226 VoL. 10, No. 29. is free 'Šas if loth to sacrifice so sweet a life. The nun-icians wait with more than usual in-terest. Every face is solemn. But as the needle seeks the pole, so the eyes of the maiden turn heavenward, and she is steadfast. her doom is sealed; Christianity triumphs; Rome is baffled. The emperor proclaims liberty of conscience, and the battle is won; but won for that age only, for history has many times re-peated the scene. When men cease to suffer for principle, either sin or righteousness will have perished from the earth."  The painter and the sculptor vie with each other in the effort to do honor to that faith-fulness to principle so beautifully portrayed by our illustration. But reader, this faithful martyr was not a martyr in the eyes of the ruling Church and State of her time. She was but the despised follower of the despised Nazarene. Her steadfastness was termed stubbornness, and she died not as a martyr, but as a malefactor, a destroyer of religion and social order, an enemy to the peace and dignity of the State. Thus it has always been. Faithfulness to conscience has been denounced as stubborn-ness by the contemporary historian. Decade after decade has passed before the " hated heretic " is viewed in the true light of a martyr to conscience. Tennessee Against Conscience. Eight men are now in jail at Dayton, Tenn., for refusing to cast the single grain of incense on the altar of what they believe to be a false worship.' Sunday, by many good people, is held to be the sabbath. They have a right so to think, and to conform their lives accord-ingly. But many who hold this belief demand more than this. They demand that their neighbors shall be made to at least act as if they too believed that Sunday is the sabbath. To this end they appeal to the government to enact statutes which shall force their dissent-ing neighbors to recognize that Sunday is the sabbath. Some of these dissenters, like the eight men now in jail, not only believe that Saturday, the seventh day, is the only Sabbath of the Bible, but they believe that the Sunday-sab-bath is an institution of the papacy, the " mark of the beast," the observance of which by one who is cognizant of this fact is to invite upon him the " unmingled wrath of God." With them life and death are at stake. That they are terribly in earnest no one can doubt. The kind-hearted judge, in passing sentence upon them, declared: " It must be patent, even to the most casual observer, that they are good citizens, who are thor-oughly conscientious in the course they have taken." And so now, instead of having pagan Rome against conscience, as presented in our illus-tration, we have the " Christian " common-wealth of Tennessee against conscience. The Possibilities Involved. If both Tennessee and the persecuted men continue firm, what is to prevent the infliction of the death penalty as a final punishment ? The logic of the case demands it. In similar cases last March the judge fined the same offenders one dollar and costs, but immedi-ately remitted the fine and expressed a regret that he could not remit the costs. But at this the second offense, he increased the fine more than seven-fold as a punishment for continu-ing in a course which he admitted was dictated by " thoroughly conscientious " motives,Ša course, too, which injured no other human being. Being " thoroughly conscientious " in the course they have taken they would 1  Pee page 229. meet the contempt of the judge and all men if they should now violate their consciences for fear of fines and imprisonment. If they continue to be " thoroughly conscientious," they will certainly soon come before the judge for a third offense, and, following the course pursued in the second case he will multiply the penalty in accordance with the gravity of con-tinued violation, and so on from one degree of punishment to another until life imprisonment or capital punishment is reached. All this is involved in the first attempt of the State to coerce the conscience, and two steps toward this final and fatal result have been taken in Rhea County, Tenn. The great historian, Gibbon, thus forcibly states the principle which is being so vividly exemplified in that State:Š It is incumbent on the authors of persecution pre-viously to reflect whether they are determined to sup-port it in the last extreme. They excite the flame which they strive to extinguish; and it soon becomes necessary to chastize the contumacy, as well as the crime of the offender. The fine, which be is unable or unwilling to discharge, exposes his person to the severity of the law; and his contempt for lighter pen-alties suggests the use and propriety of capital pun-ishment. Loyalty to Principle, Secular and Sacred. Faithfulness to principle in secular matters is applauded by men of the world. The men of the Revolution who refused to pay the " three pence a pound" tax on tea are ac-counted heroes to-day. And when Embassa-dor Pinckney resolutely answered a foreign power, " Millions for defense, but not one cent for tribute," our nation applauded the patriotic utterance and prepared to sacrifice a million human lives to defend the principle at stake. How much more important is it that Christian men should remain true to a princi-ple which involves loyalty to their Creator and Redeemer, and upon which turns their weal or woe for both time and eternity! Ought not their watchword to be, Thousands of loyal hearts for the defense of truth and right, but not one cowardly compromise with error and oppression ? Ł -4,- MORE RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION. [From the New Orleans Times-Democrat, July 5.] THE Times-Democrat has had occasion sev-eral times recently to comment on religious per-secution in several States of the South, especially Tennessee, Mississippi and Georgia. It has generally been the supposition that civilized countries had given over fining and jailing people for their religious belief and for action corresponding to that belief. But the suppo-sition, in the light of the cases which we have already mentioned and the one which we are now about to cite, will have to be.modified, or we shall be driven to make the painful ad-mission that we are not so far advanced in civ-ilization as we have taken ourselves, and as we often vaunt ourselves, to be. Everybody knows that a religious sect known as the " Seventh-day Adventists," who keep the seventh day of the week as the day of rest and religious observance, and who having wor-shiped on the seventh day perform their usual vocations on Sunday, is scattered pretty widely over the Union, having little colonies inter-spersed in many of the States. It is also well enough known that the " Seventh-day Ad-ventists " are upright, industrious, law-abiding and God-fearing people, the genuineness and strictness of whose religious observances and the general rectitude of whose lives compare very favorably with those of any other Sect in this broad land. These men prefer to obey what they honeatly believe to be the voice of God than to obey human injunction to the contrary. The Almighty in days of old gave  this commandment to his chosen people: " Remember the Sabbath day* to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work." And this commandment was included in what was known as the " Decalogne " or " Moral Law "Ša body of divine commands which is still inculcated by the various Christian sects. The Christian sects obey the whole moral law, just as it was received by Moses from Jehovah on Mount Sinai, with the one exception of the command in question. After the resur-rection of Christ on the first day of the week, they changed the Christian Sabbath from the seventh day on which Jehovah fixed it, to the first day of the week, to be commemorative of Christ's resurrection. But the change was made, as far as we have heard, without divine authority; and those, therefore, Jews or Chris-tians, who are strict constructionists of the law and are from strong religious convictions punctilious about such matters, and who keep the Sabbath on the seventh day as it was orig-inally ordained, have at least as ample justifi-cation for their seventh-day observance as the great body of Christians have for their first-day observance. On the one side is the express command of Jehovah to keep the seventh day holy; and op-posed to it is the injunction of secular legisla-tors to keep the first day holy. That is the difficulty in which the Seventh-day Adventists,  find themselves, and as we said they obey the voice of God rather than the voice of man. And in this age of boasted civilization, they are punished for acting up to their religious convictions! They are fined and imprisoned for conforming to a command of Jehovah, which a State law seeks to nullify. . . Tennessee should revive the thumb-screw and the boot, the stake and the fagot as well, and revert altogether to the inquisitional methods of mediaoval times. Failing that, she should lose no time in repealing monstrous laws which the very judges of her courts blush for the shame of having to enforce. CHRIST AND SABBATH LAWS. WHEN Christ came to earth more than eighteen hundred years ago, there were stat-utes enforcing false sabbath keeping, and he deliberately violated them. Healing the sick on the Sabbath day was regarded by the Pharisees as " work " and therefore a breach of the sabbath (Luke 13: 10-16, and John 5: 5-18); and many of the people were afraid of these false-sabbath statutes and would suffer their racking pains until the going down of the sun, after which they would crowd about the Lord of the Sabbath for his healing touch. Mark 1:21, 32, 33. But Jesus was not afraid to violate these wicked statutes even though he knew that an effort would be made to kill him if he did. Mark 3: 1-6. He violated statutes which en-forced false sabbath keeping in order to teach the people to hallow the true Sabbath which had been hidden by these traditional enactments. Jesus Christ is the great model Sabbath keeper. His followers are to-day commanded to " follow his steps." This is what Seventh-day Adventists are doing. They violate stat-utes which enforce a false sabbath. They do it in order to teach the world that Sunday is not the Sabbath and ,that ,the seventh day is. The Seventh-day Adventisfs now iu jail at Dayton; Tenn., are there for doing that Whibh their Lord did. " The servant -is tiet greater than hiS lord. If they haVe persecuted they -will also persecute yon." John 15: 20. 