,790 THE SENTINEL, OF LIBERTY.       such should arise from among ourselves, speedy care bee taken to remove them (and as we are informed), the several jurisdictions have made provision ac-cordingly. But it is by experience found that means will fall short without further care by reason of your admission and receiving of such, from whence they may have opportunity to creep in among us, or means to infuse and spread theire accursed tenets to the great trouble of the collonies if not to the subversion of the laws professed in them. " Notwithstanding our care which hath hitherto taken to prevent the same, whereof wee can not, but bee very sensible, and think noe care too great to preserve us from such a pest, the contageon whereof (if received) within your Collonie were dangerous, &c., to be difused to the other by meanse of the inter-course especially to the place of trade amongst us. Wee therefore make it a request that you as well as the rest of the collonies take such order herein that your neighbors be free from that danger; and that you remove those Quakers that have been receive& and for the future prohibit them coming amongst you; where,unto the rule of charity to yourselves and to us (we conceave) doth oblige yoti, wherein if you should, we hope you will not bee found want-inge ; yet wee could not but signifie this oure desire; and further declare that we apprehend that it will bee oure duty seriously to consider what further provisions God may call us to make to prevent the aforesaid mischief. And for oure further guidance and direction herein, wee desire you to impart your mind and resolution to the General Court of Mass-achusetts which assembleth the 14th of October next; wee have not further to trouble you att pres-ent, but to assure you wee desire to continue your loving friends and neighbours, the Commissioners of the United Collonies, Boston, September 12, 1657. " SIMON BRADSTREET, President." Points of Interest in the Letter. This letter is of interest, not only because of its quaintness, but also because it betrays their genuine anxiety, and their absolute ignorance of the fact that the truth itself has power to defend itself against error. Incidentally it reveals the fact that the spiritual truths which the Quakers taught did have power in contrast with, the stiff formality of the old New England worship. The letter' contains a covert threat of friendship withheld and the privi-lege of tracł. denied if the request was refused. It makes pain the fact that Roger Williams, hating the Quakers -as he did, and earnestly desiring the trade and friendly relations of all the colonies, had his principles of liberty put to the strongest possible test. To this letter the governthent of the ColOny Of Rhode Island replied in a quite lengthy epiStle., First they stated their desire to Hire on terms of peace and loving correspondence with all the colo-, nies, and " to return to the other colonies such as fly from the hands of justice for matters of crime done or committed against you. "And as con-cerninrthese Quakers which are among us, we have no laws whereby to punish any for only declaring,  by words, &c., theire minds and understandings con-cerning the things and ways of God, as to salvation and eternal conditions. And we moreover finde that in those places where these people aforesaid in this colonie are most of all suffered to declare themselves freely, and are- only opposed by argu-ments in discourse, there they least of all desire to come. * * * And yet we conceive that their-doctrines tend to very absolute cutting downe and overturninge relations and civil governments among men, if generally received." Then follows a state-,  ment of their intentions of bringing the matter to the attention of the General Assembly of the colony to meet the next March. Rhode Island's Reply. This letter, in contrast to the one from Massa--;  chusetts, shows plainly the belief of Roger Williams and his associates in the fact that truth itself is king in the realm of thought, and that it can conquer all opponents. The General Assembly of Rhode Island, considered the matter, and here is their reply: " Honoured Gentlemen: There hath been pre-sented to our view by our Honoured President, a letter bearing, date of September 12th last, sub-' scribed by the Honoured Gentlemen Commissioners of the United Colloneys cOnCerninge -a companie of people .(lately arrived in, these parts of the world), commonly knOwn as Quakers, who are generally conceived pernicious, either intentionally, or at leastwise in effect, even to the corrupting of good manners and disturbing the coininon peace and society of the place where they arise or resort unto, &c.- " Now, whereas, freedom of different consciences, to be protected from enforcement was the principal:: ground of our Charter, both with respect, to our humble suit for it, as also 'to the true intent of the. Honourable and renowned Parliament of England in granting of the same unto us; which freedoM:We still prize as the greatest happiness man can poSSess in this world. Therefore we;shall, for. the Preservation of our civil peace and order, the more seriouSlytake notice that these people and any others that are 