THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. they declared was set aside by "divine au-thority as a day to be kept holy." The petitions were referred to the committee on postal matters and the report was made by Hon. Richard M. Johnson, ono of the fathers of the Democratic party. I quote the follow- ing from that report, which was adopted unanimously and "committee discharged:"Š "Among, all the religious persecutions with which almost every page of modern history is .stained, no victim ever suffered but for violation of what government denominated the law of God. To prevent a similar train of evils in this country, the Constitution has withheld the power of defining the divine law. It is a right reserved to each citizen. And while he respects the rights of others he can-not beheld amenable to any human tribunal for his conclusions. . . . The obligation Of the Government is the same on both these classes; [those who keep Saturday and those who keep Sunday] and the committee can discover no principle on which the claims of .one should bo more respected than those of the other; unless, it be admitted that the consciences Of the minority are less sacred than those of the majority." Listen to that last sentenceŠbut again I quote:L--- " What other nations 'call religious 'tolera-tion we call religious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmental indul-ence, but as rights, of which Government can-not deprive any of its citizens, however small. Despotic power may invade these rights, but - justice still confirms them. And again:Š "Let the national Legislature once perform an act which involves the decision of a relig-ious controversy, and it will have passed its legitimate bounds. The precedent will then' Ł be established, and the foundation laid for the usurpation of the divine prerogative in . this country which has been the desolating scourge to the fairest portions of the Old World. Our Constitution recognizes no other power than that of persuasion, for enforcing religious observances." Sir, it was my privilege during the last two years to travel through our Northwestern States in the interest of immigration. 1 delivered public lectures upon the material resources of Arkansas, and the inducements held out by her to those who desired homes in a new State. I told 'them of her cloudless skies and tropical climes, and bird songs as sweet as vesper chimes. I told them of her mountains and valleys, of her forests of valuable timber, 'her thousands of miles of navigable waters, her gushing springs, her broad, flower-decked and grass-carpeted prairies, sleeping in the golden sunshine of unsettled solitude. I told them, of the rich stores of mineral wealth sleeping in the sunless depths of her bosom. I told them of our God-inspired liquor laws, of our " pistol laws," of our exemption laws, and oh, sir I God forgive me the lieŠI told ' them that our Constitution and laws protected all, men equally in the enjoyment and exer-cise of their religious convictions. I told them that the sectional feeling engendered by the war was a thing of the past, and that her citizens, through me, cordially invited them to comp and share this glorious land with us and aid us to develop it. Many came and settled up our wild lands and prairies, and where but a few years ago was hoard in the stillness of the night the howl . of the wolf,, the scream of the 'panther,  and the wail of the wildcat, these people for whom I am pleading, came and settled, and behold the change. Instead of the savage sounds incident to the wilderness, now is heard the tap, tap, tap, of the mechanic's ham-mer, the rattle and roar of the railroad, the busy hum of industry, and softer, sweeter far than all these is heard the music of the church bells as they ring in silvery chimes across the prairies and valleys and are echoed back from the hill-Sides throughout the borders of our whole State. SUNDAY OBSERVANCE UNSCRIPTURAL. These people are, many of them, Seventh-day Adventists and Seventh-day Baptists. They are people who religiously and consci-entiously keep Saturday, the seventh-day, as the Sabbath, in accordance with the fourth commandment. They find no authority in the Scripture for keeping Sunday, the first day of the week, nor can anyone else. All commentators agree that Saturday is and ,was the scriptural Sabbath, and that the keeping of Sunday, the first day of the week, as the Sabbath, is of human origin, and not by di-vine injunction. The Catholic writers and all theologians agree in this. These people understand the decalogue to be as binding upon them as fully to-day as when handed down amid the thunders of Sinai, They do not feel at liberty to abstain from their usual avocations, because they read the commandment, " Six days shalt thou la-bor," as mandatory, and they believe that they have no more right to abstain from labor on the first day of the week than they have to neglect the observance of Saturday as their Sabbath. They agree with their Christian brethren of other denominations in all essen-tial points of doctrine, the one great difference being upon the day to be kept as the Sabbath. They follow no avocations tending to de-moralize the community in which they Jive. They came among us expecting the same-pro-tection in the exercise of their religious faith, as is accorded to them in all the states of Eu-rope, in South Africa, Australia, the Sand-wich Islands, and every State in the Union ex-cept, alas ! that I should say it, Arkansas ! Sir, under the existing law there have been in Arkansas within the last two years three times as many cases of persecution. for conscience' sake, as there have been in all the other States combined since the adoption of our national Constitution. PERSECUTION FOR CONSCIENCE' SAKE. Let me, sir, illustrate the operation of the present law by one or two examples. A Mr. Swearigen came from a northern State and settled a farm in  County. His farm was four miles from town, and far away from any house of religious worship. He was a mem-ber of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, and, after having sacredly obServed the Sabbath of his people (Saturday) by abstaining from all secular work, he and his son, a lad of seventeen, on the first day of the week, went quietly.  about their usual avocations. They disturbed no oneŠinterfered with the rights of no one. But they were observed, and re-ported to the grand juryŠindicted, arrested, tried, convicted, finedŠ and, having no money  to pay the fine, these moral, Christian citizens of Arkansas were dragged to the county jail and imprisoned like felons for twenty-five daysŠand for what? For daring in this so-called land of liberty, in the year of our Lord 1887, to worship God. Was this the end of the story? Alas, no, sir ! They were turned out; and the old man's only horse, his sole reliance to make bread for his children, was levied on to pay the fine and costs, amounting to $38. The horse sold at auction for $27. A few days afterward the sheriff came again and de-manded $36, $11 balance due on fine and costs, and $25 for board for himself and son while in jail. And when the poor old manŠa Christian, mind youŠtold him with tears that he had no money, he promptly levied on his only cow, but was persuaded to accept bond, and the amount was paid by contribu-tions from his friends of the same faith. Sir, my heart swells to bursting with indignation as I repeat to you the infamous story. ANOTHER INSTANCE. Another, and I am done. Sir, I beg you and these senators to believe that these are neither fancy nor exaggerated sketches. Five years ago a young man, newly married, came to County, from Ohio. He and his wife were Seventh-day Baptists. The young girl had lett father and mother, broth-ers and sisters, and all the dear friends of her childhood to follow her young husband to ArkansasŠto them the land of promise. The light of love sparkled in her bright, young eyes. The roses of health were upon her cheeks, and her silver laugh was sweet music, of which her young husband never wearied. . They purchased a little farm, and soon, by tireless industry and frugal thrift, their home blossomed like a rose in the wilderness. After awhile a fair young babe came to them to brighten the sunshine, and sweeten.  the . bird songs. They were happy in each other's affec-tion and their love for the little one. For them " all things worked together for good;" for, in their humble, trusting way, they wor-shiped God and loved their fellow-men. Two years ago the law under which their . prosperity and happiness had had its growth was repealed! Accursed be the day which brought such a fOul blot upon our State's fair fame ! A change, sudden, cold, and blasting as an arctic storm came over their lives and pitilessly withered all their bright flowers of hope. Under this repeal, persecution lifted its ugly, venomous head. The hero of my sad story was observed by an envious, jealous neighbor, quietly working, as he believed God had commanded him, on Sunday. He was reported to that inquisitorial relic of barbar-ism, the grand juryŠindicted, tried, convicted, and thrown into jail because his conscience would not let him pay the fine. Week after week dragged its slaw length along. Day after day the young wife, with baby in her arms, watched at the gate for his. coming, and like Tennyson's MariannaŠ "She only said : My life is drearyŠHe cometh not,' she said. She said : I am awearyŠawearyŠI would that I were dead.'" Then baby sickened and diedŠthe light in 