AMERICAN SENTINEL. "43 said reverend father(?) commanded the child Zegarra to divest himself of all his clothing. Scarcely had he obeyed than Father Guido took the lad in his arms and carried him to a bonfire that was burning a short distance away. "When the fire was at its highest, Father Guido took the boy by the hands and feetŠalthough the latter struggled in vain to free himself from the hands of his executionerŠand without the least scruple, the priest threw the lad upon the burning heap; from which he was taken out a short time afterwards in a most exani-mate condition. "Nearly all the fellow-scholars of the victim cried bitterly at the sight of their apparently dead compan-ion, upon his being taken from the fire. The Catholic friars, without loss of time, had the boy conveyed to the hospital, where Dr. Monilla was called to give the first treatment; the greatest precaution being taken in the meantime by the clerical and medical authorities, to keep hidden this incident from the people. "The boy Zegarra can to-day be found in Cieneguilla Street, No. 13, Hoji Redonda, in a very convalescent state, after having been confined to bed for nearly two months. We have visited him, and have seen with our eyes three great burns upon his person. One in the,  stomach, another in the shoulder, and the other in the knee. As the result of the latter, a tumor in the groin has appeared, which was operated on by Dr. Enrique Mestanza. "The parents of Zegarra have already protested against this brutal act, to the authorities of the town, but so far without result." The majority of our readers would imagine that such a savage act could not be committed in this en-lightened generation of the nineteenth century; and yet we find that not only is such cruelty perpetrated, but even the perpetrators of such horrid crimes are sheltered and protected by the judicial authorities of a so-called Christian nation. And this, too, in the most faithful of all Catholic countries, viz.: PeruŠa country which for the long period of four hundred years has received no other instruction than that taught by the priests of Rome. And yet the papal church boasts continually of the success of her foreign missions. In truth, the spirit of the Madrid Quemadera still burns in the hearts of these inquisitional Catholic friars; and they only await the opportunity to put theirtheory into practise. Has Rome become more liberal? Yes, but only is the countries where she has not the power to do other-wise; and where she is helpless to persecute. Would you see her in her true colors? Go to Spain, Portugal, Peru, Bolivia, Ecuador; theie you see her in all her hideous-ness, and cruelty, intolerant to the extreme; having in view only one object; viz.: the extirpation of the -heretic. Let us not be dseived by the false cry that Rome has changed, and has become more liberal than she was in the Dark Ages. Such a clamor is false, and but cal- culated to dective the unwary. JOHN MCCARTHY. Buenos Ayres, Argentina. The Jersey Blue Laws.. FOR many years New Jersey has been noted for its "lightning," but lately it has been acquiring notoriety in another way, which bids fair to add much to its rep-utation; namely, by the "Blue Laws." A tide of re-form(?) is sweeping over the State, and wondrous things are being accomplished; but an extract from the New York World of January 9, given herewith, places Jersey City at the head of the list in the work of teaching its citizens that Sunday must not be profaned. "BLUE LAWS IN JERSEY. "Boys Who 'Shined,  Shoes Sunday Were Fined $1 Each. "One of the old New Jersey Blue Laws, which pro-hibits the performance of manual labor on Sunday, was revived in Jersey City Sunday. Two boys were arrested for shining shoes in the street after the noon hour. "Police Justice Nevin said he had no alternative but to impose a fine. Each little prisoner contributed $1 toward the municipal fund." The dignity of the law has been maintained(?). These two little shoe-blacks have been taught in a kindly manner the sacredness(?) of Sunday, and the world at large has been made better(?). Truly this is a Christian nation! A. R. BELL. National Humiliation and Prayer for Great Britain. The question of the advisability of appointing a day of national humiliation and prayer, in view of the disasters to British arms and terrible loss of life in South Africa, is beinz discussed in England, and the following observations on the subject are called forth from the London Guardian. This journal does not overlook the elements of hypocrisy, inconsistency and general impropriety which are bound up with such manifestoes from the head of the civil authority, and pertain in general to the British system of an established church:Š " The great objection to the appointment, by authority, of a national day of 'humiliation and prayer' is contained in a reminderthat such days, at the time of the Crimean and Indian wars, merely anticipated the Bank Holidays of later date, with their concomitants of railway excursions, crowded public houses, and the rest of it. To close the public houses altogether on the appointed day, as they do in America on the day of a Presidential eleotion, would possibly require an Act of Parliament, and one does not like to think of the sort of talk that would be let loose in debate on such a subject. "One thing is the boggling of certain minds over the word 'humiliation.' One writer, a clergyman, and not the first corner, says in effectŠ`We have done nothing to be ashamed of, and why should we humble ourselves?' Yet at morning and evening prayers we regularly and most justly acknowledge ourselves to be miserable offenders. Other people are nervous about prayers for 