1 "Equal and Exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever State or persuasion, Peligious or political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, MAY 25, 1893. NUMBER 21. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 Bonn Sr., NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. - 1  ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.  1 WILLIAM FL MC KEE. OF the Sunday closing of the great Fair now in progress at Chicago, the Herald of that city, says :Š The closing of the gates will not be an unmixed evil. The indignation which it will excite will be a death blow to similar crank legislation. The first step toward the union of Church and State in this country will be the last. This is a mistake. " The territory that Government invades it dominates. The jurisdiction it takes it keeps." It was Senator Plumb who said this, but years be-fore, Hon. Richard M. Johnson, as chair-man of the House Committee on Post-Offices and Post-Roads, said in his report on the proposition to abolish Sunday mails :Š Let the national legislature once perform an act which involves the decision of a religious contro-versy, and it will have passed its legitimate bounds. The precedent will then be established, and the foundation laid for that usurpation of the divine prerogative in this country which has been the desolating scourge of the fairest portions of the Old World. Of the principle of governmental inter-ference in religious matters, Mr. Johnson said :Š If admitted, it may be justly apprehended that the future measures of the Government will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled by the same influence. All religious despotism commences by combination and influence; and when the influence begins to operate upon the po-litical institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the conse-quence. The closing of the World's Fair by an act of Congress is only the beginning of the end. The people refused to believe it possible that any such action would be taken until it had been done. And even then they were not thoroughly aroused. Now it is too late. In any event the mis-guided religious influence that secured the closing of the gates of Jackson Park will be strengthened. If the Fair remains closed the precedent will have been thor-oughly established. On the other hand  should the Fair be opened on Sunday in defiance of law the advocates of Sunday closing would pose as the defenders of law and order, and congressmen jealous for their authority, and touched because it had been set at naught would go to still greater lengths in order to vindicate past action. The Government stands com-mitted to the championship of a religious institution, and not only so, but to a course of religious legislation at the dic-tation of the same influence that was potent to secure passage of the Sunday-closing proviso. 4.*  Why They Refuse Obedience. LAST week we gave, at some length, evidence showing that the Adventists who have been imprisoned in Tennessee and Maryland for violation of the Sunday laws of those States, hold not only that the fourth commandment enjoins absti-nence from labor on the seventh day of the week, but that it also forbids a like observance of any other day; and that for this reason, and for this reason only, they subject themselves to imprisonment by working on the first day of the week. On another page of this paper is an arti-cle written by one of these martyrs to his faith which fully bears out the statements which we made last week. As will be seen by reading the arti-cle referred to, found on page 163, the persecuted Adventists hold that the Roman Catholic Church, the Papacy, is the persecuting power described in Dan. 7: 25, 26, and parallel texts, and that the Sunday-Sabbath is the badge of its power. Commenting on Dan. 7 : 25, Dr. Albert Barnes says : " Can any one doubt that this is true of the Papacy ? . . . In-deed, the slightest acquaintance with the history of the Papacy will convince any one that what is here said of making 'war with the saints' (verse 21), and wearing `out the saints of the Most High' (verse 25), is strictly applicable to that power, and will accurately describe its history." This is the view generally entertained by Protestants, not only of the applica-tion of Dan 7 : 25, but of many other scriptures. But one feature of the proph-ecy is very generally overlooked. Dan. 7 ; 25 not only says of this power that he  should " speak great words against the Most High," and " wear out the saints of the Most High," but also that he should " think to change times and laws," evi-dently of the Most High. This prophecy, the Adventists believe, is fulfilled in the change of the Sabbath, by the Papacy. And as shown last week by quotations from Catholic catechisms, the Romish Church boasts of having made the change, and appeals to that fact, and the acquies-cence of Protestants in the change, as proof of its power to establish feasts and holy days and to command their observ-ance under sin. That the Sabbath has been changed so far as it is possible for man to change that which God has established, all are agreed; but when it comes to stating the reason and manner of the change, there is not the same unanimity of sentiment. Some have endeavored to show that it was by divine authority, but for this position there is no warrant in the Scrip-tures; moreover, the very nature of the Sabbath law forbids the idea that it should at one time enforce one day and at another time another day. The fourth commandment sets forth explicitly the reason for enjoining the observance of the Sabbath, namely, the creation of the world, and God's rest on the seventh day of the creation week; and to change the day must, of necessity, change the reason for its observance. And to change the rea-son for an institution is to entirely change the institution itself, or rather it is to destroy one institution and establish an-other in its stead. And this is just what has been done, as far as man could do it, in the case of the Sabbath ; for instead of the seventh day being kept as a memorial of creation, we have another day kept for another reason. That this change was made this side of Christ and the apostles, is thus confessed by an adherent of the Sunday Sabbath :Š The selection of Sunday, thus changing the par-ticular day designated in the fourth command-ment, was brought about by the gradual concur-rence of the early Christian Church; and on this basis, and on none other, does the Christian Sab-bath, the first day of the week, rightly rest.ŠChristian at Work, Jan. 8, 1885. In order that none may misunderstand what is meant by " the early Christian Church," we supplement this quotation 