THE BATTLE CREEK SANITARIUM HEALTH FOODS. TO THE PUBLIC Ł This certifies that the Battle Creek Ł Sanitarium Health Foods, isianufac-tured by the Sanitarium under the name of the Sanitarium Food Com-pany, are made under my direction and supervision, and that Granola and the other special foods manufactured by this company, are not made or sold by any other firm or person except their duly authorized agents. J. H. KELLOGG, M. D. For more than sixteen years the Battle Creek Sanitarian has maintained a Health Food Depart-ment, at first for the benefit of its patients and pa-trons, later, and for more than a dozen years, with increased facilities, to supply the general public. Within the last year More Than 150 Tons of the following named foods have been manufac-tured and sold:Š Oatmeal Biscuit, Rye Wafers, Medium Oatmeal Crackers, Fruit Crackers, Carbon Crackers, plain Oatmeal Crackers, No. I Graham Crackers, Avenola, No. 2 Graham Crackers, Granola, Plain Graham Crackers (Dyspeptic), Wheat Granola, White Crackers, Whole Wheat Wafers, Gluten Food, No. I, Gluten Wafers, Gluten Food, No. 2, Infants' Food. Granola, The Gem of Health Foods. Our Granola, which has now been manu-factured by us for nearly seventeen years, is unquestionably the finest health food ever devised, and is greatly superior to any of the numerous imitations to which its success has given rise. Our goods are shipped to every part of the worldŠto Australia, New Zealand, India, Persia, and other foreign countries, as well as to all parts of the United States; and in every instance they have demon-strated their wonderful keeping properties. The following are a few of the hundreds of testimonials received from persons who have for years made use of our foods. MICHIGAN. I have for three years used the " Health Foods " tai my family, and can heartily recommend them, both for purity and health-giving properties. C. F. PORTER, D. D. S. INDIANA. Your "Health Foods " are the wonder of the nineteenth century. I have used Granola but a short time, but have already experienced relief from indigestion and acid, or flatulent dyspepsia. I also find the Zwie- bach nourishing and toothsome. D. M. KAUFFMAN. I have personally tested your excellent food known as Granola. It is highly pleasing to the taste, easy of digestion, and the most nutritive cereal production with which I am acquainted. Da. R. W. BULL NEW YORK. Your Granola is the best selling invalid food I have ever handled. I have already sold nearly two thousand pounds. A. J. BROUGHTON. CONNECTICUT. We have used your "Health Foods" in our family for three years and can not get along without them. Having been troubled with dys-pepsia and chronic inflammation of the stomach, I found that your Gran-ola, Avenola, Wheatena, and Gluten are the only foods that I can eat with safety. Win. M. Mmtwm. OHIO. Our baby is a testimonial to Sanitarium food. She is ten months old, weighs twenty-eight pounds, and is as ruddy and healthy a specimen as can be seen. She has actually gained flesh while cutting her last two teeth. Her flesh is firm and sound, and she is very strong. MINNESOTA. We have twins, and the little fellows are thriving nicely. The food agrees with them perfectly, and I have recommended it to many who are bringing up babies " by hand." D. W. MCCOURT. We are constantly improving our foods, and adding to our list as the result of experimental researches conducted in the Sanitarium Laboratory of Hygiene and our Experimental Kitchen. For the latest descriptive circular and price list, address, SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO., - - BATTLE CREEK, MICH. HEALTH FOODS. PURE CRACKERS AND BISCUITS, and Cereal Coffee MANUFACTURED BY THE BATTLE CREEK BAKERY COMPANY ESTABLISHED IN 1881. MAY 11, 1893. A NI-RECAICAN  151 thus pointed out the bad logic in the cur-rent use of the text :Š When palaced paupers, sneering, beard the town, They preach the church tax in a text like thisŠNo text more plainŠ" To Cmsar give his own ! " Ah, serviles, knavishly the mark they miss, And give to Csar oursŠnot theirs, nor his! Why should not a believer in a religion be willing to pay all that his exercise of that religion involves, if it is worth any-thing to him, whether it be his share in the support of his pastor, or his share of the taxes on the building in which he wor-ships which receives the same care and protection from fire or other injury that any other piece of property does. In the time referred to in England a direct tax was levied to support the Church; but would it really make any difference to a man who does not believe in the religion in which I believe, whether he is levied upon by direct tax to support the church in which I worship, or whether he is made to contribute to it indirectly by the ex-emption of the property from taxation ? Not if he is a logical, thinking kind of a man. W. A. SPICER. SIBERIA AND THE NIHILISTS.ŠWhy Kerman went to Siberia. By William Jack-son Armstrong. This is one of the most in-tensely interesting and thoroughly reliable contributions to literature on Russia and the Nihilists ever published. Everybody should read this book, because no one can be intel-ligent upon the subject of which it treats without familiarity with its contents. 160 pages, paper covers, 25 cents. THE NEW BIBLE ATLAS AND GAZ-ETTEER, with 16 colored maps by W. and A. Keith Johnson, and a very elaborate gaz-etteer, giving information about nearly every place which is marked upon the maps, with scripture references. 4to, cloth, $1. 50. GINN'S CLASSICAL ATLAS-4to, cloth, $2. 50. This work contains 23 colored maps, which were projected and executed by the late A. Keith Johnson, with a complete in-dex. THE POCKET ATLAS OF THE WORLD ŠA comprehensive and popular series of maps, illustrating physical and political ge-ography, with geographical statistical noted, 54 double maps, cloth, $1. 00. ROBERT MOFFAT', the Missionary Hero of Kuruman-13y David J. Deane, author of " Martin Luther, the Reformer," etc. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. JOHN GRIFFITH, Founder of the Han-kow Mission, Central ChinaL-By Wil-liam Robson, of the London Missionary society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. THOMAS J. COMBER, Missionary Pi-oneer to the CongoŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mis-sionary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully il-lustrated, cloth extra, price, 75 cents. WILLIAM CAREY, the Shoemaker who became a MissionaryŠBy Rev. J. B. Myers, Association Secretary Baptist Mission-ary Society. 12mo, 160 pages, fully illus-trated, cloth extra, 75 cents. HENRY M. STANLEY, the African Ex-plorerŠBy Arther Montefiore, F. R. G. S. Brought down to 1889. 12nto. 160 pages, fully illustrated, cloth extra, 75 cents. WE manufacture a choiee line of these goods, entirely free from lard and all adulterations, at the following prices:Š "A" Fruit Biscuits, white flour, - sweetened, per lb. 15c "B" " " whole wheat flour, " " .....15c Fruit Crackers, not sweetened, " " .....15c Lemon Cream Biscuits,  tt " " .....12c Graham .....12c Oat Meal it .....12c "A" Graham Crackers slightly sweetened " " .....10c "B" not sweetened  " " .....10c "D" Graham Cracker, (water crackers for dys-peptics "A" Oat Meal"  slightly sweetened " ti 44  not sweetened  " Whole Wheat Crackers,  White very palatable,  " Carbon   it Gluten Et It it Cereola, a prepared grain food, in bulk, . " (The same as formerly advertized under the " Granola.") Pure Gluten, in bulk'  . per lb  Wheat " ..  Cereal Coffee, prepared from grains only, a very  choice and healthful drink, in one and a half lb. packages (Once used, never again refused), 250 Goods to the value of eight dollars, will be sent on the re-ceipt of six dollars, being 25 per cent. discount. We are now prepared to supply in large quantities the small, round Butter Crackers, purely butter shortened, and deal. rs wishing to handle such will do well to write us for prices, stat-ing Low many barrels they wish to purchase, etc. The price per barrel of about 50 lbs. is seven and one half cents per lb. 0: reola and Gluten are prepared foods, thoroughly cooked and ready for use by the addition of some fluid, as milk and oream, fruit juice or water, as best agrees with the individual. Cereola is a universal Health Food, and is calculated for use  both in sickness and health. In ordering, please remember that the rate of freight on 25 lbs. will be the same as on 100 lbs. Remit by Bank Draft, Money Order, Express Order, or Postal Note. No private checks accepted. During the month of November last we have added new and improved machinery to our plant and otherwise increased our manufacturing facilities. Therefore, with these superior ad-vantages, we promise the consumers of Health Foods a nicer and more palatable art cle in this line than has ever before been produced. Write us for special rates on large lots. REFERENCES. To whom. it may concern: We, the undersigned, residents of Battle Creek, Mich., take pleasure in stating that Mr. Joseph Smith, manager of the Health Food Department of the Battle Creek Bakery Co., has resided in Battle Creek for nearly 20 years, and is a competent and responsible man, and of long experience in his line of busi-ness, and one whose goods we can heartily recommend to the public. Ultima Snips, Editor Review and Herald. How. W. C. GAGE, Ex-Mayor. J. B. KRUG, of Krug's Business College. THOMAS H. BRIGGS, M. D. How. GHORGE WILLARD, Pub. Journal. S. S. FRENCH, M. D. R. T. KINGMAN, Vice-President City Bank. M. RORABACHER, M. D. How. W. H. MASON, postmaster. HON. J. W. BAILEY, Ex-mayor. T. E. SANDS, M. D. " .....10c ....10e ....10c 10c ...10c ...15c ...30c ...10c name 40c Address all Orders to PACIFIC PRESS FUBLISMING COMPANY, 12TH & ()ASTRO STS., 48 BOND Sr., 04gLAND, CV. Naar Toss, I 'Address, BATTLE CREEK BAKERY CO., Battle Creek, :Mich. 