THE AMERICAN SNTINEL. Rev. Dr. John Hall, pastor of the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church, was the next speaker. Each point that Dr. Schaff raised Dr. Hall answered, and when he said that he could not realize how so learned a man, a pro-fessor in the chair of church history in a Pres-byterian theological seminary, could advocate an alliance with the historic enemy of truth, justice, and morality, he was enthusiastically applauded. He held to his clear and logical style of argumentation, but his deep interest and ear-nest convictions upon this important subject, led him into such bursts of eloquence that he carried his audience before him with irresisti-ble force. Dr. Hall said that he had lived among Catholics; had preached in a parish where there were three Roman Catholics to one Prot-estant; he had been to Rome and met the cardinals, to whom he had been introduced. He knew Romanists and Romanism, priest-hood and laity, better, probably, than any per-son present. He said the Pope was the church and the church was the Pope, and that both are antichrist, "so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." The Pope and Romanism stand and fall together. Paul denounced this antichrist, this son of perdition, as the work-man of Satan : that Satan who had overcome the first Adam, and with all the subtlety of his nature endeavored to overcome the second Adam, but had failed. Satan had endeavored to overcome Christ by offers of thqt temporal power which the Church of Rome now holds out, and the offer was made by the same arch conspirator. Moses's fight was continually against apos-tasy. Satan does not ask the people at first to become atheists, but he asks them to place alongside of the true God other gods also. This is-  what the Roman Catholic Church asks and does. Satan was satisfied when the Jew-ish kings set up the temple of the living God, provided they had Baal and Ashtaroth in their groves. As to the origin of the Roman Church, a careful reading of history showed that it was from Constantine, who was a shrewd statesman, a politician and murderer, that it had sprung. Out of heathenism, Ju-daism, and Christianity, were taken those por-tions of their several services that would ap-peal to the sensualism of man, and with these playing upon the inborn sentiment of nat-ural religion, Christ was kept out of the heart. Dr. Schaff had referred to the decrees of the Council of Trent, acknowledging the divinity, kingship, and priestly offices of Christ. Dr. Hall said that it was true, but it was not fair to quote a portion and not the whole of the decrees. Read them through and in their logical connection, and you would find that they were completely Romish; the doctrine of justification is ignored, Christ's office as a Saviour is rendered wholly void and every leading doctrine of the religion of Christ had been manipulated until it was of none effect. The decrees of the Council of Trent claimed ten virtues for the priesthood, traditions,  penances, purgatory, indulgences, and in Ma-riolatry, to one in the atonement of Christ. Christ's divinity was merged in the infallibil-ity of the Pope, the influence of the Holy Ghost merged in the confessional interferences of the priesthood, and instead of bowing to the kingship of Christ, the devotees of the Roman system kissed the toe of St. Peter's statue. No Catholic is permitted by the de-crees of the church to be "justified freely by His grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus," and his soul goes blindly into purgatory in order that the church may re-ceive money for saying masses for his soul. As to the church's influence, no devotee of heathenism in Japan but lives a freer life than does the slave of Romanism. There is no truth of the decalogue that it has not broken, no truth of Christianity that it has not assailed. It is claimed that the marriage relation-ship has been defended by the Romish Church, and yet there has been no greater in-sult offered to that holy relationship than celibacy and monasticism and their attendant evils. It is said that Romanism educates. It does so in places where it has no other way to carry on its aggressive work, and when it does educate, it does so always at your ex-pense; but where it can get along without it, it does not educate. It is claimed that the Roman Church holds in check the turbulent spirits that have caused our strikes, and that we should join hands with it to keep this power under restraint. That 60,000,000 of people should conciliate 8,000,000 of enemies to their liberties in order to keep in check a small portion of our body politic! No; a thousand times better that these misguided people should strike, and strike, until they learn how to appreciate the laws of our land and their own good, rather than that the iron band of superstition and spiritual death should be riveted about their arms and souls until they could not move. The Presbyterian Church should not form such an unholy alliance. It was our duty to magnify Protestantism, the Christianity of the Bible, and not make an unholy alliance with error. He had no word against the in-dividuals of the Church of Rome, but against that church he should always raise his voice. When Dr. Hall had concluded, the Rev. Howard Crosby, D. D., pastor of the Fourth Avenue Presbyterian Church, arose and com-menced his address with the question, " Why should we not join with the Roman Catholic Church in the fight against infidelity ? " He paused and deliberately said, " Because the Roman Catholic Church makes infidelity." The answer was electrical. The audience cheered and applauded for several minutes. Dr. Crosby continued : "The Roman Catholic Church has been called an historic church, and we are asked to make it an ally because it is such. Look at Mohammedism, Buddhism; they, too, are historic. Shall we join with them on account of their antiquity ? " When does an apple get so rotten that it ceases to be an apple? " said the doctor. "Let  us not be deceived by the virtues of those who are superior to their religion, into fellow-ship with tliat which is unfriendly to our every interest." That Sunday Commandment. IN the February SENTINEL, in reply to Mr. McConnell's first " open letter " to us, we asked him or any other of the National Reformers to cite us to a commandment of God for keeping Sunday. Mr. McConnell accepted the invita-tion, and in the Christian Nation of April 11, devoted to the task a six-column article, the columns the same size as those of the SENTI-NEL. But we did not ask for arguments, we asked for a commandment. We did not ask the National Reformers for statements of their own, we asked for a commandment of God. After four and a half columns of special pleading Mr. McConnell says :Š " The most important testimony is that in Paul's letter to the Corinthian Church (1 Cor. 16 : 2). This constitutes our warrant for ob-serving the first day of the week as the rest day or Sabbaths" Very well, now let us read 1 Cor. 16:2, and see what it says. Here it is :Š "Upon the first day of the week let every one of you lay by him in store, as God hath prospered him, that there be no gatherings when I come." And " this," says the Rev. W. T. McCon-nell, " constitutes our warrant for observing the first day of the week as the rest day or Sabbath." This then is the commandment for the keeping of Sunday, or the first day of the week, as a rest day 1 But what is said there about resting or about a rest day, or anything of the kind ? Not a single word. It seems to us that anybody who can find in that a commandment for the keeping of a rest day, must be hard pushed and eas-ily satisfied. But Mr. McConnell not only chooses to find there such a commandment, but he wants a National law which shall com-pel everybody else to keep Sunday because he chooses to find a warrant for it in a text which says not a word about it. He seems to be conscious of the weakness of his case, for .he begs off, after this manner " If anyone has time or inclination to quibble about the possible interpretation of subordinate clauses in the verse quoted, let such please themselves, remembering, if they please, that the letter killeth but the spirit maketh alive.' " But we have no confidence in the leading of any spirit which leads, not only contrary to the letter of the word of God, but contrary to the whole spirit and purpose of the word of God. And, that only such is W. T. Mc-Connell's application and interpretation of this text, we shall conclusively show, and that in but few words. The whole connection in which the verse is found, is this: " Now con-cerning the collection for the saints, as I have given order to the churches of Galatia, even so do ye. Upon the first day of the week let every one of you lay by him in store, as God hath prospered him, that, there be no gather-ings when I come. And when I comes  whom- 