AMERICAN SENTINEL.. 535 by the pope, and from the report of proceedings, as far as they have been given to the public, I have not seen that the least progress toward a better state of things has been made. Doubtless these bishops will come back impressed by the grandeur of the Romish churches, the magnificence of the millinery, the sensuousness of the ritual of the church; but as for any amelioration of the real difficulties there is little possibility. "As an indication of the progress made toward free-dom of thought and of conscience, it may be mentioned that the conference sent a committee to call upon Presi-dent Rosas, of the Argentine Republic, asking that the Protestant young men who were called upon for yearly drill in the army should not be obliged to worshipfully kneel at the celebration of the masses before the troops. It was represented to him that the best soldiers are those who obey their consciences and feel that they fight for their country by choice rather than by restraint. The president received us most cordially, promised to give his personal influence for the securing of this exemp-tion, and directed us in regard to the best method of se-curing the end we had in view. In a short time a decree was published granting perfect freedom of conscience to conscripts in this matter." "There is a monument in Santiago that bears touch-ing testimony to the fact that the human heart, in spite of wrong teaching, is most' tender toward the needy and suffering. During the half century from 1820 to 1874 those who refused or had not the opportunity to die under the auspices of the Romish Church were hauled away like dead dogs to a place given up to criminals of all sorts, and buried without any sign to mark the par-ticular place. In 1874 the whole region was turned into a public park and a beautiful monument was erected, representing a woman dropping a rose upon these un-known graves. The pedestal bore this inscription: 'To the memory of those expatriated from heaven and earth who, on this site, were buried during the half century, 1820-74.' Those who so pity them that are regarded as irrevocably lost ought certainly to manifest a great interest in saving those to whom the free salvation can be fully offered." '4  The United States in China. N. Y. "Christian Advocate." IN these days when so much is being made of the Anglo Saxon elements in civilization, and emphasis being placed upon the cordial relations existing between Great Britain and the United States, it is interesting to note that a combination has been made between the American China Develorment Company, which is com-monly known as the Chinese syndicate of this country, and the British and fihinese corporation of London. The purpose of the joint syndicate is to obtain con-tracts, decrees, and concessions in China, and to con-struct and maintain railroads and other public works. The consolidation of these two concerns constitute a syndicate of the most powerful capitalists in the world. A number of contracts have been secured, among them one for a survey of a rillroad line from Hankow to Can-ton. The negotiatious for,ithis contract are now at a  critical stage at Peking, the Chinese government having manifested a purpose to declare the agreement null and void. The syndicate has appealed to Great Britain,and the British minister has been instructed to treat the con-tract as if it were a British contract, and to urge the ful-fillment of ids terms upon the Chinese government. Our own Government has been appealed to by the Develop-ment Company, which is one of the parties to the con-tract, and instructions have been given to our minister at Peking concerning the matter. It is not unlikely that this case will constitute au entering wedge, and that before another year goes by we may find ourselves em-broiled in the Asiatic question. Military Rule to Continue in Cuba. ACCORDING to press reports from Havana, it is not probable that American military rule in Cuba will soon come to an end, if respect is paid to the wishes of a cer-tain class of the Cubans, representing prominent busi-ness interests in the island. The Chicago Times-Herald reports that,Š "Among twenty two prominent merchants of Hav-ana, including Spaniards, Cubans, Americans, and other various nationalities, who were asked their views, not a single dissenting voice was raised against the continua-tion of the military government for at least two or three years, until the country had settled down. One mer-chant said:Š " 'Remove the Foraker amendment and Cuba will blos Ł som into a wealthy country, capital will flood the island, everything will boom and brigandage will necessarily cease. The only interests which would be served by a change now are those Cubans out of office, who ima-gine that they could get appointments if a change were made.' "Another merchant and a prominent steamship agent, said: 'For God's sake, give Cuba a rest for at least two years, and a chance to recuperate. Remove the laws preventing capital coming into the island, and then see the result; learn what the people really want as soon as possible, and you will benefit all concerned. The American Government ought to announce a definite policy as regards the island, putting a limit to the time it will hold it, without a vote of the public. The mili-tary government should be continued two, three, or five yearsŠthe last would be best for Cuba's interests.' "The other interviews were in a similar strain, show-ing conclusively that the opinion of the wealthy and business classes favor conservative methods and the continuance for the time being of the military govern-ment." THE Sultan of Sulu, who has many subjects in Bor-neo, is paid $5,000 a year by the British North Borneo Company to keep away from the island. There are some ideas of government which the island of Manhattan could profitably copy from the island of Borneo.ŠN. Y. World. 