THE IFEIME(11 LITE411, T1q0..SLOTION OF THE CREEK NEW TESTAMENT WITH The Authorized Version conveniently presented in the margins for ready reference And with" the various readings of the editions of Elzevir 1624, Griesbaeh, Laehmann, Tisehendorf, Tregelles, Alford and Wordsworth. Price 4 N w ti M M M $3.00 Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING- CO., 43 Bond Street, New York City. The Cyclone Still Whirls! Sweeping Everything Clean Before It! SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY: Extract from letter from A. S. Garman and Sons, Akron, Ohio: " We know that the ` Cyclone' is the best, and will do the best work of any washing machine made. We are getting orders here without soliciting, in localities where we have sold." R. A. M'Millen, agent, Douglass Center, Wis.: " I have sold three ' Cyclones' in two days, my first work. I tell you it is the thing." Agent at Mason City, Iowa.: "I have sold two ' Cyclones' to-day. I am going to have a good run here." DECEMBER 12, 1895. A.101[ CAW 391 One of the Nost Valuable Helps to the Study of the NeQ Testament Ever Published. and his long tarry and successful ministry there gave him influence abroad as well as at home.ŠSketches from the Life of Paul, p. 109. Even a good cause is weakened by a poor or false argument, and for this reason we are pained to see anything that even appears to be a wresting of the Scriptures in the supposed interests of truth. Truth is never served by falsehood. Sound doctrine never consorts with error, and the pen picture that repre-sents truth as leaning upon the arm of false-hood inflicts upon truth a wound from which she recovers only because " the eternal years of God are hers." LIFE only in CHRIST, Or Immortality not a Birthright, but A. 0-111-Frr IF _LC CD U-Cio BY ELDER W. H. LITTLEJOHN. Recently from the Press. Illustrated by Three Full_ Page Half-Tone Engravings, Representing the " Game of Life," Christian and Satan being the Contestants. Revised and corrected. Second Edition, Sixth Thou-sand. ELDER U. SMITH, author of " Man's Nature and Destiny," " Thoughts on Daniel and the Revelation." and " Marvel of Nations." says of the work: "The consideration of all phases of the question is calm and candid, the reasoning logical and conclusive, and the application of scirpture natural and harmonious. We can heartily recommend this work to all students of the Scriptures and all lovers of Bible truth." Price, plain edges, 60c; gilt edges, 75c, postpaid. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO.: 43 Bond Street, New York City. The story of PITCAIRN ISLAND. (SECOND EDITION.) BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG, A Native Daughter. Pitcairn Island, one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific. has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory reads stranger and more thrillingly in many respects than a romance. But most. if not all, of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary or incorrect and misleading. It will be interesting to the friends of that miniature world to know that an authentic history has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born. Miss Rosa Young is one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book is a plain. unvar-nished tale of Pitcairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the year 1894. It is written with a charming simplicity of style which refreshes the reader and invites a continual peru-sal. Illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have each a neatly engraved heading. Price, $1.00 With "Sentinel" 1 year, - - 1.50 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. In the Heart of the Sierras By Col. J. M. Hutchings. The most authentic and intensely interesting description of the Yosemite Valley and Big Tree Groves of California ever written. It contains nearly 500 pages of text, with over 150 il-lustrations, 28 of which are beautiful full-page artowes. It portrays by aid of the artist's genius and the author's facile pen the lofty mountains and charming valleys, the placid lakes and thundering cataracts, of the world-renowned Yosemite. The mission of this work is to make the best possible represen-tation of the marvelous scenery and sublime natural wonders of this unque region. Fine English Cloth, embossed in jet and gold - Fine English Cloth, embossed in jet and gold, gold edges Full sheep, library style, marbled edges - - Full morrocco, gold edges - - THE SENTINEL ONE YEAR FREE to the Purchaser of a Copy of this Book. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 BOND STREET, Ł Ł NEW YORK CITY. XIII. XIV. I CORINTHIANS. 459 13 Eav raic yViaaatc ri6v civgetnrwv XaXt5 Kai .17,2,  ,If with the tongues of men 1 speak and ItyyPow, ay67,71v..8i 0.60., 14yova xaXKbg ljxthv 4) of angels, but love have not, I have become 'brass 'sounding or Kb itit3aXov ciXaXgov. 2 Picai Utz," gra TrpoOipEiav, Kai Elan) a 'cymbal 'clanging. And if I have prophecy, and know ra ,u.Varlipta mivra sal riicav rip yvtlicrtv, gical id/A gra 'mysteries 'all ', and all knowledge, and if I have tirtiaav rnv Triartv, eacrre bpi 'ittE9tar6vEtv,11  ciyciirnv.ag ' all faith, so as mountains to remove, . but love H.gXel, Sobt9iv" situ. 3 tKai lava vl,bmuiato" ir6tvra ra have not, nothing I am. And if I give away in food all i,7r6pxovret.,uov, wKai letvii  irapa6Z riLai,i,uci.p.ov ova xKav0;7- my goods, and if I deliver up my body that I may be rwliat,i' eqim71v.6i tj_gra, Y obeivIl 60eXcii pa t: 4 'H diality burned, but love have not, nothing I am profited. Love paKpoOvpii, xpnarskrar ii etyetirai ob.91X01. ' zi dycir-nu o' has patience, is kind; love is not envious;, love 'not wErrspEVErat, oky5vologirat, 5 obic.sicrriuovei, ov_e,nra rtt 'is vain-glorious, is not puffed up, acts not unseemly, seeks not the things ialtrik, ob_7rapot'Vvsrat, ov_Xoyisrat re KaKov, 6 ab.xaiest of its own, is not quickly provoked, reckons not evil, - rejoices not iri 7 ij ciamict, aavyxaipuli.ei 1-".  anOsict, 7 76/7,7a ariyst, ,at unrighteousness, but rejoices with the truth ; all things covers, TrIvra mamba, 7rTivra hArist, 7ravra inrottSvet. 8 'H ay6.7rq all things believes, all things hopes, all things endures. Love obOhrors biK7rbrr•1.11  eirs_qi" rpoppsiat, icarapriOciaovratŁ never fails; but whether prophecies, they shall be done away ; sirs lAt5crcat, rabaovrcaŁ Ł E1TE 771Ci6ir, KarapynOlicrerat. whether tongues, they shall cease ; whether knowledge it shall be done away. 9 iK.,uipovc_yae 71v6aKottsv, Kai ile itipovc 7p001)7f750/261,Ł For in part we know, and in part we prophesy ; 10 i/Talqi VA? rb riXetov, drcirs" rO be iuSpovg tear- .but when may come that which is perfect, then that in part shall be apriOimerat. 11 'Ore ntniv virrtoc, ears vnirtoc iNciXovv," fk done away. 'When I was en infant, as -an infant I spoke, as 74/71-10c I0p6vovv, eq. virrtog 1XcluVi171v" iirs_g(30 -74yova an infant I thought, as an infant I reasoned; but when I became liviip, KariwynKa ra raj vipriov. 12 f3X17ropEv:yezp is man, I did away with the things of the infant. For we see i. aprt ze icr67rrpov iv aiviypar‚  I, T6mai 7rp6auprov irp6c now through a glass obscurely, but then face to 7rpflOW7r0V.  lion lavoiaKto iic itgpovg, 7-67-ai 17rirlaia0ital face; now I know in part, but then I shall know .KaO(Lc Kai irsyvt;m0)iv. 13 vvvi.Ji idVEL 7r10-71C, Vorig, according as also I have been known. And now abidei faith, hope, ityc'ung ta.rpia.raiiraŁ taicov..Ji robrow 4 ciycirq. love ; . these three things ; but the greater of these (is] love. 14 Aubiare rip/ aycirnitnX(ii-iTE.ei re, rya) pariKet Pursue love, and be emulous of spirituals, ,., IletXX01/_& 'iva IrpoOpEinps. 2 b.yelp AaXetiv -yXcacurp, obtc "but rather that ye may prophesy. For he that speaks with a tongue, not P Kay LA. q Ray TrA: r ,LreetcrTcivar. LyTe. a  oinWv COW, t sae LTrA. V gaV LA. s gavelicroy-at. I shall be bUilled T. Y DDOel, T. ii-yo.trq] 1.TrA a wee- T. b vial-TEL LTTrA. °I.Sei Tr. d Š TOTE Vipiltn LTTrAW, t Zlvagatig yiprios, iiioys‚op.nv a a rijrcos LTTr4. Si but VrTsA. $2.75 3.25 3.50 4.75 men and of angels, au l have not charity, Ian] become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal. 2 And though I have the wit of pro-phecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not cha-rity, I am nothing. 3 And though I be-stow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not charity, it pi'ofiteth me nothing. 4 Charity suffereth long, and is kind; charity envieth not ; charity vaunteth not itself, is not puff-ed up, 5 doth not be-have itself unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil ; 6 re-joiceth not in iniquity, but rojoiceth in the truth ; 7 beareth all things, belietiith ail things, hopeth all things, endureth all things, 8 Charity never faileth but whether there be prophecies, they shall fail ; whe-ther there be tongues, they shall cease' whe-ther acre be kuovr-ledge, it shall vanish away. 9 For we know in part, and we pro-phesy in part. 10 But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be doss away. 11 When I was a add, I spoke as a child, understood as a child, I thought as a child : but when I became a man,I put away child-ish things. 12 For now we see through a glass, darkly; but then face to face: now I know in part; but then shall I know even as also I amnow known.aieth  13 faith, nAd i tnh,  hope, _charity, these three ; but the great-est of these is charity. XIV. Follow after charity, and desire spiritual gifts,  but rather that ye may prophesy. 2 For he that speaketh in an un-known tongue speak-eth not unto men, but A Sample Page. 