DECEMBER 19, 1895. A.MIEIELICAW 397 compromise over the question of slavery in the United States; but under it that evil con-tinued and grew until it involved the country in a most terrible civil war. There is no principle which justifies a compromise between good and evil; and as a mere matter of policy, we may well beware of compromising with this curse of mankind; lest by it the curse be made stronger rather than weaker. FROM A ROMAN CATHOLIC. Ix the course of a speech made in Baltimore on Thanksgiving Day by " Father" Stafford, the occasion being the raising of the stars and stripes over a Catholic parochial school, " Father " Stafford took occasion to give full recognition to the principle of separation be-tween Church and State. He said :Š When the Roman Empire fell and Europe had to be reorganized, Church and State became more or less mixed, and the clergy, being almost the only people with any knowledge, were from the necessity of the case forced into civil life. It was never intended that the clergy should take charge of the affairs of the State. The Divine Founder of Christianity made Church and State separate. And when this country began we turned to first principles. We decided that the one was to be su-preme in the civil order, the other supreme in the spir-itual order. The State with us has no religion, recog-nizes no church, cannot recognize any church, ought not to recognize any church, but is obliged to recog-nize that religious liberty is involved in the rights of a man as a citizen, and must protect him in the exer-cise of it, Whoever, then, impugns this privilege and denies the right of anybody or any church to their faith; whoever opposes a man in civil or business life be-cause of his religious beliefs; whoever takes from such a man the means whereby he may earn his liv-ing; whoever refuses to support him politically or otherwiseŠwhoever does these things, I say, is not an American, but a foreigner. He steals the livery of heaven to do the work of the devil; he wraps himself in the flag of liberty to establish a despotism; he pro-claims religious liberty in order to stab his brother because he does not believe as he does; he has intro-duced into our civilization the very worst forms of re-ligious hate and devilish animosity as they were found in the Old World. This is far from being "good" Catholic doctrine, but it is not for us to say that it does not represent the real sentiments of the speaker. The SENTINEL judges no man; it condemns no man; it wishes to accord to all men, Catholic or Protestant, full liberty to the most favorable construction that can be placed upon their motives. It deals with principles, and is glad to see any recognition of just principles, wherever made. And it deplores the fact that the " Protestantism" of to-day has so few representatives who are will-ing to avow themselves as plainly as does this Catholic priest in favor of the separation of the State from religion. PUSHING VERSUS DRAWING. THERE are self-styled reformers in these days of intense aggressiveness who think that the loving, drawing method of our Lord and his early disciples is obsolete. Christianity must keep up with the spirit of the age. We, too, must push things. Their idea is to get up the best machinery that they can, put plenty of power behind it, and then go ahead. They would crush opposition instead of trying to win and save the opposers. Such efforts may seem to succeed for a time. But true Gospel progress means hearts won to Christ, and you cannot win hearts by pushing. When we read of pushing in the Bible it is only in the case of vicious beasts with horns, or of men who are like them. See Ex. 21:29; 1 Kings 22:11; and Dan. 8:3. There is no  case where it speaks of pushing in any great and good enterprise. It never represents God or his prophets and apostles as pushing. On the contrary the Bride in Canticles cries: "Draw me; we will run after thee." And our Saviour said : "If I be lifted up from the earth, I will draw all men unto me." John 12: 32. The prophets were inspired to cry : "Come ;" Jesus himself said : " Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden," and on the last page of the Bible we read: "The Spirit and the Bride say, Come." When the Good Shepherd putteth forth his own sheep he does not drive them but "goeth before them," and they follow. The whole spirit of the gos-pel is attraction. Coercion is the distinctive characteristic of false religions, of corrupt Christianity. The true disciples of Christ never persecute; they are not wont to push with their horns like the ox in Ex. 21: 29. Like their divine Master, they are meek and patient. They do not strive, but are gentle unto all men. See 2 Tim. 2: 24.ŠSel. MEANING OF THE SOCIAL COMPACT. [By Addison Blakely, Ph. D., Lecturer in Political Science and History, University of Chicago.] THE social compact is a fact, not a theory. The political state is a condition, not an idea. Government is a reality, not an abstraction. Whence, then, their origin? There can be no settled condition among rational men unless there exist certain understandings between them. For instance : no man, much less any considerable body of men, will quietly submit to insult, injury, and death without remon-strance. None there are who will give up all that is desirable in life, and quietly ac-quiesce. What, then, is the necessary conclusion? That the present state of social peace is con-clusive evidence that the people making up the State do understand, as between each other, that they will, as a result of the State, neither be insulted, injured, nor relinquish that which is most desirable in life. In other words, they " understand " that the State and Government is to be for the benefit of each and all, and that therefore they acquiesce in its purposes and work. And this " under-standing " is what constitutes the " social compact." " Although the old idea of a compact be-tween the government and the people be justly exploded," says Madison in his writings, "the idea of a compact among those who are par-ties to a government is a fundamental princi-ple of free government. The original com-pact is the one implied or presumed, but nowhere reduced to writing, by which a people agree to form one society. The next is a compact, here for the first time reduced to writing, by which the people in their social state agree to a government over them. These two compacts may be considered as blended in the Constitution of the United States, which recognizes a union or society of States, and makes it the basis of the government formed by the parties to it." " It must not be forgotten that compact," Madison again says, " express or implied, is the vital principle of free governments, as contradistinguished from governments not free, and that a revolt against this principle leaves no choice but between anarchy and des-potism." The Government of the United States, like all governments free in their prin-ciples, rests on compact; a compact, not be-tween the government and the parties who formed it and live under it, but among the  parties themselves; and the strongest of gov-ernments are those in which the compacts were most fairly formed and most faithfully executed." The question then arises, What are the moral limitations of society? and, What are the legal limitations on government arising from this understanding or compact? Evi-dently, that such action shall be taken, and, such action only, as will secure the carrying out of that which would induce individualŠand thus generalŠacquiescence; or, in other words, individual desire generalized, or that which is wanted by each and all; which re-solves itself into the term, " equal rights," or justice. Hence, to secure rights, to establish justice, governments are instituted among men. Equal rights, though, forbid that any one should have any less legal right than any other one. Therefore, wrong to any is impossible. Hence the maxim, " The king [or State] can do no wrong." Government is forever legally prohibited from doing any injustice. Each one's rights, therefore, are entirely beyond in-terference on the part of the State. The lib-erties of none are curtailed by the advent of government, nor are one's rights in the least affected. To government is merely granted the authority before possessed in severalty of defending and protecting the rights which nature gives. Madison states this specifically : " The sov-ereignty of the society, as vested in and exer-cisable by the majority, may do anything that could be rightfully done by the unanimous concurrence of the members; the reserved rights of individuals [conscience, for exam-ple], in becoming parties to the original com-pact being beyond the legitimate reach of sov-ereignty, wherever vested or however viewed." By the social compact, then, the State is forever prohibited from interfering, not only with religions questions in general, but with the Sunday question in particular. If one individual, apart from government, has not the right to impose upon another the observ-ance of a sabbath, by the formation of gov-ernment, no such right can be delegated. Sunday legislation is, therefore, contrary not only to the Constitution, but is contrary to the foundation principles of society itself; and every new statute interfering with freedom in Sunday observance is merely another blow di-rected against the foundations of our political system. Empire after empire has fallen be-cause of interference with the people's liberties, and no structure can stand when the founda-tions be destroyed. A PARTICULAR DAY. BY M. C. -WILCOX. THOSE who observe the first day of the week as the Sabbath frequently accuse those who observe the seventh day of laying undue stress on a particular day. It is called a secondary consideration, haggling over trifles, etc. But who has been more particular about the par-ticular day than the Lord himself ? Did he not rest on a particular day of the seven ? Did he not bless a particular day,Šthe seventh of the cycle ? Did he not set apart that particular day ? Gen. 2 : 1-3. Did he not specially and clearly indicate that particular day by a three-fold weekly miracle for forty years ? Exodus 16. Did he not make that particular day the first religious institution of which the Bible gives us record? Did he not make it the memorial of his creative power, of his won-drous works for the children of men ? Ps. 