THE A. MERICA.N SENTINEL. 189 those taught by that church; and this would manifestly not conduce to great harmony, but the decision would be given in that jurisdiction, and the Protestant would be taxed for the privilege of sending his children to the public schools to be there taught the principles of the religion of the Catholic Church. If the decision should be the other way, the Catholic, the Jew, and the un-believer would be taxed for the privilege of having his children taught a religion he did not believe. In either case the exaction would be unjust, against natural right, and wholly subversive of religious liberty. Such a condition could not fail to breed discord and discontent and produce a disorderly state of society. What is the trouble with our state of society and system of government as it now is? I affirm that there is no trouble except that which arises from a disposition of impracticable people to make men better by legislative enactment; to reform men by law. If a man, because of vicious dis-position, or because of unbelief, will not observe the moral laws of the Christian religion, it is their assumed religious duty to compel him to do so by law. No man was ever made better in his nature be-cause of his being required by penal law to do a particular thing, or to refrain from any immoral act. Men are not reformed with clubs. The State can deal with men only by the law of force; and through the agency of force reformation is im-possible, because of man's very nature. Every in-telligent being has a spiritual nature, and in all Matters relating to his moral conduct, with a view to reformation, and in all matters of religion, he must be reached through this higher and better nature. The moving power of Christianity is the law of love. The man who is impelled to ac-knowledge Christ through fear of eternal punish-ment is not a Christian. As the church has ad-vanced with the intelligence of the people, and hrought itself to the full recognition of this uni-versal law of love, which is the foundation of the Christian religion, it has advanced in power and influence, and has a firmer hold upon the hearts and affections of the people. - Laws which assume to regulate men's conduct in accordance with the moral laws of the Chris-tian religion are not respected or enforced when enacted. It may not be known to all of you that we have now, and have had for many years, a law to prohibit profanity. The law in sub-stance is as follows : " Whoever being over four-teen years of age profanely curses, swears, avers, or imprecates by or in the name of God, Jesus Christ, or the Holy Ghost, is guilty of profanity and shall be fined three dollars." It will be seen that the law prohibits swearing in private as well as in publics  If the good citi-zen in the privacy of his own wood-shed, strikes at the nail in his hand, and hits the nail attached to his thumb, and, under the impulse of the moment, gives utterance to the words which first suggest themselves to him, he may be fined. This law has been in force since 1855, aid its en-forcement has been so generally omitted that its existence as a law is not generally known. It would hardly stand a constitutional test, but it has not been questioned, presumably -because it has never been in anybody's way. If the fines for all violations of this statute could be collected for only one day immediately succeeding any gen-eral election, there would be little use for any pro-vision for school funds by direct taxation. Not-withstanding the general violation of this law,  there has never been any general demand for its enforcement, and it seems to me the reason for this may be found in the recognized fact, that such law is not in harmony with our system of penal laws and the theory of government upon which they rest; that profanity is a sin against dod, and that it is an offense affecting the person offending, and for which he should be held an-swerable to his God, and not to the State. . . . The national character will correspond with the character of the people composing the Nation, and if there is a tendency away from religious ob-servance in public affairs; if there is too little re-gard for moral and Christian character in the selection of the officers chosen to administer public affairs, the fault is not in our system of government or in our laws, but is in the Christian people of the country who fail in their duty in, and attention to, governmental affairs. I have no sympathy with religious teaching, which is entirely ethereal, and removes a man from active participation in the affairs of this life, but I am a believer in that kind of religion which takes hold of, and gives character to, all the affairs of life; that requires the same punctuality in the observance and performance of his duties as a man and citizen as in the duties pertaining to his spiritual life. If the good Christian people will repudiate the idea that politics is a dirty pool, which contam-inates all who enter, and will, with Christian in-telligence, exert the power to which their numbers and influence entitle them, in all affairs of govern-ment, there will be no doubt as to the national character, and there will be no difficulty in im-pressing the religious character of the people upon our laws and public observances, and there will be found ample room for all advancement in the character of our laws and those who execute them, which can be demanded by the intelligent Christian sentiment of the country within the wise limits placed in our fundamental law for the equal liberty and protection of all.ŠHon. John L. Rupe, Richmond, Ind. The Law in Illinois against Saloons Being Kept Open on Sunday. THE so-called National Reform party, which is now putting forth such strenuous efforts to se-cure civil enactments compelling the better ob-servance of Sunday, offers as evidence of the neces-sity of such laws, the argument that saloons are kept open on Sunday, and that the people are powerless to prevent it. But, say they, secure to us the power delegated by such bills as that of Senator Blair, and we will have a lever by which we can compel every saloon to close its doors on Sunday. But in this State of Illinois a law already ex- ists which is sufficiently rigid to meet the demands of the case. It reads as follows:Š " Whoever keeps open any tippling-house, or place where liquor is sold or given away, upon the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, shall be fined not exceeding $200."ŠHurd's Revised Statutes of 1885, page 424, section 259, This law is explicit enough, if properly en-forced, to close every saloon in the State. No saloon-keeper could afford to pay a fine of two hundred dollars imposed on him for opening his place of business. This is evident to all. Then the only reason why the saloons are open on Sun-day is because the statute laws are not enforced. Now if the laws already in existence are not enforced, why enact others ? Would they be any  more rigidly enforced, or help the matter in any way?ŠCertainly not. They too would be a dead letter on the statute books. And why are not National Reformers crying out for the enforcement of those laws already in existence, instead of seeking to tinker up the Constitution and get more legislation on the same subject ? While I believe that the saloons should be closed, not only on Sundays but all the time, I am confident that this is not the cherished object sought by the Reformers. The burden which rests upon their soulapis that of securing religious legislation. This hue and cry about the saloons is simply a pretext behind which to hide the real character of their,  wicked work. Their real ob-ject is to so change the Constitution that religious liberty may be abridged, and all classes compelled by law to render homage to Sunday, and any other dogmas that the church, inflated by civil power, may see fit to fulminate. GEO. B. TaomPsoN. Willow Hill. Ill. Under the Veil. [Should anyone be inclined to think the following article too severe on the popular churches, we would remind them that the writer, to use his own words in an article in a late number of the SENTINEL, " for the last eighteen years has been a minister of a church which adheres strictly to the observance of the first day of the week." So we take it for granted that he knows whereof he speaks.ŠEn.] IN connection with the question of religious legislation, it may not be amiss to pull aside the gauze that veils those " orthodox " churches which have arrayed themselves against the free- dom of conscience guaranteed by the Constitu-tion of our country. Talk about the " noisy Sabbath-breakers ; " I have witnessed in the festivals, or bacchanalian feasts, of some churches, proceedings that assumed the attitude of reveling and abominable idolatry, which was a great deal worse than Sabbath-breaking, because it was done in the name of religion. It is all right in their estimation to place brass rings (passed for gold) in cakes, and sell chances; to put up young ladies for sale at auction ; run lotteries ; raffle for wax dolls and other foolish things, in the churches. But if it is done anywhere else, especially on Sunday, away they go to Caesar and petition him for a law to stop the " desecration." I have seen these very Christians go from saloon to saloon begging for money to pay the pastor. So long as they continue such God-dishonoring practices they will make slow work of reforming others. Give me a million dollars, and if I were so. inclined, I could run a saloon and gambling-den, race horses, swear, drink whisky, move in the most fashionable society, be-long to the most popular church in the land, and be greeted as one "sound in the faith." I know that some of those churches that are striving to have their dogmas sustained by the Government are doing more harm in the world than downright infidelity. There are things practiced in some of the churches that are asking for the aid of human legislation, which would make the angels of perdition shout for joy. But because the world is cursed by the continual en-croachments of the seven-headed beast and his numerous images, it will not do to arraign the religion of Jesus Christ as being in any way re- sponsible for the counterfeit. Mr. Ingersoll may truthfully expose the vagaries of much of the sectarian folly, but I protest against his charging 