THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 693 boldly 'avowed before a committee of Congress by Rev. Dr. McAllister, a prominent National Reformer, March I I, 1896. At that time Doctor McAllister said, " We must interpret the Bible." And again, at the same hearing, Doctor McAllister said: " In such cases the individual conscience must yield to the conscience of the whole people, which is over him, and should be over him in order to en-force what is right, but which can be over him only by recognizing the Lord's supreme authority over the nation." Much more might be quoted, both fro.in the two gentlemen named and from other representative National Reformers, but enough has been given to show that Mr. Foster and those who are of the same way of thinking regard the Constitution as immoral solely because it recognizes the right of every man to relate himself to God as he deems most fitting, and does not confer authority upon any man nor upon any set of 'men to -dictate to others in matters of religious faith or practice. These men have a perfect right not to vote, but they ought to be able to give a more rational and more liberal reason for their course than that given by Mr. Foster. B. THE PAPACY AND PROGRESS.ŠI. REV. THOMAS H. MALONE, in his article of dis-sent from'Catholic federation in the October North American Review, to which attention was called in these columns recently, while declaring such action to be " pernicious in itself," puts forth as his chief objection that it will "prove injurious to Cath-olics," and- is " likely to react upon Catholics everywhere." He considers the loyalty of Catholics to American institutions as beyond question, but in view of the fact that" ruthless and malign has been the misrepresentation in certain quarters of the spirit of Catholic citizens," such movements as that being forwarded by Bishop-McFaul are very unwise because they give excuse for certain " fanatics " to continue their " groundless attacks." In discussing this point Mr. Malone says: " Catholics owe it to themselves to avoid giving, by their attitude or their acts, even the semblance of probability to the statements of those who, when talking about them, argue from-the viewpoint of the Middle Ages, and picture Catholics doing now what Catholics did then. Enlightened non-Catholics re-alize full well. that non-Catholics in the Middle Ages  did many things which their coreligionists would not do now, and appreciate_ clearly' that Catholics have not been left out in the grand march of prog-ress, which has, brought with it new ideas, new in-terests, and new ways of looking at things. " In the Middle Ages and the period of the Reformation politics and religion were almost one. To-day men, whether Catholics or Protestants, sepa-rate their politics and religion. * * * " At the present time * * * the best of our citizens, those who have helpedŠto make this coun-try what it is and will continue to assist in her prog-ress on broad humanitarian lines, have no fear of 'the Catholic element of-our citizenship, which has been with us since the beginning and has thrown itself nobly into the common struggle. " These people know that we are all ' brothers under the_ skin,' and whatever has happened,in past ages, both sides were to blame, and both have learned the lesson of tolerance, liberality, and na-tionality, and it is not for us, to throw into each-other's faces the blood they then spilled, and which has long since cried to heaven for vengeance." Some Questions. Now the writer has no desire to quarrel with Mr. Malone, nor to make any attacks upon Cath-olics, " groundless " or otherwise. He does not de-sire to question the loyalty of Catholics nor to say that they have " been -left out in the grand march of progress." The statements of Mr. Malone may be, and doubtless are, true with reference to great num-bers of Catholics as individuals, but certainly he is mistaken if he means that his language-  shall be taken as applying to the Catholic Church, itself. Has the Papacy " learned the lesson of tolerance "? Has she learned to" separate politics and religion "? Has, she kept, up with the grand march of pro-gress "? Has she learned " new ways of looking at things"? Will she not do now what she did in the Middle Ages?' These are vital questions that are suggested by the language of Mr. Malone. _ In securing satisfactory answers to these ques- tions it is unnecessary to go back to Torquemada and the Inquisition, to St. Bartholemew and the re, joicings of Gregory XIII., to the Duke of Alva and the wholesale murder of Protestants in  the Nether- lands, to the Dragonade and Louis XIV., or to the thunders of the papal pontiffs against the Albigen- ses and and Waldenses. These are, indeed, things that can not be blotted from human memory, but we turn elsewhere for the attitude of the Papacy to-day. 