THE; AlViRICAN SENTINtL. 291 for my name's sake: but he that end ureth to the end shall be saved." Then shall they deliver you up to be afflicted, and _ shall kill you; and ye shall be hated of all nations for my name's sake." " They shall put you out of the synagogues: yea, the time cometh, that whosoever killeth you will think that he doeth God service." "Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution." In contrast with these statements of Scripture read the following from No. 2 of the Sabbath Reform, a quarterly, edited by Rev. W. F. Crafts, and pub-lished by the Authors' Publishing Com-pany :Š To officers and owners of railroads: We urge upon all Christian and humane owners and man agers of railroads, separately and jointly, to ask.  Congress and State legislatures to eliminate the only real obstacle to the complete suspension of Sunday trains, namely, competition, by enacting laws forbidding all Sunday trains, except in cases of mercy and necessity. In another article in the same paper, we read further :Š The only real obstacle to suspending Sunday railroading is competition, which Congress can and would remove speedily if such a man as Cornelius, Vanderbilt would add his powerful influence to the great petition at Washington. When an advocate for a Sunday law,  urges that all competition be taken away from those whom he would have keep Sunday, he is either acknowledging that.  Sunday lacks divine authority, and, hence, if sustained must have the power of the &Ate, or else he is seeking to evade the path of self-denial that Christ has said all his followers must tread. Where does the great Founder of Christianity com-mission his ambassadors to labor to have competition removed so that men may follow him at no personal sacrifice ? But this is the logic of the whole Sun day-law theory. They want Sunday laws so, that men may keep that day without any inconvenience, or loss of position, and thus make it easy for men to be Chris-tians. The promise of Christ is, " Every one that forsaketh houses, or brethren, or, sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or lands, for my name's sake, shall receive a hundredfold, and shall in-herit everlasting life." The man who be-, lieves that Sunday is the Sabbath, and yet his convictions are not strong enough to lead him to give up a job of work to fol-low Christ, would not bear up under the reverses that every Christian must meet in perfecting his character. Christ's promise is, that if we forsake the things " of this world that conflict with forming the image of his character, that he will care , for us. To believe what he says -means to take his promises as he gives them, and render to him the most perfect obedience, without waiting for civil law to so regulate things that he will have no competition." There are a good many of our:fellow-citizens who believe that ecclesiasticism is making the same advances and apostate  progress in this country that it did in the Roman Empire in the first centuries of the Christian era. And perhaps nothing would be a more fitting conclusion to the foregoing thoughts than the following quotation from the historian Gibbon:Š The Church still continued to increase its out-ward splendor as it lost -its internal purity, and, in the reign of Diocletian, the palace, the courts of justice, and even the army, concealed a multitude of Christians, who endeavored to reconcile the in-terests of the present with those of a future life. History records the results; namely, apostasy, and there is no reason to hope that like causes will not produce like fruit now. A. 0. TAIT. What Will Curse-It. COLONEL SHEPARD is reported as saying that if the doors of the World's Fair are opened on Sunday, " the Lord will curse the enterprise." Upon this the World remarks that-- This ridiculous person who professes to hold such intimate relations with the Almighty prophe-sied a descent of the Divine wrath upon the Metro-politan Museum should the Trustees vote to open the doors of that institution on Sunday. The beautiful and refining collection of art has now been open to public inspection for many weeks. Yet none of the pictures have shrivelled in their frames; the mummies have not burst their cere-ments and walked forth; the noble marbles and casts have not been hurled from their pedestals by an earthquake. The Museum has simply more nearly fulfilled its mission as an educator of the people and has had more orderly and interested visitors on Sunday than on all the rest of the week. The fact that no evil has as yet befallen the Museum proves nothing; but the dis-position shown by Colonel Shepard and his co-laborers in their so-called " Sab-bath reform," does prove that they are' utterly unworthy to be trusted with any power whatever over their fellow-men. Men who are so ready to invoke the wrath of God against those who do not please them, are just as ready to supplement that wrath with civil penalties in case it seems to them to be too long delayed. It' is the threatened Christian (?) boycott Ł that is to curse the Fair in case its gates are opened on Sunday. The Political "Atheist." IT has ever been the custom of persons who have been fighting to maintain the crumbling theories of Church and State, to call their opponents " atheists." It is done to=day (especially by Sunday-law ad-vocates) and it was done by the enemies of American institutions a century ago. Our, good old "fathers,"Š Washington and his co-laborersŠhad to receive the appellation over and over again. Madison, in one of his essays; gives an illustration of the common anti-constitu-tional style of argument then, which sounds very like that of the religio-po-litieal reformer of to-day iŠ " You are destitute, I perceive," says the anti-.  republican, ",of everY quality of a good citizen, or  rather, a good subject. You have neither the light of faith nor the spirit of obedience. I denounce you to the Government, as an accomplice of athe-ism and anarchy." And so saying he (the anti-republican) let the argument drop, presumably be-cause he thought that calling American principles "atheism and anarchy" was at once both the strongest argument and se-verest chastisement that he could give them. Devoid of Reason. COMMENTING upon certain arguments in favor of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, the Chicago Journal, of the 4th inst., says:Š - Dr. Henson simply trifled with the sub-ject. This city is to entertain in July and August, 1893, thousands and thou-sands, perhaps millions, of visitors. Ev-ery hotel and private hostelry will be filled to repletion, and the weather may be very warm. Yet Mr. Henson proposes that on Sundays the multitude be invited to " take a rest " ! That is, he would have them sit all day in their narrow and overcrowded lodgings and fan themselves instead of seeking recreation and refresh-ment in Jackson Park. The idea is totally void of reason or good sense, and savors of religious bigotry. Even the proposed religious and educa-tional gatherings do not meet the case at all. There will be countleSs people here who take no more pleasure in such meet-ings, especially in warm weather, than Dr. Henson takes in a game of euchre; and there is no more justice nor propriety in excluding them from their chosen form of recreation than there would be in ex-cluding Dr. Henson from the pulpit. The coolness with which the Sabbatarians pro-fess to make everybody a Christian in 1893 by force of law is injurious to the cause of religion, and is beginning to ex-cite some indignation. Still, it should be understood that the Journal is conservative on this subject. There may be due something of respect to ultra-religious sentiment. But a different line of argument, if there is one, should be adopted by the Sabbatarians, in their efforts to enforce their views. Thus far they have presented little but fallacies. "The Flag and the Cross." THE sentiments quoted in THE SENTINEL of September 3, from the Youth's Com-panion, and the Christian Advocate, that "the flag represents religion," call to mind a lecture given years ago by a pop-ular clergyman in Concord, New Hamp-shire, to a " full and delighted andience," who manifested their approbation by " fre-quent applause." Said he :Š The flag and the cross is my theme to-night. The cross is the symbol of our religion. It-re-minds us of the fatherhood of God; the brother hood -of man, the sacrifice of.  Christ— the rederap- 