AMERICAN SENTIN EL. 591 the universe that could only be held by God. Had it been possible for Lucifer to have dethroned omnipotent Love, that moment of his success would have been the moment of universal overthrow and disaster, and he would have perished in the ruin he wrought. Yet so de-ceived was he that he said, "I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. . . . I will be like the Most High." Isa. 14:12, 13, 14. INWARD LIKENESS THE OBJECT AND DESIRE OF GOD. Infinite Love desires that every creature shall be like the Most High. Had Lucifer truly desired to be like the Most High in his intrinsic nature, no rebellion would have marred the peace of heaven. To be like the Most High is to be love, and love turns the attention to others, forgetting self. It is the very nature of love to pour out blessing on others, blest in so doing. He who is like the Most High in deed and in truth is an almonerŠa love-giver, a bestower of comfort, a fount of consolation; for the Most High is the "Father of mercies, the God of all comfort." GIVEN UP TO A VILE AFFECTION. This, Lucifer had once known, but he chose that which led to self, which led to the conception of doubt of God's infinite meekness and kindness. When he knew in-finite Love, he glorified him not as infinite Love, neither was thankful, but became vain in his imagination, and his foolish heart was darkened and given up to a vile affection. Rom. 1:21. This vile affection (the founda-tion of all others) was the love of self. Self-love origi-nated in that first turning away from infinite Love. The next step was self-pity. Doubt of infinite Love brings this disposition in and charges God with injustice. When Peter tried to induce the Saviour to turn from Calvary by bidding him pity himself, Jesus said that which is intrinsically true, "Thou savorest not the things that be of God." No self-pity can enter into the heart of infinite Love, nor into the heart of him who implicitly trusts in infinite Love. Pity of self led to a desire for the pity of others, and to the opening up of his supposed grievances, and many angels, though having no reason for so doing, fol-lowed the great angel's course, and were led to take the same steps as he had, until they were alienated in heart from God, and there was division in heaven. THE END KNOWN ONLY TO INFINITE LOVE. Infinite Love forbade the extinction of these self-de. ceived creatures; for heaven wavered and waited, not knowing what malignity, cruelty, horror, and death, was wrapped up in the principle that had wrought al-ready the first sorrow in the heart of the Omniscient. God alone knew the outcome. Cast out of heaven by their own self-wrought destiny, they bound themselves in chains of darkness. They were not hindered from assail-ing the hosts of the universe with their misconceptions; for full liberty of speech was theirs. The law of love, while forbidding the action as against themselves and the universe, in another sense did not forbid their liberty  to try the hearts of all. To love, nothing is worthy save that which will stand the test. God could not but afford to wait. Clouds of doubt as it were, rolled through the fair creation, but those who looked for light had light, and stood loyal to God, reassured of his love, and sharers of his rest of spirit. Those who doubted were filled with unrest and bitterness. Though the first working of the self-principle was manifested at first in persuasion rather than force, yet it used in that persuasion false reasoning and misstate-ments, and laid the foundation for that which afterward followed,Šthe use of force to coerce opinion and action. There was war in heaven, the beginning of all the long years of bloodshed and horror that have cursed the cre-ation, proving that in the self-principle is wrapped up lust, war, cruelty, and death; and in infinite Love, the irresistible force that conquers through meekness and long-suffering. F. B. Studies in French History. Š39. "So IT would, Joseph," answered Professor Carman, "but you see the league was not so 'holy' in character as in name." "I wonder what became of those poor little boys over in Madrid; were they there yet?" asked Milly Brown. "0 yes; and there they had to remain for four miser-able years, until their father and King Charles had enough of war, and finally made peace through the medi-ationŠnot of the popeŠbut of Francis' mother, and Charles' aunt. This agreement went by the name of the `Ladies' Peace,' and lasted long enough for the little princes to be returned safe and sound, and for Francis to give up Italy entirely; on the other hand, the king of Spain was to give his sister in marriage to the French king." "I suppose the poor lady's wishes did not count for anythingŠwhether she was willing or not," said Julia March. "0 no; that was a small- consideration. When two kings decided upon any such question, everything went as they wished. Though such shameless barter in human beings seems almost equal to the dark days in this land, before the Proclamation of Emancipation gave sweet freedom to the poor slaves. "This peace, however, lasted only a few short years, for the fickle and ambitious Francis again sets out with an army to recover MilanŠwhich it seems so hard for him to give upŠregardless utterly of his treaty." "Well, I imagine that this must have made King Charles furious, for he didn't have any too lamblike a temper, himself," said Joe Palmeter. "0 yes, he was very angry, and vowed he would make Francis repent it. So he enters France at once with his army, and devastation and famine follow in his steps." "My sympathy is almost always with the French,' 