334 ALTSIJEIL-LICA._N VOL. 10, No. 42. The incidents here related are in line with many similar outrages which have been per-petrated in Tennessee, Georgia, Maryland, and other southern States, and even in some of the New England States. It is purely re-ligious persecution of the most contemptible kind, by people who must be devoid of all true Christian principle, and who take tech-nical advantage of an Old law, the spirit of which was never in accordance with such purpose. Such abuse of law and liberty is a mockery of the civilization and intelligence of free America. It is bringing reproach and shame upon the communities that tolerate it, and should not be countenanced by any self-respecting people. The press of the country should turn such scorching blasts upon these satanic persecutors that they would not only fear to longer insult common decency, but would be recognized in their true character as public enemies, and shunned as agents of evil. Enlightened public opinion in the United States will never indorse such persecution, and laws which are so imperfect or unjust as to permit it must ultimately be repealed. Political freedom can only be compatible with religious freedom. Persecution for con-science' sake is not consistent with the senti-ment that upholds the " Stars and Stripes." RUSSIAN DESPOTISM. [Christian Advocate, Oct. 10.] A UKASE has been issued at St. Petersburg forbidding any Hebrew to embrace the Chris-tian faith unless his wife, children, brothers and parents do so as well. This curious law is designed to circumvent the Jews who had the habit of sacrificing one of the family to the Russian Church, and thereby of acquiring for all the other members a right of earning a living, on the ground that they are all em-ploy& in a business conducted by the convert. They are also forbidden to join either the Roman Catholic or the Protestant Church. This is based on the theory that the Greek is the only trae Church, and also that the legal privileges that the Jews are to get as a result of joining it should not be conferred by join-ing an opposition church. Russia will do as it pleases, without regard to the sentiments of the rest of the world. Ł -Ł10Ł  SUNDAY-LAW ABSURDITIES. THE World, of the 15th inst., had the fol-lowing item Three men were brought as prisoners to the Essex Market Police Court yesterday, for having sold um-brellas on Sunday. It rained on Sunday. Every man, woman and child who was in New York on that day will remember that it rained. It poured. It came down in buckets, cart-loads, rivers, lakes, and, some say, oceans. It was the sort of rain that burrows its way through your water-proof and, when it reaches your skin, trickles down in fiendish drops. It rained in the morning, it rained in the afternoon, it rained at night. It rained outrageously. Three friends of humanity, Keil Silverman, Wolf Popkin and Benjamin Lavine, stood in that rain and sold umbrellas. When they were brought to court they pleaded that they were poor and that the few cents they had earned would buy food for their fam-ilies. " Besides," said Silverman, " it was raining very hard and the umbrellas came in handy." Yet each of them was fined $1. At the same moment street cars were run-ning and railroad trains were thundering into the city. Tobacconist shops and candy stores were open and fruit stands were doing busi-ness, because these things are considered nec- essary even on Sunday, especially the tobacco. Bnt an umbrella is quite another thing. Cigars and tobacco must be had fresh on Sun-day, but the man who does not provide him-self with an umbrella when the sun shines, ought to get wet in case it rains on Sunday. Such are some of the absurdities of the New York Sunday " law." - TRUE LIBERTY. BY FANNIE BOLTON. ALL through a land of thick strewn graves, There walked the Lord of Life who saves, And softly whispered to the slaves, " Have liberty." Some at his gentle voice looked up, And caught the radiance of his hope; Some knew not that the Master spoke, Have liberty." But one with kindling faith drew near. The Saviour whispered, " Have no fear. Trust thou in me, the way is clear To liberty." And as he spoke the slave was free. The galling chain fell off, and he Followed the Master joyfully In liberty. No longer with the slaver's horde, He joined the army of the Lord. He bore a banner with this word, " True liberty." Then enemies around him drew, But all their ranks he fought straight through, And struggled upward with the few In liberty. The tempter placed upon his track Sirens to lure his footsteps back. Still facing heaven, he did not lack His liberty. Then crueler darts were on him hurled. Men hated him in all the world ; But still his banner was unfurled, " True liberty." Then prison walls around him close. Torture and shame they add to woes; But o'er the rack his banner rose, " True liberty." Then to the stake they led him on. The fagots kindled one by one; But bright his soul was as the sun, In liberty. Above the flame the people saw With dreadful fear, with sacred awe, The banner of his King, the law Of liberty. Above his ashes as they stood The people saw the cross of blood, And on it nailed. the Son of God, For liberty. And in a vision they behold The clouds withdrawn, the streets of gold, The conqueror, earth could not withhold, From liberty. No more could foes his soul harass. High near the throne they see him pass, Singing upon the sea of glass In liberty. 0 liberty of Christ, 'tis given To us as to the martyrs even. We too may conquer hell, win heaven, Have liberty. " CHRISTIAN " ENDEAVOR. THE Christian Endeavor Societies of the State of Illinois held their State convention at Bloomington, October 3 to 6. On the afternoon of the 5th, the following resolutions were offered :Š WHEREAS, The endeavors of the Barbers' Union are being exerted toward the better observance of the Christian sabbath, Be it Resolved, That we, the Illinois Christian En-deavor Union, in convention assembled, thoroughly  sympathize with their efforts for the maintenance of a half sabbath, Be it Further Resolved, That we pledge ourselves personally to cooperate with them in their observance, especially by personally refraining from patronizing barber shops on the sabbath day. Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be for-warded to the union of Chicago. " This," says the Daily Pantograph, of the 7th inst., "brought Rev. E. 0. Sharpe, pastor of the Christian Church at Say brook, to his feet, with the following amendment ":Š Resolved, That the Illinois Christian Endeavor con-vention, while heartily favoring all Christian measures for the promotion of the proper observance of the Lord's day, severely condemns the infringement by law on the religious rights of those who con-scientiously observe the seventh day as their day of rest. The amendment was voted down, and the original resolutions were unanimously adopted. This action was further emphasized later in the day by the adoption of the following:Š Resolved, That we condemn any and every foe of the sabbath day, in business, public or private life, and and that we will use all our powers and influences for a better observance of the Lord's day. " Any and every foe of the Sabbath " is broad enough, and was doubtless designed to be broad enough, to include those "foes" of the so-called sabbath (Sunday) who oppose its claims with the divine truth that " the sev-enth day is the Sabbath." At all events, by rejecting Mr. Sharp's resolution, the Y. P. S. C. E., of the State of Illinois, stands com-mitted to a denial of equal rights to observers of the seventh dayŠand they call this Chris-tian endeavor! " THE RIGHTS OF THE PEOPLE." HAVE you seen "The Rights of the People, or Civil Government and Religion " ? Have you read it? The following is the Table of Contents:Š PART I. -CIVIL GOVERNMENT AND RELIGION. Christianity and the Roman Empire. What Is Due to God, and What to Csesar. The Powers That Be. PART II. -THE RIGHTS OF THE PEOPLE. How the United States Became a Nation. What Is the Nation? Who Made the Nation ? Religious Right in the United States. Religious Right Invaded. The People's Right of Appeal. National Precedent on Right of Appeal. The Buglers, the Miners and Sappers. The Sunday-law Movement in the Fourth Century, and Its Parallel in the Nineteenth. Will the People Assert and Maintain Their Rights? Religious Right in the States. APPENDIXES. The Declaration of Independence. The Constitution of the United States. The Dred Scott Decision. The "Christian Nation" Decision. ILLUSTRATIONS. Christ or Diana ? George Washington. Thomas Jefferson. James Madison. Abraham Lincoln. Andrew Jackson. James G. Blaine. This is one of the most valuable numbers of the "Religious Liberty Library " yet issued, and is amply worth the price of a year's sub- scription. It costs however, in paper covers, only forty cents, and can be had in cloth for $1.00. It is an invaluable aid to the study of the present series of Sabbath-school lessons. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York. 