" Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JANUARY, 1886. NUMBER 1. Entered at the Post-office  in Oakland. "A Christian Nation." THE idea which is advocated by some, that this may be made a Christian nation by simply making a change in the Constitution, was thus pertinently commented upon by the Janesville, Wis., Gazette:Š " But independent of the question as to what extent we are a Christian nation, it may well be doubted whether, if the gentlemen wile .are agitating this question should succeed, they would not do society a very great injury. Such measures aro but the initiatory steps which ul-timately lead to restrictions of religious freedom, and to committing the Government to meas-ures which are as foreign to its powers and purposes as would be its action if it should undertake to determine a disputed question of theology." An Unprofitable Alliance. IN regard to the supposed benefit of the church by State patronage, or an alliance be-tween the Church and the State, Lord Macaulay speaks as follows. These words are worthy of careful consideration:Š "The ark of God was never taken till it was surrounded by the arms of earthly defenders. In captivity, its sanctity Was sufficient to vindi-cate it from insult, and to lay the hostile fiend prostrate on the threshold of his own temple. The real security of Christianity is to be found in its Ł benevolent morality, in its exquisite adaptation to the human heart, in the facility with which its scheme accommodates itself to the capacity of every human intellect, in the consolation which it bears to theŁ house of mourning, in the light with which it brightens the great mystery of the grave. To such a system it can bring no addition of dignity or of strength, that it is part and parcel of the com-mon law. "The whole history of Christianity shows, that she is in far greater danger of being cor-rupted by the alliance of power, than of being crushed by its opposition. Those who thrust temporal sovereignty upon her treat her as their prototypes treated her author. They bow the knee, and spit upon her; they cry," Hail I " and smite her on the cheek; they put a scepter in her hand, but it is a fragile reed; they crown her, but it is with thorns; they cover with pur-ple the wounds which their own hands have in-flicted on her; and inscribe magnificent titles over the cross on which they have fixed her to perish in ignominy and pain".ŠEssay on Southey's Colloquies. The American Sentinel. IT is well known that there is a large and influential association in the United States, bear-ing the name of the "National Reform Associ-ation." It is popularly known as the "Religious Amendment Party," because it is endeavoring to secure a religious amendment to the Consti-tution of the United States. As stated by the world, its object is "to put God in the Constitu-tion." According to its own avowal its aim is to procureŠ "Such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States (or its preamble) as will suitably acknowledge Almighty God as the author of the nation's existence, and the ulti-mate source of its authority, Jesus Christ as its. Ruler, and the Bible as the supreme rule of its conduct, and thus indicate that this is a Chris-tian nation, and place all Christian laws, insti-tutions, and usages, on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." The president of .this association is Hon. Felix R. Brunot, who has held that position almost from its origin. Its present list of vice-presidents, to the number of two hundred, embraces bishops of churches, judges in the highest courts in the land, governors, and repre- sentative men in various secular positions, pres- idents of colleges, doctors of divinity, and professors of theology in large numbers. In fact there is no other association in the land which can boast such an array of names of eminent and influential men. It employs its agents and lecturers, who are presenting their cause to the churches and to the people, and who almost everywhere report unbounded suc-cess in their efforts. It has also a paper, the Christian Statesman, as its organ to advocate its cause. While there are many people in the land who are opposed to, or look with suspicion upon, the movements of this party, there is no paper pub-lished in the United States, which has for its distinct object the vindication of the rights of American citizens, which, we solemnly believe, are threatened by the actions and aims of this association. That light may be disseminated on this subject, we have commenced the publi- cation of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. That such a paper as this is needed, we think we can make apparent to every individual who will read our paper, who will hold prejudice in abeyance, and examine our reasons with candor. While so many really think they are doing God service in their efforts to change the form of our Government, and we are willing to give them credit for thinking so, we are aware that they will look with disfavor upon our work; and some, who do not understand our motives  or our reasons, will be ready to class us, and all who indorse our positions, with the base of the earth, assuming that we are striking at the foundations of morality and religion. But they are much mistaken in their estimate. We promise to do or say nothing against the plainest principles of morality and religion. So far from that, we shall try to set before our readers the true relation of morality and religion, and show that this relation is not correctly pre-sented by this "amendment party." But the objector will say: " There can be no harm in recognizing Jesus Christ as the Ruler of the nation, and his laws as the rule of our lives." We know that this plea is plausibleŠwe may say it is taking with nearly all religious people. Yet it is specious; plausible in the eyes of those only who have not examined the subject in its bearings, or have not traced the end to which it necessarily leads. Let us notice some of the things which must attend the suc-cess of their efforts, and some principles bearing on the subject:- 1. The Constitution of the United States must be so amended as to permit laws to be made which shall legalize the laws and institutions of Christianity, or of that which they may claim is Christianity. They ask that these laws, in- stitutions, and usages shall be "put on a legal basis." Of course to be put on a legal basis they must be made matters of legal enforce-ment. That this is the object of that associa tion, real and avowed, we promise to clearly show. 2. To carry this amendment into effect, any person who refuses to obey the laws and usages of Christianity must be subjected to penalties for his neglect or disobedience. As no law can exist without a penalty, no institutions or usages can be placed on a legal basis without author-izing penalties for their enforcement. This is undeniable. 3. A person can be convicted of a misde-meanor only before a court of justice, on the text of the law and the hearing of evidence. 4. The court is necessarily constituted the judge and exponent of the law; and, therefore, if disagreement arises as to the meaning of the law, or as to what constitutes a misdemeanor in the premises, the court is the authority, and the sole authority, to which appeal must be made. 5. And, therefore, if a question arises as to what is or what is not Christian law, usage, or institution, it must be determined by a court of justice! Or, if it be said that it need not be left to the decision of a civil court, but such ques-tions may be referred to an ecclesiastical court, Ł -11e An2eFieal2 Betio e1. PUBLIBIIED MONTHLY, TIIB PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. 