JUNE 13, 1895. .A1011WIEUEC_4.1\1" 191 from the unexplored regions of the South Seas, or were they dated back in those puri-tanic times when New Englanders loved to burn Quakers and witches, we could make some allowance, but coming as they do from a supposed enlightened portion of the land of liberty, in an age when religious fanaticism in the form of persecution is supposed to be dead, these news items are startling. A cardinal American principle consists of permitting the worship of God according to the dictates of conscience, and for a Georgia or Mississippi law to stand unrepealed that will allow the chain-gang sentence to apply to Seventh-day Adventists is but a part of an American out-rage. were so arranged that the men were compelled in order to save themselves from fines and dismissal for imprinctuality to run cars at a speed of from fifteen to twenty miles an hour. The result was great loss of life When the contract with the Knights of Labor for the year expired, the executive committee of the Knights wanted to renew it, on terms embodying the law, regarding rate of speed and length of hours of service, and asking for an increase of wages of twenty-five cents a day. But the companies refused to treat with the committee. They wanted to rim their "own business" as they saw fit. Of course they were not to be embarrassed with such presmnptuous superflui-ties:;as certain legal enactments; but when the strike came they worshiped "law and order." The progress of the strike is then related as was told from day to day in the New York Recorder. We by no means justify the violence which charac-terized this strike, but as Mr. Richter's article shows, the lawlessness was not all on one side. OOKS FOR THE CHILDREN. WE offer the following three books as the best of their kind we have been able to find. They are pro-fusely illustrated, and the stories are told in a very simple yet highly entertaining manner. The books cannot fail to he exceedingly helpful to children in an educational way, and should be found in every home:Š LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY Has nearly 100 pages, and contains 43 Bible stories, each illustrated with a full-page picture. Size, 7x9 inches, bound in board lithograph covers. Price, by mail, post-paid, - - - $1.00 BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES THE "ARENA" FOR JUNE. ONE of the most valuable papers in the June Arena is " A Review of the Brooklyn Street Railway Strike," by G. Emil Richter. He begins at the beginning of the story. He shows that methods were used to con-solidate all the different car companies of Brooklyn into two gigantic monopolies, and he describes the elegant deal through which the inner ring in these two Companies forced the shareholders into a new combine that swindled them outright of 84,500,000. Then the squeezing process began to earn more than the five per cent. which the ring had stolen from the stockholders. The number of regular employ& was cut down by one-half, and the " tripper ' system of twenty cents a trip was introduced. By this means the men could not earn more than from sixty to eighty cents a day; but they were compelled to be in attendance fourteen to eighteen hours a day awaiting orders in order to obtain a commission. The company claimed that the ten-hour law did not cover this kind of service, and no timelor meals was allowed in their ten hours actual service. The hours of the regular service men were also lengthened in the same way and upon the same knavish technicality of legality. Then the time-tables were fixed up, and the regular men were required to make more trips in a shorter time, and the law which enacted that no car should be run at a greater speed than ten miles an hour was set aside. The time-tables .:. The Story of .:. Iteairnrsiand BY ROSALIND AMELIA YOUNG, A Native Daughter. DITCAIRN ISLAND, one of the volcanic gems of the Pacific, has been heard of wherever the English language has been spoken. The story of the working out of the problem of human life on its limited territory Reads stranger and more thrillingly In many respects than a romance. But most if not all of the tales told and books printed have either been too fragmentary, or incorrect and misleading. It will be in-teresting to the friends of that miniature world to know that An Authentic History has been written, and that by a native of the island, one to the manor born. The title of the new work appears above. It is written by Miss Rosa Young, one of the direct descendants of the mutineers of the Bounty. The book, of 256 pages, is a plain, unvarnished tale of Pit-cairn and its inhabitants from its settlement to the year 1894. It is written with a Charming Simplicity of Style which refreshes the reader and invites a continued peru-sal. This work is illustrated with 26 engravings by the half-tone process, and its 23 chapters have each a neatly engraved heading. PRICE $1.00, POSTPAID. Thousands cab be sold by those who will canvass their neighborhood. Address any State Tract Society, or Pacific Press Publishing Company, Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. New York City. STEPS TO CHRIST, By Mrs. E. G. White. We take pleasure in announcing an important and exceedingly helpful work, under the title of STEPS TO CHRIST. The rare ability of the author in the pre-sentation of Scripture truth has never been used to better advantage than in this little work. STEPS TO CHRIST is not alone suitable as a guide to the inquirer and young convert, but is rich in thought and sug-gestion for the most mature Christian. Some idea of its scope and practical character may be gathered from the following table of contents:Š THE SINNER'S NEED OF CHRIST. REPENTANCE. CONFESSION. CONSECRATION. FAITH AND ACCEPTANCE. THE TEST OF DISCIPLESHIP. GROWING UP INTO CHRIST. THE WORE AND THE LIFE. KNOWLEDGE OF GOD. THE PRIVILEGE OF PRAYER. WHAT TO DO WITH DOUBT. REJOICING IN THE LORD. The book is issued in a rich, neat cloth binding, em-bossed in silver, at 75 cents per copy; in white vellum cloth, silver edges, $1.00. Sent by mail, post-paid, on receipt of price. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. or Oakland, Cal. Has 45 full-page illustrations and an equal number of well-told Bible stories. Same style and size' as " LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GALLERY," and is really' a companion volume to it. Price, post-paid, $1.00 A mother. than whom none can be more careful and particu-lar as to what her children have to read and study, speaking of these two little books, says: "Really it is a pity that any little child -hould not have the privilege of seeing these beauti-ful full-page pictures and hearing the well-told stories." Beth " LITTLE FOLKS' BIBLE GAL-LERY" and "BIBLE PICTURES AND STORIES" will be sent to one address, post- paid, for - $1.75 The Good Shepherd : The Life of the Saviour for Children. Beautifully Illuminated Covers! Fifty-three Illustrations! Interesting Reading! This book, which is 8x10-i- inches and inch in thickness, tells the story of the life of Christ in a way that cannot fail to interest the little folks. It is exceptionally free from doctrinal errors, and should be in every family where there are children to be taught a Saviour's love. The illustrations add very much to its educational value. Price, only 50 cents. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY.  A DICTIONARY of the BIBLE : COMPRISING ITS Antiquities, Biography, Geography, Natural History and Literature, WITH THE Latest Researches and References to the Revised Version of the New Testament, WITH EIGHT COLORED MAPS --AND-- FOUR HUNDRED AND FORTY ILLUSTRATIONS. By WM. Smith, LL.D. Revised and Edited by REVS. F. N. and M. A. PELoUDET. Price, post-paid, 82.00 With " American Sentinel," 2.40 PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, Oakland, Cal. New York City. Kansas City, Mo. [Front the Warren (Ill.) Sentinel, May V.] MR. J. Q. ALLISON, residing at Douglas-ville, Georgia, for violating the' Georgia Sab-bath ,statute, was last week sentenced to the Chain-gang. The law provides that an offender may be punished by fine or imprisonment, or to work in the chain-gang. . . . Another section provides that such offenders or mem-bers of the chain-gang who may be guilty of insurrection or attempt at insurrection (such as refusal to work on the seventh day) shall, upon trial and conviction, be deemed guilty of a capital offense and punished with death, or such other punishment as the judge may in-flict. Thus in this enlightened day and age, in the State of Georgia, . . . we find that for follOwing his religious convictions alone, a citizen may be arrested, fined a thousand dollars, imprisoned for six months, sent to the chain-gang, or all three combined, or he may be "hired out" (sold) to a private contractor, and if he refuses to work on what he considers the Sabbath (which he surely would) he may be deemed guilty of a capital offense and pun-ished with death ! Tennessee and Mississippi are but little be-hind their sister State of Georgia in this religious persecution. In the former State various citizens have been arrested and im-prisoned for offending the Sunday statute, and even a promising college has been broken up by the persecution. In the latter State, at Amory, no longer ago than May 9, a Mr. R. T. Nash was arrested for hoeing in his garden on the statute Sunday. Thus we see that people desiring to go South and take with them their religious views should investigate the statutes before moving, or they may find themselves sold out as slaves or even sentenced to be shot or hung! Ninety-six pages, Large print, Good paper, Strong binding. 