"Equal and Exact Justice to all Wien, or Whatever state or persuasion, Feligious or colitical." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 23, 1893. NUMBER 8. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND BT., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Poet Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.  WILLIAM H. MC KEE. THE commandment of God has said, and does say, and will say, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." That will not be denied. The Congress of the United States has decided that the first day of the week shall be observed as the Sabbath at the World's Fair. That can not be denied. BY taking this action has Congress decided that a certain day is the Sabbath, or has it not ? Has the World's Fair been required to close its gates on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, for the reason that many claim that the first day of the week is not the seventh, and that Sunday is not the Sabbath? Or are the gates to be closed by legislative enactment because many more claim that the first day of the week is the true sacred day of religious rest? Congress has de-cided that a certain day shall be observed; has it not? It did not so decide for the reason that it was not a sacred day, did it? It did so decide because of the claim that it was a sacred day, did it not? CONGRESS, then, has given its legisla-tive sanction to a particular day. For what purpose? For a public holiday? No! For a day of religious rest and de-votion. Congress has consecrated a day. By solemn legislative act Congress has consecrated the first day of the week as the " American Sabbath." In so doing did Congress assume civil or ecclesiastical prerogatives? Is the sanctioning of a holy day and the consecration of it to re-ligious rest a civil or an ecclesiastical act? It is clearly ecclesiastical. BY what authority does Congress act? Does it act by delegated authority? If so, did the atheists, and infidels, and Free-thinkers of the United States delegate this authority to Congress ? Did the great  body of the careless and worldly, who make no pretense or take no thought of religion one way or another,Šdid they delegate this power to Congress ? Did the Jews, and the Seventh-day Baptists, and the Seventh-day Adventists, delegate this power to Congress ? Did the great major-ity of the Baptists, and the individuals among other denominations who are per-sonally opposed on principle to all reli-gious legislation by any civil power, delegate this authority? Did they? Did any of them ? Then who did ? GREAT pressure was brought to bear on Congress, by some one, to bring this about. Who was it? It was the organ-ized religionists, calling themselves ortho-dox, who desire Congress to assume that function of ecclesiasticism necessary to consecrate Sunday as the American Sab-bath, Š the religious rest day of this NationŠby decree of Supreme Court and of Congress, " a Christian Nation." These are they, and they are the only ones, who have desired to gi e this authority to Congress. But they are not the people,Šnot even the majority of the people. Then they did not suffice for this in any case. But did they have the authority to dele-gate at all ? What is it that is assumed here ? It is the power to coerce the citizen in the matter of a religious observance,Što compel him, whether he will or no, to observe a fixed religious rest. A minority of the citizens calling themselves reli-giously orthodox, claims the right to delegate to Congress power to compel obedience to the religious belief of that minority. Will it be granted that they ever hid the authority to so dictate to any other citizen, much less give Con-gress power to compel him in any such regard ? If this is not granted, by what right does Congress do this ? BUT if Congress does not close the World's Fair on Sunday by virtue of au-thority legitimately delegated to it by the people, by what claim of right does it do this ? Is it by divine right ? Then Con-gress rules by divine right and not by the will of the people. Is the observance of a religious rest day a divine or a human ordinance ? If it is a divine ordinance, it is only consecrated and set apart by di- vine authority and the power which as-sumes to do that can not act by human but only by divine right. There is then established in this country a form of absolutism,ŠCongress rules by divine right. What then, in this case, is the position assumed by this religious minor-ity ? They are the priesthood by whom Divinity speaks and the legislative and judicial arms of the Government are the instruments through which divine decrees, voiced by them, are executed. What is this ? It may well be asked, What is this? Of what power, and what power only, is this the picture ? Under what govern-mental form is this assumption made ? Has there ever been but one govern-mental form which would answer to this picture, and under which these assump-tions have been made and their legitimate results realized ? There has been but one, what is it ? THERE is one outward sign which is the visible evidence to all men of a man's inward belief. That is the observance of the Sabbath. Its continued and regular recurrence emphasizes the adherence of the true Christian to his faith and makes it unavoidably patent to the world. The remembering of it to keep it holy serves necessarily to maintain its perpetuity. The follower of Christ will observe the day which was established by him in the beginning, when " All things were made by him,"Šthe day which he reconsecrated by his own observance when upon earth, and over which he himself said he was Lord. The original decree for the ob-servance of this day is in the language of Him who is unchangeable, and from it not one jot or tittle will ever fail. This law was read out of " the Book of Law," from the desk of the Secretary of the Sen-ate, when Mr. Quay moved to insert in the clause of the sundry civil bill appro-priating money for the World's Fair :Š And that provision has been made by the proper authority for the closing of the Exposition on the Sabbath day. When sending the amendment to the desk Mr. Quay said :Š The reasons for the amendment I will send to the desk to be read. The Secretary will have the kind-ness to read from the Book of Law I send to the desk, the part enclosed in brackets. The part indicated was read, and it was this 