92 THE AMERICAN SENTIN8L. Men went into the door with natural complexion and demeanor, and came out flushed and excited; they went in with sedate expression and firm step, and came out with dazed and vacant look and un-steady limbs. We and the other neighbors all were perfebtly cognizant of how the laws of the land (and higher laws beside) were violated every Sunday, over at that corner, and yet none of us liked to become an informer." There it is again. Of course it is understood that there was a law against selling liquor on Sunday, and none against selling it on other days of the week, but we challenge anybody to show that the whole tenor of that paragraph does not go to support the idea that it is the day that makes the business wrong. Doubtless she and her neighbors saw the same scenes enacted every day, if they looked for them on any other day; they must have seen men go in sober and come out intoxicated and silly; but it didn't disturb them on any day but Sunday. The tract makes mention of Mr. Rorkle, telling what a fine, law-abiding man he was, and only one fault is re-corded against him, namely, that he kept open his saloon on Sunday. We have no apology to offer for liquor selling. We believe that liquor is the cause of an untold amount of crime, and that it results in nothing but evil. But to say that it is worse to sell liq-uor on Sunday than on other days is the same as saying that it is worse to kill a man on Sunday than on any other day in the week. We take no stock in Sunday liquor laws, because we know that they do not help the cause of temperance a particle. On the contrary, they hinder it, by elevating the liquor traffic to a level with all other employments. Moreover, from what we have seen of the working of such laws, and from the arguments that are adduced in favor of them, we know that if strict Sunday laws were once se-cured, that would practically put an end to all temperance legislation. No general effort would ever be made to close saloons on other days.  And so we say that the profession that Sunday liquor laws are temperance laws is the result either of ignorance or hypocrisy. E. J. W. Sectarian Instruction. THE National Reformers have an ally in the Denver Times. It strongly favors the teaching of religion in the public schools, and it is more bold and honest in its utterances than are those National Reformers who have been forced to learn craftiness by arguments which they long ago learned that they could not meet. It proclaims its readiness to accept sectarian teaching in the schools, because, it is logical enough to see that, having favored religious teaching, sectarian teach-ing must naturally follow. Thus it says:Š " The great objection raised by the Catholic clergy against the public-school system is ungodliness and unrighteousness. And is ther_gptiie ground for this ? The cry has always-been that morality should be taught in the public schools, but not religion or sectarianism. And now the old cry is receiving one of its periodical and spasmodic rep-etitions. The school authorities are earnestly exhorted to teach morality, and in the same breath are hysterically warned against religion or sec-tarianism. "Now, is it possible to teach morality without religion ? Moral conduct implies a moral law. The law suggests the lawgiver. Thus we come directly to Deity, to Divinity, to the Bible. There can scarcely be religious teaching without sectarian-ism. All religious teachers are more or less.of sec-tarians. And few of them can habitually keep  their sectarianism completely and steadily sub--dued." This is the truth; but few who favor the teach-ing of religion by the State dare admit it, for then they would not have even a shadow with which to defend themselves against the charge of desir-ing to unite Church and State. 4'.  Ł   The Purpose of the American Sabbath Union. IT is a well-known fact, acknowledged by nearly every Christian convocation in our coun-try for several years past, that the regard for Sunday as a Sabbath-day is growing less and less from year to year, and it is becoming more and more a holiday, a day given up to idleness, pleas-ure, and social amusements, until the prospect in the near future reveals a picture of a country without a Sabbath, and nothing to take its place but the. Sunday of continental Europe. Well may Christians be alarmed for the future, and seek some means to prevent so sad a result. But what are the means to be used by the Christian people to prevent such a result? Great effort has been made during the past year to harmonize their views on this question, and it has resulted in the formation of the "American Sab-bath Union." The third article of the Constitu-tion of this Union says : "The object of the American Sabbath Union is to preserve the American Sabbath as a day of rest and worship." How is this American Sabbath to be preserved ? If we are to judge of the sayings and doings of its members thus far, the answer is in part, To procure such legislation as will compel people to cease all work on the so-called American Sabbath. But will such a kW accomplish the end desired ? By no means. It can only make the day one of much more idleness, revelry, and dissipation than it now is. But the object of the projectors of the Union is to make the day one of worship, as well as of rest. Can this be done by the means which have already been usedŠmoral suasion ? If so, why the necessity of asking for laws to compel people to rest on this day. The American Sabbath Union does not propose to rest simply with the enactment of a law to compel people to rest on Sunday, but they must not ask for too much at once. Had those who asked for a new capitol at Albany asked for eighteen or twenty millions of dollars at first, or even half of these sums, to build it with, would they have obtained the ap-propriation ? They knew enough to ask for a small sum, if they would get what they wanted. So with our American Sabbath Union; they must ask only for such things at first as they think will be readily granted. Having obtained the first grant, the next request will be for a law to compel worship or attendance at church on this day. At present the cry would be loudly raised that such a law would be unconstitutional, and could not be obtained. But if a law will compel Jews or Christians who have rested on God's holy day to also rest on the American Sabbath, is it any greater step in advance to com-pel them also to worship on a designated day? There will be much opposition, especially by those who have already observed one day of rest and worship, to the enforcement of Such a law as named above, and the only way to stop the con-troversy will be by the enactment of another law something as follows : "Be it enacted, etc., that if any person living within the bounds of the United States, shall intimate or signify by any word or  words, act or actions, that the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday or Lord's day, Christian Sabbath or the American Sabbath, is not the day of the week commanded by God to be observed when he says, 'Remember the Sab-bath-day to keep it holy. . . . The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God,' etc., then such person or persons shall be punished for each and every offense by a fine of $500 and im-prisonment for not less than five years and so much longer as the said fine remains unpaid. And be it further enacted, that if any person shall be suspected of holding any opinion or thoughts antagonistic to such a law, or shall show by word or act any sympathy for any person who shall suffer fine or imprisonment according to the pro-visions of this act, then such person shall be de-livered over to a council who shall be empowered to use any means they may choose to determine whether such suspicions be founded on sufficient evidence, and if deemed by the council to be so founded, then the person so suspected shall be delivered over to the officers of the law for such punishment as the said council may decide." The most of our readers will say that such thoughts are too silly to put into print, but it is the only way in which the American Sabbath Union can ever accomplish their purpose. It is the natural result of the first step toward an ap-peal for laws " to preserve the American Sabbath as a day of rest and, worship." Such laws have been enforced by the power which this Union seeks as its ally, and such will be the laws again, if this allied power is given permission to use its power.ŠThe Outlook. Religion and the Schools. UNDER the above heading the Grand Rapids, (Mich.) Herald-Telegram prints the Blair Educa-tional Amendment and comments upon it as fol-lows:Š This proposed amendment, as may be seen, purposes " to establish and maintain the principles of the Christian religion," or, in other words, to " establish and maintain" somebody's definition of the Christian religion. No religion can be so established and maintained except by penal law; and penal law so employed has ever resulted in more or less persecution. Such a religion would necessarily be formulated as a creed, and declared to be the religion of the State. Ł Section 2 of the Amendment declares that, "Each State in this Union shall establish and maintain a system of free public schools," giving instructions in the common branches of knowl-edge, and in virtue, morality, and the principles of the Christian religion. Our public schools now teach all that this Section requires, except the principles of the Christian religion. The latter portion of this section shows that "the principles of the Christian religion" would have to be so in-terpreted as to meet the approval of a majority of the Christian sects. When it shall have become necessary to so de-fine " the principles of the Christian religion" the task will fall upon Congress; or, if they think themselves incompetent to decide theological ques-tions, they, or the President of the United States, may, andprobably will, appoint a Board of Trust, upon whom' would devolve the task of deciding what '" the principles of the 'Christian 'religion" are. This Board of Trust, will necessarily be composed of leading men from all the Christian churches. Such a Board of Trust might -be prop- 