THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. But that is not all that the Cynosure and National Reform hold, nor is that as they hold it. The Cynosure and National Reform hold that "Man needs and God requires "Sunday as a Sabbath. And when " Seventh-day Baptists.  and Adventists " and Jews or any others have kept Saturday as Sabbath, as "man needs and God requires," the National Reformers want to compel them to keep Sunday besides. The National Reformers declare that all that God requires of man lit this connection is one-seventh part of his time, or one day in seven, and then when these people religiously and conscientiously render to God the one day in seven that he requires, the National Reform-ers want laws to compel them to render another day also. Although, according to their own principles all that God requires of man is one-seventh of his time, they will compel all sev-enth-day keepers to render two-sevenths, unless they yield their consciences and accept the interpretation of the National Reformers. But in that case men's right of conscience and of interpretation of Scripture is destroyed, and the National Reformers impose themselves and their interpretation upon men's consciences in the place of God. And that is the Papacy over again. Yet says the editor, " The Cynosure is op-posed to coercing conscience." That may be so, but National Reform is not opposed to it. And as the Cynosure is pledged to National Reform, we doubt very much whether it is indeed opposed to coercing conscience. Again the Cynosure editor avows :Š " We are opposed to imprisoning or fining any decent law-abiding man, who has kept Saturday, because he does not keep Sunday also. The Cynosure would help pay such a man's fine, petition for his instant relief from jail, and instruct the Legislature to repeal the law which imprisoned him." But there have already been a number of instances, in two States, where just that kind of men have been imprisoned, fined, and shamefully treated, for that very reason and no other; and yet the Cynosure never offered to help pay any of the fines, it never peti-tioned for their relief at all, nor did it ever " instruct " either of the State Legislatures to repeal the law which imprisoned the men, and robbed women and children. True, while the Cynosure did not believe that there were any such cases in exittence, it was so bold as to observe that "nothing could be more abhorrent to our Constitution than such persecution." But when facts were presented in its own columns by a trustworthy citizen of its own city, who himself saw some of the persecutions, then the Cynosure instead of helping to pay the fines, or petitioning for the relief of the persecuted, or instructing the Legislature to repeal the persecuting law, calmly folded its editorial hands and con-cluded to "wait for confirmation of the facts before commenting upon them." Then when the facts were confirmed by the public records clear to the Supreme Court of the State, and even 'to the halls of the State Legislature it-self; the Cynosure has never even to this day offered a single word of comment upon the subject, and the persecution continued for  more than a year--it continued in fact till the Legislature repealed the law and so put a stop to it. And although the Legislature repealed the law, it never received a word of instruction from the Cynosure, to do so. Mr. Editor, words are very cheap, and until your acts show differently on this subject from what they ever have shown, your professions will amount to nothing, though your words may charm never so wiselyŠ" The words of his mouth were smoother than butter, but war was in his heart: his words were softer than oil, yet were they drawn swords." "But" says the Cynosure, "if the Arkansas cases of persecution are just as given, and not the result of religious squabbles, and law per-verted by sectarian or neighborhood fights, then the severest strokes of the SENTINEL will but second our own." Those cases of persecution were exactly as given, if not worse. But that is not the ques-tion at all. Suppose they were, entirely the result of "religious squabbles" and of "law perverted by sectarian fights." It is for that very reason that they ought to be utterly con-demned. For what business has the civil law to be made the channel through which shall . be poured out the venom that is engendered "in religious squabbles "? By what right is Ł it that the State shall be made the tool of the irregular passions of sectarian bigots who hap-pen to be in the majority, in their " sectarian fights "? It is against this that the SENTINEL wars. It is the principle of the thing which we condemn. Whether the victims of the persecution were Seventh-day Baptists, Sev-enth-day Adventists, Indians, or Chinese, the principle is the same, and is utterly perverse. But to make such a thing universal in all this Nation, is the direct aim of National Re-form and of the Christian Cynosure. For such will be the inevitable result of the religious amendment to the National Constitution. Therefore the SENTINEL opposes the so-called National Reform, and shall ever oppose it to the very utmost. Then as was to be expected the Cynosure swings back upon the subject of secret lodges, and says :Š " Several Legislatures have passed laws against imposing secret oaths by secret lodges. The Nmct York Reports, Wendell, Vol. 13, and the testimony before the Rhode Island Legisla-tive Committee give these oaths in the terms imposed in the lodges, sworn to by Masons; and published by John Quincy Adams as given. These oaths swear men to have their throats cut if they violate the by-laws of their lodges." That may all be true. We shall allow that it is true at any rate, for the sake of argument. Yet however true it may be, here is something that is just as true as that can be: The tak-ing of such an oath is wholly a voluntary act. No man in the world was ever compelled to take any such oath, much less was anyone ever compelled to take it under penalty of forfeiture of citizenship and all rights of con-science. Yet to compel men to conform to their will, or else suffer the weight of such a penalty, is precisely what the National Re-formers will do if they ever succeed in their project. And this is why that, although se- cret societies and their oaths are bad, Na-tional Reform is worse; yes worse than they ever can be unless they should set about to do as the National Reformers are trying to do. The Cynosure says in effect that if our reply does not suit, it will notice the SENTINEL 110 more. Very well, we earnestly hope that this our reply will suit: yet if it does not the SENTINEL will survive the calamity we are sure. So dear Cynosure if it must be so, "Then fare thee well; . And if forever, Then forever Fare the well." A. T. J. National Reform and Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union Assembly. THIS Assembly was held at Lakeside, Ohio, August 18-21. Lakeside is situated on a beautiful peninsula extending into Lake Erie, about nine miles from . Sandusky, and is be-coming every year more and more popular as a summer resort, haling connected with it religious meetings of various kinds, such as Sunday-school encampments, camp-meetings, Christian assemblies, etc. In fact it is becom-ing widely known as the " Chautauqua .of the West'? The population of this summer city reaches at times up to four and five thousand inhabitants, and it is abundantly supplied with hotels, cottages, restaurants, etc. It has two large, .permanent, open-air auditoriums, lighted with electric lights, and able to seat three thousand, and fifteen hundred respec-tively. The city is supplied by a system of water works with pure lake water; this with its sanitary arrangements and its naturally fine location on the lake shore opposite Kel-ley's Island and Put-in-Bay make it withal a very pleasant, comfortable -summer resort. We arrived on the grounds Thursday, Au-gust 18, in time to listen to the opening ad-dress, "The Work of the National Reform Association," by the Rev. David McAllister, LL.D. The subject was introduced by an ex-tract from the Pittsburg Commercial Qazette, dated August 16, in which it was stated- that. the GermanS were making an organized effort for the repeal of existing Sunday laws in that State, and that in Allegheny County circulars had been sent to some 30,000 Germans to en-list them in this effort. To counteract such influences was the work of the National form Association, and the only hope of ing its object, he said, was by having and the Bible recognized in the Consti of the United States, inasmuch as thoE seek to break down the Christian characi'  the Nation, intrench themselves behind its non-sectarian character. And he was glad to say that the National Reform movement was gaining adherents and supporters among all denominations, and even outside of the de-nominations. The Association recognizes the authority of God over the State and the Na-tional Government, and also that the moral law is supreme over man in every relation. The corruptions that exist among office-hold-ers, the laxity of present divorce laws, and similar evils, makes it necessary, he argued, 