306 VoL. 10, No. 39. imprisoned for circulating among the people, copies of the sacred Scriptures in the vulgar tongue. Roman Catholicism is established by statute in those countries, and the Bible .t is, except by the permission of the priests in special cases, a prohibited book. To circulate it among the people is a violation of the "law," and yet the Protestant world ap-plauds the disobedience of these mission-aries and styles their prosecution, religious persecution, as it certainly is. The Converted Catholic, for September, ed- ited by " Father" O'Connor, a Presbyterian minister of this city, contains a long article entitled, " The Methodist Victory over Roman Intolerance," giving a history of the petition sent to the pope by the Methodist ministers of Chicago, asking the Roman Catholic Church to use its influence in securing for Protestants in the countries of South America and else- where, the same liberty that is enjoyed by Roman Catholics in the United States. It is made very clear in this article, and in the comments upon the action of the Method-ist ministers, quoted from other papers, that while the laws under which Methodist colpor-ters are imprisoned in South America for sell-ing and giving away Bibles, are civil statutes, they are, nevertheless, begotten by religious bigotry Ł and born of religious intolerance. The Chicago Tribune, in its issue of July 31, said:Š The contention of the cardinal secretary of the holy see, to the effect that the condition of things in the South American States is dependent upon the civil laws will be shown to be a technicality, since in the States named the civil laws are inspired by the Roman Catholic Church. Commenting upon the same subject, the Northwestern Christian Advocate, of July 3, says:Š It is well understood that laws there in force are shaped to please the dominant church. Rome can secure in South America and other papal States, what-ever laws it pleases. And to the same intent, the Cumberland Presbyterian, of Nashville, in its issue of July 11, says:Š It is true, also, if intolerance and persecution con-tinue in South America it will be because the Roman Church wills it. Rome, through its bishops and priests, really shapes the laws and the policy of the government in all these papal States. In view of the principles herein-  stated, and the admission of these- principles by repre-sentative Protestant papers, we would venture to again suggest that the imprisonment of Methodist missionaries in Roman Catholic coun-tries for violating " civil laws," which require them to uncover their heads in the presence of the host or the passing cross, and which forbid them to obey the gospel commission by putting in the hands of the people the Scrip-tures in their own language, differ not one iota in principle from the laws which in this so-called Protestant country require the ob-servance of Sunday. In Portugal and some other Roman Catholic countries, everybody is required to show respect for the established religion by taking off his hat when a re-ligious procession passes along the street. In this country everybody is required to show respect for a statute-intrenched dogma of the prevailing religion by abstaining from work upon Sunday, and by obeying a "law" which forbids men to testify to what they believe to be truth that they are under obligation to give to mankind, by obeying the fourth com-mandment. We would ask our Methodist and Presbyterian and Christian friends of other churches, how they can consistently call the arrest and imprisonment of Protestant mis-sionaries in Roman Catholic countries, relig-ious persecution, and at the same time insist  that the imprisonment and driving of Ad-ventists in chain-gangs is only enforcing "civil law." It is just as true in this country that the " laws" which imprison Adventists and drive them in chain-gangs, are inspired and main-tained by the Protestant churches, as it is that the laws which imprison Methodist and other Protestant missionaries in South Amer-ica, Portugal and Spain, are inspired by the Roman Catholic Church of those countries. Hence if any obligation rests upon the author-ities of the Roman Catholic Church to use their influence in favor of the repeal of the "laws" which imprison Protestant missionaries in Roman Catholic countries, the Protestant churches in this country are under just the same obligation to give their influence to the repeal of the " laws " which make persecution for conscience' sake possible here. RELIGION IN THE CONSTITUTION. THE Mail and Express, in commenting upon the political situation in New York, says:Š The' sabbath, as an American institution, is im-bedded in Federal and State constitutions and laws. Our national Constitution has only two references to religion, one which specifically says that Sunday is not to be counted as a legislative day, and the other which declares that " no religious test shall be re-quired as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States." Mr. Warner Miller, the author of the Sun-day plank in the Republican platform of this State, also says, as reported in the New York World, that "the Constitution clearly recog-nizes the sabbath," since " on that day no measure may become a law, no business be le-gally transacted, and no one elected to office may take oath on that day." But this, as the World points out, is not a recognition of Sunday as the " Christian sab-bath," but as a legal holiday merely. There are other legal holidays beside SundayŠthe first day of January, the thirtieth day of May, the fourth of July, the first Monday in Sep-tember, the last Thursday in November, and the twenty-fifth day of DecemberŠon all of which cessation from business has legal sanc-tion. In its effort to find " the sabbath as an American institution," in the Constitution, the Mail and Express overlooks that plainest of all references to religion in the Constitu-tion, which reads, " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Perhaps there was a reason for passing this by, for this is certainly very far from being a recognition of the " American sabbath." Of course, if the sabbath is " an American institution," it might be expected to have recognition and sanction in American laws, even that supreme law, the Constitution. But a sabbath which is an American institu-tion cannot be God's sabbath, which he com-mands to be kept holy, for that was instituted by him at creation. Neither can it be the Sunday sabbath, for that is observed in all civilized countries, and was instituted in re-mote ages of antiquity. The simple truth is, that the Sabbath and American institutions are things wholly separate and distinct from each other. Our forefathers who framed the Constitu-tion evidently did not regard the Sabbath as American in its origin; and it is certainly not strange that under their wise direction neither it nor any other religious institution found recognition in that embodiment of our funda-mental law. THE SUNDAY LAW IN NEW YORK. WE made brief mention in these columns last week of the action of the Republican party in adopting this as one plank of its platform; " We favor the maintenance of the Sunday law in the interests of labor and morality."  We pointed out at the time that this meant nothing so far as the suppression of the liquor traffic was concerned; for the expression, " the Sunday law," can mean nothing else than the whole body of law upon that subject. It can-not and does not mean simply a law forbidding the sale of liquor on Sunday, for as we showed a week ago, it just as much pledges the party adopting it to the enforcement of the statute forbidding the sale of ice on Sunday,as it does to the enforcement of the statute which forbids the sale of liquor upon that day. We feel no interest, however, in this as a political question. We are interested in it only so far as it shows the temper of the peo-ple in regard to the making, sustaining, and enforcing of laws for the observance of Sun-day. The AMERICAN SENTINEL is and always has been opposed to the traffic in intoxicating beverages. We believe that it is an enemy to civilized society; that it increases the burden of taxation; that it makes widows, orphans, paupers, and criminals; that it endangers life and property, and that the evils resulting from it are not limited to those who actually drink intoxicating liquors. In short, we do not believe that " whiskey hurts only those who drink it." Being opposed to the traffic in intoxicating liquors as a whole, and believing that it is evil and only evil continually, we are, of course, opposed to any law which, by prohibiting it one day in the week, by implication legalizes it and makes it respectable upon the other six days of the week. The Methodist General Conference of 1888, adopted this: " We are unalterably opposed to the enactment of laws that propose by license-taxing or otherwise to regulate the drink traffic." Doubtless the thought under-lying this resolution was that by government license, the liquor traffic becomes a protected monopoly and a political power; and that by withholding license the monopoly would be destroyed, the political power of the traffic be broken, and that general prohibition would follow. We are likewise " opposed to the enactment of laws that propose by license-taxing or otherwise to regulate the drink traffic; ' and for this reason if there were no other we oppose all laws prohibiting liquor-selling only on Sunday. And if the Methodists meant what they said in 1888, they must likewise oppose all laws which prohibit the selling of liquor upon Sunday only. Certainly the-  ex-pression, " or otherwise," is broad enough to cover such regulation of the drink traffic; so that we stand upon this question shoulder to shoulder with the great Methodist Church, so far as it stands true to the action of the Gen-eral Conference of 1888. But as we have before remarked, Sunday laws are not designed as temperance measures, but to guard from "desecration" a day held by many people to be sacred to the service of God. A few years since, the California Pro-hibitionist, published in San Francisco, said that if saloons would close on Sunday, it was about all that could be asked of them; and as we said last week, Sunday liquor-selling is not regarded by Sunday-law advocates generally, as any worse than other forms of Sunday " desecration." For instance, the Christian Statesman recently remarked: " Sabbath laws need enforcement against the excursion as well 