Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or politicalŠThomas 7efferson. VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MARCH 27, 1889. NUMBER 10. An2eFicar2 Bei2thrl. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW PORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES, SPECIAL CORRESPONDENTS : J .H. WAGGONER, E. W. FARNSWORTIT, DAN T. JONES THE object and purpose of all law is to pro-tect the weaker against the stronger, the minority against the majority, the peaceable and industri-ous against the aggressive and indolent.ŠS. P. Chronicle. THE Genesee Valley Post (Belmont, N. Y.) has a correspondent signing himself " Clericus," who writes in the following manner, which shows that he has a clear perception of the situation:Š "It seems to be a fact that a movement is on foot to legislate on the Sabbath question. Some men, seeing the evil of this, thought it would blind the opposition by saying it was only a t civil rest-day' we wanted, and not in the interests of any day for the Sabbath. This mask, however, is thrown off by the prime movers, and it is frankly stated that religious worship and Sabbath ob-servance is what they seek to promote by civil enactment. If this movement proves successful, then it is plain that those in the minority will be sufferers, being robbed of one-sixth their time which they conscientiously believe God commands them to use in secular labor. The injustice of this is apparent to every lover of humanity." N. Ł e RELIGION produced by force, and a religion resorting to force, is simply no religion at all. Notwithstanding this, there are some religionists who cannot forbear to resort to coercion. They covet the strong arm of the State to lean on, and to be employed for the purpose of church-extension. To accomplish this desire, and to give the whole the appearance of order and right, their specific creed is made a part of the common law of the land. Then whoever derides the creed derides the law; and whoever derides the law must suffer the penalty.ŠState, Church, and School. A GREAT meeting, for the discussion of Sunday observance and how to secure it, was held in Central Music Hall, Chicago, Sunday afternoon, March 3. The meeting was presided over by the Rev. Dr. Withrow, of the Third Presbyterian Church. Among the speakers were the following gentlemen: Professor Scott, of the First Con-gregational Church; the Rev. Dr. Barrows, of the First Presbyterian; Rev. Dr. Hansen, of the First Baptist; Rev. Dr. Bolton, of the First Methodist; Rev. J. Coleman Adams, of the Uni-versalist; Father Higgins, President of the Jesuit  College; Rev. N. C. Ranseen, of the Swedish Lutheran, and other leading ministers. The meeting was held under the auspices of the Sab-bath Observance Association. One or two rep-resentatives of the Knights of Labor also made short speeches, and thus the meeting was slightly relieved of its ecclesiastical coloring.. Sunday-law meetings usually present the appearance of a religious conference. Isn't it strange that very few people besides ministers take any interest in the workingman? Several extracts from the speeches, with comments, appear in this number of the SENTINEL. OUR friends who are making such great efforts to secure legislation in behalf of Sunday, say that they ask for it only on civil grounds. They dis-claim any thought of wanting " Sabbath laws " in the interest of religion. Doubtless all who were concerned in the Sunday-law mass-meeting held in Chicago, on Sunday, March 3, would make the same claim. Yet they one and all declared that their movement was not in any sense politi-cal. The Rev. Dr. Lorimer said that he did not want to be a party to any political movement. So says the Chicago News, which also adds : " The Rev. Dr. Withrow, pastor of the Third Pres-byterian Church, and chairman of the meet-ing, said there was no politics in it, and other speakers agreed with him." Well, then, what is in it? Between their efforts to make people believe that they are not in politics, and their still more strenuous efforts to make it appear that they are not working in behalf of religion, many ministers nowadays have a pretty busy time of it. Civil Sunday and Civil Lent. A FEW weeks ago we received from a friend a long communication received by him from a friend who is a prominent and active member of the Prohibition party in Ohio. The letter was a de-fense of the Prohibition party against the charge of desiring religious legislation, but as it would fill about four pages of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, we were forced to decline it. One paragraph, however, we preserved, and present it herewith:Š " Nowhere has or does the Prohibition party ask that the Sabbath be preserved as a religious insti-tution, but, on the contrary, asks it on purely civil grounds, and for purely civil reasons." We are not disposed to deny that statement, and we are not aware that we have ever said any-thing to the contrary. It is admitted that the Prohibition party has asked for legislation in be-half of "the Sabbath," and that is enough. We care not on what grounds such legislation is asked for; we have no more objection to Sunday legis-lation upon avowedly religious grounds than we have for Sunday legislation upon professedly civil grounds. Sunday legislation is Sunday legisla- tion, no matter what reason is given for it. It can have but one effect, whether asked for in the interest of religion, of temperance, of the working-man, as a "police regulation," or as a purely " san-itary arrangement," for the cure of corns or some other of the numerous ills that flesh is heir to. We have no doubt that very many people are sincere in their appeal for "civil Sunday laws." They believe that religious legislation is a bad thing, and, without stopping to reason, they imagine that if they can only change the name, the evils will all vanish. Sunday is purely an institution of the church, and Sunday legislation cannot be anything else but religious legislation. This becomes specially apparent when its advocates talk about preserving "the Sabbath." It makes no difference what day of the week men have in mind when they speak of the Sabbath, the fact is that "the Sabbath" is a religious institution. If its observance is enforced by civil law, that will not deprive it of its ecclesiastical character. If Sunday observance is enjoined for purely civil reasons, then we shall have religious legislation for civil reasons. Now it is not the reasons for the legislation that we object to, but the fact of the legislation. The people who are active in the support of Sunday laws "for purely civil reasons," have a great deal to say about the kind of men who are elected to official positions in the State. They say that an immoral, licentious man should not be elected to public office. But the friends of these immoral men might say, " We do not want to put them in office on the basis of their pri-vate moral characters, but solely on intellectual grounds; he may be an immoral man, but we are electing him only in his civil and not in his moral aspect. Would the National Reformers accept any such reasoning? Not by any means. They would say that an immoral man would still be an immoral man, no matter on what grounds he was placed in office. Why is it that they cannot or will not see that the name that may be given to Sunday legislation does not change its character. The State might as well command the observ-ance of Lent as to command the observance of Sunday. Both are institutions of the church, and both might be enforced from " purely civil grounds." Certainly considerations of health de-mand that six weeks of the year should be spent in a mild mortification of the flesh. Thousands of people would have no intermission in their round of gaiety if it were not for the halt which Lent calls; yet there are other thousands who pay no attention to Lent, and who keep all sorts of amusements going, much to the discomfort of those who see them, and yet are deprived by the cus-toms of their church from joining in them. But when it comes to the interest of the work-ingman, then Lent is a long ways ahead ,of Sun-day. Our National Reformers who have the good EDITORS. 