508 AMERICAN SENTINIM. that many a wealthy man was ruined by a single case of litigation. The burial fees demanded by the priests during an epidemic of smallpox were something enormous. As many were unable to pay, the dead were lying in the churches and in private houses in such numbers as to be a serious menace to the public health. The thing was so scandalous that the governor-general interfered and issued orders for all the corpses to be buried at once. The priests disregarded it and telegraphed to the goy:. ernment at Madrid, who reversed the order. I heard such a revolting story about the Paco cem-etery (Paco is a suburb of Manila) that I decided to visit the place and ascertain the facts for myself. In the center of a plot of ground containing about two acres, is a mortuary chapel. Around this in concentric circles, and with a space of about twenty feet between, are three or four walls. These walls are from five to seven feet wide, about ten feet high, and contain three tiers of vaults, one above the other, and of sufficient size to admit a coffin. The Filipino in charge told me that there are 1,278 vaults for adults and 504 for chil-dren. The fees are collected five-yearly in advance, and are thirty-three dollars for an adult and sixteen dollars for a child. I said to the attendant: "Suppose that at the end of any period of five years the friends of the deceased are unable to pay, what do you do?" "We remove the coffin, take out the remains and throw them on the bone pile." "Will you show me the bone pile." "Certainly." He conducted me to the rear of the cem-etary, up a flight of stone steps to the top of the wall. The receptacle for the bones was a space between two parallel, walls, about thirty feet long, by four wide, by eight deep, and it was nearly full. Near by were two metallic coffins which had evidently just been opened, and on top of the bone pile were two complete skeletons. A dog was munching the bones. You can imagine how such a system would work with an ignorant, super-stitious people like the natives. All of the vaults except three were occupied. The fees amount to more than $50,000 every five years. The fees of a church near to a hotel at which I was stopping amounted to $100,000 per annum. It is not surprising that the great religious corpora-tions are enormously wealthy, and that they have a power consonant with that wealth. I was shocked at the stories I was told by men whose word I could not doubt, of the flagrant immorality of the Spanish friars. The men who gave me these statements said they were prepared to give names, dates and places. I am sure that the Roman Catholics of the United States would be as much shocked .as anybody at the im-morality of these friars. I am aware that this is not Roman Catholicism as it is to be found in England and the United States to-day, and it is necessary that this should be emphasized in order to comprehend the relig-ious condition of the people, and to adequately -realize  their spiritual needs. They have had more than three centuries of Catholic Christianity; commodious churches are to be found all over the islands, and they are well attended, but practically nothing has been done to ed-ucate and enlighten them.ŠFrom leaflet issued by the American Bible Society, New York City. The Ideal Food. MY simple fare is as consistent with happiness as with health. A table set with fruit, grain and nuts nourishes not only the body but the soul. I eat not merely with the appetite of the flesh, but my soul's hun-ger for beauty is fed as well. When my table is set it is a fit subject for an artist. But what artist would choose a rib of beef or a mutton chop for a picture? A golden musk melon, fragrant and sweet; a bunch of purple or white grapes; a few peaches and plums; a sec-tion of watermelon, with its brilliant black seeds set like gems in the rich red tissue; a plate of ripe, red toma-toes, glowing with color; such food as this would furnish a subject for picture. We are told that fruits, grains and nuts will not fur-nish the body sufficient nutriment, and that meat and coarse vegetables must be added. I cannot decide the question for another, but it seems to me that what is purest and best in me is well nourished by fruits and nuts. If there is a beast in me craving for flesh, I prefer to let him starve. He cannot die too soon for the good of my higher nature. To speak more distinctly, I be-lieve that our diet is chiefly an indication of our consti-tution, and our habits of thought and life. If I can live purely enough, dwelling in the highest realm of my being, I believe that the daintiest and purest foods will satisfy my needs. But if I coarsely, I must eat coarsely. The beast in me eats only when he is active. If I can put him to sleep, he will not growl for his meat. I do not advocate a reform by arbitrary methods. I do not believe that character is determined by diet, but diet by character. I wish to reform the man and then let him reform his diet. When higher ideals have taken possession of the mind, when the soul loves purity so much that impurity and uncleanness in food have become offensive, then a reform is instituted which will Ł be lasting. But to eat from prescription, to weigh and analyze one's food, to feed by rule, I would not sanction. ŠSolon Lauer. THE New York Sun says:Š "The Philippines are not to furnish the only outlet for our resources on the opposite shores of the Pacific. We shall take part in the development of the mainland. We have already vastly increased our business relations with Japan, and China will also see an increase. When Colonel Sellers said in the play, 'Now, Asia is my spot,' he always brought a laugh, partly due, no doubt, to the 