CHICAGO, JULY 12, 1900. VOLUME 15. NUMBER 27. .... iFn °4P4onf-(bvZtlar)  Ł Tony man hear my words; and ,believe not !judge him not Š.Jesus Christ. -THE .SENTI-N-EL OF LIBERTY. (Continuing American Sentinel) Published weekly at 324 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois, BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. Subscriptionprice, e $1.00 L. A. smrrx, C. F'. E01.1./\/IA Editors. Liberty is the birthright of every man. If anyone does not have it, either he has been robbed of it, or else, like Esau, he has sold his birthright. Jt,  <at The civil law cannot "protect" a religious institu-tion and at the same time protect the liberties of peo-ple who hold a multitude of opposing religious views. Every man who is honest with himself knows deep down in his heart that every other man is justly en-titled to the free exercise of the same rights as he him-self. The man who fails to govern himself, invites there-by either anarchy or despotism ; for one of these must inevitably result from the failure of self-gov-ernment. .4 .4 The essential feature of the Sabbath institution is rest. God rested on the seventh day, and blessed the day and sanctified it; but he blessed the day `-`because that in it he had rested from all his work." The Sab-bath is a religious institution, and rest from work is its essential feature. Hence- the rest that is enjoined on the Sabbath,4ay,has a religious significance; it is  a religious act. And because it is such no human power has any rightful authority to require it of the people. .at It has been said, "that government is best which governs least." This is true ; but no people can have such a government who have not the faculty of self-government. Men are not possessed of rights because of birth or station, of wealth or natural endowment, nor even be-cause of being more civilized than others, but because they are men. Rights are an endowment by the Cre-ator and belong alike to all men. The Church Going Into Politics. Cable news from London relative to the world's convention of Christian Endeavor to be held there this month, states that "Christian citizenship as a live power in American politics will be advocated by the Rev. Chas. M. Sheldon of Topeka, Kans." Mr. Shel- don is quoted as saying to a newspaper correspondent : "There has never been a more favorable time than the present for the forces of Christianity to assert themselves in the realm of practical politics. I see there a promising field for the effort to throw open not only municipal affairs but state and national gov-ernment as well. The support of the best individuals is bound to be coincident with the support of the best policies. "Christian Endeavorers, as representing the young-est and most energetic workers in the religious world, must familiarize themselves with the ways and means politicians employ, and use them for the ends of good government. There is no question that the balance of power in many communities can be wielded by God's church, army as soon as it realizes its strength." The Rev. Mr. Sheldon seems to have forgotten, or never to have learned, the teaching of early church history upon this point. In the history of the early Christian church it is plainly set forth that the church, 