364 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. in the courts ? Is this a Government of the people, or is it not ? But, although Judge Hammond ex-pres,sed himself so strongly upon the point that the decision of a State judge establishes common law, he nevertheless is satisfied that there is no such com-mon law as the Tennessee court has de-clared. And yet, Mr. King was remanded by the decision of Judge Hammond him-self. It is not so much wonder then that the Nation closed its stricture on this point by saying : " We should have been glad to have Judge Hammond state just what rights are secured by the Four-teenth Amendment, if it does not protect a citizen against being punished for vio-lating a law which has no existence." The Nation is not the only journal which can not understand the consistency of Judge Hammond's decision. The Central Law Journal, of October 30, in commenting on the same point, says: "Without desiring to challenge the correct-ness of the opinion, which is exceedingly well considered, we are inclined to join with the Nation in the regret that Judge Hammond did not state just what rights are secured by the Fourteenth Amend-ment, if it does not protect a citizen against being punished for violating a law which has no existence." And so says every citizen of the United States, who cares for the rights guaran-teed to him by the Federal Constitution. J. 0. CORLISS A "Chance" to Attend Church. WHEN Sunday-law Ł advocates are charged with seeking the aid of a civil law to fill their empty pews, they indig-nantly deny the accusation and in return, charge the accuser with willful misrepre-sentation. There may be a misunder-standing, which, when explained will throw light on the position of both parties. When it is charged that Sunday-law agitators are working for laws to people their empty pews, no one means to inti-mate that they are asking for laws em-powering the police to arrest and bring to church unwilling listeners. What is meant is that they are trying to secure laws closing all places of amusement or recreation excepting the churches, and thus indirectly to compel people to go to church or else stay at home. That this is their object there is abundant proof. The latest utterances confirmatory of this po-sition are from Rev. Mr. McLean, Chi-cago Secretary of the American Sabbath Union. In an address recently delivered in the Campbell Park Presbyterian Church, of this city, he stated that their object was to give the people a " chance " to go 'to church. To do this he proposed first to close the theatres. The question at once arises how will closing the the-atres give the people a " chance " to go to church ? Manifestly by denying them  a " chance " to go to the theatre, and thereby reducing their " chance," of being publicly entertained, to a choice between nothing and the church. Again, to the same end, he proposes to stop the run-ning of street-cars on Sunday. Touching the question of visiting the parks by means of the street-cars, the same gentleman stated, in a previous ad-dress, that the objection made by some that the occupants of crowded tenements ought to have an opportunity to visit the parks, and breathe the fresh air, was mere " sentimentalism without founda-tion." " There are no tenement houses," said he, " that will not hold all the occu-pants when assembled on Sunday, and they had better be there than desecrating the Sabbath by going to the parks." The " chance " to go to church which would result from stopping the running of the street-cars on Sunday is simply a " chance " to decide between a crowded tenement house and a church service in which some persons take no interest. In this second case Mr. McLean might at-tempt to defend his attitude on this ques-tion by stating that he had reference to the street-car conductor, who if the street-cars were stopped, would have a " chance " to go to church. The probabilities are that a majority of them would not attend church services on Sunday if the cars were stopped; but admitting for argu-ment's sake that they would all attend church services if the cars did not run, would it be justice to the one thousand persons served by the cars on Sunday, to leave them no chance to get to the parks in order to give the one conductor a chance to go to church, a chance which he already has if he is conscientious enough to leave his job to follow his con-victions ? It is apparent that these Sunday-law advocates are working for laws which shall leave no chance for the people to take recreation, or be entertained, except-ing at church services, and yet they deny that they are asking for laws in the inter-est of church attendance. Said the same gentleman previously re-ferred to : " Close the Fair [Sunday] and open places where the gospel shall be preached in song and by the greatest speakers of this and other lands." If this is not an indirect attempt to compel at-tendance at religious services, what is it ? Let us illustrate : Should the civil author-ities of any village close a church of one denomination and then inaugurate ser-vices of an opposing creed, would not the friends of the first congregation have rea-son to believe that it was done in the in-terests of attendance at the services of the second congregation ? They most cer-tainly would, and that is the view many take of this so-called " chance " to attend religious services. A. F. BALLENGER. Chicago, Ill. Legal Anachronisms. THE Boston Daily Globe does not hes-itate to call the existing statutes and ordi-nances, upon Sunday observance, " anach-ronisms in the law," and to suggest that their removal, from the statute books is a needed legal reform. Ł That two great dailies of as much dis-tinction and influence as the New York World and the Boston Daily Globe should recommend this radical change in exist-ing laws at this time is significant. The Globe expresses itself thus :Š " Outgrown and outworn theories too often find their last stronghold in the law. A vivid illustration of the power of tra-ditions long since outgrown is the recent conviction of a western farmer of seventh day opinions, on the charge of plowing his field on Sunday. " It is expressly provided in the Consti-tution that Congress shall make no law establishing any form of religion. To the conscientious man who believes that the seventh day of the week is the true Sab-bath, for Christian as well as Jew, the theory that Sunday is in an especial sense the Lord's day is a heresy. " The keeper of Saturday has an un-doubted moral right to his convictions. More than this, his legal right to observe Saturday as a holy day and Sunday as a secular day ought not to be called in ques-tion, in free America, by any civil au-thority. It would not be in doubt for a moment were it not for the existence of legal anachronisms that should have gone out with the witchcraft laws, or at the latest with George the Third. " That the body of Christians who ob-serve Saturday as the Sabbath is a ' fee-ble folk,' does not in the least affect the question of national consistency, nor that broader issue of equitable dealing between man and man. If these people numbered but a hundred, the individual rights of each would claim no less justice than now, when their grievance must also be the grievance of the great number of ortho-dox Israelites throughout the country. " Upon the statute books of many of our States are still to be found laws that were passed on the theory of government by a theocracy. They are out of harmony with the spirit of the Constitution of this Republic, and altogether repugnant to the spirit of the time. " Being on the statute books, such en-actments must, we suppose, be enforced until they are repealed. The work of re- form should begin without delay. The agitation resulting from this conviction of a man who had simply done his duty according to the dictates of his conscience, without trespassing on the rights of others, should result in a general revision of our laws, in the interest of common sense, as well as of freedom of thought and religion." 