182 AMERICAN SENTINEL. eral. To illustrate: Is there such a thing as a Christian shoemaker,Šdoes a shoemaker who is a Christian, cut his leather and drive his pegs in a different manner or does he use a different kind of last from his neighbor who is an atheist? True, he has different motives and a dif-ferent spirit in working, but he does not carry on shoe-making itself according to Christian principles. Like-wise a Christian who is a lawgiver will have altogether different motives for his decisions from the unchristian, but the laws which he makes will not differ from those which even a heathen, endowed with the same natural wisdom and experience, would make under like circum-stances. "The cardinal principle of Christianity is this: that grace precedes justice. Now, if this is to be our civil law, we must let all criminals go free, just as God did with us when he raised Christ from the dead. But there are also those who busy themselves with the civil law and reject the view that Christianity is a part of the common law. The eminent jurist Cooley says: 'It is frequently said that Christianity is a part of the law of the land. In a certain sense and for certain purposes this is true. . . . But the law does not attempt to enforce the precepts of Christianity on the ground of their sacred character or divine origin. . . . Christianity is not a part of the law in any sense which entitles the courts to take notice of and base their judgments upon it, except so far as they can find that its precepts and principles have been incor-porated in and made a component part of the positive law of the State.' (Constitutional Limitations, pp. 588 ff.) The Supreme Courts of California and Ohio have also declared that Christianity is no part of the common law. "Although it was stated above that in Newyorktwo decisions had been given in favor of the movement, we also find there the opposite view. One judge has pointed out, and rightly so, that in case Christianity were law, which it would be if made part of the common law, every one who did not accept it would have to be punished, and that then a decision of the court would have to be given as to what Christianity is, a thing which was never clone with the common law; so that the difficulty in making Christianity common law is not only great, but insur-mountable. We heartily agree with what was said in the treaty with Tripoli in 1797, with the consent of at least two-thirds of the senators: 'The government of the United States is in no sense founded on the Christian religion.'" A CHICAGO paper states that "the Christian nations of the world now control over 32,000,000 out of 52,ŠJ00,000 square miles of the whole world." The spread of such control must not however be mistaken for the spread of Christianity. The one is by the sword, the other by the gospel. A SUNDAY closing crusade has been started in Spring-field, Mass., says the Boston Daily Globe. The city au-thorities, at last reports, were undecided whether to give the movement their vigorous support or not; while some of the tradesmen, on the other hand, have an-nounced that they will contest the enforcement of the Sunday law. No Reform Without Religion. SOME very timely truths relative to modern ideas of reform were stated recently by Rev. Otis Hughson, of Lexington, Ky., in response to a request from the minis-ters' Union of that place to preach against the city's lawlessness. The clergyman declined to do so, saying that such a sermon " would of necessity smack strongly of politics, at least in the public mind," and he was "op-posed to what might seem political in the pulpit." "When people," he said, "have assembled in a church for the purpose of being instructed in religion, and when standing before them in my prophetic office, I deem it a malfeasance of office to sidetrack their thoughts upon politics." Speaking of the work of reform leagues and similar bodies, Mr. Hughson said that while they might accom-plish something for the moment, yet "working alone the result will be short lived, and in a few months we return to the same*condition. Lexow committees may aid in the work of reform, but their history in other cities has proven only their inability to accomplish any lasting good. Unveiling the sins of the city officials is right and should be done, but even that has accomplished almost nothing with us. Spasmodic vituperation from pulpit and platform will only injure both the pulpit and the platform. Local option, in itself a very noble move-ment, has failed in doing any permanent good, for often at the next election the place goes 'wet.' All these things may be used, but they must be used by men whose char-acters have been made in good homes and by those who have strong enough faith in God to keep them right. "The home system throughout the cities of the United States is bad. All history proves that a home-less people will be a lawless people. I tremble for the city that feels the necessity of a curfew law. It takes the management of the children very largely from the hands of the parents and puts it into the hands of the police, and reduces the respect of the child for the parent. It teaches the child that home is not a peaceful, sweet resort, but a prison to which he must be taken by an officer of the law. Either one of two things ought to exist with regard to boys staying at home when they are not engaged in some useful work outside the home. Home should be a place so pleasant they would desire to be there, or parental authority should be so strong as that they would be compelled to stay there. When we are dependent upon boys that have been reared practi-cally without a home or home training for the voters and officers of our city, we need not expect much im-provement." The more ministers of the gospel give their attention to reform work through the agency of reform leagues, policemen and the courts, the less will they be able to diffuse the spirit and influence of Christianity, without which there can be no reform that is real or lasting. 