412 A MERT CA N SENTINEL. mediaeval church-and-state "law" and appeal to it as being still in force! By which they proclaim that they are friendly to such legislation, when it is a question of enforcing Sunday. That is the spirit of Sunday enforce-ment, and it is the same spirit the world over:Š] At the Ballarat Police Court, on May 1, a carter of that city was charged, under the act of Charles II., with exercising his worldly calling on the Lord's day. The alleged offense consisted in carting some scenery from the railway station to the theater on Sunday morning. The defending counsel contended:Š "That if the act under which the prosecution was laid was enforced in its entirety, hardly a person in the community would escape. Among other things, the act provided that 'all and every person and persons what-soever shall, on the Lord's day, apply themselves to the observation of the same by exercising themselves thereon in the duties of piety and true religion, publicly and pri-vately.' The act further demandedŠ' That repairing to church on the Lord's day should be carefully put into execution.' Continuing, Mr. Ham asked why the rail-way commissioner was not also, prosecuted for carrying the same scenery by train on Sunday." This is certainly a logical conclusion. If the act of Charles II. is right and is to be enforced, every part of it should be so regarded. But one feature of the case, as reported in the Ballarat Courier, of May 2, seems to be especially significant. After considering some law points raised, the bench consulted, and before the defendant had been called upon to give evidence, the chairman said:Š "They were quite agreed that the Sabbath (Sunday) must be preserved at any cost, and there was no doubt defendant had been guilty." To this the counsel objected, stating that the deci-sion was being given without hearing his client. The carter was then called to give evidence; this he did statz ing that he regarded the work as a matter of neces-sity. To this the chairman replied,,"We are of the same opinion still. What you have said hasn't altered our minds. You will be fined five shillings." If religious in-stitutions cannot exist without deeming a man guilty before he has given his defense, they certainly cannot be of any value to humanity. When will the State learn that the logic of making or enforcing religious laws is either to make its citizens outlaws or hypocrites? Sup-pose this act of Charles II. was enforced, hundreds would, no doubt, go to church' just to save prosecution, but they would only go as hypocrites. And those who would not go from principle would become outlaws. So to re-quire a man to take up the religious act of observing Sunday when he does not so desire, can only mean en-forced idleness and religious hypocrisy. The spirit of religious intolerance will deepen as our age advances, but it will not work out human good or God's glory. Sunday is a human institution. The Sabbath (the sev-enth day) belongs to Jehovah, but he has reserved to himself the right of requiring its observance. Ritualism in America.  The Interior. THE process of Romanizing the Episcopal Church in America goes on pari passu with that in Great Britain, with the difference that it is a question to be settled by the people, not by the state. An example is Christ Church, Jersey City. Up till five years ago that congre-gation was classed in the Low Church or evangelical wing. A new rector, one Dr. Elmendorf, then came in, and was successful in transforming it. The name was-changed from Christ Church to the Church of the Holy Cross, and the High Church ritual was introduced. Last week the rector issued circulars to a select number, an-nouncing the institution of the confessional, and giving instructions in preparation for and performance of the-new "duty." The evangelicals are, some resisting, some withdraw-ing, but Dr. Elmendorf, at the end of five years of prep-aration, feels confident of his ability to hold the fort..  We do not think much about the Roman Catholic con-fessional, as it is an old tradition with them; but for a "Protestant" rector to invite the women (for that is what it will amount to) to whisper their tattle into his ears and to grant them absolution, has a sinister and unmanly aspect. What business has a man to try to induee another man's wife to make more of .a confident of him than she does of her husband? "Waning Destiny." REV. B. M. PALMER, of New Orleans, La., a Presby-terian, and one of the leading clergymen of the South,. gave utterance to the following impression at a recent unveiling of a monument:Š "The old republic is gone; the empire has come. I bow to that will, infinitely wise and superior, which hasŁ ordained it, whilst others, with prophetic eye, seek to in-terpret the symbols which are turned upon the yet un-written pages of the chapters of the book. As I seek to-read and interpret these, I stand appalled before the opening history upon which our sons and our descend-ants must enter. But whilst living to see the old record,  closed, and to open my eyes upon the first pages of the new American history, yet to be written, I confess to a supreme faith in the infinite wisdom and power of Him who sits in universal supremacy over the destinies of na-tions and men, and with a sort of clinging confidence in the versatility and genius of that wonderful American, statesmanship that may yet lead the empire on through her waning destiny, restraining it from those errors-which have blasted other empires of the past, so that ours shall not be numbered among those which lie-stranded forever upon the shores of time." This minister evidently sees the irreparable outcome of American imperialism. S. B. HORTON. 