THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 303 Boyd was one of the enthusiasts in the beginning. He said, I believe the majority of people are will-ing to let the Sunday question rest as it is. I got tired of fighting a dead issue. My time and strength were wasted in the league. Hereafter I will give my entire time and attention to the edu-cational lines marked out in the church of which I am pastor.' " THE New York World has opened a column to women for the expression of their views of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair. At the head -of the column it says:Š Twelve out of thirteen of the Board of Women Managers of the exhibit of the State of New York 'for the World's Fair, have protested against the action of the General Manager in deciding to close the Fair on Sunday. It would be interesting to know how women generally regard this matter. Are the twelve women of the board alone in their :Opinion or do all the women in the country stand as twelve to one in favor of opening the Fair every day of the week? 'These columns are open to a discussion of the question. Every woman is in- , vited to cast her vote for or against the closing of the Fair on Sunday and to state her reasons. No 'vote will be recorded unless accompanied by the voter's name and address. These will be pub-lished or not, according to the voter's wish. In its issue of Sept. 22, the World records the vote as five to one in favor of Sunday opening:- A Brooklyn woman in the course of a pungently forcible expression of her views says most emphat-ically," No force bill methods will avail in church matters." Certainly they will not avail to enforce true religion. THE following is from a private letter written by a Seventh-day Adventist living in Atlanta, Ga. Monday last, two policemen visited the writer and Brother Š, to talk to us about working on the Sabbath, meaning Sunday. I will not state all they said. Among other things, they said that if Jews and others did not like the laws here, let them go to some other country. Again, they often used the expression, " We can't have the Sabbath desecrated. They referred to saloons and stores, and asked " how it would look to have them open on the Sabbath." We told them we were in favor of closing the saloons every day in the week. When they were about to leave, we invited them to come back and see us again. They said, " We will, and you will change your doctrine;" but we think not. These expressions show the Atlanta police to be apt students of Ł National Reform doctrine. Here-tofore the authorities of Atlanta have given their attention largely to stopping railroad traffic on Sunday, and the closing of saloons, but it seems that is becoming uninteresting, if not unprofitable; so now they begin to attack those who have a principle to defend in the matter, and who are foe-men more worthy of their steel. THE Washington Post after telling in its leading editorial of the issue of September 9, on the new movement started in Chicago to have the Fair opened Sunday, reprints President Higinbotham's reasons for signing the petition, and adds :Š Those propositions fairly state the case as viewed from a moral and sympathetic standpoint, but, of course, they fail to answer the strictly doctrinal objections to Sunday opening. Between these two views 'are difficulties of reconciliation interposed that seem apparently insuperable, and there- is grave doubt whether Congress can be induced to recede' from the position it has taken. Yet the dominant sentiment of the American people, if it could be ascertained, would doubtless favor the opening of the major portion of the Exposition on Sundays -as an object lesson -to -the people the most valuable of its kind in all their lives, and calculated to make of them better and more intel-ligent citizens. This feeling has just been ex-pressed in a resolution adopted by the Wome is Board of Managers of the State of New York to the effect that the Exposition be opened on Sun-days " for the benefit of all classes."  Besides failing to answer the strictly doctrinal objections they also fail most utterly to answer the fundamental objection that the civil law by right has no authority over a religious observance, either to enforce or to abrogate. HISTORY OF THE WALDENSES, 'y J. 1a. Wylie, IsLz.D. ILLUSTRATED BY 20 FULL-PAGE ENGRAVINGS. This work describes the conflicts waged by the Waldenses, and the martyrdoms they endured in defense of their faith and their liberty. Recent events have brought the Waldenses to notice, and thrown a new light upon the grandeur of their struggle and the important issues which have flowed from it. In their mountain fastnesses they maintained the faith of the early Christians, and by their untiring missionary labors, this faith was diffused to all the nations of Europe, thus prepar-ing the way for the great Reformation. This his-tory is well calculated to strengthen our faith in the power of the gospel to sustain the soul of the believer under the most bitter and cruel persecu-tion, and to incite to perseverance in the cause of the Master. 212 pages. Price 90c. CHRISTIAN TEMPERANCE. BY MRS. E. G. WHITE. This new work from the pen of this well-known author is one of the most important of her works, and presents her views upon the vital subjects of health and temperance more fully than any of her previous writings. It is a volume of great interest and practical importance. No Sev-enth-day Adventist family can afford to be without it. Price, cloth, $1.25; cloth, gilt edges, $1.50. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some $1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 173 pages, 20 cents. SOCIAL PURITY. BY J. H KELLOGG, M. D. Just from the press, a new and attractive edition of this popular little work, carefully re-vised, and with much fresh, excellent matter added. This is not a dry, dull homily, which will be thrown down by the reader before the middle of the first page is reached, 'but a live, vigorous, and " telling ' little work, written in the interests of pure morals and worthy citizenship. Nothing more chaste, concise, and effective in the line of social purity literature has ever been written. The special attention of all social purity organizations throughout the country is called to this work. Between one and two hundred thou-sand copies are already sold. Order largely and scatter widely, if you would preach to the people the gospel of clean living. 82 pages; single copy, 25 cents. Write for special terms per 100 on large orders. POLISHED STONES AND SHARPENED ARROWS, BY C. W. BIBB. SCRIPTURE TEXTS AND ILLUSTRATIONS FOR THE CHRISTIAN WORKER AND THE HOME. This volume was prepared to serve as a hand-book of illustra-tions for the preacher, the teacher, and the Christian worker, that they may abound more and more in every good word and work. An apt illustration will of ten touch the secret spring of the heart so that its door will swing open to receive the truth. The book is divided into twenty-three chapters, and contains an index to scripture texts to which the reader can quickly refer and find the illustration which accompanies the Bible text. The book conains 374 pages, bound in brown cloth, price $1.25, Complete Dictionary OF SYNONYMS AND ANTONYMS. - BY RIGHT REV. SAMUEL FALLOWS, A. M., D. D. With an appendix, embracing a dictionary of Briticisms, Americanisms, colloquial phrases, etc., in current use; the grammatical uses of prepositions and prepositions discrim-inated; a list of homonyms and homophonous words; a collec-tion of foreign phrases, and a complete list of abbreviations and contractions used in writing and printing. 512 pages cloth, $1.00. gar-The above named books will be sent post-paid on receipt of price. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. 12th & Castro Streets, I 43 Bond Street, OAKLAND, CAL. NEW YORK. GOOD HEALTH, A monthly illustrated journal devoted to health, temperance, and sanitary science, teaches both physical and mental hygiene, and embodies the results of the latest scientific investigation in the direction of the prevention and cure of disease. First class in every respect, it stands at the head of the journals of its kind throughout the world. It has been established twenty years, and is an ac-knowledged authority upon all subjects that come within its province, being now more popular than ever before, as its large and increasing subscription list shows. Price $1.00 per year. The fine pre-mium offer begun last year will be continued through 1892. To new subscribers with copy of premium book, " Household Monitor of Health," $1.37; to old subscribers, copy of journal one year and book, $1.62. Address Good Health Publishing Co., Battle Creek, Mich. SIBERIA AND THE NIHILISTS.ŠWhy Kennan went to Siberia. By William Jack-son Armstrong. This is one of the most in-tensely interesting and thoroughly reliable contributions to literature on Russia and the Nihilists ever published. Everybody should read this book, because no one can be intel-ligent upon the subject of which it treats without familiarity with its contents. 160 pages, paper covers, 25 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 12TH A CASTRO STREETS, I 43 BOND STREET, OAKLAND, CAL. NEW YORE, USEFUL AND INTERESTING BOOKS FOR BOTH OLD AND NEW SUBSCRIBERS. We will send the Signs of the Times one year, with your choice of either one of the following books, post-paid, for $2.00: PROPHETIC LIGHTS, by E. J. WAG-GONER, Prophecies of the Old and New Testaments, interpreted by the Bible and history. Paper bound, 180 pages, handsomely illustrated. HISTORICAL SKETCHES OF FOR-EIGN MISSIONS of Seventh-day Adventists, with maps showing location of churches, etc., 294 pages, paper binding. LIFE AND WORDS OF CHRIST, by C. GEIKIE, D D. This is a cheap edition, contains over 800 pages, and is bound in cloth. Every library ought to contain these interesting and instructive books. The signs of the Times is a 16-page weekly religions journal, and will be furnished at the following prices of subscription: Single copy, one year, post-paid, - - - $1.50. In clubs of 10 and over to one address, - - 1.25. To foreign countries in Postal Union, - ($2) 8s. Address SIGNS OF THE TIMES, 12th and Castro Sts., Oakland, Cal. U. S. A. The Grand Trunk Railway OF CANADA AND THE Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway Form the GREAT THROUGH LINE to all Points in the West, AND OFFER TO THE TRAVELING PUBLIC THE ADVANTAGE OF THROUGH TRAINS WITHOUT TRANSFER, AND A VIEW OF THE ST. CLAIR TUNNEL, "THE LINK THAT BINDS TWO GREAT NATIONS." It is the greatest submarine tunnel in the world, extending from Port Huron, Mich., under the St. Clair River to Sarnia, Ontario, and connecting the Grand Trunk Railway System of Canada with the Chicago & Grand Trunk Railway. It has just been completed at a cost of $2,700,000. The tunnel proper is a continuous iron tube, nineteen feet and ten inches in diameter, and 6025 feet, or more than a mile, long. The length of the approaches, in addition to the tunnel proper, is 5603 feet, making all told a little over two miles. Trains of the Grand Trunk and Chicago & Grand Trunk Railways are hauled through this tunnel by engines specially constructed for the purpose. They are said to be the largest engines in the world. The entire weight of the engine and tender rests upon ten drive-wheels. The weight of one of these monster engines in actual service is found to be approx-imately one hundred tons. N. J. POWER, W. E. DAVIS, G. P. A. Grand Trunk Ry., G. P. & T. A. C. G. T. Ry., MONTREAL, CANADA. CHICAGO, ILL. -FRANK P. DWYER, Eastern Passenger Agent, G. T. By., 271 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY. 