AMERICAN Sentinel Clubbing List. SENTINEL and Chicago Inter Ocean  $1.50 SENTINEL and New York Tribune  1.75 SENTINEL and Cosmopolitan  1.85 SENTINEL and Iowa Homestead  1.75 SENTINEL and Rural New Yorker  1.75 SENTINEL and Signs of the Times (new subs.)  1.50 SENTINEL and Review and Herald (new subs.)  2.00 SENTINEL and Youth's Instructor (new subs.)  1.50 SENTINEL and Good Health (new subs.)  1.50 SENTINEL and Missionary Magazine  1.25 SENTINEL and. Dumb Animals  1.25 11-4 I WITH OUR dDVEHTISEES. ENTERPRISING boys and girls of the SENTINEL family can, with a little effort, earn a watch that is an accurate time-keeper. Consult the advertisement of the Bluine Co. in this paper. They will do just as they say. ANY reader of the SENTINEL having in mind the taking of a short-hand or commercial course, cannot do better than to send for a catalogue of the Capital City Commercial College, Des Moines, Ia. We are personally acquainted with a number of SENTINEL readers who are graduates of this school, and without exception they have had no difficulty in securing and holding responsi-ble positions. We regard the school as one of the very best in the country. WE have for the first time inserted in this issue the advertisement of the College View, Nebraska, Sanitarium Bakery. The foods prepared by this establishment are in every way first-class, and cover quite a large range. They are such as are used at the Nebraska Sanitarium, the advertisement of which has appeared in our columns for some time since. The prices are low for the quality, and the quality is no better in any goods of the kind manufactured anywhere. Write for circulars giving prices and full particulars to address found in the ad-vertisement. IN A NUTSHELL. DID you ever try nut-butter, 'Stead of that made from a cow? If you haven't, we advise you To begin the business now." This is part of one stanza of a facetiously written poem in a very neatly gotten-up circular sent out by Mr. Joseph Lambert, Battle Creek, Mich., manufacturer of Nut Butter Mills. These mills are something new, and turn out a grade of nut butter that astonishes all who eat it. If the idea is a new one to any of our readers, just send to Mr. Lambert for a circular, giving full de-scription, prices, etc. He is perfectly reliable, and implicit confidence can be put in all he says. IN this issue we have inserted the advertisement of the Webster's International Dictionary. We need not state its value as standard authority wherever the Eng-lish language is spoken. It is warmly commended by leading educators the world over. No home should be without a good dictionary, and this is the cheapest un-abridged one published. A warm friend of the SENTINEL not long ago said to us, "There are two books that with me go hand in hand; they are inseparableŠthey are the  Bible and Webster's Unabridged Dictionary. No Bible student can afford to be without this master of the English language." The new Webster's International Dictionary is up to date in every respect, and in this office is standard authority. For sale at all leading book stores. DIABETIC sufferers, who are restricted in diet, find a change, grateful to the palate and immediately beneficial to the complaint, in the use of the "Special Diabetic Flour," made by Farwell & Rhines, of Watertown, N. Y. This flour has been tested by chemical analysis and found to be free from deleterious, indigestible matter, and as nearly free from starch as it is possible to make a practi-cal bread-stuff. High medical indorsements have at-tested the value of the "Special Diabetic Flour," in prac-tice, its use resulting in a marked diminution in the amount of sugar. Bread made from this flour is digesti-ble in the highest degree; and the patient does not easily tire of it. "Health," the London weekly publication, in a lengthy article praising the "Special Diabetic Flour," said : "Chemical examination of this food shows that it is very rich in gluten, and that its proportion of saccha-rine matter is extremely limited. These are precisely the characters to be looked for in a typical diabetic food." That the makers have perfect faith in their goods is evi-dent from their offer of free baking samples. These sam-ples are sent on request, together with particulars con-cerning their other health flours for dyspepsia, constipa-tion, and obesity, and the new diuretic "Barley Crystals." Farwell & Rhine's goods are unlike all other products. s Ł -4 4 To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Penn. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft OD New York. Personal checks are not desired. S. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other ii.dividual. 4. We, will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not betaken. If paper money or coin is sent, 1.egister the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or hi principle. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00 44 Six months, 44 Three " - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street. New York. SENTINEL. 733 