792 AMERICAN SENTINEL. As one reads the newspapers and magazines these days, there are two general impressions which make them-selves felt upon his mind. One is, that the condition of affairs in this world, as regards government and the re-lations of the people with each other, is very unsatisfac-tory. It has been very bad for a long time, and seems to be getting worse rather than better. PEOPLE find a great deal of fault with the govern-ment. It fails to promote those ends of human welfare which it is supposed that governments are intended to serve, and people are beginning to distrust it and to look to other means for reaching what they conceive to be the demands of justice. It is quite fashionable now to lynch some kinds of real or supposed criminals instead of seek-ing to have them dealt with by the law. This is only one symptom of the general state of things. There are many others which find expression in different ways, but all in-dicative of the same general feeling that the affairs of government have been mostly turned out of the course of justice, and into the channel of subserviency to narrow and selfish ends. * AT the bottom of this is a general feeling of natural distrust on the part of the people. As was said recently by a speaker who has carefully noted the situation, '`The Republican party has no confidence in the Democratic, nor the Democratic in the Republican; the East distrusts the West and the West the East; the employer has no faith in the conscience of the employe, nor does the em-ploye trust the employer. We find these various lines of cleavage running all through societyŠeverywhere this lack of confidence." This being so, it is not strange that newspaper and magazine literature should be largely de-voted to showing how things are not as they ought to be, and how one class of individuals are knaves and an-other class fools for allowing them to be as they are. * AT the same timeŠand this is the other impression that one getsŠthere are an abundance of infallible reme-dies for all these evils. Almost every writer has one for the evils of which he speaks, and its virtue is so plain that, in his opinion, only bigotry or prejudice can prevent any individual from seeing it. So almost everybody is hope-ful that, while things are in a very bad state just now, they will be all right very shortly, as soon as the people  can get to work and supply the remedy. It is human,  nature to be hopeful, and it is well that is so; yet it is not well to build hopes upon a false foundation. Almost everybody hopes and intends to do better and be better in the near future than he has done and been in the past, basing this hope and intention on the feeling that he could do better if he only would; and so of the people in general; they likewiseŠso it is feltŠ could do better if they only would; and the would-be reformer has hopeful visions of a day just at hand when the people will rise up and do these better things, and relegate the evils which prevail in society and government into an eternal obliv-ion. And in some such way as thisŠso some of them thinkŠwill be ushered in the millennium. BUT the truth is that the situation demands a remedy which is really beyond the power of the people themselves to supply. Just as with the individual who is always "going" to do better, so with the nation, which is made up of individuals, there is necessary a higher power and wisdom than resides in humanity to produce the better reality which is in prospect. And the trouble is that in-stead of looking to this higher source, men are looking only to themselves, trying to get out of themselves some-thing which will lift them above themselves, up to the plane of moral perfection. But the plane of self, and of all that is in self, is right where they are now; and to try to get any power out of self to elevate themselves above this, is but to try to lift one's self by one's self. Every body learns in childhood that this cannot be done, as regards the body. But very many seem never able to learn the parallel truth as regards the soul. * WHOEVER would lift himself higher than he is, must take hold of something above him, and not hold of the straps of his boots. And as it must be with one individ-ual, so must it be with the whole people. THE great "Christian" Powers of Europe who have for years been in the partitioning business with respect to such territory as they did not already possess, and independently of the consent of the inhabitants, have now come in sight of a very fat prize of this nature, and their hands are fairly itching to get hold of it. And this prize is nothing else than the great empire of China. All signs point to the conclusion that this venerable empire, which can claim a greater antiquity than any other empire on the globe, will in the natural course of events soon become a thing of history only; that it is about to fall a victim to the insatiable lust for wealth which is the characteristic spirit of the age. * THE justification for this proceeding on the part of the PowersŠas they view itŠhas been involuntarily fur- 