Ł The nation Is created by. God; Therefore the nation is a moral person, and hence is Subject to the law of God. The company is created by the State; Therefore the company is not a moral person, and hence is Not subject to the law of God. THE .AMERICAN SENTINEL. 45 providential governmentŠleads to the subver-sion of morals, and the destruction of the rail-road itself. That a railroad company is pos-sessed of moral character, that it is therefore a subject of moral law, and consequently account-able to, God, is not theory but fact; not hypoth-esis, but science. That all men do not admit that a railroad company is a moral being, and accountable to God, does not prove that it is not an established principle of moral and political National Reform science. Therefore the rail-road company, being a moral person, must have a religion of its own, and must exercise itself about religious affairs. There, that is a genuine National Reform ar-gument. And we submit to any candid mind that it is just as good in proof of the person-ality and moral obligation of the railroad com-pany as it is for that of the State. And not only for the railroad company and the State, but likewise, and equally, good for the person-ality and moral obligation of banks, insurance companies, steamship companies, gas companies, water companies, publishing companies, lodges, benefit societies2  clubs, corporations, and associ-ations of all kinds; and the logic of the whole situation is that each and every one of these must in its corporate capacity " have a re-ligion of its own, and must exercise itself about religious affairs." If the premises of the Na-tional Reform Association be true, this conclu-sion and a number of other equally absurd inevitably follow, or else there is no truth in syllogisms. But if the logic of the thing be so absurd, it only demonstrates the absurdity of the principle. Now the National Reformers, being wedded to the principle, and wishing to be divorced from the inevitable conclusions, resort to the fallacy that railroad, bridge, steamboat, etc., companies are " but creatures of the State," and so are not moral persons. Dr. McAllister in the Cleveland convention, in trying to meet this point said:Š " The nation is a moral person, created by God, and creation implies the authority of the creator; but a company of the kind described, receives its charter from the State, is subject to the laws of the State." - With that,,place the following from Rev. T. C. Sproull in the same convention, speaking to the same resolution as was Dr. McAllister:Š " If the nation is not a moral being, it cannot be subject to the law of God." Accordingly, between the State and the com-pany, we have the following CONTRAST. Now if, as they say, the railroad and other companies are not-moral persons; and if, as they also say, and which is manifestly true, these not-moral persons (or companies) " cannot be sub-ject to the law of God," then why is there so much ado made about these " Sabbath-break-ing railroads," these " Sabbath-breaking steam-boats," and so on through the list? Then why are the railroad companies told, as they are in the address of the International Sabbath As-sociation, printed in the Statesman of Feb. 7, 1884, pp. 2, 3:Š " Your action in thus multiplying trains to desecrate the day of rest is in direct violation of divine law" t "In view of your responsibilities to God, . . . you cannot afford to do this." We would respectfully submit to the consid-eration of the National Reform Party the fol-lowing: From your own premises there is not, and there cannot be, any such thing as a Sab- bath-breaking railroad company, nor any other kind of a Sabbath-breaking company. For you say, first (truly), the Sabbath is a part of the law of God; secondly, you say that a not-moral person " cannot be subject to the law of God;" thirdly, you say that the company, as distin-guished from the Government, is "not a moral person"; and then, .you inconsistently accuse the railroad companies of "direct violation of divine law"1 Now how is it possible for a person, 'being, or thing which " cannot be subject to the law of God," to violate that law ? It is plainly impos- sible for a not-moral being to violate moral law. It is equally impossible for such a being to have any "responsibilities to God;" because where there can be no subjection to law, there can be no violation of law; and where there can be no violation of law, there can be no obedience to law; and where there can be no obedience to the law of God, there is no responsibility to God. Therefore it just as absolutely follows from your premises that a railroad or other company can-not break the Sabbath, as that two and two make four. And it is just as absolutely true that your resort to a fallacy to escape an ab- surdity, has involved you in a glaring inconsist-ency; for it is plainly inconsistent for you to hold a being subject to that to which you say it "cannot be subject." But if you persist in holding the companies responsible to the law of God, you must admit that they are moral beings, and hence equally with the Government must profess a religion, and have a test, and with that, logically admit an infinite number of other absurd conclusions; in short, admit that every combination of hu-man beings for a common purpose, must, as such combination, profess a religion and have a test. Here, then, is the dilemma of the National Reform Party,Šeither an inconsistency or an absurdity. But we have no ground for hope that they will abandon either the fallacy or the absurdity. For as the fallacy was adopted for the express purpose of escaping the absurdity, for them to abandon either would be to abandon their cause. Therefore we have only to expect that they will act in harmony with the ways of error always, and hold to both the absurdity and the inconsistency, and when questioned about either, do as is suggested by Rev. R. C. Wylie in the Statesman, of Feb. 14, 1884; that is, " adopt a plan that will prevent a repetition " of any such questions. A. T. J. " STATE churches commonly die of moral py-aemia. History has not yet proved that, with-out reformatory awakenings from outside, and disciplinary dislodgements within, a church of Christ welded to the State can be saved from sinking into a Sybaritic civilization in which the crumpled roseleaf takes all spirit out of evan-gelistic enterprise."ŠProf Austin Phelps, D. D., in Congregationalist. Religion and the Church. WHEN so much is said pro and con about a union of Church and State, it is fitting that we know exactly what is meant by " the church." Many people erroneously suppose that the term refers to some particular denomination, as the Methodist, Baptist, or Presbyterian. But this is not the case. To use the term in that sense would be manifestly unfair. If in speak-ing of "the church" we should refer to some special denomination, we would thereby imply that no other denomination could be a part of "the church." With the exception of the Catholic, nobody uses the term " the church" with reference to any particular sect. In the Bible "the church" is declared to be the body of Christ. In one place Paul says of Christ that " he is the head of the body, the church" (Col. 1 : 18); and again be says that God "bath put all things under his feet, and gave him to be the head over all things to the church, which is his body." Eph. 1 : 22, 23. Baptism is universally recognized as the en- trance to the church, as Paul says, " By one Spirit are we all baptized into one body," and that this body is Christ is shown by the words, "As many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ." "The church," then, in the strict sense of the word, is composed of those who are "in Christ," who have been converted, " born again," and are consequently " new creatures." From this it is very evident that, strictly speaking, no one religious sect, nor all of them together, can be called "the church." Everybody is willing to admit that in every denomination there are those who'are really members of " the church," because they are united to Christ; but nobody will claim that all of any denomination are truly Christian. Since we cannot always distinguish the true professor from the false one, it is evident that the extent of the church is known only to Him who can read the heart; but it is not conven-ient always to make this fine distinction in our conversation, neither is it possible; and there-fore we speak of all who profess the religion of Jesus as members of his church. Thus we as-sume, since we cannot decide, that each individ- ual's profession is an honest one. Now mark this fact: the religion of Jesus, or the profession of that religion, is the distin- guishing characteristic of the church. It is that which makes the church, and without that there is no church. With this matter clearly in mind, we are prepared to decide for ourselves whether or not the Religious Amendment Party is in favor of a union of Church and State. And this decision shall be made from the published state- ments of that party. In the National Conven- tion held in New York in 1873, Dr. Jonathan Edwards, of Peoria, Ill., said:Š " It is just possible that the outcry against Church and State may spring rather from hatred to revealed religion than from an intel-ligent patriotism. But where is the sign, the omen of such Church and State mischief com-ing upon us? Who will begin and who will finish this union of Church and State? If you think the Roman Catholic can do it in spite of the watchfulness of the Protestant; or that one Protestant sect can do it amid the jealousy of 