NEWS, NOTES AND COMMENT 442 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 4-1111,1111117TITMITMMITIMMVITIMMVIMIMIM In commenting upon the recent arrest and fining in North Carolina of a Seventh-day Adventist cripple for selling candy and peanuts on Sunday, the Amer-ican Israelite says : "It is an acknowledged fact that these people are the best of citizens, noted for their temperance, industry and frugality. In almost every instance they have not been arrested because they were obtrusive in their Sunday labor, or in any way disturbed people who observed that day, but simply because they differ in their belief from the predominant Christian denominations. There is something besides anti-Semitism in this world." Yea, truly there is "something besides anti-Semit-ism in this world,"Šsomething radically wrong. It is the same spirit of intolerance that killed Cain, sold Joseph into bondage, crucified Christ, made millions of martyrs during the Dark Ages. And the end is not yet. "While a minister was offering public prayer at the opening of the great political convention on July 4," says the Michigan Christian Advocate, "a strong band came marching into the hall with every instru-ment tooting or clanging. The worldly methods are noisy, and too often drown the contemplative moods. This is true in the case of all men. In this special in-stance it was a great pity that the devotional moments of skilled politicians should be at all shortened. They are all too brief already in every party." We don't want to discourage prayer, but if there is a place where it is utterly inappropriate that place is a political convention. There is no more reason why a political convention should be opened -with prayer than that the polls should be opened by prayer. The idea that "skilled politicians" feel any true devotion at such a time, except devotion to party, is absurd. * * * Baseball playing on Sunday is unlawful in Michi-gan, according to a decision just rendered by the supreme court of that State. The case arose over a game of ball at Owosso, Mich., and the prosecutor was a Methodist clergyman. The Sunday laws are not religious at all, we are told ; but for some reason it is always a clergyman that is seeking their enforce-ment. The facts of this case are thus stated by the Inter Ocean :Š "By statute in Michigan games of baseball are for- ,b4ldep,on Sunday, and whetri a, game was announced through the papers for a certain Sunday, the Metho-dist clergyman called up the sheriff by telephone the night before and notified him that the game was ad-vertised to take place. The sheriff contends that he made an effort to stop the game, but nevertheless it was played. Then the clergyman published an open letter to the sheriff in two local newspapers, charging him, in severe language, with intentional neglect of duty. Thereupon the sheriff began an action for libel and recovered a verdict for $1,000Š$50 damage to his office and $05o for damage to his feelings. The su-preme court reversed this judgment, holding that it was the duty of the sheriff to prevent the game, and if the players persisted in proceeding with it it was his duty promptly to arrest them. The court held fur-ther that a statute forbidding ball games on Sunday is constitutional." "We are among those," says the Michigan Chris-tian Advocate, "who believe that an intelligent and enthusiastic patriotism is included in our Christian religion." If the Advocate is correct, then the Chinese Box-ers must be, if not Christians at least "not far from the kingdom," for they are patriotic to the point of fanaticism. Patriotism is a virtue only so far as it is love of cor-rect principles. If it means no more than love of a certain portion of territory within certain boundaries, either natural or political, it is only an animal instinct, more strongly developed in some beasts and birds than in man. If it means love of the society and in-stitutions of one's country, then it is a virtue only to the extent that that society and those institutions are worthy of confidence and support. Imagine intelligent patriotism in this sense, among the common people in Turkey, Italy, or Russia. It is impossible. But men may be just as truly Christian there as in the most favored lands. "Patriotism" is too often the sentiment of fools and the bulwark of tyrants. * * * Among the inconsistencies of professedly Chris-tian people which furnish atheists with an opportu-nity to rail against Christianity and in their own eyes justify themselves, not the least is the attitude of most churches toward the restriction of Sunday traffic. The following illustration is furnished by the Freethought Magazine : "A convention of Christians recently, passed the following resolution, which we clip from the Chicago Tribune : " 'Resolved, That we give the weight of our in-fluence to every legitimate movement which tends to abolish the sale of intoxicants on the Lord's day, and we urge the complete closing of saloons on Sunday.' "Now, if saloons are good things they ought to be open on all days of the week, and if they are a bad 