290 ANIDE la I C.A.IN-  SIENT111 LVIi1L.o VoL. 10, No. 37 . them as are valid derive all their force, mediately or immediately, from this original. A Sunday law is contrary both to that law which God spoke from Mount Sinai and to the law of natural rights; toŁthe former, in that it puts Sunday in the place of God's Sab-bathŠthe seventh dayŠand to the latter, in that it. invades every man's natural right to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. It is impossible, therefore, that Sunday laws should operate in the inter-ests of peace and order, and of respect for true, or natural, law, which is unchangeable and eternal, and is synonymous with right. Alexander Hamilton said: " In a society, under the form of which the stronger faction can readily unite and oppress the weaker, anarchy may as truly be said to reign as in a state of nature, where the weaker individual is not secure against the violence of the stronger."ŠFederalist Who, then, are the lawless ones to-day, and who are really working in the interests of re-spect for and obedience to law? Can those who adhere to the law of God,Šboth that which he spoke with his own voice, and that natural law of right which is stamped more or less clearly upon every mind, and from which all human law must derive its force,Šcan such be properly viewed as other than law-abiding people, even though that adherence should lead them contrary to some of the stat-utes of men? Is it not perfectly clear that the real pro-moters of lawlessness and anarchy are those who, wittingly or unwittingly, follow the ex-ample of "the lawless one" in setting aside the precept of Him whose throne is in the heavens, and whose kingdom ruleth over all ? When thac law is set aside, confusion and anarchy are the inevitable result. The very heavens, with their shining spheres which de-clare the glory of God, are governed by divine law. Let that law be withdrawn, and celes-tial anarchy would show itself in confusion and the wreck of worlds. All nature testifies that " the law of the Lord is perfect." And we are resolved that our testimony shall agree with hers, by letting the divine law control our lives, as it controls her. All the confusion, theŁlawlessness, the strife and anarchy which darken the face of the earth to-day, are the result of disregard of the perfect. divine law. He who teaches that the ten commandments,  have been abolished, or that any of those precepts have been changed, or in any other way weakens their hold upon men's consciences, is working to keep open the evil fountain that is sending forth itslilood of lawlessness upon the earth. SIMPLY ANTICIPATING A LITTLE. REFERRING to the impression that has some-how gone abroad that old " Uncle" Gillett, of Graysville, was one of the Adventists in the Rhea County chain-gang, the Dayton Repub-lican, of August 30, says:Š " This is anticipating things a little. Mr. Gillett is still enjoying his 'liberty, although but for the postponement of his trial he would doubtless now be working in the Rhea County chain-gang by the side of eight of his neigh-bors. He will be tried at the November term of court, and then we shall see whether the law will demand its pound of flesh. "You see, it is this way: Down here in Tennessee we respect the law. We are law-abiding citizens, gentlemen. In our eyes the law is a sacred instrument. If a lot of men were able to get together and pass a law burn-ing heretics we would obey it. Yes, sir, al-though it would be painful to our feelings we  would obey it, because it would be our duty as good citizens. All law; no matter how wicked and unjust its tendency, must be obeyed because it is the law, and to do other-wise would bring it into contempt. We are sure we are right, because the ablest jurists and preachers in the land hold this view; this is also a maxim handed down to us by the old Spanish inquisitors, and it has the sanction of age and custom; besides being contrary to common sense. " We know Gillett and we like him. He is a man of blameless life, and told us not long since that this is the first time that he has been in a court of justice. Gillett was for-merly a Freethinker. It is only since he has gotten to be a Christian and an Adventist that the law has taken hold of him. Yes, this Christian instrument made by Christian people and enforced by Christian courts, is vindicat-ing its majesty by compelling the people to work at the expense of the State for placing a different interpretation upon the Scripture than what it does. " It is a pity that when Martin Luther slung that ink bottle at the devil he did not brain his satanic majesty on the spot." Ł DR. SUNDERLAND SUNDERLAND ON PERSECUTION. REV. DR. SUNDERLAND, of Washington, D. C., has taken occasion to review the AMERICAN SENTINEL, of July 18, in a three-column article in the Boston Daily Standard, of September 3. The first thing the doctor notices is the " Roll of Honor," a list of about 120 papers that have condemed the persecution of Sev-enth-day Adventists. Of the attitude of these papers, he says :Š It is comparatively easy in this country to denounce the action of the civil authorities in pursuance of ex-isting law as the perpetration of crime upon inoffen-sive men and women, who yet stand the open, con-fessed violators of existing civil law, and yet claim that they areŁinoffensive people, whose conscience will not permit them to obey the law, because the law is man-made, and not God-made, in their opinion. Thus they turn upon the law and its faithful administration by those who are lawfully charged with its execution, and claim to be " oppressed " by this " un-American, unjust, bigoted and intolerant proceeding." They claim to be more holy than the law itself; that, in-deed, the law is in direct contravention of God's law, and that in deference to God's law they are perfectly justified in trampling on the State law, which they claim should be at once abolished. This shows that the doctor's sympathies are entirely with the persecution and not with its victims. He speaks of turning " upon the law and its faithful administration by those who are lawfully charged with its execution," etc. ; but the same number of the SENTINEL that published the " Roll of Honor," pub-lished an article, " Partial in the Law," showing that those " faithful " administrators of "law" conveniently closed their eyes to all violation except by Seventh-day Adventists. This fact alone brands the so-called' enforce- ment of the Tennessee Sunday " law " as reli-gious persecutio'n. But that Dr. Sunderland has no apprecia- tion whatever of the real question involved is evident from this statement:Š The whole structure of this argument rests upon one small pivot, the calendar of the Sabbath. It turns simply on the question whether the Jewish or the Christian calendar is in vogue. They cling to the Jewish calendar, and ninety-nine one-hundreths of all Christendom accept the Christian calendar. The whole question turns upon nothing of this kind. The question is a very simple one: Shall the minority have the right to believe and practice`as they please in matters of faith, so long as they do not interfere with the equal rights of others? It is utterly absurd to contend that private work, such as is carried on by the Adventists, in any way interferes with the right of the majority to keep Sunday, or that it interferes in any way with the due observance of that day by anybody who wishes to keep it. The very most that can be claimed is that it is of-fensive to the moral sensibilities of those who regard Sunday as a sacred day. But has civil government any right to undertake to "protect" the majority from such a shock to their moral sensibilities? To do so would be to return at once to the maxims and methods of the Dark Ages. Moreover, the circumstances show that the moral shock is not due to the fact that the Adventists work on Sunday, but that their Sunday work, coupled with their Sabbath rest, is a protest against Sunday sacredness. No effort is made to prosecute others who work on Sunday; railroad trains, iron furnaces, coke ovens, livery stables, are operated on Sunday, and no effort is made to interfere with them. Daily papers are published in Tennessee, and in the cities street-cars run; and yet all these things are against the law equally as much as is the work done by Adventists. As stated in the number of the SENTINEL, which Dr. Sun-derland reviews, a member of the grand jury, that found the indictments against the Ad-ventists, and was very prominent in their prosecution, works himself and employs others to work for him on Sunday in the fruit sea-son, simply to shield himself from loss; and again, we say, the question is not as to the calendar, but as to whether Seventh-day Adventists shall enjoy equal rights with other people. The doctor's talk about "Jewish calendar " and the " Christian calendar" is all sheer nonsense. Both Jews and Christians have the same week, and have had from time immemo-rial. The contention that man's first day was God's seventh day, is utterly without founda-tion. There is not a scintilla of evidence to support it. It is true that man was created on the sixth day, and that his first full day was the seventh day of creation week; but that it was his first day is absurd, for the man was not only created upon the preceding day (the sixth), but the woman was also created upon that day and given to man, so that the sixth day was not only Adam's first day, but it was his wedding day. But this whole matter of man's first day being God's seventh day, is too silly to discuss seriously. We are not dependent for our knowledge of the Sabbath upon man's count of the weeks. It was a matter of direct rev-elation to the children of Israel. When they came out of Egypt and were led into the wil-derness, God removed all possibility of doubt as to the identical day to be kept, by withhold-ing manna upon that day every week for forty years. There was no possibility of a mistake there; God makes no mistakes. Then again, at the time of the crucifixion we have the Sabbath unerringly pointed out by the statement concerning the holy women, that " they returned and prepared spices and ointments, and rested the Sabbath day, accord-ing to the commandment." Within less than a generation from that time the Jews were scattered to every nation under heaven; and yet history records no dis-agreement arising either among the Jews, or between the Jews and Gentiles, as to the cor-rect numbering of the days of the week. This agreement is utterly destructive of the claim that any change of calendar could change the reckoning of the weeks; and it is equally fatal to the contention that nobody can tell which is the seventh day of the week. The doctor's contention that the first day of the week is called the sabbath in the orig- 