292 THE AMERICAN SENTINVL. Order and preservation of civil government essen-tially depend upon piety, religion, and morality, and as these can not be generally diffused through *community but by the institution of the public worship' of God and of phis& instructions in piety, religion, and morality: Therefore to promote their happiness and to secure the good order and preser-vation of their government, the people of this com-monwealth have a right to invest their legislature with power to authorize and require, and the legis-lature shall, from time to time, authorize and re-quire, the several towns, parishes, precincts, and other bodies-politic or religious societies to make suitable provision, at their own expense, for the institution of the public worship of God and for the support and maintenance of public Protestant teachers of piety, religion, and morality in all cases where such provision shall not be made vol-untarily." Or as in sections 5 and 14 of article 7, of the Constitution of Mississippi, 1832: "No per-son who denies the being of a God, or a future state of rewards and punishments, shall hold any office in the civil department of this State. . . . Religion, morality, and knowledge being necessary to good government, the preservation of liberty, and the happiness of mankind, schools, and the means of education, shall forever be encouraged in this State." Or by article 22 of the Constitution of Delaware, 1776, which required all officers, besides an oath of allegiance, to make and sub-scribe the following declaration: "I, A. B., do profess faith in God the Father, and in Jesus Christ His only Son, and in the Holy Ghost, one God, blessed for evermore; and I do aknowledge the Holy Scriptures of the Old and New Testament to be given by divine inspiration." THE CONSTITUTION ITSELF AN ECCLESIASTICAL DOCUMENT. Even the Constitution of the United States, which is supposed to have little touch upon the private life of the individual, contains in the First Amendment a declaration common to the Consti-tutions of all the States, as follows: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," &c. And also provides in article 1, section 7, (a provision common to many constitutions,) that the Executive shall have ten days (Sundays excepted) within which to determine whether he will ap-prove or veto a bill. THE COURTS AFFIRM A UNION OF RELIGION WITH THE NATION. There is no dissonance in these declarations. There is a universal language pervading them all, having one meaning; they affirm and reaffirm that this is a religious Nation. These are not individual sayings, declarations of private persons; they are organic utterances ; they speak the voice of the en-tire people. While because of a general recog-nition of this truth the question has seldom been presented to the courts, yet we find that in Upde-graph v. The Commonwealth, (11 Serg. & Rawle, 394, 400,) it was decided that, "Christianity, gen-eral Christianity, is, and always has been, a part of the common law of Pennsylvania; . . . not Christianity with an established church, and tithes, and spiritual courts ; but Christianity with liberty of conscience to all men." And in The People v. Ruggles, (8 Johns. 290, 294, 295,) Chancellor Kent, the great commentator on American law, speaking as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of New York, said: "The people of this State, in com-mon with the people of this country, profess the general doctrines of Christianity, as the rule of their faith and practice; and to scandalize the author of these doctrines not only, in a religious point of view, extremely impious, but, even in re-spect to the obligations due to society, is a gross violation of decency and good order. . . . The free, equal, and undisturbed enjoyment of reli-gious opinion, whatever it may be, and free and decent discussions on any religious subject, is granted and secured ; but to revile, with malicious and blasphemous contempt, the religion professed by almost the whole community, is an abuse of that right. Nor are we bound, by any expressions in the Constitution, as some have strangely sup-posed, either not to punish at all, or to punish in-discriminately, the like attacks upon the religion of Mahomet or of the grand Lama; and for this plain reason, that the case assumes that we are a Christian people, and the morality of the country is deeply ingrafted upon Christianity, and not upon the doctrines or worship of those impostors." And in the famous case of Vidal v. Girard's Ex-ecutors, (2 How. 127, 198,) this court, while sus-taining the will of Mr. Girard, with its provision for the creation of a college into which no minister should be permitted to enter, observed: " It is also said, and truly, that the Christian religion is a part of the common law of Pennsylvania." AMERICAN CUSTOMS ESTABLISH A UNION OF OHUROH AND STATE. If we pass beyond these matters to a view of  Atnerican life as expressed by its laws, its business, its customs and its society, we find everywhere a clear recognition of the same truth. Among other matters note the following: The form of oath uni-versally prevailing, concluding with an appeal to the Almighty; the custom of opening sessions of all deliberative bodies and most conventions with prayer; the prefatory words of all wills, " In the name of God, amen ;" the laws respecting the ob-servance of the Sabbath; with the general cessation of all secular business, and the closing of courts, legislatures, and other similar public assemblies on that day; the churches and church organizations which abound in every city, town, and hamlet; the multitude of charitable organizations existing everywhere under Christian auspices ; the gigantic missionary associations, with general support, and aiming to establish Christian missions in every quarter of the globe. These, and many other mat-ters which might be noticed, add a volume of unofficial declarations to the mass of organic ut-terances that this is a Christian Nation. In the face of all these, shall it be believed that a Con-gress of the United States intended to make it a misdemeanor for a church of this country to con-tract for the services of a Christian minister resid-ing in another nation? Suppose in the Congress that passed this act some member had offered a bill which in terms declared that, if any Roman Catholic Church in this country should contract with Cardinal Man-ning to come to this country and enter into its service as pastor and priest; or any Episcopal Church should enter into a like contract with Canon Farrar; or any Baptist Church should make similar arrangements with Rev. Mr. Spurgeon ; or any Jewish synagogue with sonic eminent Rabbi, such contract should be adjudged unlawful and void, and the church making it be subject to pros-ecution and punishment, can it be believed that it would have received a minute of approving thought or a single vote. Yet it is contended that such was in effect the meaning of this statute. The con-struction invoked can not be accepted as correct. It is a case where there was presented a definite evil, in view of which the legislature used general terms with the purpose of reaching all phases of that evil, and thereafter, unexpectedly, it is devel-oped that the general language thus employed is broad enough to reach cases and acts which the whole history and life of the country affirm could not have been intentionally legislated against. It is the duty of the courts, under those circum-stances, to say that, however broad the language or the statute may be, the act, although within the letter, is not within the intention of the legislature, and therefore can not be within the statute. The judgment will be reversed, and the case re-manded for further proceedings in accordance with this opinion. THE COURT OF LAST RESORT HAS INTERPRETED THE CONSTITUTION. FroM this opinion there was no dissent. It stands as the unanimous decision of the highest tribunal in the land. Thus the supreme judicial authority of this country declares for an establishment of religion. More than that, it asserts that there has never been a separation of religion and the State here. It assures the American citizen and the world, that there is no dis-sonance between the Declaration of Inde-pendence, the First Amendment to the Constitution, the bills of rights of the dif-ferent State Constitutions, and the Colo-nial Church and State charters, or the gov-ernmental Church establishments which sent out their explorers and adventurers to aggrandize and enrich their State Church. To the American citizen the Supreme Court of the United States is an arbiter in the last resort. To that is his final re-course; beyond that he can appeal no far-ther, except to his Maker. The Constitu-tion itself defines the extent of the judi-cial powers of the Supreme Court, and gives that court power over the Constitu-tion itself. The jurisdiction of the Su-preme Court extends to all cases arising under the Constitution and the laws of Congress. It is the sphere of the Su-preme Court, then, to interpret the Con-stitution, and its authority is final as to whether acts of Congress, or of Legisla-tures, or decrees of courts are in conflict with the Constitution or are consonant  with it. Judging from this unanimous decision of the Supreme Court, what re-ligious enactment by Congress, what reli-gious statute from State Legislatures, what religious decree by civil courts, would be in dissonance with the Constitu-tion ? Further developments must follow such a deliverance from the Supreme Court. An organized and aggressive re-ligious minority is in readiness to make the fullest possible use of such an utter-ance, from such a source. To such an authority every court and every legisla-tor, either State or national, must bow. That religious minority knows this well. It will use this knowledge and this power. Corresponding developments are to be expected. They have already presented themselves in congressional legislation. Legislative Developments Uniting Religion and the State. THE BLAIR EDUCATIONAL AMENDMENT. THE first bill, having for its purpose the union of religion and the State, to receive the approval of the congressional committee to which it had been referred, was the joint resolution proposing a con-stitutional amendment, respecting religion and the public schools, offered in the Senate by Henry W. Blair, then senator from New Hampshire, May 25, 1888, and introduced in succeeding Congresses. The first section of this proposed amendment applied the First Amendment to the Con-stittition to the individual States, pro-hibiting them from legislating in respect to religion or interfering with its free exercise. The second section of the pro-posed amendment, however, contained a clause requiring the principles of the Christian religion to be taught in the public schools by the State. As first pre-sented, this clause read, "In the princi-ples of the Christian religion ;" it was afterwards changed to read, " In knowl-edge of the fundamental and non-secta-rian principles of Christianity." This called for the legal establishment of the principles of the Christian religion. It also, by necessary implication, required a belief in the principles of the Christian religion as a necessary qualification of a teacher,Šthus affixing a religious test to the position of teacher in the public schools. By this the legal status of the Federal and State governments respecting legislation upon religious questions would have been reversed. A positive prohi-bition would have been put upon State legislatures, while that which was prohib-ited to the States would have been as-sumed by Congress; and the First Amend-ment to the Constitution, and the clause forbidding the application of any reli-gious test as a qualification for a public trust, would have been done away with. This would have been one way to have established a national religion in the United States. The measure was how-ever finally lost by a very close vote in the Fifty-first Congress. THE NATIONAL SUNDAY BILL. A few days previous to the presenta-tion of this constitutional amendment as to religious education in the United States,ŠMay 21, 1888,Šthe same senator presented another bill " to secure to the people the enjoyment of the first day of 