244 THE AA/ILL-RICAN-  SENTINEL" he is fallen into one of the worst places in the city, a little section as yet unreclaimed from its gross corruption, so he passes on. As he rounds the next corner, another like spectacle of a slum stands out before him; a little later, a gambler allures this unsuspecting innocent into his net, and draws from him his hard-earned money. By this time his eyes are beginning to be opened to the situation, and he secures a copy of the Saturday Daily News, and is perfectly horrified to read its bold attacks on the immoralities of the city. He is dazed as he reads about the crime on every hand, and his sensibilities are fairly paralyzed as he still further reads that the City Council is in connivance with these agents of lawlessness, and that the reputable citizen cannot be stirred to the importance of going to the polls to vote " the rascals out." Would such a spectacle make a very favorable impression on the visitor, from the Old World, who had not accepted Christ ? And yet, such is the condition of Chicago to-day. With a saloon at every turn; with debauchery and vice on every hand; with the grossest corruptions right in the very council chamber of the great city's lawmakers; and with public senti-ment so sleepy on the subject, that some of tho Chicago papers claim that they cannot arouse the people to the gravity of the situation, does it look much as though the whole city could be made a model of primitive Christianity before the opening of the Exposition in 1893 ? Perhaps the exigencies of the situation will suggest to some one, the idea of cen-tering all the great evangelists here, to take the city by storm. But Mr. Moody has been working here for a long time, and what he has been able to accomplish would only be like taking a drop from the great ocean of crime. The renowned Messrs. Jones and Small worked here for some time, but did not seem to make any perceptible impression on the wickedness of this modern Sodom. The famous " Boy Preacher," Harrison, tried his evangelistic skill on the wicked city, and only a few of its swarming inhabitants seemed to know he was here. While we would very seriously question whether any good comes out of the kind of work done by some of 'the above named gentlemen, it is true that they, together with many evangelists of lesser 'note, beside the great army of resident ministers, have been working away on Chicago for "Lo! these many years," and still the great crimes go on. In the face of all this, is it not the greatest conceivable vagary for a minister to think and talk of having Chicago, in so short a space of time, wholly within the fold of Christ ? If it could be done why do not the ministers who believe that way, plan to do it without waiting for the Exposition ? If it could be done, is not the minister committing sin who  waits for a great fair to move him to ac-tion ? But, personally, I have as much faith in the idea that Sodom could have been converted, as I have in the con-version of Chicago. But so great is this Sunday-law panacea for all moral ills, that its advocates would say by their actions and words, " Only give us a lever by which we can close the Exposition on Sunday, and Chicago is instantly trans-formed into a city of saints." In regard to some of their plans, to secure such would-be benefits for Chicago, I will speak in another letter. A. 0. TAIT. The State State Cannot Be Religous. IT is affirmed by those who demand religious legislation, that God requires from all nations, an acknowledgment of his supreme authority, in recognition of his prospering care over them, on the ground that they are the creatures of God, and therefore stand in the same relation to him morally, as human beings. But, if nations ought to acknowledge God's authority over them, solely on account of being his creatures, then all created beings should certainly be required to do the same. Such a rule, however, presents one very formidable objection, which briefly stated is this : Any outward acknowledg-ment of Deity, is a form of worship ren-dered in recognition of moral responsi-bility; and any form of worship is a devotional, or religious act. But every religious act must, of necessity, spring from some preconceived opinion regard-ing religious doctrine, which requires a certain degree of intelligence. It does not follow, then, that because some existing thing is a creature of God, it is therefore charged with moral re-sponsibility. Not only does this require intelligence, but a high order of intelli-gence. It is true that any person, who has mental power enough to entertain distinct ideas of a Supreme Being, may recognize his moral 'obligations to that extent that he will reverently worship God; but it will readily be conceded, that there are those, such as idiots and insane persons, who are not capable of exercising this high privilege, and yet no one will deny that they are God's creatures. There is still a larger class of God's creaturesŠbeasts, birds, and reptilesŠthat have no visible form of worship in recognition of the source of their being, because they are not possessed of that order of intelligence by which alone, the Creator is recognized as an object of worship, love, and obedi-ence. The recognition of God, therefore, and of accountability to him, require not only a distinct intellectual faculty, but that of a high order. Where, in a government, shall this faculty, this intelligence, be found ? In order that there may be a gov-ernmental recognition of God, it is nec- essary that what is thus held to be the government, shall be a distinct entity, a personality, possessing an intelligence of as high an order, and as real, as that which is found in each individual soul. Where, then, we ask again, is there in a gov-ernment any such intelligent personality as is thus shown to be essential ? There is no such thing ; there never was any such thing, and there never can be any such thing. While it may be freely admitted that God asks human intelligences to individ-ually acknowledge him as the source of their existence and happiness, the fore-going clearly shows that there is no ground for the assertion that a nation is a moral being, simply because it is ()Le of God's creatures. We do not, however, ad-mit the proposition that nations are, prop-erly speaking, creatures of God ; but could it be positively shown that nations are the direct creatures of God, it would in no wise follow that they, as such, are there-fore capable of recognizing moral obliga-tion, which requires special intelligence of, and full belief in, a personal Supreme Being. Nations being only political bodies of men, a portion of whom are in doubt upon the question of a personal God, it cannot be truly said that any whole na-tion entertains such a belief. It may be contended that, because a majority of those in a nation do believe in a personal God, that is, therefore, the faith of the nation. But such a claim does not change the facts of the case. Since the majority in a na-tion cannot bear moral responsibility for the minority, they cannot represent their religious belief or moral standing. Then, just in proportion as the individuals who constitute the nation personally fail to truly recognize God, the nation itself is lacking in that particular, and no ma-jority representation can make it other-wise. The truth of the matter is, that while each person in the world is a living and conscious moral unit, no collection of such units, however large, or in whatever manner related to each other, can possibly transfer their personal, moral obligations to the political body, and thus make it a moral person. This idea holds even in the Church of God. There, the standing of one member in no way represents the standing of another. One member cannot worship for any one else, neither does the fact that he is enrolled as a member with others who have genuine faith in the tenets of the Church, ensure him salvation with the others, except he has a personal, living faith for himself. Then, if the Church, which was instituted for purely moral purposes, cannot unite into one, the moral units of its organization, how much less can a nation do it which is established on an entirely different basis, and for a wholly different purpose. Every one in a nation may have as much personal faith in God, as the mem- 