274 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. take him by force and make him king, in order that by placing him on an earthly throne, they may compass their own ag-grandizement. Christ's word to his followers is, "Who-soever will be chief among you, let him be your servant." And the only commis-sion or authority he has given is : " Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature." He plainly declared : "My kingdom is not of this world ;" and yet in every age his professed followers have aspired to temporal power in his name, and professedly for the furtherance of his cause and the promulgation of the gospel ! Is it any wonder that judging Christianity by such Christians, thousands have rejected it as no better than Moham-medanism, which was also promulgated by fire and sword ? a. P. B. The Gospel; What It Is, and Its Work As Opposed to the Mystery of Iniquity.* THE Edict of Milan, March, 313, named " the whole body of Christians " as the beneficiaries, without any qualification or any sectarian designation. Before the ex-piration of that month the provisions of the edict were confined to " the .Catholic Church of the Christians " alone. In the autumn of the sarne year when the em-peror wrote to the bishop of Rome, ap-pointing the first council, he defined the established church as " the holy. Catholic Church." The following summer, 314, when he called the second council, he re-ferred to the doctrine of the Catholic Church -as embodying the "most holy re-ligion." And when it had been decided which party represented this " most holy religion," then in 316 his letter and com-mission to Cecilianus defined it as " the legitimate and most holy Catholic reli-gion." Nor was this all. While this was going on, also about the year 314, the first edict in favor of Sunday was issued, though it was blended with Friday. It ordered that on Friday and Sunday " no judicial or other business should be transacted, but that God should be served with prayers and supplications ;" and in 321 Friday ob-servance was dropped, and Sunday alone Ł was exalted by the famous Sunday-rest law of Constantine, all in furtherance of the ambition of the ecclesiastics to assert the government as a kind of sovereignty for themselves. t Now there was another thing. When the. Catholic Church had forced this de-cision in favor of itself in the matter of imperial favors, and the getting of prop-erty into their hands, then it sprung right back to the other part of that edict, and held Constantine to this point : that as it was the Catholic Church in the latter part of that edict, then it was certainly the Catholic Church in the first part of the edict. And that came in direct order, and in this way : In 323 by the direct and officious aid of the Catholic Church Con-stantine succeeded in defeating Licinius and n htking himself sole emperor. No sooner was this accomplished than the " religious liberty" assured to the Chris- tiaras " by the Edict of Milan, like the provisions of the same edict restoring con-fiscated property to the Christians, was by a public and express edict limited to Catholics alone. This portion of that de-cree runs as follows :Š VICTOR CONSTANTIUS MAXIMUS AUGUSTUS TO THE HERETICS Ł Understand now by this present statute, ye Novatians, Valentinians, Marcionites, Paulians, ye who are called Cataphrygians, and all ye who devise and support heresies by means of your pri-vate assemblies, with what a tissue of falsehood and vanity, with what destructive and venomous errors, your doctrines are inseparably interwoven; so that through you the healthy soul is stricken with disease, and the living becomes the prey of everlasting death. . . . Forasmuch, then, as it is no longer possible to bear with your pernicious errors, we give warning by this present statute that none of you henceforth presume to assemble yourselves together. We have directed, accordingly, that you be deprived of all the houses in which you are accustomed to hold your assemblies : and our care in this respect extends so far as to forbid the holding of your superstitious and senseless meetings, not in public merely, but in any private house or place whatsoever. Let those of you, therefore, who are desirous, of embracing the true and pure religion, take the far better course of entering the Catholic Church, and uniting with it in holy fellowship, whereby you will be enabled to arrive at the knowledge of the truth. . . . It is an object worthy of that prosperity which we enjoy through the favor of God, to endeavor to bring back those who in time past were living in the hope of future blessings, from all irregularity and error, to the right path, from darkness to light, from vanity to truths, from death to salvation. And in order that this remedy may be applied with effectual power, we have commanded (as before said) that you be positively deprived of every gath-ering point for your superstitious meetings ; I mean all the houses of prayer (if such be worthy of the name) which belong to heretics, and that these be made over without delay to the Catholic Church; that any other places be confiscated to the public service, and no facility whatever be left for any future gathering; in order that from this day for-ward none of your unlawful assemblies may pre-sume to appear in any public or private place. Let this edict be made public. Thus in less than eleven years from the issuing of the Edict of Milan, the Cath-olic Church stood in full and exclusive possession of the authority of the empire, both in the rights of property and the right to worship, under the profession of Christianity; and with a specific and di-rect commission to use that power and authority to compel the submission of " heretics." ThuS was made the Papacy Šthe beast of Rev. 13 :1-10; and all that ever came in its career from that day to this, has been but the natural and inevit-able outgrowth of the power and prerog-atives which were then possessed and claimed by the Catholic Church. And it all came from the Edict of Milan, bestowing governmental favors upon " the Christians." No man can fairly deny that in the Edict of Milan and the religio-political intrigue that lay behind it, there was contained the whole Papacy. No man can successfully deny that the Edict of Milan, though appearing innocent enough upon its face, contained the whole Papacy; or that the things that followed in the ten years up to 323, which we have sketched, were anything else than the logical and inevitable development of the evil that lay wrapped up in that. All this came out of that edict, and nothing came out of it that was not in it. Nothing could come out of it that was not in it. Now I call your attention to the thought again, that all of that, the whole Papacy, and every step from that day forward, came out of that edict in favor of Chris-tianity. Didn't it ?. Now when the Su-preme Court of the United States has issued a decree in favor of Christianity, what is coming out of it ? What is in it ? What was in the edict of Constantine's  in favor of Christianity ?ŠThe beast, the whole Papacy, from that day to this. Then what is in this decision of the Supreme Court of the United States in favor of Christianity as the religion of this Na-tion ?ŠThe image of the beast, the image of the Papacy, from this day and forward for all that will ever come. That is what is in it. Just as, certainly as that edict of Con-stantine in favor of Christianity there, pro-duced the Papacy with all, that it is; just so certainly this decision of the Supreme Court of the United States in favor of the Christian religion here, as the religion of this Nation, has in it the image of the beast, and will produce all that the proph-ecy has in it, or tells about. All this will come out of this decision, just as cer-tainly as all that came out of that edict. Disputes will arise here as to what Christianity is indeed, just as they arose there. Disputes will arise, I know not pre-cisely in what form; it may be between Catholicism and Protestantism, or it may be between the different sects of Protest-antism. But these disputes will certainly come. I know not how soon ; but just as certainly as that decree of the Supreme Court of the United States that this is a Christian Nation has been made, just so certainly a disagreement will arise one of these days, and the Supreme Court or some one else will have to decide who are Christians, and what class of Christians it is.that is meant in that decision. That will have to come. And it will come. (Concluded next week.) Protected by the Constitution. NOT content with sending " the five leading members of the Springville Advent-ist Church" to jail for doing honest work on Sunday, some of the officers of Henry Counyt, Tenn., would like to make paupers of them by stripping them of their property to pay unjust fines and costs. Article 11, Section 11, of the Constitution of Tennessee provides that:Š A homestead, in the possession of each head of a family, and the improvements thereon, to the value of, in all, one thousand dollars, shall be exempt from sale under legal process during the life of such head of a family, to inure to the benefit of the widow, and shall be exempt during the minority of their children occupying the same. Ł In addition to the real estate exempted by this article of the Constitution, the Legislature has by law exempted certain articles of personal property, necessary farming implements, etc., and that the specified property " shall be exempt from seizure in criminal as well as in civil cases." (See code of Tennessee, chapter 4, article 1, section 2,933.) But these ex-emptions do not extend to property levied upon for the payment of taxes, Any-thing that a man has can be taken for taxes, except what he has upon his person. The position taken by some of the of-ficers of Henry County in the Adventist cases is that the portion of costs accruing to the State is in reality a State tax, and that any property can be taken to pay it. This was the position taken by the deputy sheriff who assured the imprisoned men that he could if so disposed take anything that he could find to pay the " State tax,"  as he called it. It is doubtful, however, if he believed it himself, for while he searched diligently for chattels out of which he could make the costs, he seized only one piece of property, a spring wagon, an article not exempted by the *From a sermon delivered by A. T. Jones, at Battle Creek, Mich., July 9, 1892, as reported and published in the Review and Her4141. Since this sermon was delivered, Congress has enacted a Sunday law, closing the World's Fair that day. Thus and now the parallel is complete, and the likeness perfect. All that re-mains now is for those who have so long been grasping for the power, to go ahead in the use of the power which they now have. 