141E AMERICAN 8EN'rINEL— that there are theaters open in Chicago on Sunday; I have no doubt it is true; but I had not supposed when they were not disturbing others, that it was a ground of legal censure, whatever might be said, I agree, in moral censure of acts like that. But in Maine, in populous cities, I have no doubt amusements are indulged in, not perhaps to the same extent; but amuse-ments are no doubt permissible on Sun-day according to the customs of the Sena-tor's own State. However, there is another view of this case. Mr. President, this is to be an in-ternational exhibition. We speak of it as a mere show. It is to be a great national event. Do I say national? It is an event that is to be far more than national. The word " international " does not express it. It is to be the celebration of an event which has had a larger influence upon the destinies of mankind than any other which has occurred within the history of our race since the resurrection of the.  Lord on the SabbathŠthe discovery of this vast continent, now inhabited by per-haps nearly a hundred millions of inhab-itantsŠand we are inviting men from all countries on earth. There will be at' Chicago the representatives, I was about to say, of every civilized government;,  there will be representatives at the Expo-, sition of men of noncivilized races, the Mohammedans, with their peculiar observ-ances, and the continental nations of Europe, and England, and Scotland, and the islands of the sea, and the Indians. It is to be a gathering of all the races of the earth at one spot celebrating the grand-est event in the earth's history. I maintain that therefore the law that each man shall be allowed to pursue his own views of duty, being compelled to be regardful of the rights of others is a proper law applied to this subject. In rev-erence for the Sunday of the Christians, I do not mean to allow it to be believed that I have no sufficient regard for that holy day, but I have never yet felt that it was my right to impose my opinions upon other people. I have insisted that you shall on this day leave me undisturbed, and leave Christian men undisturbed ; that you shall leave the sanctuary undisturbed; that wherever men assemble themselves to-gether for devotion, or I may say amuse-ment, on that day they shall be undis-turbed. What more can be asked? If I could be-clothed with any portion of the power of the Almighty perhaps I might do otherwise, but I do not believe myself authorized to denounce all that may be deemed enemies according to the law of the Supreme Being. Let that occasion be national, inter-national, universal. I think the narrow rule insisted upon here is unwise; but if it shall be the sense of the Senate that it shall be done, it is the business of the country, not mine. . I have been told, and I have no doubt it is true, that many of the Christian people of Chicago resist this proposition; but not all of them. There are a large number of seventh-day people who believe that Sun-day is not the holy day. There are a great many people who agree with me that the Legislature has no right to dictate to others what day shall be kept as the holy one. There are many who think that way. There are .thousands again who think that this opportunity afforded to the laborer, to the toiler, and to his wife and his children, ought not to be thrown away. But I am told that there is another element who are quite as earnest as the good-people. I understand that all the saloon-keepers in Chicago are in favor of closing this institution on the Sabbath day. I can understand why it should be so. The multitudes that will go to Chi-cago at that time, instead of going into the Fair, and witnessing the Exhibition, being there alone, strangers, will go about the saloons and places of that sort on Sunday. I understand that there is a perfect agreement on that point, and that the whisky-sellers are in favor of closing the Fair on the Sabbath. . . . I have one thing to say in conclusion. There are gentlemen who talk about the.  American Sabbath. Mr. President, I reverence American institutions. I have'  no sympathy with the foreign sentiment; I have no eagerness to adopt anything foreign; but I do believe that American sentiment has undergone a change under the influence of broader views of indi-vidual rights. New England sentiment at one time actually required a very close observance of Sunday, but that was the despotism not of God, but of church, and it is a remarkable fact that in another portion of the Union, where more liberal views are indulged in, the morality of the people was as complete and as peifect as it was in New England. It is said by a late writer that it is very remarkable that in New England where theoretically popular rights were most re-garded, the government was most des-potic, while in another quarter, where aristocratic ideas were to some extent recognized, actual, personal liberty was better protected than in New England. The change has taken place and we can not resist it. We may talk about it, we may speak about the American Sabbath, and it deserves reverence, but it is for me to revere the Sabbath and it is not for me to impose upon another that obligation. Their Own Testimony. THE Christian Statesman and the Union Signal have denied that the brewers and saloon-keepers of Chicago are in favor of Sunday closing of the Fair, but they are contradicted by the brewers and the saloon-ists themselves and by the testimony of those who have taken pains to learn their views. The following interview is from the Washington Post:Š "I can state from actual personal knowledge that the brewers of Chicago are to a man in favor of Sunday closing of the World's Fair," said S. RŁ Keogh, a well-known attorney of the Lake City, at the National Hotel. " The brewers and saloon men," he continued, "are delighted at the action of Congress in requiring the Exposition to be closed on that day, and if necessary they would raise a big amount of cash to have that pernicious piece of legislation enacted. They know that the hordes of people, if debarred from inspection of exhibits, would seek solace and amusement in the bar-rooms, that will not be closed Sundays, and augment the revenues of -the proprietors by many thousands of dollars. The sporting fraternity, also, advocates the proposition from the same spirit of self-interest that actuates the whisky men. The drinking element would not exhaust all their means in the rum shops, but would, after spending part of the day in imbibing, be ready for tempting fortune in almost any way that was convenient. . . . If we can only get the appropriation from Congress on the condition of Sunday closing I would say let the Government keep its money. It would be the worst thing possible to accept the money under such circumstances, for it is a miser-able concession to a puritanical and illiberal spirit out of harmony with an era of boasted progress and freedom." The promise of any appropriation on  condition of Sunday closing is simply in the nature of a money bribe to the Managers of the Exposition, offered by the'  Government at the instance of a portion of the Church faction of the United States. The purpose of the bribe is to se-cure enforced observance of a particular religious tenet. The Congress of the United States is certainly in a very pecu-liar position in the matter. A School of Cdhscience. UNDER this heading appears the follow-ing editorial in a recent number of the Churchman of this city (New York) Certain gentlemen in the vicinity of Paris, Ten-nessee, believing that Saturday is the day on which men ought to worship, not only claim the right to observe that day religiously, but also claim the right to carry on their usual farm and other bus-iness on Sunday, in violation of the State Sunday law. In the exercise of their first claim they have been unmolested, but in the exercise of the second they have been arrested, convicted, fined $25 apiece, and, in default of payment, have been lodged in jail. One of them who has previously served three months in jail for similar offenses, writes to the National ReligiouS Liberty Associa-tion of Chicago, complaining that it would take all their small property to meet the demands of per-sistent fines, and that the judge, in answer to the protest that-they were conscientious in this matter, replied: " Let them educate their consciences by the laws of Tennessee." At first-blush this judicial fiat seems oppressive. Ł . . But there would seem to be a distinction to be drawn between a law which violates con-science, and a law which simply limits conscience. Unless these seventh-day religionists take the clause, " Six days shalt thou labor," as literally as, " The seventh day is the Sabbath," they can hardly complain that the State Sunday law violates their consciences. A law compelling them to work on Saturday might be open to that objection, but the Sunday law only abridges their liberty to toil and get gain, to five days in the week, which is the price they are called upon to pay for having a peculiar conscience. . . . The Tennessee Sun-day law being what it is, the Sunday earnings of seventh-day Tennesseeans would seem to be, liable to confiscation in the shape of fines, and the judge gave good advice, when he said, in this particular, Let them educate their consciences by the laws of Tennessee," The Churchman does not usually much concern itself with matters outside of the Episcopal Church, the would-be " Cath-olic Church of America." And when it does indulge in any comment upon exter-nal affairs, it is wont to do so in a very modest, benevolent way; as the foregoing extract bears witness. ' Yet, " it would seem" that it were hard for our esteemed Churchman to disguise the *elf-satisfied, supercilious composure with which he re-gards the judicial crime against " these seventh-day, religionists " who have con-sciences sufficiently " peculiar " to dare obey God rather than man.' . It is in vain that this organ of a church which is syn-onymous with formal, legalized ecclesias-ticism, attempts to concea its satisfaction over the occurrences mentioned, and its complete indorsement of the tyrannical laws which caused them. And it takes this attitude without a blush, " first," last, or anywhere. Observe the gracious admission that a law' compelling these " gentlemen " to work on' Saturday might be open to the objection that it would violate their con-science; still it would be only an " objec-tion "Šnothing very serious, to the Churchman. If one of these " seventh-day Tennesseeans" should' happen to be in the neighboring State of Georgia, and were " compelled to work on Saturday " in the chain-gang under the penalty of bloody stripes and lifelong scars if he re- 