AMERICAN SENTINEL. 5.89 of the bishop's, rights, who hates the Jews, or the mag-'strate's rights, who has no love for the Jews, to grant or withhold such a permission? "We had better be careful before we create a condi-tion of affairs where we would be compelled to send po-licemen to the Jews, who must work for their living, in order to stop their Sunday labor. "In either case the authorities would be guilty of su-perstition, either political or religious. God has made labor a duty, as he does not permit the enjoyment of a product of the earth, unless labor had been bestowed upon it. The laws of the clergy must be divided in such that affect religion in its essence, and in such that are passed for the object of extending their power. "Mr. Portalis had better, therefore, be careful, be-cause these concessions once made, the government undertaking to interfere in matters that are outside of its sphere, it will not be long before we will be taken back to the unfortunate period of the issue of letters patent of absolution, or the miserable epoch when the priest imagined the right to order the burning alive of the Jew, or to maltreat the citizen who refused to attend mass. "The power of the clergy must be confined to the ser-mon; it is time that the sorely-persecuted Jews were left in peace. As long as I live, however, police and dungeon shall never be resorted to in France to tyrannize the cit-izens of another faith. There are many erring sheep in the Christian fold; let the priest lead these back to the practises of religion. An attempt to curtail still more the rights of Jews,whieh are curtailed enough,is priestly malice, and there is an end of that in France. "NAPOLEON." A Sophistical Argument Answered. To PROVE that the United States in its present course of conquest has not taken a departure from the pathway of justice and of republican principles of gov-ernment, a leading argument advanced by defenders of the national policy has been that the coercion of the Southern States of the Union in 1861-'65 was as much a denial of the principle of government by consent of the governed, as is the submission enforced in the Philip-pines. This bit of sophistry is well disposed of by the following statement of facts and principles given by a contributor to the Springfield Republican (Mass.):Š "The fundamental cause of secession was not the denial of any rights whatever to the South, not even that of slavery, but was the arrogant determination of its leaders that that institution should be extended into the new States against the will of the majority in the North and West. Therefore, because the minority could not rule, they resolved to secede from a government of which they had become a part by their own consent, and from which they had suffered no infringement of their rights. "Had the South seceded by reason of intolerable, despotic, crushing tyranny of the General Government even of a majority rule, it would have exercised a divine right and would probably have succeeded, but the foul  blot of slavery, the only valid reason for separation, averted assistance. "The refusal of a just and equitable government to allow a minor but integral portion of its people to with-draw therefrom in order to have a free hand in wrongful practises is no violation of the true meaning of thegreat principle of the consent of the governed, but is only the firm enforcement of an honorable contract and bears no comparison to the subjugation of a distant and alien people with the divine fire of liberty in their hearts." THE stream which is to heal-and vitalize humanity must rise on a height above humanity. The water power which generates electricity must fall from a height above. Moral and social reforms, which rise from lower levels, will be like rivers in the great deserts of Northern Asia, which trickle feebly for a few miles, and then are lost in the sand.ŠAlexander MacLaren, D. D. THE North Dakota Sunday School Association stands committed to the folly of political Christianity, by this resolution, adopted at its tenth annual conven-tion, last May:Š "Resolved, That we indorse the action of the Na-tional Reform Association in their efforts to secure an amendment to our national Constitution, acknowledg-ing Christ as King of Nations and the Bible as the su-preme law, thus securing to us, on an undeniably legal basis, all the Christian features of our government." MISSIONARIES are men, not governments. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Nantes Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bans Draft on New York. Personal cheeks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money.. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMT RICAN S   ENTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, Single Copy, Per Year 64 " Sig months " Three months ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. 