JUNE 20, 1895. A.1011.1H2,Ety cAN Slk;INT°11.11N11[,. 195 more jealously guarded by the people than by princes Or prelates. It is 'recorded of Christ that when con-demned"and persecuted by the priests and rulers as a Sabbath-breaker, because he healed on the Sabbath, " the peopl rejoiced for all the glorious things that were done by him." And. when " the chief priests and the scribes sought how they might take him by craft and put him to death," it is recorded that " they said, Not on the feast day, lest there be an uproar of the people." May the " Lord of the Sabbath" bless the "people" of Mississippi, whose love of justice led them to save an honest Sabbath-keeper from punishment as a Sabbath-breaker. 4 -4,- MARYLAND JUSTICE. BY E. E. FRANKE. JOHN A. FAUST, a member of the Seventh-day Adventist Church in BaltimOre, was ar-rested for working on Sunday, June 10, 1895. Mr. Faust has been a canvasser for religious books, but during the last two years, has been se-much crippled by rheumatism that at times has been exceedingly difficult for him to walk. For this reason 'he has been'compelled to give up his. employment, and-since then it has 'been difficult for him to support himself and family, consisting of a wife and three chil-dren. About three weeks ago Mr. Faust began to repair shoes and do such odd jobs as his health would permit, very often suffering intense pain while sitting at his cobbler's bench, be-sides making hardly enough to sustain life. Mr. Faust, as stated, is a Seventh-day Advent-14, and in harmony with the Bible, keeps the seventh day (Saturday), working the six other days (including Sunday), when his health will permit and when, he has work to do. The work was performed in his private room in the house where the writer also lives. Last Sunday Mr. Faust was engaged in repairing a pair of shoes when the policeman, urged by the good religious(?) neighbors, came into the house and gave him to understand that he would have him arrested when a warrant could be made out. At the same time he said, " I'll make away with you folks." The store directly opposite was open all day (the writer's children made purchases there). At the rear of Mr. Faust's house a number of men (not Adventists) were pitching quoits, making noise enough to be heard distinctly on the front street, but this did not disturb the good religious people or the officer who made the arrest: The fact is, the whole thing is a case of religious persecution, because Mr. FauSt happens to differ from these neighbors as to which day should be observed as the Sabbath. On a warrant issued by the police justice and served by the inquisitorial policeman, Mr. Faust appeared at the afternoon session of the police court:- It was quite evident to those whO attended court that the so-called justice and the policeman understood each other thor- oughly. The rulings of the justice were arbitrary in the extreme. He would listen neither to argument nor common sense. But 'this is not all.. This man, crippled as he was with rheumatism, was placed in a cell all night with nothing but a hard bench to sleep on, without any cover to wrap himself in,and was actually compelled to use his own shoes for a pillow in order to get any rest. About 10 o'clock, P. M., a friend (the prison-er's pastor) called, and seeing his condition, went out and stated the facts concerning his health,to the police-lieutenant in charge, and asked im if he could not give him a bed.  The answer was a flat, indignant " no." " But," said the minister, " the man is in ill health, and it is not safe for him to sleep on a bench without mattress or,cover." " He was well enough to work yesterday," was the re-ply. " Do you have beds for any who are brought here?" " Yes, if they are 'sick we send them to the hospital." " But do you not have beds here for some?" " Yes," was the reply. " Do you not believe 'my state-ment about this man?" said the minister. " Yes, I believe your word and take you for a gentleman." " Then why cannot this man have a bed? " " Because I won't give him.  one." " But will you not let him have a bed if I pay for it?" asked the minister. " No," was the answer. "For what reason?" "Be-cause I won't," was the flat reply. This morning ibond was furnished for his appearance at court, and Mr. Faust came home limping and sore from the effects of his treat-ment. Baltimore, Md., Jane 11, 1895. THAT BAPTIST PROTEST ;AGAIN. WE printed last week, as reported in the daily papers, the protest of the American Bap-tist Publication Society against religious per- secution in various States of the We discover from the official report, that the telegraphic report was inaccurate, and there-fore give it as it appears in the Examiner _National Baptist and Christian Inquirer, of June 6:Š H. L. Wayland presented the following :Š " WHEREAS, It has been widely reported that, in some portions of the United States, profeSsing Chris-tians who have conscientiously observed the seventh day of the week as a day of religious rest and worship, and who thereafter on the first day of the week have conscientiously engaged in labor which in no wise dis-turbed their fellow-citizens who desire to observe the first day, have for this act been arrested and fined and imprisoned and sent to the chain-gang; therefore, " Resolved, That (assuming the facts to be as re-ported) we earnestly and solemnly protest against this violation of the right of religious liberty, a right for which our fathers suffered imprisonment, the spoiling of their goods, stripes, exile and death itself.' Dr. MacLaurin, Mich., objected to the resolution, as did Dr. H. C. Mabie, who thought that it was outside the line of the society. Dr. Seymour advocated it, as did Rev. W. F. 'listen, Adams, N. Y. Mr. Hiscox expressed his sense of the wicked persecution of these people. If Baptists cannot to-day protest against these acts, what are we here for? Dr. J. B. Hawthorne, Ga., said: "If these acts have taken place in Georgia, the 275,000 Baptists of that State will be heard from. We have not yet 'religious liberty, but only toleration. 'When the battle for religious liberty begins, the Baptists will be found in the front, if they are true to their traditions." Prof. W. C. Wilkinson: " I heartily support the resolution. I would not wait till the outrageous facts are legally ,proved. I would try to prevent their re-occurrence." The reso-lution was adopted by a rising vote, with but one dis-sentient. We feel`sorry for the fine who voted against the resolution. He must feel sadly out of place among liberty-loving Christians. ARE THEY MINDING THEIR OWN BUSINESS? BY EUGENE LELAND. IT requires a great deal of grace and a great deal of grit for a man to mind his own busi-ness, especially when he occupies so prominent and so influential a position as that of a minis-ter of the gospel. His business is thus pointed out in the Scriptures: " Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature." Mark 16 :15. The gospel which it is the min-ister's business to preach, is thus defined in the Scriptures: " I am not ashanied of the gospel of Christ: for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth."  Rom. 1: 16. From these scriptures it is plain that the business of a minister of the gospel is to go into all the world and preach the power of God as the only means of salvation from sin. That it is sin from which men are to be saved by the preaching of the gospel,Šthe power of God,Šis shown from' another scripture: " Thou shalt call his name Jesus: for he shall save his people from their sins." Matt. 1:21. ,Mark it, the business of a minister of the gospel is to preach the,  power of God, not the power of civil law, as the only means of sal-vation from sin. Now, we submit , the ques-tion to any candid minister of the gospel: Are you minding your. own business when you seek for the power of civil law to restrain the street-car companies from the sin of " Sabbath-breaking " ? It is not, .in any proper sense of the word, a crime to run the street cars on Sunday any more than it would be to run them on any other day of the week : and if there were any sin about it, those who commit the sin should be left free to answer for their sin to God, and not to the ministers. The power of God alone can save the mem-bers of the street-car companies from the sin of " Sabbath-breaking," but this power can be secured to them only by the "foolishness of preaching," and never by the strong arm of civil law. The street-car men are just as much sinners in the sight of-  God if they desire to do business on the Sabbath, and are re-strained from it only by the power of civil law, as they would be if they actually carried on their business on that day. Why, then, should a minister of the gospel desire to compel the street car men to act as though they were righteous, when they desire to be sinners, and when they really are sinners ? And in doing it, does not the man cease to be a minister of the gospel and become a minister of the law instead ? In short, is he minding his busi-ness ? To be sure the Bible teaches that the civil government is the minister of God to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil; but is there no limit to the execution of its wrath for evil doing ? Must it execute wrath for every evil that is done under the sun ? If so, we ought to give ourselves up into the hands of the gov-ernment to be nursed and swaddled like other babies and be done with it. What a fine condition of affairs it would be indeed to apply to government officials for directions in personal matters, such as diet, dress, religion, etc. No, sir. The government ought to have nothing to do with such things further than to protect the individual in the exercise of his own taste about them. If he chooses to eat roast cheese and mince pie for supper, and to suffer with night-mare and indigestion in con-sequence, that is his own business. If he chooses to wear tight shoes, and to suffer with corns in consequence, that is his own business. And if he chose to run street cars on Sunday, and to take the consequences of his sin, if it were a sin; that would be his own business. It is a very great evil to be irreligious, but it is that kind of an evil with which the govern-ment has no business to deal, because it has not the power to eradicate it. The power of God alone can do that, and when that power fails; there is no remedy, for there is no power stronger than the power of God. It is the business of the government to deal with crime, but never with sin or irreligion. But running the street cars on Sunday, even if that day were the Sabbath, would be only sin, it would be irreligion, nothing more. It could never be shown to be crime, and there-fore the civil authorities, municipal, provincial, or otherwise, are not minding their own busi-ness when they restrain the street-car compa- 