JUNE 7, 1894. A.MMIECICA.N. 181 upon the treasuries of municipal corpora-tions, but also upon the treasuries of the various States and of the Federal Govern-ment itself, as would have proved as great a drain upon the people of America as the maintenance of standing armies is to the nations of Europe. Is the present attitude of Rome in regard to our public school system any more fa-vorable to the interests of America ? Less than twenty years ago she met with crushing defeat along the old lines, and to-day we are brought face to face with a no less dangerous policy, which seeks, merely by other means, to commit this Government to a union of Church and State, and the support of sectarian insti-tutions. Under the plea of justice, or of right, or as a favor, as may best serve her purpose, while at the same time, in every possible way, depreciating the work of the Reformation and progress, Rome, true to her nature, is again artfully intriguing for the accomplishment of the same ends. Whether she will succeed in her purpose is the question which the people of this country will have to answer within a few short years. Which will it be ? E. E. MARLIN. Ł Ł .  STATE OF TENNESSEE, IN THE SUPTI_EM 1-11 COURT. STATE OF TENNESSEE 1 VS. r JACKSON, APRIL TERM, 1894. W. B. CAPPS, IN ERROR. Brief and Argument of W. L. Carter, of Counsel for the Defense. (Concluded.) BUT it has been said so often, and by such eminent authority that " Christian-ity is part of the law of the land," that we give the following, which is conclusive of the question. Judge Allen G. Thurman, whose standing as a lawyer and statesman is second to no one, in the case above cited says :Š The Constittition having declared that all men have a natural and indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of conscience; that no human authority, whatever, can control or interfere with the rights of conscience ; that no man shall be compelled to attend, erect, or support any place of worship, or to maintain any ministry against his con-sent; and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious society or mode of worship,Šit follows that neither Christianity nor any other religion is a part of the laws of the State. Bloom vs. Richards, supra. Continuing he says:Š We sometimes hear it said that all religions are tolerated in this State, but this is not strictly accurate ; much Less is it accurate to say that one religion is a part of the law and all the rest merely tolerated. It is not mere toleration that every individual has in his belief or disbelief. He reposes, not upon the leniency of the Government, or of any class or sect of men; but upon his natural and indefeasible rights of con-science, which, in the language of the Constitution, are " beyond the control or interference of any human authority." Same; Lindsey vs. Coates, 1 Ohio State, 243. In State vs. Chandler, 2 Har. (Del.), 553, Justice Clayton said :Š Even in England, Christianity was never considered as part of the common law so far as that, for a viola-tion of its injunctions and independent of the estab-lished laws of man and without the sanction of any positive act of Parliament, any man could be called to answer in a court of common law. As well stated by an eminent New York judge:Š The maxim that Christianity is a part of the com-mon law has been frequently repeated by judges and text-writers, but few have ever examined its truth, or  explained its meaning. If Christianity is a part of the municipal law in the proper sense of the term, as it must be if a part of the common law, every person is liable to be punished by civil power who fails to em-brace its precepts; and if it must be conceded that in this sense the maxim is untrue, it ceases to be intel-ligible, since a law without sanction is an absurdity in logic and a nullity in fact. 4 Sanford's Rep., 181. Justice Welsh says :Š If Christianity is a law of the State, like every other law it must have a sanction. Adequate penalties must be provided to enforce obedience to all its re-quirements and precepts. No one contends for any such doctrine in this country, and I might almost say, in this age of the world. . . True Christianity asks no aid from the sword of civil authority. It began without the sword, and whenever it has taken up the sword, it has perished by the sword. To depend on civil authority for its enforcement is to acknowledge its own weakness, which it can never afford to do. It is able to fight its own battles. Its weapons are moral and spiritual and not carnal. . . . It is not the power of man, but the power of God, on which it depends. 23 Ohio State, 211, Board of Edu-cation vs. Minor. And on page 248 he says, " Legal Chris- tianity is a solecism, a contradiction of terms." The last named case was argued for the Board of Education by the Hon. Stanley Matthews, afterward Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, and by Gov. Hoadley, afterwards governor of Ohio. The opinion, deciding unanimously in favor of the board, is one of the ablest expositions of the doctrine of the complete separation of the State from in any way interfering or influencing in religious matters, that has ever been given. And thus authority might be given without limit, almost; and not only of the most eminent jurists, but also of such statesman as Washington (U. S. Stat., Vol. 8, 154), and of Jefferson (" Works of Thos. Jefferson," Vol. 1, p. 45), and others. James Madison tersely says :Š The same authority that can establish Christianity to the exclusion of all other religions, with the same ease may establish any particular sect. " Writings of Jas. Madison," Vol. 1, p. 162. We close this part of the discussion by the following quotation from Judge Cooley, whose reputation as a constitutional law- yer is perhaps greater than that of any living man :Š For these several reasons Christianity is not a part of the law of the land in any sense which entitles the courts to take notice of or base their judgments upon it. "Constitutional Limitations," 584. So far, then, as the Parker case is based on the statement of the chief justice that " Christianity is a part of the law of the land," it is unfounded. The second proposition is equally un-founded. IS SUNDAY LABOR IMMORAL ? Outside of purely religious feelings, or precepts, no one regards Sunday labor as different from labor on any other day of the week. This is shown by the fact that Jews, Sabbatarians, and all others who do not attach any special reli-gious significance to the day, do not regard Sunday labor as immoral. And the Jews are noted as moralists. If the question were asked, Why should not persons labor on Sunday ? no reason could be given other than that it is contrary to our religious belief. It is the day, not the deed. And what is there peculiar about the day that distinguishes it from other days of the week, except that it is regarded as sacred by a large part of the people ? There is no difference by nature. We could not tell when Sunday came except by the cal-endar. Nor will it do to say that it is set apart by civil law; for that would not affect the moral aspects of the labor. By  law a thing can be made malum pro-hibitum but not malum in se. There are many things that are prohibited by law, such as hunting at certain seasons certain game, fishing in streams in certain ways, license and revenue law, etc., in which there is no moral turpitude in-volved. The law does not affect the mo-rality of an act. It would be just as immoral to steal without a law on the subject as it is with it. It is well shown in the well-known division of crimes into the two classes malum prohibitum and malum, in se. But the learned chief justice in the Parker case says that the legislature prohibited Sunday labor be-cause it was immoral. The act of the legislature did not make it immoral, but the law was made because of the immoral character of the act. Nor can it be immoral because it shocks our religious feelings or belief. The devout Catholic believes it to be immoral to eat meat on Friday. It is not the eating of the meat, but the day on which it is done that shocks his moral sense. He is taught this by his religion. But it is no more immoral to eat meat on Fri-day than it is to labor on Sunday. There might be a majority of the citizens of the State Catholics, and they prohibit the eating of meat on Friday (like Sunday laws, for health, or sanitary reasons), but would it be held that repeated acts of eat-ing meat on Friday was immoral because a majority regarded it so, and that it would constitute a nuisance ? Again, the Jews and Sabbatarians re-gard Saturday as sacred, and it would be a shock to their religious feelings to see the day desecrated, if they were largely in the majority; and if they had 'the power, they might and probably would set apart the day, as Sunday now is set apart by the majority. Would then a repetition of acts of labor on Saturday become a nuisance ? Or in a community composed mostly of Mohammedans would it be immoral to labor on the sixth day of the week, or Friday ? And would repeated acts of the kind constitute a nuisance ? It has been held in several cases that Sunday labor is immoral, but the reason given is that it is a desecration of " the sacred institution of the Sabbath" (Sorter vs. State, 5 Eng. [Ark.], 259; Pearce vs. Atwood, 13 Mass., 324; Lyon vs. Strong, 6 Vt., 219; Adams vs. Gay, 19 Vt., 358), and " because not in unison with our holy religion." Amis vs. Kyle, 2 Verger, 31; Lindenmuller's case, 33 Barb., N. Y., 548. None have ever given any reason for holding Sunday labor immoral on any but religious grounds, and certainly no other can be found. As before shown, it cannot be so held in this State, because, in order to do so, the courts would have first to decide that Sunday was a sacred or religious day, and thus decide a matter that is in contro-versy between Christians themselves, as well as against Jews, etc. In other words the courts cannot decide questions of reli-gion at all,Šnot even as to whether a question is one that is held by any sect to be true or not true. The courts cannot decide whether Sun-day, the first day of the week, is the " Sab-bath," or whether Saturday, the seventh day, is the one to observe. Hence the courts cannot hold that Sunday labor is immoral because it is a desecration of the Sabbath; because they would first have to decide that that day was the Sabbath. As stated, no case has ever based the 