534 AMERICAN r-z EN TIN E1.. TheAmerican Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. IWAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will he asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Poftt-offlee Sunday Enforcement and Good Government. IN the city of Nashville, Tenn., public sentiment has been agitated of late over the question of the removal from office of the chief of police. It appeared certain that the removal would be made, and it was charged by a class of the citizens standing for certain ideas of "moral" government, that it was the work of the gam- blers and Sunday tipplers. We do not mention it to dis- cuss the conflict of the good and bad elements in the city government, but to notice a common idea of good gov- ernment which came to the surface in connection with this agitation, and appeared in the Nashville Banner. In a communication to that journal, a citizen says:Š "In my opinion the time has come when the good people of this city, without severing their party ties, 'hall say 'to these law-breakers, 'The party is bigger than the gamblers' association and the Sunday tipplers' associa tion, and if they don't like the party there is plen'y of room to quit it.' "These associations have so manipulated parties as to have an undue weight in public affairs. They must be told that they have no exclusive rights; that seeking the protection of the law in their just rights, they must obey it; that the merchant, the mechanic, the manufac-turer, are not allowed to keep open shop on Sunday, and they do not in defiance of law undertake to do it; that the farmer, though his cropŠhis young corn and cotton Šmay be choked with weeds, dare not go into the field with his plow on Sunday; that even the Seventh-day Ad-ventist, who is impelled by the strongest religious con-victions to give Saturday to his devotions, is not allowed to plow his corn on Sunday, and that the saloon man is not better than they; that the gambler's occupation is certainly not a favored calling; that betting has its pen-alties, which may be paid and the law satisfied, but keep-ing gambling houses in a city with its awful consequences on society cannot and will not be tolerated; and that this community will not quietly submit to the removal of a public officer becausehe develops a capacity to en-S force the law." The idea which appears all through this quotation is that good government is to be attained by suppress- ing gambling and liquor selling on Sunday. The manu-facturer, farmer, and seventh-day observer must observe Sunday, and the gambler and saloonist are not better than they. Hence they must be made to do likewise; and the good people of the city should see the chief of police is retained who will carry this into effect. Instead of recognizing that gambling and liquor selling are wrong and demoralizing on all days, by their very nature, this idea of good government passes over the inherent evil of these things,and lays its stress upon the desecration of Sunday. But good government can not be promoted anywhere by losing sight of the inhe-rent evil of vicious practices. And this is certainly' one tendency, and a strong one, of the agitation for the com-pulsory observance of Sunday. The more the attention becomes fixed upon the assumed sanctity of Sunday, the more tendency is there to see in the desecration of the day a greater offense than in the vicious practice by which it is desecrated; until at length the main evil of gambling and liquor selling seems to lie not so much in the demoralizing nature of such practices as is the fact that they are conducted on Sunday. In this way the Sunday laws tend really to strengthen the hold these evils have acquired upon public tolerance. The effort that should be directed toward their entire suppression on all days is largely expended in making them conform to the requirements of the Sunday lawi and having conformed to its requirements, they by that very thing acquire a degree of respectability in the pub-lic view which otherwise would not be possible. Cannot those who desire good city government see the danger which lies in this diversion of the force of public senti-ment from the evil thing itself, to its desecration of Sun-day? If they cannot, it is not because the danger is not real and conspicuous. To suppress liquor selling on Sunday only, is to tac-tly assent to the traffic on other days of the week. To prohibit it by law on Sunday only, is to justify it by law on other days; and behind such a law the evil traffic can take refuge, and hold up its monster head without fear as a law-abiding institution. But do lovers of good gov-ernment want such a condition of things to exist? Let all such arouse to the danger of the movement which would oppose these evils by suppressing them on Sunday. Friends, you cannot advance in the direction of good government by way of Sunday laws. They are a deception and a snare. To secure good government an evil must be opposed because it is such in its nature, and not because it is connected with what may or may not be wrong, according to the truth or falsity of theo-logical tenets. With such conditions civil government can have nothing to do, Whether Sunday desecration is right or wrong, is a question with:which the chief of police of any city, or any other civil officer, as such, has no concern whatever. It is a question to be settled by Scripture, and the truth of Scripture can be settled for an individual only by the teaching!of the!Holy5Spirit. 