AMERICAN SENTINEL. 267 liament should attempt to revise the prayer bookŠa contingency by no means impossibleŠItremble to think what the result would be. I dislike to see old things disturbed, but my conviction is that we Catholics in England should work for the complete independence of the church." Whether the state dominates the church, as in England, or the church dominates the state, as during the papal supremacy in Europe, the result is trouble for both church and state,Šon the one side because there is a denial of freedom, and on the other because of the mixing of religious and secular affairs. In either case there is a combination of force with religion, the suppression of freedom in both church and state, the loss of hope and aspiration from the souls of the people, the decay of enterprise, and finally the moral, mental and physical ruin of the nation. There is no decaying nation where liberty is left un-fettered. Cause of the Revolt Against the Presbyterian Creed. New York " Sun." THIS being a period of keen sensibility to all suffer-ing, the thought that God has condemned or will con-demn a great part or any part of his creatures to everlasting torment in hell is horrible to many people. Societies for the prevention of cruelty, not only to children, but also to animals, have been established . . . Cruel and unusual punishments have been abolished throughout civilization. The method of administering the death penalty prescribed by law has been changed in this State on grounds of pure humanity from hanging to killing by electricity. It has also been made secret, and the time when the execution of the sentence is to be carried out has been made indefinite, so that the as-sumed public demoralization by the old manner of hanging and the shock to the public sensitiveness caused by it shall be diminished. Meantime at nearly every session of the legislature of this State earnest efforts are made to secure the abolition of the death penalty as a remnant of savagery, and in five States it has already been abolished actually. Even in war, Red Cross activities are expended to mitigate the miseries, to inflict which is the purpose of war. People nowadays suffer sympathetically whenever they see suffering. They turn away with revulsion or indignation when a horse is whipped. So keen is this sensibility in many people that they will not even read of cruelty practised or en-dured. At such a period the doctrine, once universally ac-cepted byChristendorn, Oat never-ending torture is to be administered by God to the condemned denizens of hell becomes inexpressibly revolting to sensitive souls. They may declare in formal creeds that they believe in it, but in their hearts they reject it as impossible. This doctrine of hell is thus expressed in the West-minster Confession, and as there formulated it is essen-tially that of Christendom generally:Š "God hath appointed a day wherein He will judge the world in righteousness by Jesus Christ, to whom all power and judgment is given of the Father. . . . "The end of God's appointing this day is for the manifestation of the glory of his mercy, in the eternal salvation of the elect, and of his justice in the damna-tion of the reprobate, who are wicked and disobedient. For then shall the righteous go into everlasting life, and receive that fulness of joy and refreshing which shall come from the presence of the Lord; but the wicked, who know not God, and obey not the gospel of Jesus Christ, shall be cast into eternal torments, and be punished with everlasting destruction from the presence of the Lord and from the glory of his power." It is the revolt of the keen sensibility of this time,at such a possibility which is the real motive of the present Presbyterian outcry for the revision of its confession of faith. What Should Be Done With the Philippines. From' Speech, in Congress by Senator Hoar, April 17. FirstŠI would declare now that we will not take these islands to govern them against their will. SecondŠI would reject a cession of sovereignty which implies that sovereignty may be bought and sold and delivered without the consent of the people. Spain has no rightful sovereignty over the Philippine Islands. She could not rightfully sell it to us. We can not rightfully buy it from her. ThirdŠI would require all foreign governments to keep out of these islands. FourthŠI would offer to the people of the :Philip-pines our help in maintaining order until they have a reasonable opportunity to establish a government of their own. Fifth--I would aid them by advice, if they desire it, to set up a free and independent government. SixthŠI would invite all the Great Powers of. Eu-rope to unite in an agreement that that independence shall not be interfered with by  us, by themselves, or by any one of them with the consent of the others. SeventhŠI would declare that the United States will enforce the same doctrine as applicable to the Philippines that we declared as to Mexico and Hayti and the South American Republics. It is true that the Monroe Doctrine, a doctrine based largely on our re-gard for our own interests, is not applicable either in terms or in principle to a distant Asiatic territory. But undoubtedly, having driven out Spain, we are bound, and have the right, to secure to the people we have liberated an opportunity, undisturbed and in peace, to establish a new government for themselves. EighthŠI would then, in not a distant future, leave 