796 THE 'SENTINEL OF LIBERTY'. for political purposes. The work of the church is to save men, to fit them 'for eternal life. This is the purpose of the gospel, and, to use it for anything short of this is to prostitute it, and to fail of the very object for which it was given. The object the minister and the church should always have in view, is the salvation of men from the guilt and power of sin. This accomplished, such men will be honest wherever they may be placed in the providence of God; and not only so, but they will exert a saving influence. In this way the church not only can, but must necessarily, exert an influence not alone in politics, but in all human affairs. But this is not what is generally meant by the church in politics. Too often the church undertakes by political methods to "turn the rascals out," and generally succeeds only in installing another set of rascals no better than the first. It is well that Mr. Wishart has called attention to this fact and to the failure due to it, and has suggested a better way. B. gi DANGEROUS CLASSES IN A —REPUBLIC." THIS is one of the subjects considered at the New York State Conference of Religion, and pa-pers were read upon it by Dr. Fred. Howard Wines, of the Census Office, Washington, D. C., and Presi-dent George A. Gates, D. D., of Iowa College.'  Such was the agreement between these papers that the second gentleman felt called upon to re-mark that Dr. Wines' paper rendered some portions of his unnecessary, but that each had written With-out any knowledge of the views of the other. In view of this fact the agreement was certainly re-markable. The gentlemen agreed that the dangerous classes were not the poor, the unemployed; not the pau-pers, nor even the " criminal classes," but the mon-eyed, and landed aristocracy that is rapidly gather-ing to itself the great bulk of the wealth of the country.. Not only immensely wealthy men, but gigantic corporations are pooling their issues until well-nigh,every industrial and commercial interest is controlled by them, and not only the people, but even the laces are exploited in the interests of the trusts., The result is first ,discontent, and then contempt and even hatred of law. So that at the doors of the wealthy must be laid the responsibility for the unrest, the spirit of lawlessness, and for much of  the crime of to-day; and to find the dangerous classes we must go not to our -asylums, our jails, our State's prisons, but to Wall Street, to -the stock'  exchange, to the board of trade, to the chamber of commerce, etc.' The dangerous classes are the men who exploit the people for gain. B. THE CHURCH IN POLITICS. HON. BIRD S. COLER, Comptroller of New York City, read a paper at the recent New York State Conference of Religion on "The Unused .Power of the Churches in Politics." Among other things Mr. Coler said: "There is a place for the church in politics and public affairs. That fact will not be denied except by those politicians who fear that good influences would crowd them out before they could reform. In my opinion the place for the church as an or= ganized force in temporal affairs' is not in the ward meeting, the political convention, or the ,partY-council. Its influence should be exerted beneath,  and beyond those partizan and factional units in our political system. " When conditions become unbearable we have in the 'past followed-the simple rule of turning out one 'party and putting in another. This method has never reformed a party or a politician, and it never will, produce permanent gOod government in,  city, nation, or State. When our political condi-tions are bad and our public service corrupt or in, competent, the real fault lies 'beyond partizan policy or factional organization, deep=rooted in untaught and misguided public Sentiment. In that broad, neglected field of public opinion, perverted by false teaching, or its moral sense blunted by pre- cept and exampleŠthere is the place for church in- - fluence in politics. "To improve civic and political conditions :the church must reach the masses, and reach them in the guise of a patient, pradtical agency for material improvement. I intend no disrespect or levity when I say that I do not believe you can win One vote for good government by telling a than his chances of going to heaven will be improved if he votes a certain ticket on election day. But you can, -in time win unlimited-thousands of votes h e n you convince the masses Of the people that holiest and intelligent city government means better material conditions for them." In brief, Mr. Coler's idea is that the cl-mroli haS no place " in politics" as the term is generally un-derstood: And in this the Comptroller 'is 'ungtes=-tionably right. The appropriateWoik of the c7 urch 