150 AMERICAN SENTINEL. not grievous." 1 John 5:3. There is no fear therefore but that faith will infallibly lead one to keep the Sab-bath, for that is a part of the commandments of God. We have said that to add anything to faith as an aid to it, is to deny faith, and thus negative the power of God. But this is exactly what is being done with ref-erence to the Sunday-Sabbath reform. While professing to have faith in God, the advocates of Sunday are not content with that. In addition to this they appeal to earthly powers for help to save their sabbath from destruction. In doing so they deny that the power of God is sufficient, and so they contradict themselves in their profession of faith. liow different such a course is from that set forth in the Scriptures. There we read that the preaching of God's servant was not "with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power; that your faith should not stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God." 1 Cor. 2:4, 5. It was true then; it is true now. One's faith is ever-lastingly to be in the power of God. In the history of the Reformation we find an illustration of this truth. We look in vain for a single instance where Luther sought for help from the State. It is true that the Elector Frederick protected him, and once had Luther seized and carried to the Wartburg. But this was con-trary to Luther's wish, and it was not long before he left the Wartburg without the knowledge of Frederick, refusing all protection from this prince, but rather offer-ing him his (Luther's) protectionŠthat which he -had through being connected with God by faith. And so it is with the present-day gospel reform, for Sabbath reform is gospel reform. Let every soul beware how he espouses the Sun-day-Sabbath reform, and unites his voice with the others in asking help from the State. To do so means for him to raise his hand against God's creatures, and do them violence; and sooner or later, to find that he has in this work been fighting against God. It can mean nothing else than persecution. The work is not of faith. We have before remarked that to compel a person to keep the Sabbath by means of the civil power, can result in nothing else than injury to him, confirming him in his sin. But this is not all. It will do the same for one who uses the civil power, be he minister or statesman. He not only brings the other man into the most abject slavery; he brings himself into it, even the slavery of sin. This is so because his work is not, cannot be, of faith; and " Whatsoever is not of faith is sin." Rom. 14:2, 3. But "the wages of sin is death." Therefore there is death in Sunday laws for all who have anything to do with them. Not so is it with those who advocate the seventh day as the Sabbath. It is true that they number less than one tenth of one per cent. of those who keep Sunday.  From first to list they repudiate the principle that the state can keep the church of ChristŠalthough it may any other church; they deny that it is possible for the Sabbath to be kept by means of any law, even the law of God; that it can be done only through the power of God by the faith of Jesus Christ in the gospel. "And this is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith." 1 John 5:4. "If We Let Him Thus Alone." "IF we let him thus alone, all men will believe on him; and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and our nation." This was the decision of the council of the priests and Pharisees in regard to the work of Christ. They had just been informed of the rais-ing of Lazarus from the dead by the Son of God, and were constrained to acknowledge, "this man doeth many miracles." They had had evidence upon evidence that he exercised divine power, that he lived a blameless life in harmony with the law of God; yet these men con-cluded that they were jeopardizing the nation by letting him alone. He was no malefactor, he was no law-breaker, he was no insurrectionist. He condemned nothing but unbelief, hypocrisy, and tyranny. Peaceably he went about his own business,Šlaying hands on the sick, and healing them, opening the eyes of the blind, unstopping the ears of the deaf, bidding the lame to walk, the sorrowful to rejoice, and the sinful to sin no more. He healed the broken in heart, brought deliverance to the captive soul, and preached good tidings to the poor. What was there in such a work of mercy and love to call for the decision of the priests and Pharisees, and move upon them to pro-claim that it was not safe to let him alone? When they looked into his pure, compassionate eyes with murderous hate, he asked, "Which of you convinc-eth me of sin?" And they could not answer him; "for he did no sin, neither was guile found in his mouth." He was no enemy to civil government in the exercise of its just functions, nor did he neglect the ordinances of reli-gion. Their plots to entrap him on both questions had made him manifest a' more loyal than his enemies to both religion and civil government. And yet they deŁ clared that it was dangerous to let him alone. What was the fundamental reason of their cruel deci-sion? It was a selfish, satanic reason. His mild and gentle power was undermining the kingdom of self and Satan. By both precept and example he was revealing to men the character of the subjects of God's true king-dom, and souls were turning from darkness to light, from disobedience to holiness, from Satan to God. The rightful Prince of men and the world was manifesting his dominion over hearts and nature, and the Usurper was alarmed, and inspired his subjects with his own satanic fear. All men would "believe on him," and such was the 