ANC weACT JU811Cg,.0 ,tt,(1`)P.  KEEP THE a 1-4-1.E. AsaRia tonostfARtffeAts9 78 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. suits of life without fear or molestation." If this definition be substantially correct, and the two religions be submitted to its test, the palm of victory must, of neces-Eity, be given to Christianity. If we trace the record of civilization from the incipi-ent tribal relations to the gathering into a monarchy in Assyria, and so on down through the succeeding kingdoms until we reach Rome, we notice a constant develop-ment in culture and 'refinement, under Paganism, but a lamentable disregard by the reigning power of the life and liberty of individuals. With the coming of Christ, a new era dawned upon the world. Up to that time civilization to the individual had been a partial failure. He had become, it is true, both cultivated and refined, and, so far, civilized, but the union for individual protection had not resulted from the civil-ization, for while the history of Rome, for instance, shows that the State protected its subjects to the best of its ability from common foes from without, it absorbed the individual's liberty and made him a mere machine for the advancement to, and maintenance in, power. Such a thing as personal liberty was unknown, the indi-vidual existed simply for the State. Jesus Christ taught the value of a soul and thrilled the world with the doctrine of true libertyŠ" Render, therefore, unto Csar [earthly rulers] the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." The individualism that then had its birth has come to fruition in our own country, where civilization has resulted in a confederation and government "of the people, by the people and for the people," and where all men have [in theory] a right "to worship God according to the dictates of their own conscience ; " where they are protected in their life and pursuit of hap-piness; where woman has been elevated to her proper sphere as the equal of man, and where the value of an individual life is fully appreciated. To Christianity, then, belongs the palm of victory, as having developed the highest and true standard of civilization, and to our country the proud distinction of selection as the field for its development.ŠW. S. C., Decker-town, N. J. THE minister of religion should inculcate correct principles, should insist upon hon-esty in every walk of life, but when he at-tempts to coerce voters by threats of the Divine wrath, or even to influence them in a certain direction by threatening them with his own or the church's dis-pleasure, he abuses his sacred office and arrays himself on the side of religious des-potism. It matters not even if, in a given case, the minister's views are correct as to the better political course to pursue, the principle remains unchanged; and it should be insisted upon by free people ev-erywhere that ecclesiastics, as such, shall keep out of politics. NTIktrI01V.A.1.0  ROM Likrtll fiSSOGiatimi DEGUIRRTION OF PRINGIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a Curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit. ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our follow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL, 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. IT is reported that petitions are being industriously circulated in Canada, asking that the Canadian Government order its exhibit at the World's Fair closed on Sunday. THE "Pearl of Days" reports that "the Legis-lature of Ohio by a decided voteŠfifty-four in the affirmative and twenty in the negativeŠhas re-quested the Commissioners of the Columbian Expo-sition, in Chicago, to keep the gates closed on Sun-day." Ł THE question of teaching religion in the public schools is one that will not down. The advocates of a national religion are of course logical and con-sistent in attempting to use State and national means for its promulgation. That California is feeling the premonitions of a coming agitation of this subject is shown by the following editorial item from the Grass Valley Union:Š "A controversy appears to be raging in the State Normal School at San Jose as to whether or not the Bible should be read in the school. Any dis-pute of this kind is to be greatly regretted. The public schools and the public school system of the State are well managed, and religious questions have nothing to do with them. This is one of the cases in which it is proper to let well enough alone. In this connection there is a rumor throughout the State that during the last few months religious exercises of some nature have been conducted on Sunday in the university buildings at Berkeley by professors of the institution. This is probably un-true, but were it correct it would show bad taste and wrong judgment. The buildings have never been open on Sunday during the twenty years of their existence, and should be used for the purposes for which they are built, and for which every class of people pays taxes." THIS extract from the proceedings of the Ohio Legislature published in the State Journal, Colum-bus, February 25, shows how little the legislative mind comprehends the true principle at issue in these bills involving religious questions :Š " The gay barber was the subject of legislative consideration yesterday afternoon in the house. Mr. McConnell, by request of the Journeyman Bar-ber's Association, had introduced a bill prohibiting barbering on Sunday. "There was some opposition to it coming from the rural districts but it passed by a good majority. Mr. McConnel, the author of the bill, championed his measure and claimed it was demanded by 'advan- cing civilization and was in the interest of human-ity.' "Mr. Beaird opposed the bill on the ground that it would inconvenience the traveling public. Before this reform was instituted he would suggest that saloons be closed on Sunday. Though demanded by the union of barbers it was not made in the in-terest of the laboring class, many of whom had no opportunity to be shaved on Saturday. There were ten votes against the bill, which provides that any person found engaged in the business of barbering on Sunday shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction shall be fined not less than twenty-five or more than fifty dollars, or imprisoned in the county jail for a period of not less than fif-teen nor more than thirty days." ON Wednesday, March 2, the Committee on Cor-porations, of the New Jersey Legislature, to which questions in reference to the World's Fair had been referred, gave a hearing upon the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday. There were present about twenty-five persons, mostly clergymen and members of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. Three members of the Legislature attended the hearing. The purpose of the gathering was to ask that a resolution be presented to the Legislature, and passed, expressing it as the opinion of the Legislature of New Jersey that the World's Fair should be closed on Sundays. Rev. Geo. S. Mott led the delegation and gave a detailed history of the practice of previous expositions, in this and other countries, and upon the precedents quoted based his request for legislative action in the case of the Exposition at Chicago. Mr. Mott attempted to put his plea entirely upon a civil basis, but Jas. S. Ford, and Mr. Taylor, of Belvidere, who followed him, being less instructed in the sophistries of the subject, made a religious plea that the Legislature should voice the views of the churches and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union in regard to Sunday closing. The action taken by the Legislatures of Massachu-setts, Ohio, Kentucky, and Virginia, and the As-sembly in New York in voting their State Exposi-tions closed, or passing resolutions recommending the closing of the Fair, was quoted as a strong in-centive to similar action by this and other legisla-tures. .4-. A DIFFERENCE of opinion seems to have arisen in Minneapolis, Minnesota, between the city council and the Sabbath Union and the Law and Order League. The life of the Sunday-closing ordinance there has been short. The committee to whom the matter was referred in the council made this re-port:Š "Your standing Committee on Ordinances, to whom was referred an ordinance to close Sunday theaters, respectfully report that they have given the matter careful consideration and find that some people work seven days in the week, some six days and rest one. Some work one day and rest six. Your committee regard it as a self-evident proposi-tion that those who merit the greatest considera-tion from the State are those who work the most, other things being equal. " Your committee further finds that one man esteemeth one day above another; another esteem-eth every day alike. Let every man be fully per-suaded in his own mind. ' And again, He that re-gardeth the day regardeth it unto the Lord; and he that regardeth not the day to the Lord doth not re-gard it.' "Your committee respectfully recommends that said ordinance be laid on the table." Alderman Bradish supplemented this report with a speech after the same fashion. It seemed to him that the preachers and Sunday-closing agitators were a little out of their latitude; they were trying to improve on the word as God made it. He said further :Š " This council has always been harassed by peo-ple representing the two extremes in the commu-nityŠthe Puritans and the im-Puritans. The first R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 