260 TAE AMEIRICAN conflicting standards of religion. If the Lutherans and Jews do not like Russia " and its Christian features, let them go to some wild, desolate land . . . and set up a government of their own, and then, if they can stand it, stay there till they die." As it is with National Re-formers, so it is with the CzarŠany one is an atheist who does not accept his defini-tion of Christianity. All the persecution in Russia arises from the enforcement of what the Czar calls " Christian laws;" that is, laws for the protection and enforcement of Chris-tianity, as officially defined by the gov-ernment. And these laws are said to be enforced for the good of the State, in order that Russia may maintain her " Christian character." Reader, beware of a so-called Christian government. Beware of a government that has concluded to have a religion, and to " exercise itself about religious affairs." Beware of a government that officially defines Christianity for its citizens. Be-ware of a government which commands the people to do a thing because it would be pleasing to God. Beware of a govern-ment which defines the will of God for its subjects. Beware of a government that passes laws favoring Christianity, for in so doing it defines Christianity. Beware of a government which asks the people to look to it for their religion, in-stead of looking to God. Beware of a government that puts itself in the place of God to rule the consciences of men. Beware of a government which substitutes the power of civil law for the power of God. Beware of a government which calls religious institutions " civil," that it may assume jurisdiction over them. Beware of a government which enforces a recog-nition of religious institutions " for the good of the State," or " for the benefit of the public health." Beware of a church or of an individual that asks-  the govern-ment to do any of these things. A. DELOS WESTCOTT. Causes Which Led to the French Revolution. INFIDELITY, the change of the week and weekly rest-day, the suppression of the Bible and religious rites, are some-times referred to by those who favor an establishment of religion by law, as the causes of the French Revolution, or "Reign of Terror." But such is not the case. These are simply incidents of that awful epoch, and not causes. Ridpath, in his candid and impartial " History of the World," thus states the causes which led to the French Revolution :Š There were 23,000 monks in France; there were 60,000 curates and vicars; there were 37,000 nuns; there were 2,500 monasteries, 1,500 convents, and 60,000 churches and chapels. In all of these there were 130,000 persons who enjoyed themselves in the work of saving France from her sins. But hey did not begin with themselves. There were  140,000 nobles in France. They Put on regalia, and stuck feathers in their hats. The noble families numbered 30,000. On each square league of terri-tory, and for each thousand of the inhabitants, there was a castle and one noble family. France was not only saved, but she was ennobled. It re-.  quired a great deal of land to support properly the dignity and office of one of her saviours. The Abbey of St. Germain-en-Laye owned about 900,000 acres. One-fifth of all the land of France belonged to the clergy, one-fifth to the nobility, one-fifth to the communes and kings. . . . It is impossible to describe in adequate terms the system of gov- ernment and of social despotism established over Ł the French nation in the eighteenth century. . . . The theory, reduced to a formula, ran thus: It is the dutyŠthe businessŠof the State to teach men what things to do, and of the Church to teach them what things to believe. As for man, it is his busi-ness to be governed. Of the Revolution itself, Ridpath says: It was simply a revolt, an insurrection of the emancipated mind of France against the tyranny of her social, civil, and religious institutions, a re-bellion of man against his masters, a struggle of the human spirit to break an intolerable thralldom which had been imposed upon it by the past. . . . The day of pleasant things had passed. No more could the fiery spirit of roused-up France be soothed with royal cordials or put to sleep with a lullaby. The new king's ancestors for two hundred years had sown to the wind, and now their princely and good natured offspring must reap the whirlwind. Man's Law versus God's Law. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: In the recent decision of Judge Hammond in the celebrated King case, I find it laid down that man's law must be obeyed even though it commands that which God has never commanded, and, it may be, has never sanctioned. ,The Judge says :Š It may be harmless in itself (because as petitioner believes, God has not set apart that day for rest and holiness), to work on Sunday; and yet, if man has set it apart in due form by his law, for rest, it must be obeyed as man's law if not as God's law; and it is just as evil to violate such a law in the eyes of the world, as one sanctioned by GodŠI mean just as criminal in law. In another part of his decision Judge Hammond affirms that a law like the Tennessee Sunday law, which would com-pel Mr. King to rest on the first day of the week, does not invade the latter's con-science, since it is not any part of his creed, or of that of his denomination, that the fourth commandment enjoins labor during six days in the week. Now, what Mr. King's conscience tells him upon this point I do not know; but I think every candid person must admit that such a law, if not in conflict with what the fourth commandment enjoins, is in direct conflict with what the commandment allows, and therefore equally void and out of place upOn the statute books of any State. 'The fourth commandment says :Š Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work," etc. Now, if this language has any meaning it is a direct permission to man from the Almighty himself to perform work upon six days of the week; and to say, in the  face of this, that Sunday laws must be obeyed by the seventh-day keeper on the plea that they do not require him to vio-late his conscience, is to ignore God's re-lation to man, and invade a right which the latter's conscience tells him is as sacred and well established as any which could possibly belong to the individual. Man's law is no less in conflict with God's law when it forbids that which God's law permits, than when it permits or enjoins that which God's law forbids. When the Almighty has with his own voice said, " six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work," where is the man or combination of men that have the author-ity to say, thou shalt not labor six days ? Mr. King ought to be at once released. Yours for the right, L. A. SMITH. Intolerance in Illinois. FROM a letter received from Brother T. B. Bolton, of Illinois, we learn that the dragon spirit is being manifested in that State against those who " keep the com-mandments of God." Brother David Longnecker, of that State, has been arrested on the following charge :Š Jacob Tidmore complains that David Longnecker, of the county of Macon, and State of Illinois, on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, to wit, on the 19th day of July, A. D. 1891, was guilty of making a great noise, screaming, and talking with a loud voice, whereby the peace of the affiant and his family was then and there dis-turbed. The arrest was based on section 262, of the Statutes of Illinois, which provides for a fine of not more than twenty-five dollars for disturbing the peace of any private family, " by any noise, rout, or amusement, on the first day of the week, called Sunday." The complainant failed to prove the charge, he himself admitting that Brother Longnecker was heard to speak to his horses, to start and stop them, and not louder than was necessary, nor louder than he would on any other day. Illinois has another Sunday law (section 261) which forbids common labor on Sun-day, but exempts " whomsoever thinks proper to keep any other day as a Sab-bath." Failing to convict under section 262, Brother Longnecker was found "guilty in that he had labored on the Sabbath," and ordered to pay a fine and costs amounting to 17. 80 . The decision was based on section 261, not referred to in.the complaint, and which contains an exemption clause as quoted. Mr. Tidmore had a visitor at the time he was disturbed, who was also disturbed by Brother Longnecker's working, and as Brother Longnecker came past, called to him with a blasphemous oath, and asked if he was a heathen. One of the witnesses for the plaintiff declared that he should 