144 A_INT kil\Trr 1EN   11-1-,111L, VOL. 8, No. 18. NEW YORK, MAY 4, 1893. MANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is ourinvari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. VERY unfortunately General Grant once said that the best way to get rid of a bad law was to rigidly enforce it. It is a great mistake. The enforcement of a bad law means injustice to somebody, and injustice is never justifiable. The best way to get rid of a bad law is to repeal it ; and as a general thing if those who are charged with the enforcement of such laws would speak out promptly and demand their re-peal, legislatures would be quick to re-spond. WE remarked last week that it remained to be seen whether the courts of Maryland would sustain the Sunday law of that State. As will appear from an article on another page, this question has been affirmatively answered, at least so far as the minor courts are concerned. The Circuit Court of Kent County has not only affirmed the law but has decided that in enforcing it justices and constables may ride roughshod over the statutory guarantees of the citizen. It re-quires only a like decision from the Su-preme Court of Maryland to entitle that State to rank with Tennessee in the iniqui-tous work of persecution for conscience' sake. THE interview on another page which we republish from the Transcript, of Chestertown, Md., should not be omitted by any reader. It is full of interesting facts and opinions. Mr. Ringgold is never prosy, and especially is this true when he discusses Sunday laws and their relation to liberty of conscience. The assumption by the courts of Ten-nessee and Maryland that a man must show that he has a religion before he can plead the constitutional guarantee of lib-erty of conscience is entirely unwarranted. The right to worship God, implies also the right not to worship. A man is not free to do that which he must do. The declaration of the Tennessee Bill of Rights that " no human authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience," is broad enough to cover with its. mantle of protection the right of every man to absolute freedom in religious matters, and should be so con-strued by the courts. That it is not is ominous. It foreshadows even more seri-ous assaults upon religious liberty than we have yet witnessed. Likewise the language of Article 36, of the Maryland Bill of Rights, would seem to be sufficiently explicit to secure the rights of all, but that it does not is evi-denced by the fact that a Seventh-day  Adventist is in jail at Chestertown to-day for no other reason than practical dissent from his neighbors on the purely religious question as to which day of the week should be observed as the Christian Sab-bath. The Bill of Rights declares that " all persons are equally entitled to pro-tection in their religious liberty; where-fore no person ought, by any law, to be molested in his person or estate on account of his religious persuasion or profession, or for his religious practice, unless under color of religion any man shall disturb the good order, peace or safety of the State, or shall infringe the laws of moral-ity, or injure others in their natural, civil, or religious rights." But this is ignored, and a Seventh-day Adventist is impris-oned for husking corn on Sunday, a day which his religion teaches him should be devoted to secular pursuits in obedience to that part of the divine law which says : "Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work." That husking corn is immoral can not be maintained; that it interferes with others is too absurd to be even as-serted; but that the law of Maryland for-bids it on Sunday in deference to the re-ligious prejudices of a portion of the citi-zens of that commonwealth, and that the courts stand ready to enforce the law not-withstanding the Bill of Rights, has been demonstrated, at least as to the inferior tri-bunals. What the court of last resort will do remains to be seen. THE Associated Press despatches note the progress of the attempt to modify or repeal the Sunday laws of Pennsylvania Ł as follows :Š Harrisburg, April 21.ŠWhen Senator Flinn yesterday asked unanimous consent to make a motion to discharge the committee on vice and immorality from further consideration of the bill to repeal the Allegheny County special Blue Law act of 1855, several noes were heard. Mr. Flinn stated that the committee stood four for reporting affirmatively, and four for negative recommenda-tion, and the tie might remain unbroken. The bill had been reported Wednesday, but recommitted on his motion to satisfy an absent member of the com-mittee, and he could not see why senators ob-jected to reporting the bill at this time. Several senators did object, and the matter went over until next week. The rival " Law and Order " organiza-tions of Pittsburg are awaiting the result of these bills like hounds straining at the leashŠthere will be a full throated chorus and a view-halloo either way the quarry turns. The hunt is on. THE systematic persecution of the Sev-enth-day Adventists in Tennessee, in , Maryland, and elsewhere, and the or-ganized effort throughout the country to establish and enforce the most strenuous legal discrimination against all seventh-day keepers, does not abate in the least the activity of the Seventh-day Advent-ists in good works, in the lines of educa-tional and medical missionary labor which require large outlays of means and the time and strength of many self-sacri- ficing laborers. The Mt. Vernon Sanita-rium building, Mt. Vernon, Ohio, where this denomination has conducted a medi-cal institution, well and favorably known for some years, will be closed as a Sani-tarium on May 1, and opened September 1, as an academy. It is understood that already about two hundred prospective students have applied for entrance next fall. All the medical appliances and furniture will be removed to 28 College Place, Chicago, where a new sanitarium is to be opened, in connection with a training school for medical missionaries. The medical missionary work of the Seventh-day Adventists is far more ef-ficient and thorough than anything of the kind ever before attempted, and is being rapidly extended. A PRIVATE letter, from a Seventh-day Adventist, in Asheville, N. C., says:Š The prospect is that one or two of our brethren may be indicted for Sunday work. The court will be in session next week, and we hear they will not say anything until near the time. One is a farmer and has seven children; he was plowing in his field. He is a good man, and has been observing the Sabbath nearly a year. What a strange inconsistency is here This worthy farmer and father of a fam-ily who is conscientiously " observing the Sabbath " is to be put under arrest, and perhaps subjected to fine and imprison-ment, upon the claim that he is failing to observe a Sabbath according to the statute made and provided. The list of banner States of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union is increasing. This is the roll of dishonorŠArkansas, Ten-nessee, Georgia, Maryland, and now North Carolina is about to swell the number. Although the attempted enforcement of religious law has become quite universal throughout the United States, in these States only has it yet attained to a definite religious persecution. Ł Battle Creek Sanitarium Health Foods. THE managers of the Sanitarium Health Food Co. wish to announce to their old patrons and friends that their principal health foods are now manufactured and sold at the Rural Health Retreat, St. Helena, Cal. Several of our leading foods, including Granola, are also manufactured and sold at Union College, College View, Neb. Neither Granola nor any other of our health foods are manufactured by other parties than those mentioned above, except ourselves. SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO. BATTLE CREEK MICH. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c. 25 to 99 " " " ,, " - - - 80c. 100 to 249 " " " " 46 - - 75c. 64 250 to 499 " " 66 " 4< .. - . 70c. 44 500 to 999 " " " " - - 65c. " 1000 or more " 6' 66 44 . .. - 60c. ro foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 93 Bond Street, New York City. 