OaTotEit /6, 1803, Aiiktr-21,ai CAN-  giNVINVilt,., g33 prayer-book, reveals their real purpose and attitude. While these considerations do not excuse the errors which mar the Puritan chapter of history, yet it will enable us to be more charitable as we enter upon a brief exam-ination of some of their religious enact-ments. This done, the question of their influence will have been, at least, partially answered. For maintaining their ideal theocratic state in its purity, various measures were from time to time adopted. These were intended to secure, first, purity of faith among themselves; and secondly, to pre-vent the formation of sects and churches which might endanger the unity of the government. 1stŠLet us consider some of those enactments having in view the first-named purpose. In Chapter 51, sec. 1, of the Charters and Laws of Massachusetts Bay Colony, I find the following, enacted in 1646, which I quote in full:Š Although no human power be Lord over the faith and consciences of men, yet because such as bring in damnable heresies, tending to the subversion of the Christian faith and destruction of the souls of men, ought duly to be restrained from such noto-rious impieties, it is, therefore, ordered and declared by the court, that if any Christian within this ju-risdiction shall go about to subvert and destroy the Christian faith and religion, by broaching and maintaining any damnable heresies ; as denying the immortality of the soul, or resurrection of the body, or any sin to be repented of in the regener-ate, or any evil done by the outward man to be accounted sin, or denying that Christ gave himself a ransom for our sins, or shall affirm that we are not justified by his death and righteousness, but by the perfections of our own works; or shall deny the morality of the fourth commandment, or shall openly condemn or oppose the baptising of infants, or shall purposely depart the congregation at the administration of that ordinance, or shall deny the ordinance of the magistracy, or their lawful au-thority, to make war, or to punish the outward breaches of the first table, or shall endeavor to induce others to any of the heresies above men-tioned: Every such person continuing obstinate therein, after due means of conviction, shall be sentenced to banishment. In the following section of the same chapter, the maximum limit of the penalty for denying "either by word or by writ-ing" any of the books of the received canon " to be the written and infallible word of God" on the part of any person, above sixteen years, professing the Chris-tian religion, and " belonging to this jurisdiction," was fined at fifty pounds or " forty strokes." It was further enacted that "if the said offender after his recan-tation, sentence or execution shall the second time publish, and obstinately and pertinaciously maintain the same wicked opinion, he shall be banished or put to death as the'tourt shall judge." Section 13 of this chapter decreed thatŠ If any Christian within this jurisdiction shall go about to subvert and destroy the Christian faith and religion, by broaching and maintaining any damnable heresy, he shall pay twenty shillings a month for the first six months and forty shillings a month for the next six months, and so continue through his obstinacy. For trying to seduce any other person to the like heresy he was fined five pounds. 2nd. Let us next consider some of those laws enacted to prevent the growth of what were regarded as dangerous sects. These were especially severe against Quakers. Anabaptists were punished under the general laws against heresy. The opening clause of Section 4, chapter 51, I quote as best explaining the temper of these laws :Š WHEREAS there is a cursed sect of heretics lately risen up in this world, which are commonly called Quakers, who take upon them to be immediately dent of God, and infallibly assisted by the Spirit, to  speak and write blasphemous opinions, despising government, and the order of God in church and commonwealth, speaking evil of dignities, re-proaching and reviling magistrates and ministers, seeking to turn the people from the faith, and gain proselytes to their pernicious ways. The court considering the premises, and to prevent the like mischief, as by their means is wrought in our native land. . . . The enactments under this clause pro-hibited the importation of Quakers or " any other blasphemous hereticks" under penalty of one hundred pounds ; the entertainment of Quakers under penalty of " forty shillings for every hour's entertainment or concealment." It cost any person ten shillings to defend or en-courage, by speaking or writing, " their pernicious ways," and every one speaking in a Quaker meeting was fined five pounds. Penalties and restrictions were increased until they were banished under pain of death. Under this law four persons who persistently returned contrary to orders were executed. * Vagabond Quakers were tied to a cart's tail, the upper half of the body laid bare, and whipped through the streets of different towns. f The authorities, after the execution of the four persons above referred to, seeing the utter futility of trying to keep them out of the colony by such harsh measures, repealed corporal punishment and the death penalty against them; but soon re- enacted the law against vagabond Quakers. Most jealously every encroachment upon the unity of faith and practice of the churches was guarded. Statutes providing for an able ministry : for their support by taxation of all, whether church members or not: for the regular attendance upon the administra-tion of the Word: for the deposition of unworthy ministers, were enacted :I one imposing a fine of forty shillings a month " as long as he shall continue in his obsti-nacy," upon every Christian who should go about openly renouncing his church membership or the ministry or other or-dinances upon any " groundless conceit" as enacted in 1646.§ As late as 1679 they thought it necessary to prohibit by statute the building without permission of the free men of the town, of new meeting-houses which might perpetuate divisions and weaken " such places where they dwell, in the comfortable support of the ministry orderly settled amongst them." 3rd. The relation of Church to State was a peculiar one. The two following sections may illustrate this relation :Š It is further ordered, that no person being a member of any church which shall be gathered without the approbation of the magistrates and the said churches, shall be admitted to the freed( m of the commonwealth. The civil authority here established hath power and liberty to see the peace, ordinances and rules of Christ be observed in every church according to his word: as to deal with any church member in a way of civil justice, notwith-standing any church relation, office or interest. It thus appears to have been a State within a Church rather than a union of State and Church. The State, although within, threw its protecting arms over ,the Church. With the limitation of franchise to church members, the supremacy of the State could be acknowledged with no dan-ger from without to the Church. This subordination of the Church to the State was an important principle with the Puritans, and was nominally secured by the final clause of Section 10, " But no church censure shall degrade or depose *Bancroft, Vol. 1, p. 367. t Sec. 10, c. 51. Charters and laws of Colonial Prov. of Mass. Bay, chap. 39. § Sec. 14, ibid. V Sec. 2, chap. 39, ibid. any man from any civil dignity, office or authority he shall have in the common- wealth." Yet their intention was, as will be seen by these enactments, to keep the State, in a very important sense, subor- dinate to the Church. This policy in-volved endless complications and incon-sistencies which, from its very nature, could not be avoided. 4th. By far, most of the legislation on religious subjects related to the proper observance of the Lord's day. The copy of " Laws " above referred to, summarily disposes of the subject by the statement that " many acts were passed and revised for the due observation of the Lord's day, too long to be printed at large in this lim-ited edition of the Colony and Province. Laws." Many acts were pased by Plymouth Colony relating to the same matter. One of these prohibited sleeping in church or remaining out doors to play, or jest, on pain of being set in the stocks. * Another imposed a fine of ten shillings or a whip-ping in default of payment, for doing any servile work on the Lord's day, another a fine of ten shillings "for assembling them-selves upon any pretense whatsoever con-trary to God and the allowance of the government, tending to the subversion of religion and churches."f Still another requires the payment of twenty shillings or sitting in the stocks four hours, for travelling or bearing burdens upon the Lord's day, to prohibit the sale or giving away of intoxicating liquors on the Lord's day except for medicinal purposes.I One, on penalty of payment of twelve pence for;bids smoking tobacco on the Lord's day, "going to or coming from the meet-ings" within two miles of the meeting house. § In this cursory review of the laws en-acted by our Puritan forefathers, it has not been the intention to refer only to the most fantastic or unjust, but to such as are truly representative of this kind of legislation. What shall be our judgment upon it ? International Congress on Sunday Rest. THE Evangel and Sabbath Outlook, in its report of the International Sunday Rest Congress at Chicago, September 28- 30, says :Š Its printed programme announced over thirty addresses and papers. "A partial list of the Advi-sory Council" of this congress gives about eighty names from Great Britain, four from Belgium, two from Holland, four from Italy, three from Hungary, eighteen from France, nineteen from Switzerland, twelve from Germany, eight from Canada, two from Denmark, two from Norway, and about eighty from the United States. On paper it was " international; " in fact, it was not. There were several papers from abroad, which were read by the officers of the congress. The attendance was surprisingly and phenome-nally small, even when allowance is made for the " reaction " following the "Main Parliament," which closed on the 27th, and the storm which prevailed on the 80th. The largest attendance was on the evening of the 30th, when Archbishop Ireland was the chief speaker. About three hun-dred were present, the majority of whom were evidently co-religionists with the archbishop and especial sympathizers with the questions touching the "working classes." The morning session on the 30th, at which the archbishop presided, began with fifteen persons and did not reach fifty at any time; actual count at several other sessions showed less than one hundred present. Leading repre-sentatives of religious thought were conspicuous * Chapter 85, ibid. t Plymouth Colony Records, Vol. 11, p. 214. Ibid. Vol. 11, pp. 57, 58. § Ibid. p. 100, Vol. 20, pp. 137, 236. 