ol[ 120 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. Vol. 7, No, 15. NEw YORK, APRIL, 14 1892.  NormŠ Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent ,to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. COMMENTING upon a recent sermon by Dr. Parkhurst of this city, an editorial writer for the Sabbath Recorder says thatŠ Dr. Parkhurst believes that the government of the city of New York is one of the matters which concerns the kingdom of God on the earth as much as a revival of religion in his church does, and the displacement of a ring of bad men belongs as truly to the advancement of righteousness, which is a part of the kingdom of God, as does the conversion of a man to Christ. And it seems from the connection that the editorial writer, who is also a min-ister, agrees with the Doctor. How any minister can entertain such views is beyond our ken. The kingdom of God on earth is simply, as the apostle declares, " to take out of " the nations " a people for his name." How, then, "the government of the city of New York," or any other city or nation, even, can be " one of the matters which concerns the kingdom of God on earth as much as a revival of religion," is quite beyond the understanding of any body except Na-tional Reformers. One of two things is true, either the estimate placed upon the government of the city of New York is entirely too high, or that placed on the nature and value of the kingdom of God is infinitely below what it ought to be. " THE displacement of a ring of bad men " is always desirable, and civilly it is highly commendable; and so is the dis-placement of dishonest and inefficient em-ployes by private corporations; but to assert that it " belongs as truly to the advancement of righteousness as does the conversion of a man to Christ," is in effect to assert that temporal and civil things are of equal importance with eternal sal-vation. THE question was once asked, "What shall a man give in exchange for his soul ?" Hitherto it has remained un-answered, but in the new light which now shines from the pulpit of the Doctor and the pen of the editorial writer, the answer is easyŠget right politically. The Cre-ator himself could devise no means for the advancement of righteousness in the earth except by giving his Son, that through faith in him men might become righteous; but now it is discovered; and the " displacement of bad men " from  office stands on a par with the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ ! What may we not look for next ? THE Aldermen of this city do not pro-pose to be left behind in the mad rush to do honor to Sunday if they can help it; and so on the 5th inst., the Board gravely determined to do no business "on any Mon-day that falls on Sunday." The action was on this wise : The Consolidation act sets forth that the assessment rolls must be received by the Board on the first Monday of July. This year the Fourth falls on this particular first Monday. In order to get around the difficulty the following resolution was offered and soberly (in the sense of gravely) adopted :Š Resolved, That the State Legislature be and is hereby respectfully requested to pass an amend-ment to said act enabling the Board of Aldermen, whenever the first Monday of July shall fall upon a Sunday or legal holiday, to meet at noon on the following day for the purpose of receiving said as-sessment rolls. And thus another "safeguard " has been thrown around "our American Sabbath." AT the so-called Sabbath Convention in Pittsburg, on the 29th ult., Rev. S. M. Bell, of Butler, said :Š We have not so much to fear from foe as from friend. The great foe of the Sabbath is the corruption and apathy of the individual conscience. It has come upon us little by little. We have gone through the years until the individual conscience---I will not say the public conscience, for the public has no conscienceŠhas become weak. Very largely the individual has committed his conscience to his party or to his church. We have formed a sort of conscience trust. We pool our consciences and pay for the relief by our votes. We do about the same thing in the church. I want to say that the great peril of the Sabbath is the corruption and the apathy of the individual conscience. There are some that can not get along without the Sunday paper; some think it no violation of the old law to pump the oil or the salt well. This thing has not come from without but from within. I would have no fear for the Sabbath if the individual conscience were right. I have no hope of saving the Sabbath except as we revive the individual conscience. And the Convention said " Amen," and went right on clamoring for civil laws to compel Sunday observance. But civil law can never reach and revitalize the indi-vidual conscience. The people can never by law make themselves better than they are. Ł THE Methodist Record, of Grand Rap-ids, Michigan, advises this Nation, through the President, to withold its money from the management of the Exposition, if the gates of the Fair are not "closed on the Sabbath." The Michigan Sabbath Watchman, the American Sabbath Union organ for the State of Michigan, is more ardent, and says :Š The Watchman advises more than this. It aks this Nation to withhold from this Exposition, its Christian, moral, and patriotic manhood, with what money such persons would otherwise carry to the Fair, if the gates are not closed on Sabbaths. This is simply advising Sunday keepers, by a system of boycotting, to coerce this Nation into the observance of Sunday. Who can not see that this spirit which thus seeks to carry its measures by threats and intimidations, will erelong say that  no man can buy or sell, save he who keeps Sunday, and is a pretender to religious piety, however hollow the pretension? Read Rev. 13 :16, 17. A Valuable Book. THE most valuable book which has re-cently come to the notice of the writer is " The Two Republics," by Alonzo T. Jones. Of course, the book deals with Rome and the United States. There have been other republics, but these are pre-emi-nently the two republics of all historyŠRome in, ancient times, the United States in modern; Rome in the Old World, the United States in the new; Rome, a republic in name, a despotism in fact, the United States, " a Government of the peo-ple, for the people, and by the people," in its inception,, but with its history only partially made, and its story not yet fully told. What the finale of that story is likely to be is not stated in Mr. Jones' book, and yet the reader is scarcely left in doubt upon the subject. The book contains nearly nine hundred pages, and is divided into twenty-eight chapters; and the reader will naturally divide it into three parts, first that treat-ing of Rome, second that devoted to the great apostasy of the Christian Church resulting in the Papacy, and third the influences now at work having a tendency to produce a like result in our own. coun-try, and in the not distant future. From the first chapter to the last para-graph, "The Two Republics" is not only readable, but it is intensely interesting, presenting, as it does, not disconnected historical facts, but a connected story of the development of the Papacy, with the moral of every step so plainly pointed out that every one can see just the bearing that it had upon the final overthrow of liberty of conscience. And not only so, but the principles are made to stand out in such bold relief that one wonders why it is that they have been so imperfectly understood, and so little appreciated. The persistent efforts to bring about what some are pleased to call a union of religion and the State in this Republic, gives an added interest and point to this book that it could not otherwise have. Indeed, it is safe to say that but for so-called National Reform the book never would have been written. But it has been written none too soon; and now that it has been published, it should be given the widest possible circulation. No one can carefully and candidly read " Two Repub-lics" and not be convinced that a very grave danger threatens civil and religious liberty in this country. The book ought to be placed in the hands of hundreds of thousands of thinking men and women, and it ought to be done speedily. O.P.B. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and. State, either in name or in fact Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City 