ERICAN SENT1N "IF ANY MAN HEAR .211Y WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, JULY 15, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 28. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. ifgr An y one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will he asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) IT is impossible to regulate conscience by law. Ł -4 THE truly wise man is he who can discern the signs of his own times. IT requires a whole week for the proper observance of the fourth commandment. I. I. Ł 4 No person can keep the Sabbath before being con-verted to God. And the converted individual will keep the Sabbath of his own volition. I.- 0 -4 THE correct standard of Sabbath-keepingŠthat which is acceptable to GodŠis infinitely above anything that can be defined in a human statute. RIGHTEOUSNESS is no concern of the civil law. The Scripture says that an unrighteous person cannot per-form righteousness; consequently, every law which is en-acted to enforce righteousness is a square denial of the Word of God. THE worship of God is a matter which concerns the conduct of an individual not alone on the Sabbath, but on every day of the week. Freedom of worship does not mean that a person should be free to do as hem ay choose in religion on one day of the week, and be obliged to do as some ore else may choose on another day. THE person who is not willing to make a sacrifice to keep the Sabbath, might as well not pretend to keep it at all. When the Lord comes to gather his saints, he will call for "those that have made a covenant with me by sacrifice." Ps. 50:5. People who want legislation to take all the sacrifice out of keeping the Sabbath, need not expect to get any benefit out of their keeping of it. A RELIGION which will combine with civil government must be a religion which will fight, and fight with carnal weapons; for every civil government keeps a standing army for the purpose of fighting. Hence a union of reli-gion with the State means the exaltation of an anti-christian religion. Ł lb- -4 -4-- "To What End?" IN a study of "history in the light of the ideals fur-nished by Greek literature," "the most eminent Greek scholar in Germany" lately remarked that "The same forces which have worked in Greece and Rome, are at work in our century : toward what end we may not know ŠGod knows." Such a statement by such an eminent scholar, is wor-thy of notice. Being so well versed in the history of Greece and Rome, he is well qualified to discern whether the same forces are now at work in society and nations. And when he declares that the same forces are at work to-day, the word comes with an authority that demands attention. That the statement is true, and with an emphasis, is perfectly plain to every one who has any knowledge of the times of Greece and Rome. And to any one who has no knowledge of those times the truth of the statement will become perfectly plain, upon only a meagre reading of the history of those times, and but slight attention to the course of affairs in our own day. Rat having it so plain to his mind that the same 