Ida AMERICAN g-ONTINItir.4., VOL. 8, No. 11. openly, for it is evident that the only dif-ference between the persecutors and re-ligious coercionists of Europe and of this country is that there they are not mem-bers of the American Sabbath Union. A Proposed Composite Religion. IF the people who go to the Chicago Pair, have time to spare after going through the multitude of buildings, to look at the display, they are to have a chance to hear all sorts of philosophers and social and religious doctors talk in many languages upon every kind of troublesome and insoluble question. A great feature of the exhibition is to be sundry parliaments, as they are denomi-nated in the scheme of the managers. The parliament to which. the Chicago people seem to be looking forward with the most eagerness, is " the world's first Parliament of Religions." It is to be con-vened on the 11th of next September, and it will be a polyglot congress representa-tive of " all the shades of Christianity, in-cluding the orthodox Greek, and Russian churches, Northern and Southern Buddh-ism, Confucianism, Shintoism, Zoroastri-anism, Judaism, Mohammedanism, and the various forms of Hinduism." The historic ecumenical councils of Christen-dom were narrow and provincial affairs when compared with the coming Chicago novelty, as the Tribune of that town tells us. They " only had reference to one shade of religious opinion," but Chicago will mix up all shades. It will set up a modern Pantheon in the " Hall of Colum-bus in the new Art Palace on the Lake Front." Every kind of religion will get a show, and each will have a fair field in the com-petition, for enlightened Chicago has no prejudices in the matter. Christian mis-sionaries from the East will sit " on terms of religious equality" with their old ad-versaries, Zitzuzen Ashitzu, the Buddhist monk, H. Dharmapala, the Secretary of the Buddhist Society of the Buddha Gaya Maha Bodhi, which is engaged in an at-tempt to substitute Buddhism for Chris-tianity the world over, and Moslem, Zoro-astrian, and Mohammedan scholars. An especially exhilarating part of the enter-tainment will be the reading by proxy of a paper on orthodox Hinduism by Nikanth Vithal Shastri, " the peculiar features of caste preventing orthodox adherents of that faith crossing the ocean." Other eloquent speakers expected are Mr. Jinanji Jamshedji Modi, a Bombay Zoroastrian; Mr. Pung Kwang Yu, of China, and Pro-fessOr Bunyiunanjio, of Japan. Evidently the Parliament of Religions will be a high treat, but we are surprised that we do not find Hierophant Olcott among the delegates and orators. Neither do we see the name of the Yankee Moham-medan, Webb, though they both speak a language which is understood in Chicago. Nor can we make out exactly what the Parliament proposes to accomplish, though of course there would be no reason for its existence if it really had a definite end in view. It is possible, however, that the Chicago scheme is to get up some sort of a new and compound religion, which shall include and satisfy every variety of reli-gious or irreligious opinion. The subjects for polyglot debate, as laid down in the official programme of the proceedings, suggest that the basis of the religion which would be favored by Chicago may be the-ism or belief in the existence of a God.  The discussions will continue daily from the 11th, to the 27th of September; and as the end of the parliament approaches, this theistic purpose is to be brought out more prominently. The great theme of discussion on September 26, will be " the religious union of the whole human fam-ily," and on the next day, at the final ses-sion, the parliament will consider the "elements of perfect religion as recog-nized and set forth in the different faiths." with a view to determine the " character-istics of the ultimate religion" and "the centre of the coming religious unity of mankind." It is a big job to get up a new and eclectic religion satisfactory all around; but Chicago is confident that it can finish up the business on the 27th of next Sep-tember.ŠNew York Sun. An Adventist Defends His Brethren. [The following defense of the Tennessee Advent-tists was published in the Post-Intelligeneer, Paris, Tenn,, March 3.] BEING an old resident of Henry County, and for years a subscriber to our county paper, I would kindly ask a little space in your columns to correct what I feel sure is a misapprehension on your part and also on the part of many of your readers. I am an Adventist, and the misappre-hension which I refer to is as to the con-tents of certain tracts circulated by my-self ' and other members of the same church within a few weeks past. In your issue of February 10, you accuse "the Adventists" of being the " tools " of " anarchists " in maligning the good name of our country and its citizens by circu-lating their falsehoods. This is a serious charge, and one that ought not to be made against anybody, even the members of a small and despised sect, unless it is clearly true. After reading the several articles in the Post-Intelligencer I again read carefully copies of the two tracts circulated, by my-self and by my brethren, namely, "Reli-gious Intolerance in the Republic," and "In the Chain-Gang for Conscience' Sake," and I must say that as I understand the matter neither of these publications con-tain a single statement of facts that is not substantially true. Some of the opinions and conclusions may appear too strong to those who look at this question from a different stand-point than our own. But is it kind, not to say Christian, to thus attack us be-cause certain gentlemen have expressed opinions which you do not deem war-ranted by the facts ? If we have circu-lated false charges against any, we will, if convinced of the fact, gladly retract them. But your charge against us is made in too general terms to admit of anything but a general denial. For Judge Swiggart, both myself, and so far as I know, my brethren, entertain a very high regard. Under the rulings of the Supreme Court, His Honor could not favor us any more than he has done. We believe that the whole proceedings are as distasteful to him, as they are distressing to us. We bring no railing accusations against Attorney General Lewis, but feel that he has gone beyond the requirements of his oath in prosecuting us as he has. We are not the judges of his motives, but we have a painful personal knowledge of the facts. So far as we are concerned the charges which we make that our prosecution is  religious persecution, does not refer so much to the officers charged with the en- forcement of the law, as to those who have urged them on and insisted that we must be prosecuted, but who have not had the manhood to face us in open court and swear that our quiet Sunday work was an annoyance to them. Our immediate neigh-bors are not annoyed, why should those be who live at a distance of several miles from us ? It is simply the annoyance of intolerance which they mistake for the nobler feelings of patriotism. You cite the fact that six employees of the P. T. & A. R. R. company were also indicted as evidence that we are not dis-criminated against on account of religion. But why were not some of the white em-ployees of the railroads indicted, if the purpose is simply to stop Sunday work no difference by whom ? Why are only negroes and Adventists indicted ? It is not our purpose to defy the law. We claim that according to the letter and spirit of the constitution of the State of Tennessee we have the right to work on Sunday as on other days provided we do not thereby interfere with the rights of others. True, the Supreme Court has taken a different view of the matter, but even supreme courts are not infallible, and sometimes reverse their own decisions, which our Supreme Court may yet do in this matter. Nor are we alone in this view of the constitutional question. His Honor, Judge Swiggart said in open court last summer, that were it not for the de-cision of the Supreme Court he would be inclined to hold that our work was not a nuisance. And in an interview given a reporter of the Memphis Commercial, one of the most eminent citizens of this county, Ex-Governor Porter, stated, that accord-ing to his understanding of the constitu-tion we were suffering wrongfully. It is the testimony of our enemies that in all else we are good citizens. We de-sire to be so in all things, but as we under-stand the law of God, the seventh day is the only divinely appointed Sabbath, and that we have no right to habitually rest upon another day and even outwardly ob-serve it as different from other days. You may say that this is a foolish notion, but that does not free us from the obligations to preserve consciences void of offense to-ward God. We are sorry that we can not always obey both God and man, but in case of conflict between the two, with the apostles we choose to obey God rather than man, and we believe that under the constitu-tion of the State we have the right so to do. J. H. DORTCH. Out-Heroding Herod. REV. T. M. C. BIRMINGHAM has recently held three lengthy services in Carthage, Missouri, devoted to thesubject of "Ro-manism in America." His talks on the subject of Romanism were good, explain-ing the methods by which the Pope is seeking to establish his authority in our own country, and calling upon all who were American citizens at heart to awake and resist the advances of this apostate'  power. So, when the speaker gave his plans for resisting the church of Rome, some were hardly prepared for his change of base to that of a rank National Re-former. He said :Š Solomon in Prov. 14: 34, tells us that " righteous-ness exalteth a nation." There is individual right-eousness and there is national righteousness-- 