SENTINEL OF 645 holy living. But, as it is, we need the Bible and conscience, neither alone is sufficient. Conscience s given to all. A revelation is known to all, either y its record or by its transmission from parent to child, as from the beginning. Let us prize aright the God-given promptings of conscience and the God-given teachings of revelation. All of us need both. TEACHING MORALITY ON A NON-RELIGIOUS BASIS. From the Lutheran Witness. IN all ages of the world, as far as history dates back, there have beerrmen,  who have sought to in-culcate morality, i. e., the duty of doing right, apart from religion. And the present age is no excep-tion to this rule. Right here in our country this question of teaching morality on a non-religious basis is being forced to the front, of late, by the cir-cumstance that a good many people are beginning to see the evil fruits of an education devoid of relig-ious moral training, such as the majority of our Children are receiving in the public schools of our country. This leads many to conclude that in or-der to save our Łpeople from becoming a nation of infidels and profligates it, will be necessary to intro-duce the teaching of religion into our public schools. Several attempts have _been made to introduce some kind of religious instruction to suit the tastes of all the various Christian and non-Christian patrons of the public schools, but as there are, as a rule, among these, atheists and freethinkers who will have no , religious instruction, even of the most, " broad " and liberal kind, for their children, this attempt has always ended, in failure, and is bound to end thus in the future, There is only one way left, then, in the opinion of these people, to ward off the awful danger that is threatening our nation from this quarter, and that is to lay more stress on the teaching of morality on a non-religious basis in our Public schools. We may well ask the qnestion,therefo-e: Will any bene-ficial results be likely to accrue from such a method of teaching morality? Ł Perhaps it will help us to find an answer to this-question if we go back and review the effects tkat this manner of teaching morality has prodticed in the past. What is commonly' called "moral phi-losophy" is, exactly what is expressed by the' head- ing of, this article  This philosophy had its origin in GieeCe, where-theie were principaily two schools,  the Stoics and the Epicureans. Both these systems made the happiness of the individual the final goal of moral conduct as well as the standard of morality, i. e., they taught that man ought to strive to do those things at all times that tended to make him happy, and that if he succeeded in this he had fulfilled the object of his existence. But the two systems dif-fered in this, that the Epicurean sought happiness in the enjoyMent of pleasures, while to- theŁ  Stoic it consisted in an inner self7suffitiency, in such a high degree, of satisfaction with yourself that you can afford to despise enjoyment and even endure suffering with equanimity. This " happihess ple " prevailed with more or less variation until, in the last century, the German philosopher kant brought forward the proposition that obedience to duty, regardless of happiness, is, the first and, fore, most demand of morality. This was supplemented later by, the theory of utilitarianism, which defines, duty as consisting in doing that which bfings the greatest benefit to society. This hurried outline of the history of Moral phi,- losophy will suffice to show that the teaching of mo,_ rality on a non-religious basis has not.been of a very-stable character, in the past. One system has an-_ tagonized and supplanted the other, -and to-day philosophers are as far from agreeing what morality really consists in as they were thousands of years, ago. This, it ,would seem, does not offer very-rnuch, encouragement to those who advocate a moral train-:  ing our public schools divorced from religion._ There is to this day no foundation upon >wfiich to, base such a training, and to judge, by past experl-: ences, there never will be any. So long a's a mart refuses to accept the moral teachings of the 'Bible his conception of morality will always remain hazy and indefinite, because then his only moral guide is.  his' natural conscience,' which is corrupted since the,  fall, and therefore ,often errs in distinguishing be tween right and 'wrong. Nor will. the advoCates of this non-religious train2  ing morality be able to derive much encourage-, meat, for their cause from the successes of moral philosophy in 'the past. No doubt it has, in indi-vidual cases, produced characters which, in the eyes, of men, were models. ,But, upon the whole, it is safe to say that it has done but little fbr the uplifting and betterment of humankind. The,Stoic system of phi-2 losophy produced a set Of men that were unconcerned abOut their own or their neighbor's welfare,: because. 