AMERICAN SENTINEL. 155 business that stamps a man as immoral, but the viola-tion of the Sunday law. The saloon-keeper who closes on Sunday is moral, but the one who disregards the Sunday law is immoral. From which it necessarily follows that breaking the Sunday law is a worse thing than running a saloon! Another argument of the Sunday closers was that an open saloon on Sunday constituted a "disorderly house," the keeping of which was contrary to the law. How this could be true on Sunday any more than on Monday or on other days, was not explained; and the implied distinction is altogether too fine to be discerned by an ordinary unbiased mind. Certainly the cause of temperance and of law and order has nothing to gain from the use of such arguments. It has nothing to gain from Sunday-closinglaws. This is so because such laws are rarely and only spasmodically enforced, while they throw a legal wall of protection around these nefarious institutions during six days of the week. The saloon Sunday-closing law is a law for opening the saloons six-sevenths of all the time, when temperance and justice declare they ought not to be opened at all. The saloon is a law-breaker {being an inciter to every crime), yet it is protected by law ( where there is a Sunday-closing law), which is not true of any other law-breaker. The saloon is a natural outlaw, and should be recognized as such in the criminal code. It should not be allowed the opportunity to hold up its head as a law-abiding institution. While thus strengthening the saloon, the Sunday-closing law, as stated, does little towards securing even the fragmentary seventh part of temperance for which it is ostensibly passed. Commissioner Gregory, of Kansas City, says the report, "said that in the twenty odd years of the existence of the metropolitan police the saloons had been closed only about ten Sundays. Many had been arrested, but none convicted." And this is substantially the experience had in the matter of Sun-day closing in other citit s. One thing, however, the Sunday-closing law does secure. It sets apart Sunday as a day different in char-acter from other days of the week; for why should a Sunday-closing law be advocated more than a Monday-closing or a Saturday-closing law, if Sunday is like any ordinary day. And this recognition of Sunday as an extraordinary day is due to the religious belief that Sunday is the Christian Sabbath, and is therefore a sacred day. But civil enactments are not designed to affirm and fortify religious beliefs; and in so far as they do this, they promote a union of church and state. The chairman of the Kansas City anti saloon league declared that public sentiment there was overwhelmingly in favor of "the respectful observance of the Sabbath"; and the indications are that the Sunday-closing move-ment will be quite vigorously pushed by the religious element which is behind it. A Perilous Scheme. ROMAN CATHOLIC PROPOSITION TO SECURE RELIGIOUS TEACHING IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS. New York "Sun." A PROPOSITION comes from Roman Catholic sources to all Christians and Jews to unite to secure religious education in the public schools, by demanding time and opportunity for the religious guides of the children to supplement the secular education with religious in-struction. That is, as we understand it, the religious teaching provided for under this plan would be strictly according to the prejudices and convictions of the parents and not for any proselyting purpose, the Roman Catholic, Protestant and Jewish pupils each receiving the instruction under their own spiritual guides. This seems on its face entirely fair and we do not doubt that the intention of those making the proposition is honest and sincere; but any division of the schools or of the pupils in the schools according to the religious belief of their parents is both undesirable and impracticable. If it was attempted, more especially in a great community like New York, it would result in breaking down the school system. The war of creeds would be sure to enter in and virulent religious contro-versy over the school instruction would be provoked. Moreover, a very considerable part of the parents at this time resent religious instruction of any kind whatsoever, as was indicated recently by a father's withdrawing his son from a public school simply because he was obliged to listen to the reading of the Bible. The schools being public institutions supported by general taxation, and there being here no State religion, it is obvious that they must of necessity be practically secular in their instruction, for there is no system of religious teaching which would command general assent or which would not provoke widespread resentment. Proselyting might be debarred from it by regulations made in the strictest terms possible and it might be honestly disavowed by all the religious teachers as an animating purpose, but the suspicion of it mould never be quieted; the impulse to it would be unrestrainable in teachers feeling that they had a commis4ion from God. Undoubtedly it may seem hard that Roman Catholics who esteem education without religion a veritable curse Šmaking, as the Rev. Dr. McSweeny declares, "clever unbelievers"Šshould be compelled of themselves to sup-port in the boroughs of Manhattan and The Bronx sixty schools, with more than forty thousand pupils, in order to secure religious instruction for their young; but there is no other way in this Republic. They must voluntarily bear the burden, if they feel that they cannot throw it off conscientiously, just as they bear the burden of sup-porting their churches. Parents and priests who want religious education for children must provide it in 