318 A I0II0EitIC.A..N VoL. 9, No. 40. call for men and women to arise, who had been born again, only a few arose. He had now torn the mask from his " Chris-tian nation" sinners, and he began in earnest an effort to convert " Christian nation" sinners to the Christianity of Christ. And now that so many D. D.'s are turn-ing their attention to doctoring the Chris-tianity of this " Christian nation " by the application of legal lotions, let Christians redouble their efforts to convert " Chris-tian nation " sinners, those " having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof," as well as common sinners. Significant Paragraphs. [We publish under this heading paragraphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the pertinent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.] Cardinal Gibbons on Labor. FROSTBURG, Md., Sept. 30.ŠCardinal Gibbons preached on " Labor " to a large congregation in St. Michael's Church to-day. In his sermon he said :Š " In our times there is a great tendency in every department of business through-out the United States, as well as Great Britain, to form companies. There is a continuous network of companies and part-nerships. When corporations combine it is quite natural for the laboring men to follow their example. " But labor societies have many dangers menacing them. They are composed of men formidable in numbers, varying in character and nationality. They are nat-urally more difficult to manage and more liable to be dissolved than companies or corporations. They are in need of leaders of tact and ability who will aid the em- ploy& of the societies without infringing upon their employers. " One of the most difficult questions in our times to discuss is the question of strikes. Perhaps this is not an unfavor-able time to allude to this subject, as the great strike is ended and men are disposed to be more dispassionate in their judg-ments than they were some months ago. Strikes, as experience has demonstrated, are very questionable for the redress of the laborer's grievances. They check in- dustry, excite passion. They often lead to the destruction of property, and they result in inflicting many injuries by keep-ing the laborer in idleness, while his mind is clouded by discontent, and his family not unfrequently suffer for the comforts and necessities of life. " From statistics furnished by Carrol D. Wright, of the eight years ending De-cember 31, 1888, we find that the loss to the employs by strikes amounted to nearly $73,000,000, while the employers lost only one-half this amount. I earnestly hope that some efficient remedy will be found to put an end to our recurring strikes, and arbitration seems to be the most potent method that can be conceived of. A method that entails misery and loss is not the best means of adjusting labor griev-ances. A plan that will carry with it good and true Christian civilization should be sought for and adopted."ŠN. Y. Sun, Oct. 1. Nuisance on the Causeway. THE young men that live on the south side make a general practice of playing games of baseball on the Sabbath day.  It is really a sin, for these young men; and even small children, some not ten years of age, are engaged in such games. Such practice should be abandoned, and the at-ention of the officers is called to the same. The children that should come to the Sabbath-schools are hindered by these worldly affairs. The Bible tells us to "honor the Sabbath day to keep it holy." ŠClergyman, in Daily Republican, Wil-mington, Del. Stop Sunday Work. CONSIDERABLE complaint has been made by the people living on Tatnall Street be-tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third Streets about a man living in that square, who works the greater part of each Sun-day making rowboats. Something should be done to break up the nuisance, and to learn the man that Sunday is a day of rest. Š Daily Republican, Wilmington, Del. A Religious Federation. PITTSBURG, Pa., Oct. 1.ŠAt its meeting in the Grafton Church to-morrow, the Pittsburg Presbytery will consider the greatest scheme ever brought before it for a federal union of the Cumberland Pres-byterian Church, the United Presbyterian Church, the Associate Reformed Synod of the South, the German Reformed Church, the General Synod of the Dutch Reformed Church, and the Presbyterian Church. Rev. Dr. James M. Maxwell, of Monon-gahela City, will present au elaborate re-port on the subject. The plan of federa-tion, as sent down to the lower judicatories by the highest church courts in America, is a federal union of the above-named denominations, to promote cooperation in their home and foreign missionary work, to keep watch on current religious, moral, and social movements, and take such ac-tion as may concentrate the influence of all the churches in the maintenance of the truth that our nation is a Protestant Christian nation, and of all that is therein involved. It is an effort to consolidate forces, organize more effectually, and centralize the dissenting forces, in order to move in union and rapidly on a given command.ŠWashington Post, Oct. 2. Seventh-day Adventists Not Wanted. THAT the new law and order movement, which was launched last night at the Second United Presbyterian Church, under the significant name of the Allegheny County Vigilance League, will be ruled according to dogmatic principles, was demonstrated by an incident that hap-pened at its initial meeting. It was brought about through the probable igno-rance or mistake of those who sent out notices of the meeting, but it none the less shows that none except those who follow the dictates of the leader will be allowed any say in the management of the league. Invitations had been sent to all the churches in the two cities, inviting each to send representatives to the meeting. Among the others the congregation of the Seventh-day Adventists received its notice and selected Thomas D. Gibson, William Zeidler and John Williamson as a com-mittee to attend the meeting in a repre-sentative capacity. When the discussion of the objects of the new purifier of public morals had proceeded for some time the representatives of the Seventh-day Advent-ists found that the views of those at the head of the movement did not exactly coincide with those of their church. Mr.  Williamson took the flour to express his views on the subject of Sunday observ-ance, holding that no one or no organiza-tion had a right to enforce the observance of any one day as Sunday. The chair recognized him, and according to Mr. Williamson's idea of the meeting, he had a right to express his views, as he was there as a delegate, and the discussion was understood to be open to all. It did not turn out this way, however; as the speaker had said only enough to let it be understood that he had opinions of his own on this subject, and that these opinions did not agree with those of the men at the head of the meeting; Rev. J. T. McCrory raised the question that the speaker was out of order and h ad him shut off. The incident caused a flutter of excite-ment in the meeting, but notwithstanding the injustice done the speaker, there was no recourse to the ruling, as the sentiment among the majority of those present was evidently against him. The proceedings of the meeting went on without further interruption. One of the delegates said he supposed the secretary had made a mistake in sending the notice to Seventh-day Adventists, forgetting that they were Christians every day of the week, while others were such only one day out of the seven.ŠPittsburg (Pa.) Press, Sept. 26. The Incoming Tide of Bigotry. THE Republican State Convention felt the effects of the A. P. A. If rumor be well founded the influence of the infamous conspiracy forced the setting aside of a gentleman who would otherwise have been the candidate of the Republicans for lieutenant-governor. The objection made to his candidature was that though he is not himself a Catholic, his wife is! . . . Mr. Van Schaick, whoever he is, ap-peared at the Republican Convention as the representative of the A. P. A. and, according to the reports of his conversa-tion-published, announced that 110 of the delegates to that convention were mem-bers of the A. P. A. Of course he refused to give the names of these men. Accord-ing to the regulations of this conspiracy, as exposed in the West, no member is allowed to give to the outside world. the name of another member. Now it is just as well for these persons to understand that within a year or two at the farthest the names of all of them that are of any consequence will be known and published. By the oath which they have taken, they have sworn substantially to injure Catho-lics to the best of their ability. The proper way to punish such fanatics would be to give them a dose of their medicine, and that they will receive. Some of them are engaged in the professions, as, physi-cians and lawyers, others in business as storekeepers. All these will be known in time and published in their own localities. ŠCatholic Review, New York. Watching the Lexow Committee. NEW YORK, Sept. 13.ŠRev. Father Ducy, in a letter to the New York World, reviews the work done by the Senate In-vestigating Committee in this city. He declares that he was delegated by the Vatican to carefully watch the proceedings of the committee and make a report to Rome. He continues : " It is very un-fortunate that people have been unkind enough to couple Tammany corruption with the Catholic name, and it is very 