122 AMERICAN SENTINEL. On the question of final passage the bill was lost by 55 yeas to 57 nays. The following words spoken on the occasion by Rep-resentative J. F. Wolters, show that there is yet left in Texas some patriotism and regard for personal lib-erty :Š "I vote `No' on House Bill No. 11, in its original form, as well as in its amended form. In my opinion the churches in Texas are amply protected by the laws now upon our statute books. I believe that -private resi-dences and the inhabitants thereof are amply protected. I consider this bill an infringement upon the rights of the citizens of Texas to enjoy the freedom of thought and action guaranteed them by the Constitution, to the per-petuation of which the Democratic party is pledged by the most sacred ties of tradition and by clearly enunci-ated declarations in the Democratic platform upon which the great majority of the members of this House, includ-ing myself, were elected. "Believing in the undying principles of democracy which has for its keystone the great principle that in a free government every citizen should be permitted to think and act as he may please, so long as he does not infringe the rights of any other citizen, I vote `No.' " In times like this when there is such a cry and demand for legislation on religious subjects, it is refreshing indeed to hear utterances like the above, so publicly and boldly set forth; mid although we know from the sure Word of prophecy that it cannot be long before such voices will be heard no more, or at least when heard cried down, we thank God and take courage to step into the openings as they present themselves, ever remembering that "eter-nal vigilance is the price of liberty." -Austin, Texas, Feb. 14, 1897. Sunday in the Montana Legislature. "Montana Bivouac," February 1. ALREADY two Sunday bills have been introduced in the Montana Legislature. One is for closing the saloons on Sunday, and the other, if passed, will be' a general Sunday law, reading as follows:Š "An Act to prevent the transaction and performance of business or work, except business or works of neces-sity, charity or mercy, on Sunday, and to amend certain laws in relation thereto. "SECTION 1. That Section 531 of the Penal Code of Montana be and the same is amended to read as fol-lows :Š "SECTION 531. Every person who transacts, conducts or performs any business, work or labor, except works of necessity, charity or mercy, on Sunday, or the first day of the week, is guilty of a misdemeanor. " Provided, This Act does not apply to any person who habitually observes and keeps some other clay of the week as the Sabbath, and abstains from his usual avoca- tion on such day. Ł "SECTION 2. Section 532 of the Penal Code of Mon- tana, being a section of said act, is hereby amended so as o read as follows:Š "SECTION'532. Every person who violates any pro- visions of this Act shall, upon conviction thereof, be fined for the first offense any sum not less than $10, and not more than $50, and shall be fined for any subsequent violation any sum not less than $25, and not more than $1,000." How is this for a Rocky Mountain State whose very air ought to inspire freedom in every individual? Priestism in Power. "Present Truth," London, Eng. IT is said that the witch doctors, or Fetish priests, rule over the King of Benin, and that their influence is responsible for most of the human sacrificing and slaugh-tering in that country. Go where one will in the world, or look through secular history, and it will be found that wherever a priestly caste has most influence in govern-ment there has been the greatest wickedness. Many think that this is solely because it is bad religion that gets into power, and that if only good religion could be lifted to authority in the councils of State it would be a desirable thing. But good religion asks for no authority or power from man; it rests upon the power of God and preaches a gospel of divine power. Whenever religion forsakes this in orderŁ to secure power in the State it becomes bad religion, and its whole influence is evil, whether amongst whites or blacks, civilized or uncivilized. THE New York Christian Advocate, the leading Methodist organ in this country, recently expressed itself on the subject of governmental chaplains, by say-ing that in many cases they are "undesirable ministers unloaded upon the Army and Navy by the different de-nominations;" that they are characterized by "indiffer-ence and intemperance," and that they "make the posi-tion a sinecure, finding their pleasure in ease, travel, and society." We are not disposed to question these' state-ments. All the evidence we have met with on the sub-ject confirms their truthfulness. Nor is anything else to be expected from an attempt to combine a civil with an ecclesiastical office. The wonder is that the Government should in the face of -such facts, still retain this Church-and-State feature. But instead of abolishing the office, Congress is now asked to remedy the difficulty by pro-viding that applicants for it shall undergo a rigid exam-ination. This, too, notwithstanding that clause of the Constitution which excludes any religious test in de-termining the fitness of applicants for governmental po-sitions. AN exchange says that " The ministers of Salt Lake City, Utah, have passed resolutions recommending cap-ital punishment, based on these grounds, to wit: `That the Bible favors the infliction of the death penalty for the crime of murder; that the Lord has never ordered it repealed ; that it has never been repealed, and is, conse-quently, still in force-; that such being the undisputed 