JANUARY 3, 1895. .A.A1C_ElIELI 5 Choice or Coercion, Which? PUBLIC sentiment is rapidly being edu-cated, by a class of zealous but deluded reformers, into a belief that the salvation of our nation depends upon a more general obedience to certain religious enact-ments, and especially the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, as the " Christian Sabbath ; " and hence we find that popular opinion is rapidly being crys-tallized into a desire for the enactment of va-rious coercive religious measures. And this compulsion, in matters of religion, gener-ally originates with, and emanates from, those who call themselves Christians. These dictatorial, coercive reformers claim to be followers of the humble, non-coercive Nazarene. However, these principles of coercion in religion, and physical resistance under oppression, are antichristian both in their nature and tendency. The principles ..of the gospel of Christ upon these points, are very decidedly non-coercive in religion (or anything else), and non-resistant under oppression. Let us establish the proposi-tions by Scripture citations. First as to non-coercion. When the Jewish nation had ruthlessly thrust aside the last offer of mercy that was ever to be extended to it, Jesus said : " 0 Jerusalem, Jerusalem, . . . how often would I have gathered thy children together even as a hen gathereth her chickens under her wings, but ye would not." When the ardent disciples, James and John, so far ignored their Master's method of extend-ing his religion as to resort to coercive measures,Šwishing to destroy the Sama-ritans by calling down fire from heaven upon them because of their unbelief,ŠChrist forcibly rebuked their uncharita-ble and unchristlike conduct by the follow-ing significant words : " Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of. For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them." They did not know what manner of spirit they were ofŠwhat spirit prompted them to this violent act. It was the spirit of Satan that prompted this destruction of the Samaritans. It was the spirit of Satan then, and always will be the spirit of Satan, whenever and wherever this coercive spirit is manifested. The first scripture quoted, regarding Jerusalem, shows that the religion taught by Jesus Christ, was one to be chosen by the recipient, and not forced upon an un-willing subject. Not once, not even in the least degree, dikl the divine Master resort to force to compel men to become Christians. Now as to non-resistance. Jesus gives us this positive declaration: " But I say unto you, that ye resist not evil." The vehement, impulsive Peter, on that mem-orable night when his divine Lord was betrayed into the hands of a murderous mob, so far deviated from his Master's principles as to physically resist Christ's enemies; and the loving Master was again obliged to correct him. The excited dis- ciples asked, " Lord, shall we smite with the sword ?" Peter, taking this as a sig-nal for an onslaught, "having a sword, drew it, and smote the high priest's serv- ant, and cut off his right ear." Jesus touched the ear, and healed it; then, turn- ing to Peter, he said: " Put up again thy sword into his place; for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." Here Jesus laid down the ever-lasting principle, that any one who resorts to force, or civil power, to advance the  cause of Christ, or to resist its opposers, thereby alienates himself from the power of God, and if he persists therein, will perish with the spirit of coercion to which he has allied himself. Here, then, we have the lesson taught, both by precept and example, that Christ's followers are not to resist evil. Now, from the foregoing facts, it is pos-itively certain that our modern Reformers, who are praying to the National and State legislatures in place of to God, have sep-arated themselves from the power of God; and duped and deluded, they know not what manner of spirit they are of. They are working out a satanic principle, and unless they change their course, must eventually perish with their leader and his satanic principles. The Editor Sees the Point. WITHOUT exception the religious press of the country, outside the circle of sev-enth-day observers, refuse to recognize the vital principle at stake in the Seventh-day Adventist's refusal to obey laws en-forcing Sunday observance; but here is the editor of a secular paper of wide cir-culation and influence who sees it clearly. After narrating the recent imprisonment of Seventh-day Adventists in Tennessee and Maryland, the editor of the Portland Transcript says His reason for preferring to suffer imprisonment to keeping Sunday is that he regards that day as the rival of the Sabbath of the Lord, and to honor it would be a denial of the Lord of the Sabbath. It is not with him a question of convenience, a simple choice of day, but it is a question of loyalty to God. It is monstrous and out of harmony with our age to imprison a man honestly acting upon such convictions, however mis-taken he may be in entertaining them. It is not enough to say that these people are not forbidden to keep their Sabbath, and that they are only required not to work on Sunday. The early Christians suffered martyrdom rather than offer incense on the altars of the gods. They were not forbidden to pay respect to Jehovah ; they were only asked to pay respect to pre-tended divinities in addition. Some of the Adventists have scruples against refraining from work on Sun-day which certainly ought to be respected, if they regard it as disloyalty to a conscientious conviction. Men who are acting upon such convictions will not needlessly annoy those who desire quiet and rest on the first day. We recommend this paragraph to the careful attention of Sunday-law theolo-gians. The Stocks Again. More Religious Persecution in New South Wales. AFTER an interval of some three months, religious intolerance has again manifested itself in Australia. Another member of the Seventh-day Adventist Church has been summoned to court, prosecuted, fined, and sentenced to the stocks for working on Sunday. The following account of this prosecution is taken from one of the Sydney papers :Š SUNDAY LABOR PROSECUTION. "TWO HOURS IN THE STOCKS." Before Mr. Smithers, S.M., in the summons divis-ion of the Glebe Police Court to-day, Sub-Inspector Elliott proceeded against an undersized man named Robert Shannon on an information laid under section 1 of the Act 29, Charles IL , charging him that being a person above the age of fourteen he did, on Sunday, July 29, work at his ordinary calling of a bricklayer, such work not being of necessity or of charity. Constable Burke, stationed at Leichhardt, stated that at 1 : 30 P. M. , on Sunday, July 29, he saw de-fendant engaged building a house in Albion Street, Leichhardt. He was laying bricks, and afterwards mixing mortar. Witness spoke to him, and asked  him if he was aware it was Sunday. Defendant re-plied that it was not Sunday. Witness told him that it was a breach of the law to follow his calling on the Sabbath. Defendant replied that he didn't care about the law ; that he had been working every Sunday and would continue to do so. Defendant asked for a postponement, but Mr. Smithers refused the application on learning that the summons had been served on Monday last. Defend-ant then gave evidence on his own behalf. Mr. Smithers.ŠWhat have you to say ? Defendant ŠI told him it was not the Sabbath day. The information against me is laid for working on the Lord's day. There is no precedent in the Bible for calling it the Lord's day. Mr. Smithers.ŠI am not prepared to go into that. Defendant ŠI have here a proclamation* I would like to read. Mr. Smithers.ŠI can only be guided by the act. I have nothing to do with any proclamation, and the act forbids working on the Lord's day. Defendant.ŠI was not working on the Lord's day, I was working on Sunday, and I contend that it was not the Lord's day, but the first day. Mr. Smithers.ŠDo you admit doing the work ? Defendant (after some hesitation).ŠYes, but not on the Lord's day. I believe in keeping the seventh day. Defendant then handed the proclamation he was anxious to read, to Mr. Smithers, who, after perusing it, said it could not alter the act. Defendant. ŠWill you postpone the case ? Mr. Smithers.ŠI cannot; you have practically ad-mitted the offense. Defendant. ŠNot on the Lord's day, though. Mr. Smithers.ŠI can only administer the law, but no doubt you were actuated by conscientious scruples. You are fined 2s. 6d. and costs, or in default to be set publicly in the stocks for two hours. Defendant.ŠI will prefer the stocks to paying. The Charge-Sergeant.ŠAll right, you will find them ready for you! Defendant then left the court, after again express-ing his determination to " take it out."ŠSydney Evening News, Aug. 9, 1894. A warrant was issued to levy on his goods during the afternoon.ŠSydney Morning Herald, Aug. 10, 1894. But for some reason not known to us, the warrant failed to operate. The Glebe authorities were therefore brought to face the serious question of placing Mr. Shan- non in the 'stocks. One great difficulty that confronted them was the fact that there were no stocks. Because of this, they were obliged to bring the whole case before the government. As Mr. Gould, Minister for Justice, was in the country, the papers setting iorth the case were placed in the hands e Mr. Fraser, Under-Secretary for Justice. It appears that Mr. Justice Backhouse happened to be with the under-secretary when Mr. Shannon's case was brought be-fore his attention, and that he informally solicited the opinion of the judge. After examining the papers, also the law under which Mr. Shannon was prosecuted, the learned judge gave the opinion that the proceedings were illegal. The fine pre-scribed by the law is five shillings. The fine imposed by the magistrate was only two shillings and sixpence. This was rob- bing justice of half a crown. The sentence was therefore considered illegal. The papers and the opinion of the judge were immediately forwarded to the Minis-ter of Justice to be dealt with. But as he was unable to attend to the matter, it was referred to Mr. Simpson, the attorney- general. The result was this :Š We learn from the attorney-general's department that the case of Robert Shannon has been under the consideration of the head of that department, and that Mr. Simpson has officially recommended to the gov-ernor that the sentence be remitted. The ground upon which this recommendation is based is that the sen- * Defendant here referred to the celebrated Religious Liberty Proclamation, issued by Queen Victoria, in 1858, as follows: " Firmly relying ourselves on the truth of Christianity, and acknowledging with gratitude the solace of religion, we dis-claim alike the right and the desire to impose our convictions on any of our subjects. We declare it to be our royal will and pleasure that none be in anywise favored, none molested or disquieted by reason of their religious faith or observance, but that they shall alike enjoy the equal and impartial protection of the law; and we do strictly charge and enjoin all those who may be in authority under us that they abstain from all inter-ference with the religious belief or worship of any of our sub-jects, on pain of our highest displeasure." GEO. W. SPIES. Ł Ł Ł  