190 ANDEIEZI CAN S   IkANT Vot. 8. No. U, after observing the day before according to' the plain letter of God's Word, he is arrested, fined and imprisoned like the worst criminal, and that by so-called Christians. The following from the Centreville Record is to the point :Š News reached here to-day that Mr. Edgar Price, of Millington, who has accepted the Adventists' faith, was arrested on Monday for attending to his duties on Sunday. The informer, like Judas, ate Mr. Price's bread and butter at supper and went away and betrayed him. The informer is a mem-ber of the Methodist Church. We find that some of the professed Christians are displaying a spirit, but not the spirit that you find in the Word of God. His Word does not teach that one Christian should haveanother persecuted because he does not believe like himself. Sunday laws of any kind are ungodly relics of barbarism, and as long as they re- main in force, will be used by religious bigots to enforce their opinions on those who religiously differ with them. A dark cloud is hanging over this fair land which will soon burst in all its fury on those who obey God's word in the observance of the seventh day. The church that uses the civil power to enforce its doctrine or ob-servances is destitute of godliness and in open rebellion against the government of God. E. E. FRANKE. ,The Christian's Duty Is Plain. SOME of the papers are gravely advis-ing Seventh-day Adventists to obey the Sunday laws until they can secure their repeal or modification. Indeed, one Maryland paper insists that as conscien-tious men they must do this for " it is a Christian duty to be subject to civil rulers." But that depends altogether upon what civil rulers require. From the days of the Apostle Peter until the present time the Christian motto has been, "We ought to obey God rather than men." The blood of millions has been shed in support of this principle. The Christian can go to prison or to death, but he can not deny his faith even at the behest of civil rulers, for the instant he does so he ceases to be a Christian, and is, in fact, only an idolater, worshiping at the shrine of mammon and making a god of the State. " One of the strangest and yet most logical results of the Christian teachings and practice (and one which has been, for very sufficient reasons, ignored by the theologians)," says the author of "Arius, the Libyan," * " was to develop a radical and uncompromising spirit of democracy throughout the Christian com-munities or churches. The early Chris-tians uniformly held that they, as Chris-tians, belonged to a kingdom which was in, but not of, the worldŠa kingdom for which no earthly potentate had right or power to legislate; and this living faith loosened the bond of allegiance and dis-solved the sense of obligation as to all human authority, and was the negation of the lawfulness of temporal govern-ment over the subjects of the kingdom for which they recognized no king but Christ. While, for the sake of peace, they were willing to render unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, by paying taxes to that government under which they lived, and by even yielding ready obedience to all laws and customs which did not come in conflict with the higher *Of this book the New York Observer sags: "A work of at beauty and power, and with fascinating style and in-imate knowledge of the history of the early centuries of the Christian era." D. Appleton & Co., New York. law of the kingdom, the rights of con-science, they universally regarded these laws as extraneous to their own organiza-tion, foreign statutes, imposed upon them from without; and, being solicitous to render unto God the things which are God's 'they steadily abstained from any participation in the affairs of government, and quietly assumed the right to judge for themselves whether any law, regula-tion, or custom, prescribed by the sov-ereign power, or other human authority, was or was not such as they might conscientiously obey. . . , But this fearless assertion of the rights of con-science necessarily involved the right to sit in judgment upon all human laws and the powers that ordained them, and to determine for themselves whether the law was lawful. That helpless spirit of blind obedience to the decrees of despotic governments which characterized the pagan peoples was, therefore, impossible to the Christians. . . . The logical tendency of Christianity was, therefore, to originate the idea of personal liberty for all men, unknown to the world be-fore; to repudiate the heathen doctrine of the divine character and right of kings; to sit in judgment upon their laws, and to intelligently obey, or refuse to obey, them; in a word, to cultivate and exer-cise, as a matter of religious faith, that spirit of personal independence, both of action and of thought, which we in later times denominate democracy, the con-crete form of which was the election of deacons, presbyters, and bishops by the people unto whom they ministered." The Christian's duty is plain, namely, to preserve " a conscience void of offense toward God, and toward men ; " but this can be done only by rendering " unto Omar the things which are Cmsar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." The Christian must be in subjection to civil rulers in their appropriate sphere, for con-science' sake; but when civil government transcends its jurisdiction, and C.Tsar de-mands that the things that belong to God shall be rendered unto the State, the Christian has no option but to disobey and suffer the consequences; to do other-wise would be treason to his divine King, even Jesus Christ, who though he "did no sin, neither was guile found in his mouth," suffered as a malefactor because Caesar exceeded his authority. B. Persecution Becoming Unpopular in Tennessee. rThe following private letter which we are per-mitted to publish, written to a friend by an Ad-ventist minister in Tennessee, will be of interest to our readers.] Nashville, Tenn., June 6, 1893. MY DEAR BROTHER: I was at Paris several days before the trials of our brethren came off, and while listening to discussions of principles involved by dif- ferent parties and classes of men, had an opportunity to learn considerable concern-ing public sentiment. There has been a radical change during the past year concerning this kind of work. Nobody, or but few, seem to de-sire the continuance of the persecution which so many have heretofore considered a necessity. Hardly an expression was to be heard, either from the witnesses summoned by the prosecution, by gentle-men about the court-house, or on the trains, in favor of depriving Adventists of a portion of their God-given time for  labor, because somebody else desired to worship on that day. This change in public sentiment is doubtless due, at least in part, to the fact that ethe subject of religious liberty is being more studied and better understood than formerly. Good men have often been led to perse-cute those who differed from them in religious belief. When such men saw and accepted the true principles of reli-gious liberty, they themselves became the willing subjects of persecution at the hands of those who chose to remain in darkness. The Apostle Paul is a noted case of this class; and to many who may be led to engage in the persecutions of the last days, he may say, "And such were some of you ; but ye are washed, but ye are sanctified, but ye are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus, and by the Spirit of our God." There were but two eases of indict-ments; Brethren Thomas Dortch, who was held over from last term of court, and Frank Stem. Not much more than half an hour was occupied in both these cases; and for lack of evidence that either had maintained a " public nuisance " the judge, with the consent of the jury, dis-charged each. It seemed as if the presence of the Spirit of God was especially manifest in that court room during the trial of these brethren. An unseen power pervaded the atmosphere and controlled minds. The Lord has permitted some of the persecutions of the past few years to go further than this; and in this way he has showed to such men as the governors, senators, representatives, judges, attor-neys and others, of the "great State of Tennessee,"   the true nature of the power by which this work is being carried for-ward. Thanks be to God for the change which this knowledge has produced ! And the good people of this State may well join in thanking him for the powerful influ-ence for good which has been exerted by the AMERICAN SENTINEL, through which some of this has been accomplished. Your brother in Christ, C. L. BOYD. Not a Physical Question. IT is a little singular how anybody can determine that it is necessary to the well-being of man and beast that one day in seven should be "kept." Log-ically, if the farmer who works- but six or eight hours a day in the winter should keep one day in seven, in the summer when he works twelve to sixteen hours a day ought to keep two days in seven. Such illustrations might be multiplied, all tending to show the absurdity of this rest-day business from a hygienic standpoint. All will agree that in the case of any individual there is a limit beyond which labor would be injurious, but that limit can never be fixed to a certainty even by the individual himself, and must vary in-finitely with times and seasons, character of work, changing physical conditions, etc., all of which go to show that the question of rest as well as that of work should be left to each individual to deter-mine for himself. Most people are not apt to work too much, and but for the religious question involved, no one would ever have thought of any prescribed rest day or compulsory rest at all,ŠSilver Creek Times. 