"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT:' Jesus Christ. VOLUME 15. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 8, 1900. NUMBER 7.frŁ' Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. iser Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay fork. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) NOTHING that is spiritual in its nature can be pre-served by a carnal ordinance or commandment. .4 .4 WHEN men lose sight of principles in a controversy, it is lowered to the level of personal strife; but the con-test for liberty and justice can never be settled by such means. .4 .4 GOD offers the Sabbath rest to all; and the person who will not take the Sabbath when it is offered to him by the Lord, will not really take it when it is accorded him by the "Christian public." If he will not accept it from the law of God, he cannot accept it from the law of man. The acceptance or refusal of the Sabbath, by any individual, must be to God and not to man. ot IF the Sabbath could be lost through failure of the law to enforce its observance, or by the general disre-gard of the people, would not the seventh-day Sabbath have been 1pst long ago? Yet it has not been lost; and the fact that it has survived without the support of either law or popular-custom, is evidence that the Sab-bath is not so perishable in its nature as some men loudly assert. ..ts IF the first-day Sabbath ,is as good as the seventh-day Sabbath, it, like the latter, will survive without the aid of Sabbath laws and in spite of the disregard of world-loving people. And if it is not as good as the  seventh-day institution, then plainly the latter ought to be adopted in its stead. ot ONE man has the same right to "protection" in the observance of the Sabbath that another man has; the observer of the seventh day has a right to the same pro-tection that is accorded the observer of the first day. And the first-day observer has no right to more "pro-tection" in the observance of the Sabbath than can be justly claimed by the seventh-day observer. THE Christian Church is in the world not to save institutions, but to save men. Christian institutions do not need saving; and if the church will devote her energies to the salvation of sinful men and women, the institutions will take care of themselves. Christian in-stitutions do not benefit unsaved people; for only those who are Christians can appreciate them and make that use of them which their Author designed. Those Consecrated Fallacies. IN the North American Review of December, 1899, there was published an article, entitled, "Some Conse-crated Fallacies." It is exceedingly interesting to note what are these particular "Consecrated Fallacies." However, in order to a clear understanding of the subject, it will be well to set down first, just what is a fallacy. The Century Dictionary defines it thus:Š "FALLACY: Deceptiveness; deception; deceit; deceit-fulness; that which is erroneous, false, or deceptive; that which misleads; mistake." What then are these "deceptive," "deceitful," "erroneous," "false," "misleading," and "mistaken" things that have been "consecrated;" and that so need to be exploded as to demand the publication 'Of an 