THE AMPRICAN SENTINEL. 251 man. For I neither received it of man; neither was I taught it, but by the revela- tion of Jesus Christ." Not alone the reve- lation which Christ gives; it is that and more. It is the revelation of Jesus Christ himself, as he was revealed in Paul, and Ł as he is revealed in men, the hope of glory. And this is how Paul received the gospel Šby the revelation of Jesus Christ, not only to him, but in him. This is enough to show that the gospel is the mystery of God ; that the preaching of the gospel is the preaching of the mys- tery of God; and that the preaching of the mystery of God is the preaching of Christ in men. This is the revelation of the mystery of God. This is the gospel that the apostles preached, and this is the only true gospel. Here is another point. I have read in these verses not only that the gospel is Christ in men, and the power of God, and the mystery of God, but that it had been hid from ages and generations, and was then revealed in a way in which it had never been known before. Now, the gos-pel was made known to men from Adam down, and they had a measure of the knowledge of the gospel..Ł But when Christ himself came, and revealed God in himself, to the children of menŠit was never revealed and understood before as it was revealed and understood at that time. Then it came in a fullness that was never known before. And when the apostles were sent forth to preach it as it then was revealed, they preached it in a fullness and a clearness in which it was never preached before. So Paul wrote again in Eph. 3: 8, 9: " Unto me, who am less than the least of all saints, is this grace given, that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearch-able riches of Christ; and to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery, which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God." Their from the beginning of the world unto the apostles' day, this mystery had been hid from the world and from men in a meas-ure, and it was then revealed and preached, not only to these men, but in them and. by them. Read these verses , overŠEph. 3: 3, 5, 8, 9; Col. 1 : 25-27Šwith this point in mind. Then the apostles were sent to preach this gospel, to preach this mystery that had been hid from ages and generations. It was hid before; now it' is made known to all men, for the obedience of faith. God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory." That is the mystery that has been hid from ages and generations, and which God would now make known unto the Gentiles and to all men. Read Matt. 13 : 16, 17: " But blessed are your eyes, for they see: and your ears, for they hear. For verily I say unto you, That many prophets and righteous men have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear, and have not heard'them." Then by the ministry of the apostles there was made known that which had been hid from ages and from generations, and that thing was the mystery of God. And by the preaching of the gospel, says the word, he would now make known to his saints what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles. And that mystery " is Christ in you, the hope of glory." Though it had been hid from  ages and generations in the past, now the Lord breaks off the veil, brings it forth, and by the mouth of the apostles, in the preaching of the gospel, spreads it before all nations for the obedience of faith (Read Rom. 16: 26, 27). This is the gos-pel; and the preaching of this is the preaching of the gospel. (Continued next week.) P.  Seventh-day Adventists in the Chain-. Gang. As the readers of THE SENTINEL are aware, the imprisoned Adventists have all been at liberty for more than two weeks. Their imprisonment was cut short by the efforts of their enemies to make their punishment heavier. Their lot was made much harder for the time being, but the term of their imprisonment was short-ened materially. Their prosecution was instigated by members of other churches who thought in that way to weaken the influence of the Adventist church in this community. It had, however, the opposite effect, and this filled their pious (?) persecutors with wrath and they determined to make the Adventists sweat for their obstinacy. But the more they do against the Adventists the more they prosper. In the immediate neighborhood there have been several accessions to the church, and people all over the county who before felt no inter-est in the doctrines of the Adventists are now inquiring about their faith. It is thus demonstrated that "nothing can be done against the truth but for the truth." At first when the four Adventists were imprisoned they were not compelled to work. But an ex-magistrate from Spring-ville who has always been an inveterate enemy of Adventism, stirred up inquiry in regard to the matter, and it was dis-covered that prisoners in the county jail could be required to work on the roads. This .had never before been done in this county, but in order to make the lot of the Adventists as hard as possible a chain-gang was at once organized and all the prisoners in the jail were put to work on the highways in charge of an. overseer armed with a revolver. The next day after the prisoners were put on the roads the wife of the deacon of the Springville church went to visit her hus-band. She is a kind, motherly old lady, and had taken to heart a good deal the imprisonment of her husband, but had borne up with commendable fortitude. When, however, she found her aged hus-band in the chain-gang, treated as a' com-mon criminal, and watched by an armed man, she completely broke down. How-ever, no serious results have followed. The wife of another of the persecuted men who bore up wonderfully during her husband's imprisonment, is now very feeble owing to the nervous strain. It is hoped however that rest and quiet will re-store her to health. The families of all the imprisoned men suffered more or less as a direct result of the persecution, but they have not been left to suffer alone, for as far as possible the whole church have shared the persecution with them. The spirit of the Adventists here is un-broken. Quiet Sunday work still con-tinues, and is likely to continue. There is no spirit of defiance or of bravado, but there is scarcely a member of the church here who would not go to jail, or to death for that matter, rather than surrender his  soul-liberty. So far as can be ascertained there were no new indictments found for Sunday work at the last term of court. What the September term will bring forth it is impossible to say. But come what may, it is safe to say that the Spring-ville Adventists will meet it in the spirit of the Master and with the grace that God gives all those who put their trust in him. C. P. B. Springville, Tenn., Aug. 16, 1892. At the Georgia Convention of the People's Party. " SAM SMALL," so says the Atlanta Con-stitution, " was a straggler in the conven-tion hall all day, and was called on to speak." In his talk he said:Š The day has come when the conscientious voice of the people is the voice of God and should be heard from the mountains to the sea. Where does this clerical gentleman get his information that we have reached a time when we can safely rely on the people as being right. The " conscientious voice of the people" stoned the prophets, cruci- fied Christ, roasted the martyrs, and did a multitude of other wicked things. Is it positively settled that they will never do such a thing again ? In the same speech Mr. Small further, said:Š Grover Cleveland invited that leader of nigger-dom, Fred Douglass, to his dinner table. I might excuse him for getting the nigger into his house for supper, but when he invited the low white wife to go there, it is more than I can stomach. Such language is not very becoming to a third or fourth rate politician ; but when a man who poses as a representative of the refined, cultured and sympathetic character of the Lord Jesus Christ, gives expression to such vulgar abuse it is grossly shocking. A. 0. TAIT. Mr. Carnegie and the "Christian Ad-vocate." THE Pittsburg Christian Advocate makes some very peculiar statements which it seems to think have a bearing on the riot and violence and erroneous views of mutual obligation which have been so rife at Homestead. The Advocate says:Š Mr. Carnegie wants the right to sneer at religion and all its obligations and restraints. . . The firm will defy the law of God and of the land in running their works needlessly on the Sabbath; but when a strike occurs they hasten to invoke the protection of the law for themselves and their property. They teach the men to disobey God and man when it is to their interest, but demand that they shall obey both when their interests are on the other side. What is the intent of this paragraph ? Does the Advocate wish to convey the idea that Mr. Carnegie has not the priv-ilege, if he wishes (which by no means appears), to sneer at religion ? If he wishes this privilege he has it, and neither the Ad-vocate nor the municipal nor State nor gen-eral government can refuse him any civil rights because of such a sneer, or of a denial of religion, its obligations and re-straints. Does the Advocate wish to out-law Mr. Carnegie and the Carnegie Steel and Iron Company, because in the opinion of the Advocate they have broken the law of God? Will the Advocate pull the beam from its own eye? During its entire ex-istence the Advocate has disobeyed the law of God, and taught men so, but be-cause of that shall any one claim that the 