790 AMERICAN SENTINEL. constitutionality of the opinion held by the Galveston judge. They will "willingly contribute toward a fund to thoroughly test this case." And yet they admit-that the decision may be right. Still "the [some] barbers don't want to work on Sunday." It does not require much mental strain to acknowledge that these barbers have the undoubted right to refrain from work on Sunday. But why are these Houston barbers so concerned about the judge's decision in the Galveston case? Is it because, forsooth, the health of the Galveston barbers will be impaired if they work too many days? Is it because of a tender regard for their fellow-beings wel-fare? Ah, no. They see in this decision the possibility of some one securing the opportunity of adding more pennies to his coffers. Those who do not wish to reap the benefit of such opportunity demand that all others shall either have the same mind on the subject as is theirs, or be compelled to desist from following the mind of opposite tendencies. In other words, "we are the people, and you must not work when we don't work. You must not make money while we are rest-ing." It brings to mind that which is related of a father and son who seeing the great West in the pos-session of Indians, the, one said to the other: "Let us adopt two resolutions; first, resolved, that all this land belongs to the people; second, resolved, that we are the people." Put the matter as you may, clothe the arguments with all the high-sounding paraphernalia of the lan-guage as you may, the conclusion is irresistible that self and selfishness lies at the bottom of proposed Sun-day laws. New Orleans, La. Salvation by Sunday Laws. IN a sermon delivered by the pastor of a Portland, Me., church, recently, against some people of the city who observe the seventh day, the speaker said:Š "We should co-operate with the Sabbath Protective League of Boston, which has done much. I am only waiting for them to get a hand into Maine for them to stop some things; for example, the electrics which run regularly, the drug stores in full blast, restaurants, etc. On the streets we see men at work on Sunday. We are drifting, drifting. The time is coming when no Sunday man will be sure of his rest. "If the Christian Sabbath goes then the church goes; and when the church goes civilization goes. We better hold on to the Sabbath." And how does this clergyman propose to stop all this? Oh, he will invoke the arm of the civil power; he will have the laws enforced, shutting up the drug stores and restaurants, stopping the electric cars, etc. This will save the Sabbath; and the Sabbath in turn  will save the church, and the church will save civiliza-tion. All then that saves the church, or that saves civili-zation, according to this clergyman's conception, is the law of the State for the observance of Sunday. Is not this the conclusion that must be drawn from his affir-mations? But what sabbath will be saved by the Sunday laws? and what church will be saved by the saving of this sabbath? What sabbath and what church will be saved by this man-made instrument of salvation? Will it not necessarily be a man-made sabbath and a man-made church? Certainly it cannot be the Sabbath of God's eternal law; for if that Sabbath should be lost the fourth commandment would be lost, a great breach would be made in the Decalogue, and Christ would be a false witness for declaring that not a jot or a tittle of the law should ever fail. Nor can it be the Christian Church that would be lost; for that church is declared to be the "body of Christ;" and surely the body of Christ is not joined to the Head by the state laws. The true Sabbath and the Christian Church are es-sential to the highest civilization; but as the former are independent of Sunday laws, so likewise is the latter. Nowhere in history is this contradicted by the testimony of events. The True Place for Religious Reform. New York "Sun." A "NATIONAL Reform Association" held its conven-tion in New York last week. It seems to be a movement of recent organization and its aim, as defined by one of our correspondents, representing it, is "to preserve the Christian features of the institutions of our country," "the Bible in the schools, the sacred rest of the Sabbath and the defense of the family from a wrecking system of loose marriage and easy divorce." Now, as to the Bible, would it not be more appropriŁ ate to undertake a specific reform in the theological seminaries and among the clergy who teach that it is human, fallible, "literature" only? Of course, if that view of the Scriptures is accepted the obligation of keep-ing Sunday as a Sabbath has no divine or supernatural foundation. If the Bible is the faulty and more or less spurious book made up of documents of unknown au-thorship, which Dr. Briggs, of the Episcopal Church, teaches it to be in the Presbyterian Union Theological Seminary, for example, why should it be read in the public schools more than any other book of religious literature? If, as the Rev. Mr. Schermerhorn, another Episcopal clergyman, contends, "portions of the Bible are indecent inhuman and false," unfit to be read in churches, are they suitable for reading to school chil-dren? Moreover, these expressions of opinion come from clergymen who continue in good standing in the 