630 THE SENTINEL, OF IiIDERT'Y against in this matter, we certainly have little cause to complain. I quite agree with a distinguished Catholic author that it would be much better if both Catholics and Protestants would cease accepting money from the state for any purpose. It is a habit not calculated to strengthen the religion that makes-a practice of leaning on the 'state for support."' In concluding his paper Mr. Malone says -that whatever may be the intentions of Bishop MrFaul his efforts can r,esult only in "a Catholic political party," and that the charge of " political unity along religious lines," which these efforts have called forth, has been justified. Catholics and Catholic Principles. This article of dissent is good, and, coming from the source it does, it affords especial pleasure. If Catholics as a general rule spoke such words and took such positions it would only be fair to agree with tht. statement made by Mr. Malone in his arti-cle that Catholics have kept up with the advance-ment of the world and are no more dangerous to free institutions than are other people. Indeed no fair-minded person would contend that a Catholic is any different " under the skin " from any other person, or that the people constituting the great body of the Catholic memb-ership are by nature more inclined to bigotry and intolerance than peo-of other persuasions. But, unfortunate as it 'may be for many liberty-loving Catholics, every fair-minded person knows that the, principles of the Catholic Church are more intolerant and oppressive than are the principles of any other organization, religious or political, in the world. And it follows that those who are constantly engaged in stipport-ing and propagating these principlesŠthe Catholic clergyŠcan not as a.' body be noted for any great fervor or affection for popular liberty. On the con-trary, with very few exceptions, among which it is a pleasure to note that of Mr. Malone, they have been found in abundant instances to be the most dangerous and subtle enemies of civil and religious freedom. The Real Situation. No fair-minded person will oppose Catholics, be-cause they are. Catholics, nor will he hold the pres. ent communicants of that church responsible for deeds of violence and blood in which they had no participation. But the real situation is thisŠthe article of Bishop McFaul, and not that of Mr. Malone, reveals the actual and, consistent Catholic position. A few years since Pope Leo announced to this country that the church "would bring forth much more abundant fruits if, in addition to liberty, she enjoyed the, favor of thte laws and the patronage of the public authority." Now, Bishop McFaul and his 'associates are simply proceding upon the boldly avowed policy of Leo as contained in his ency-clical made public early in 1895. Equality before the, law is not sufficient; they must have "the favor of the laws and the patronage of the public au-thority," in order that abundant fruits may appear. What Bishop McFaul and othefs mean when they say that Catholics do not enjoy their Constitutional rights " in their integrity," is that they are' not al-lowed to have everything that they demand. When they are allowed free access to the public treasury and are in full control of legislation, they will then be enjoying, their Constitutional rights " in their, in-tegrity," And fhis is the fruitful liberty which Leo has so long ardently wished the church might enjoy in this country. It would seem to be in order, and especially so since the appearance of this excellent article of Mr. Malone's, for those Catholics who have not been en-joying their Constitutional rights to begin the ex-ercise at once of this privilege in which they are fully protected and out of which they have been cheated only by their inordinate desire for uncon-stitutional privileges. Be happy, gentlemen, in the session of your liberties; do not allow the enjoy-ment of Constitutional rights by others -to spoil your enjoyment of the same. The Basis of Federation and Political Activity. The plain truth is that the present political ac-tivity of Catholics in America and in France, as shown by Catholic federation for political purposes in this country and the organizied and -systematic efforts for control of elections by the Assumptionist monks of France, while on the surface appearing to be the result of local and particular conditions, has far deeper inspiration. It naturally and inevitably follows from the underlying and unchanging princi-ples of the Catholic system, and is strictly in accord with the avowed policy of the present head of that church toward ,the two countries in question. In 1897, writing in the Revue des Deux Mondes (Paris) on the question, " To what extent can the Roman Catholic church accept the republican principles on 