AMERICAN SENTINEL. 465 "Exactly what it is, Joseph. This compelling men and using force to make them profess a sanctimonious-ness which is not in the heart, is nothing but compelling men to be hypocrites." "I'm thinking there is a good deal of that done to-day under the name of patriotism and Christianity," added Joe, "I'm pretty sure that when a person's truly pious, he won't need a whip at his heels to drive him to his prayers." "Your idea is correct, Joseph. When men are forced to attend church they are apt to feel a great deal as King Louis did, full of rage and bitterness instead of piety." "I wonder how the people of Paris felt when their king was sent back home," said Max Smith. "They were not very much in fear of him, but quite inclined to laugh at him. In fact a number of the people had taught their parrots to scream Peronne!' at the top of their voices when the king passed by. This so en_ raged him that he ordered one of his servants to wring the poor bird's necks. "At our next study we will learn something more of the history of Charles the Bold, because he was the duke of Burgundy; and as this is a part of French history, we shall not feel that we are wandering from the subject." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STUTTLE. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin lr sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisix opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF TEE International Religions Itiberty Association. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.04- 44 Six months, .50 if Three " ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York Notice the advertisement of the Cyclone Washer on page 466. Most of the readers of the SENTINEL are familiar with the name of the machine, as it has been advertised in this paper for a long time. The Cyclone is a good strong machine and will be found a great help in doing the family washing. It will pay to invest in one. ŁŁ TWO REPUBLICS. By ALONZO T. JONES. A COMPARATIVE HISTORY OF THE TWO GREATEST REPUBLICS, Rome AND THE United States The study of years and elaboration of many volumes, are presented in a concise and pleasing manner. In reviewing the history of the Roman Re-public, the rocks upon which she stranded have been clearly pointed out. It contrasts the principles underlying enforced religious observances, with the true principles of RELIGIOUS FREEDOM FOR EVERY TIAN, which are guaranteed by toe Constitution of the United States. The - Two Republics" comprises 896 octavo pages, and is printed from clear, new electrotypes, on fine, tinted paper, beautifully and substantially Mound, and is illustrated with 67 full-page engravings. The work is furnished in the following styles of binding:Š Thin paper edition, plain edges . $1.85 Cloth, marbled edges, - - 2.50 " Gilt edges, 3.00 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City. Mo. "It is the Grandest Book I Ever Dead," "Christ Our Saviour," By MRS. E. G. WHITE. WE have in this book the life of "Christ Our Saviour" from his birth to ascension, given in simple and direct language. It is printed in large, clear type, and is finely illustrated by engravings made especially for it. 6 The simplicity with which this "Old, Old Story" is told, the aptness of the illustrations, and the general appearance of the better bound styles will attract and hold the reader's attention to the very close. It makes an excel-lent birthday or holiday gift to a friend, either young or old. 160 large octavo pages, bound as follows, and will be sent pbstpaid at prices given. Presentation edition, two colors, vellum cloth, embossed in jet, green and gold, beveled edges, gilt top  Fine English cloth, embellished aluminum cover  Cloth back, board covers, in colors  Heavy tag-board covers. Bible Students' Library, No. 141  $1.25 , .75 .50 .35 Also published in board and cloth at 50c and 75c in German, Swedish, Danish, and Spanish languages. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond Street, New York. OAICLAND, CAL- KANSAS CITY, Mo. Of Great Importance to Every American Citizen. Says a lady bwhin has read the book entitled, 