174 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. This is another evidence of that which we have repeatedly stated, that comparatively few of the workingmen are really in favor of Sunday legislation. The fact is, as we have more than once proved, that the demand for Sunday laws origi-nated with a few religious bigots,_ and that by dint of long speeches and smooth arguments a few laboring men were persuaded to indorsethe movement, and then with an immense flourish of trumpets it was at once announced that the de-mand was the spontaneous production of the la-bor unions. "For ways that are dark and for tricks that are vain " the National Reformers are not one whit better than ward politicians. A Little Mixed. IN the remarks of Rev. M. A. Gault, in the Missouri National Reform Convention, on another page of this paper, will be noticed the character-istic mongrel logic of the Reformers. The dis-cussion being on the question whether the State should appeal to the divine law in the enforce-ment of Sabbath observance, Mr. Gault said: "The church appeals to the divine law, and so the State appeals to the divine law." Then, to be sure of being understood in the matter, he added: "Now let me explain here that we do not mean that the State should appeal to the ec-clesiastical law, nor to the divine law." This is in keeping with the consistency of the Blair Edu-cational. Amendment bill, which in the first sec-tion provides that "no State shall ever make or maintain any law respecting an establishment of religion;" and then in the second section makes it the duty of the Government to see that each State maintain public schools for the very pur-pose forbidden in the first section. Mr. Gault continued: "The ecclesiastical law binds the church,' and the civil law binds the State. Civil government has no right to compel people to religiously observe the Sabbath-day." That is wholesome doctrine, if he would only stick to it; but previously, in the same speech, he had said: "Government should say to the people, You must keep the Sabbath and have the Sabbath's rest secured to all classes, not merely because it is good for you, but because God says so; because there is a divine appointment behind this .ques-tion." ' Now the solution to all this muddle of doctrine seems to lie in his treating the ten com-mandments as a civil law, as well as a divine law ; for he says, "The civil lawŠthe ten command-mentsŠbecause they are civilŠthey bind the State." In this, he seems to speak of "things that are not as though they were," in contempla-tion of what shall be when National Reform rule shall have been established in the Government. However, the decalogue seems to be a very convenient code for the Reformers,Šmoral when it best answers their purpose, and civil when any emergency in their cause demands that construc-tion. But that is characteristic of Church and State logic everywhere. Ł A Sign of Weakness. THE above is the heading of a short commu-nication to a journal recently started in Minne-apolis, called Reason. Our readers will agree with us, we think, that the article, which we here-with give, is well worthy of a place in a paper bearing that name:Š " My main objection to the `Blair bills' is that they look in the direction of that union of the  secular and spiritual power which has always proved so disastrous in the past. If these bills become law, the legislation necessary to carry them out and enforce them must inevitably work injustice to a large class of our citizens. The Jew or the atheist who gives his allegiance to our Constitution, who pays his taxes for the sup-port of the Government, has the same right to protection and immunity from coercion that the most orthodox Christian has. The wide diversity of views upon the Sabbath, and the question of religious instruction in schools, is itself sufficient to show that any legislation to secure uniformity must result in hardship to many. For the State to take any action .upon religious grounds, that is, upon the assumption that such action is re-quired by the law of God, establishes the princi-ple that legislative bodies are the proper tribunals to determine what are the laws of God. This is the principle upon which union of Church and State is based. It is the principle that has been at, the bottom of all religious persecution. If,  the State has a right to determine what are the laws of God, it has a right to enforce them, if need be, with the sword. "In the present agitation upon the subject Cov-ered by these Blair bills, I see, not a sign of strength, but of weakness and degeneracy in the Christian church. Just as soon as Christianity begins to. cry out for the aid of the secular power, so soon does it confess that it is beginning to sink. As long as it is strong and vital it needs no such assistance. The great thing for the church to do is to throw away all such amendments as the ones proposed, burn their petition's, abolish their mass-meetings, and fling themselves into a moral and spiritual campaignŠusing the power of truth, of genuine Christian living, and putting into their lives, instead of into the statutes of the Nation, the principles of Jesus Christ. If' all the Chris-tians of this country should for one day show an earliest disposition to live by the golden rule, carrying it out in all their relations to their fel-low-men, it would do more towards converting unbelievers to Christianity than all the laws that have been enacted from the days of Constantine to the days of President Harrison." 0,  0 4.  The Bill Is Despotic. IP the Blair bill and the proposed amendment are righteous measures, we , may well ask why did not Jesus and his co-workers petition the Ro-man Government to establish the kingdom of God by law. The gospel asks for no legislation, and should have no laws to support it. The great commission was to disciple time nations. The "Blair bill" makes the "Lord's day" a religious institution and violates the spirit and the letter of Article I. [See amendments to Constitu-tion of the U. S.] It prohibits persons from en-gaging in any recreation " to the disturbance of others on the first day of the week." The crime would be in disturbing someone. Some over-zealous persons would, for the purpose of prosecu-tion; seek to be disturbed. The bill is despotic, and a long step backward toward the Dark Ages. We have no scriptural command to observe the first day of the week as a day of rest and worship. The authority is custom and common consent. There is a respectable body of Christians in this country which holds to the seventh day, and free-dom of conscience would be placed under the ban of law by the bill. Shall the State compel sev-enth-day worshipers to giVe up their creed ? Is  the United States Senate an infallible pope to issue bulls and promulgate decrees? The first section of the proposed amendment is misleading and false, as it relates to the second Section. The first prohibits an establishment of religion, and the second is that " the principles of the Christian religion" shall be taught in the public schools. . . . Who shall determine what are the princi-ples of the Christian religion ? The answer is an easy one. The dominant religious denomina-tion of any State can interpret these princi-ples in accordance with its creed. Thus would churches be tempted to degenerate into political parties.Š W. R. Pechin, in Beason. 0  Sunday Paper in London. THE appearance of the London edition of the New York Herald, one issue of which is pub-lished on Sunday morning, calls forth a letter from a correspondent of the London Times vigor-ously protesting against the innovation, and ap-pealing-to the leaders of English journalism to resolutely set their faces against it. The cause assigned for this protest is that all those connected with papers which issue an edition on Sunday will be compelled to work on that day, and thus be deprived of observing it as a day of rest. Evidently the Times correspondent doesn't know anything about the work of a daily news-paper office, for such work is done during the day and night before the date of issue. The work of the Sunday morning paper is always done on Saturday and Saturday night, and the em-ployes have an opportunity to rest on Sunday. On the other hand, those who work on a Monday morning paper must necessarily work on Sunday. The London papers all issue a Monday morning edition, the work for which is all done on Sunday. So the innocent correspondent of the Times need not hope that the "leaders of English journalism will resolutely set their faces " against a Sunday morning paper. He had better begin his mis-sionary work to prevent the desecration of Sun-day with the English journals.ŠSan Diego Un-ion and Daily Bee, May 15, 1889. That Religious Sabbath. IT is officially announced that "Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, field secretary of the American Sab-bath Union, is planning to visit every State and Territory (except some of those recently visited) before the end of the year, to promote the observ-ance of both the religions and the civil Sabbath, by sermons; lectures, and especially by organizing State and county and city Sabbath associations, or preparing the way for such organizations." This should put an end to the oft-repeated dec-laration of the Reformers that all they want is a civil Sabbath. ' Here is the open official an-nouncement that the field secretary will visit all parts of the country to "promote the observance" of the religious Sabbath also. It also appears that they have not given up the idea ofpromoting their ideal Sabbath. When the Sunday-Rest bill was first introduced, it was a bill to "promote" the observance of the first day of the week as a day of religious worship; but the promoters had that word changed to " protect," for the purpose of blinding those who might think that to pro-mote would imply aggressive action. The official announcement proves what we said at the time, that the intent of the measure, and its effect if passed, would not be mitigated in the least by that verbal change. 