AMERICAN SENTINEL. 199 and wounded, while 25,000 would not be an extreme estimate." This is a larger number than have been killed and wounded on both sides thus far in the South African war, with its months of hard and almost steady fight: ing and several "pitched battles." Evidently the fight-ing in the Philippines has been real war. Religion in the Public Schools. SPEAKING of the recent effort of the rector of a Roman Catholic church in this city to bring the city government and the churches into partnership for the control of public school teaching, The Outlook dives the following summary of arguments for and a2ainst relig-ions instruction in the public schools:Š Nor shall we attempt here to answer these arguments seriatim. We shall instead simply state, with almost equal brevity, the cogent reasons which we believe have wrought in the American people anunalterable determi-nation to maintain the state or non-ecclesiastical system without compromise and without partnership. Ł "I. If nothing succeeds like success, nothing fails like failure; and the ecclesiastical system has been a lamentable failure. The Roman church has had for cen- turies the control of education in Spain, Italy, and France, and the result is not only a lamentable amount of illiteracy, but also, what is worse, a lamentable lack of independence and intelligence in the common people. The Protestant church has had control of popular education in England for centuries, and it can hardly be doubted that greater progress in popular education has been made.in the half-century of the board schools, established and maintained by the state, than in all the previous centuries of the ecclesiastical dominion and the parochial schools. On the other hand, the state both supports and administers the systems of education in Germany and in America, and these are the two countries in which popular education has been developed with the greatest success; these are the countries in which there is the widest diffusion of intelligence as well as of learn-ing among the people. An ounce of practise is worth a pound of theory, and no wise community will abandon because of theoretical arguments a plan which is working well for one which has never worked at all. "II. The reason for this difference it is not difficult to discover. The ecclesiastical system rests on authority as its foundation, and seeks obedience as its end; the non-ecclesiastical system rests on reason as its founda-tion and seeks independence as its end. That there are some teachers in public schools who do not understand the free spirit of public education, and some teachers in parochial schools who are neither subservient to ecclesi-astical authority themselves nor endeavor to make their pupils so, is doubtless true; but both are exceptions. The tendency of the parochial school is to discourage questioning, of the public school to encourage it. The one teaches its children to accept without doubt what they are told; the other teaches them to inquire for themselves what is truth, and to seek for it in all quar-ters. The common ecclesiastical criticism on our public schools illustrates and emphasizes this distinction: that criticism is that the public school tends to infidelity. It doubtless does tend to skepticism in all realms; and skepticism is the first condition of intellectual activity. If we want a people who will follow its leaders, we want the ecclesiastical system; if we want a people who will think for themselves, we want the non-eccleastical sys-tem. "And these two systems, thus radically differing in their foundation and the end they seek, cannot be united in any kind of a partnership. It is not enough for the state to pay the money, fix the standards, determine the curriculum; it must select the teachers, and inspire the entire system: else that system will become in its spirit ecclesiastical, not independent; will cultivate in its pupils allegiance to authority, not the habit of thinking for themselves. That there are dangers in both directions may be conceded. Independent thinking is often crude, egotistical, erroneous thinking. But this better than not thinking at all, as any form of life has "In our judgment, the issue betweenthe ecclesiastical and the non-ecclesiastical systein of education is not one which can be compromised. One or the other must be adopted and consistently maintained. By the ecclesias-tical system we mean one in which the education is con-ducted by and under the control of a church; by the non-ecclesiastical, we mean one which is conducted by and under the control of the state. One system makes popular education an ecclesiastical function, the other makes it a political function. No middle ground is possible; nor is any such partnership as that suggested by Dr. McSweeney, by which the state furnishes the money, establishes the standard, and prescribes the curriculum, while the church selects the teachers and administers the school, either practical or desirable. "We believe that we understood the arguments in favor of treating popular education as an ecclesiastical function. We here summarize the arguments in a few sentences. They are, in brief, that it is the function of government to govern, and educating is not governing; that democracy especially should remit to private enter-prise all matters that can be so remitted, and education is such a matter; that America has definitely decided that religion is not a matter for the state, that educa-tion is inseparably connected with religion, and that the same arguments which forbid a state system of religion forbid a state system of education; that if education is Left to the state it cannot be kept from politics, and politics corrupts wherever it enters; that true education includes the development of the moral and spiritual as well as of the intellectual nature, and that to omit the former from the schools is to make them godless, irre-ligious, and so eventually immoral, while to attempt to introduce religion into schools supported and carried on by the state is impossible in a country with such radical differences of opinion in religions matters as exist in America. These arguments must be conceded to be not without weight; they deserve serious consider-ation; it is not strange that a considerable, though we believe lessening party in the United States are influenced by them to favor a parochial system, either in lieu of or in combination with a state system; and he who would give this question a fair and rational consideration must recognize both the honesty and the intelligence of those who take the ecclesiastical side of the question. 