768 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 7, 1899. IT is a very suggestive article which we print this week from the Springfield Republican, in which the church, the state, and "destiny" are linked together in a great "missionŁ ary" enterprise. See p. 755. It is worthy of note that a spokesman of the church "speaks out" and ad-vocates in a leading church paper "what responsible statesmen scarce-ly dare as yet to hint at." MR. W. T. STEAD, the English jour-nalist, has written and circulated a pamphlet entitled, "Shall I Slay My Brother Boer?" and according to report, "is shocked" at the answers received from the English clergy. "One godly parson replies, 'Yes; and be quick about it."' But what else could a really "patriotic" clergy-man say? THE Filipino "rebellion" appears to have been at last fully overcome by vigorous efforts that have of late been made by the American forces in Luzon, and this is pointed to by cer-tain papers as a fact which throws ridicule upon the idea that the con-quest of the island is not just and right. Such writers plainly show their adherence to the principle that "might makes right;" and the es-tablishment of this principle in a nation marks the beginning of that nation's end. "WrrnouT a civil Sabbath, a reli-gious Sabbath is impossible," says the Ram's Horn. Then the "civil Sabbath" must have something to do with religion, and the object of preserving the one must be to save the other. But the Sabbath commandment says nothing about a "civil" Sab- bath, and the Author of that com-mandment and of the Sabbath says that a religious Sabbath, for any person, depends only upon whether he will turn his own foot away from the Sabbath and will cease doing his own pleasure on "My holy day." Isa. 58:13, 14. And is not that the truth? THE pastor of the Second Baptist Church of Rochester, N. Y., does not believe that games ought to be al-lowed which might draw people away from church services, even on other days than Sunday. There was to be in his church, on Thanksgiving day, a union service of the Baptist churches of the city; and on the other hand, the university located there had arranged with another college for a Thanksgiving-day game of football. There was a clash of religious and secular enterprises, and the aggrieved pastor said to his congregation:Š "I am very sorry that our Univer-sity of Rochester has advertised for next Thursday forenoon, as a kind of religious service, a football game with another college. I must say positively that I sincerely deplore such a course of action as that. I must also express a hope that not one of you here present will attend the game. If it were to be held in the afternoon, it might not be quite so bad, but the idea of running football contests in rivalry with religious services on that day should be dis-couraged by the community, gener-ally." This indicates progress; but in what direction? .11 THE Christian Statesman says, "There can be no Sabbath, for ex-ample, with true rest and refresh-ment for man's whole nature, body, mind, and spirit, without the acŁ knowledgment of the moral obliga-tion of the Sabbath, as such, and the authority of the Sabbath's Lord." In this the Statesman speaks for all those represented in the movement to secure legislation en-forcing Sunday rest, of which it has  been from the first the leading expo-nent. It is perfectly plain, therefore, that the object this movement has in view is a religious one, that the legislation sought is intended to en-force religion. Of what use would that legislation be otherwise, ac-cording to the facts here admitted. The Sunday law is called for to en-force "Sabbath rest;" but "There can be no Sabbath . . . with true rest and refreshment for man's whole nature, body, mind, and spirit, with-out the acknowledgment of the moral obligation of the Sabbath, as such, and the authority of the Sab-bath's Lord." Of what use, then, will the Sunday law be unless it in some way promotes the "acknowl-edgment of the moral obligation" of Sunday, and "the authority of the Sabbath's Lord?" The organizations for whom the Statesman speaks in calling for Sun-day laws, aim to secure- this "true rest" for man's "whole nature" on Sunday, for all the people. That is the only kind of Sunday rest they have in view,Šthe only kind they think is worth anything; for they are composed, in the main, of deeply-religious people. Why are they working to secure Sunday lawS, if such laws are not designed to secure this rest? The Sabbath rest is a religious rest; that is true. The Sabbath is a religious institution, established by the Creator to serve a religious pur-pose. The Statesman party recog-nize this truth, though they adhere to the wrong day. And in calling for Sunday legislation, they confess a purpose to enforce religious rest. PROTECTING a divine institution by means of a human law, is much like protecting a granite mountain by surrounding it with a wooden fence. ERRATUM.ŠThe last word of the second first-page item in last week's issue, should have been "injustice," instead of "justice." - 