148 Itt4E AMnIRICAN and have partaken of the spirit of religious liberty, which permeates the very atmos-phere of this free country. Now for the proof. The writer has often heard the statement made publicly, by Rev. Dr. McLean, Chicago Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, that from the office of that Association in Chicago, blank petitions had been sent to more than fifty thousand Christian minis-ters of this country, with the request that they secure signatures, and then forward them to members of Congress, and the Directors of the World's Fair. Those blanks were sent out more than nine months ago, and up to the present time, according to reports, less than three thou-sand of them have been returned. There are several whole denominations of Chris-tians who have not returned a single pe-tition, and those that have been returned are from a very few denominations. What has become of the other forty-seven thou-sand petitions that were sent out ? It does not appear that Mr. Shepard was justified in representing all these Christian people. Some of the ministers of the va-rious denominations have spoken in a manner to leave no doubt as to their ad-herence to the principles of religious lib-erty, as opposed to an act of Congress closing the World's Fair on Sunday, which they believe to be religious legislation. Among the many who have made public declarations are found, Rev. G. W. Bal-lenger, of Chicago, and Rev. Dr. Lorimer, of Tremont Temple, Boston, men who represent a very high grade of the Chris-tian people of this country. ALLEN MOON. Showing Their Colors. THE Secretary of the Sabbath Observ-ance Department of the Woman's Chris-tian Temperance Union, Mrs. J. C. Bate-ham, says, in an article written for the Christian Statesman:Š Evidently unless Congress forbids Sunday open-ing, the Commission will not, and about the for-mer our hopes and prayers now gather. The ac-tion just reported (the postponement of the consid-eration of the question) is on the presumption that friends of the Sabbath will sooner yield the point of Sunday closing than risk the chance of being obliged to forego attendance on the Fair and its religious Congresses; and the question is therefore thrust home upon us, should Congress take no action on this point, what is our proper attitude with reference to the Fair ? Can we as Christian people consistently do otherwise than raise the banner, SUNDAY CLOSING VS. NON-ATTENDANCE ? The Woman's Christian Temperance Union will doubtless take this stand, probably inserting alsoŠ"and no intoxicants." Should the American Sab-bath Union and similar bodies, the Christian Statesman and other leading religious papers also take this stand, without doubt the great religious organizations of the country would add their pon-derous amen, and who can doubt that the deadened ear of the Directory would catch the ominous sound and transmit it to its governing money nerve and the desired edict would go forth ? Noth-ing else will move them. Nothing else, I believe, will satisfy our own consciences. Let us gather and send up a million names pledged to this motto and add all indorsements, and we shall accomplish more for Sabbath observance by our attitude and the heroic self-denial involved than we could other-wise. So the Woman's Christian Temperance Union nails the banner of the systematic, organized boycott to its masthead, and joins the Pittsburg preachers in a conspir-acy to rule the World's Fair, or ruin it. This is Mrs. Bateham's word for it; but they will not do this. They will not com-mit themselves, as an organization to such a course as this. There are many mem-bers of the Union who understand these  questions and realize what a fatal error is being attempted in the gaining of r.eli-gious ends by coercive legislation. More thoughtful and capable women of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union read THE AMERICAN SENTINEL and agree with the principles it teaches, than Mrs. Bateham knows. She underrates too the native intelligence and Christian charity of thousands of her fellow society women, who will intuitively feel that this is not Christian justice. That fine sense of the fitness of things which characterizes the lady, to the manner born and bred, even in the absence of any other appreciation of the situation, will lead many to realize the unfitness and inaptness of such inter-ference as this where they have no shadow of rightful authority. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union will not rally at any such call as this, and will not be led by any banner of the boycott. In contrast with the Sabbath Observ-ance department of the Woman's Chris- tian Temperance Union, and the Pitts-burg preachers who are flaunting the red flag of the boycott and the black flag of " no quarter," and calling for the "forlorn hope" to volunteer, are others whom the Statesman see preparing to run up the white flag of truce and peace. It says :Š And what are we doing to defend our heritage and save our country ? Alas! alas! some of its de-fenders are growing faint-hearted and whispering their fears to their neighbors for their discourage-ment. Some are looking for a way of retreat, some are asking for terms of compromise, while some are even proposing to run up the white flag and surrender the citadel. Shame! shame! And this is the land of the Puritans and the Pilgrim Fathers I Fortunately this is not and has not been for many years the land of the Pil-grim Fathers; while it was it was the abode of religious tyranny and civil in-justice. Their only understanding of re-ligious freedom was the full privilege of asking God to bless them and curse their neighbor, while civil liberty meant to them the unhampered opportunity to make themselves instruments to effectuate the curse. If there is a white flag anywhere in the ranks of the followers of such as these it is a happy forecast of a possible change of heart on the part of some. But what is the ominous portend of the red banner and the black ? W. H. M. Scheming for a Union of Church and State. OUR liberties are founded almost abso-lutely on the principle of disunion of Church and State, and ever since that dis-union churches have been scheming and contriving for a reunion. The plan to close the World's Fair on Sunday is a step in that direction. It is only a small step, but if accomplished will stand as a prece-dent and a pretext for another step, and that for another, and .on and on. Those who have any religious or other reasons for not attending the Fair on Sundays are at liberty to stay away. No law has a right to force them to go. On the other hand those who find it more convenient to visit it on that day should have a perfect right to do so. No one has a moral, nor should he have.a legal right, to close thp doors against them. Those who wish to religiously observe Sunday are at liberty to do so. Those who do not wish to ought to have the same liberty not to do so. It is a very poor lib-erty that does not work both ways. The  kind that says : " You shall have perfect liberty to do just as I do, or to do what say is best and right for you to do," is not liberty, but the narrowest and most fanat-ical kind of tyranny. The churches have succeeded in secur-ing the enactment of Sunday laws on physical grounds. That was one step in the direction of a union of Church and State. Now they are planning to get the other foot forward onto forbidden ground by having the World's Fair closed on Sundays, not for physical, but religious reasons. If they succeed, the next thing on the programme will be another step, and at each step liberty is weakened and the perpetuity of free institutions imper-iled. It is these incipient steps that must be prevented.ŠIdaho World. They Should Have Understood Each Other Beforehand. QUITE a strong effort has been made re-cently in Santa Rosa, Cal., to create senti-ment in favor of closing the World's Fair on Sunday. The plan was to make a great demonstration, that would produce over-powering convictions in the community generally, and especially in the minds of a member of Congress and also of a World's Fair Commissioner, who reside in that city. Announcements were made in the papers that a minister of one of the churches would preach on the subject on Sunday. This he did; and at the close of the meeting he invited everybody to at-tend a general mass meeting on the fol-lowing Tuesday to organize the effort. He made great promises of the demonstration that would be seen by the vast number of people that would be there, and said that they wanted to make such an impression as would show the strong sentiment of the country in favor of Sunday closing. At the great mass meeting on the fol-lowing Tuesday, about fifty persons were present. The chairman announced that their main speakers were absent, but called upon a brother minister to make a few re-marks. In his talk he said that Sunday is the Sabbath, and that it is the original seventh day, and undertook to prove it conclusively. The hearers present seemed to be very much delighted with his argu-ments. Just as he was concluding his remarks, and was about to take his seat, another minister came in, and was urged to come forward, and say something upon the Sun-day closing question. He said he was not on the programme, and was not feeling at all well, but that he wanted to make use of every opportunity to speak in a good cause. The substance of his remarks was that there is no Sabbath in the Christian dispensation, and that there never was but one, and that was the seventh day, or Saturday, and that is the only day that can be called the Sabbath. " We simply keep the first day of the week in commem-oration of the resurrection, and it is im-proper to call it the Sabbath day." What a pity that these men could not have had an understanding, and not thus have devoured each other and their cause, by their own contradictory arguments; and they certainly should not feel hurt if persons looking on should not become all taken up with a subject, the advocates of which, cannot agree among themselves, and each, in presenting his arguments, overthrows the arguments of others who are interested in the same cause. The writer has heard speakers on this Sunday 