CRUDEN'S CONCORDANCE A DICTIONARY, And Alphabetical Index TO THE BIBLE. Cloth Binding, - With " Sentinel,"Ł ADDRESS PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. wEATSJRADE MARKs *COPYRIGHTS. CAN I OBTAIN A PATENT? For a prompt answer and an honest opinion, write to MUNN ifc CO., who have had nearly fifty years' experience in the patent business. Communica.. tions strictly confidential. A Handbook of In.. formation concerning Patents and bow to ob-tain them sent free. Also a catalogue of mechan-ical and scientific books sent free. Patents taken through Munn & Co. receive special notice in the Scientific American, and thus are brought widely before the public with-out cost to the inventor. This splendid paper, issued weekly, elegantly illustrated, has by far the largest circulation of any scientific work in the world. S3 a year. Sample Copies sent free. Building Edition, monthly, $2.50 a year. Single copies, 25 cents. Every number contains beau-tiful plates, in colors, and photographs of new houses, with plans, enabling builders to show the latest designs and secure contracts. Address =EN & CO., NEW YORK, 361 BROADWAY. JANUARY 31, 1896. 111,111ICAN 39 shows the connection between the worldly and the heavenly sanctuary, and the serv-ice in each, proceeding from type to anti-type, from the shadow to the substance. This little work gives a brief yet complete consideration of the entire subject. It is treated in a simple yet thorough manner, and so clearly and forcibly brought out that those not of our faith, and unfamiliar with the subject, can read and understand. The sanctuary question is one of the most important in the Bible, and a clear and correct idea of the work of Christ as Advocate, the blotting out of sins, the judgment, and kindred topics, is most im-portant. It is a subject, too, which will not arouse prejudice, and yet when under-stood, forms, in a measure a key to the chain of truths which we hold. The importance of the subject ought to be a sufficient inducement to encourage all in giving this pamphlet a very wide cir-culation. Price, 10 cents. Now ready. Sabbath-school Lessons on the Sanctuary of the Bible.ŠBible Students' Library No. 129. A' topical study of this important subject, covering the first quarter of 1895. Price, 5 cents. Now ready. Address, Pacific Press Publishing Co., Oakland, Cal. ; Kansas City, Mo. ; 43 Bond St., New York City. Significant Paragraphs. [We publish under this heading paragraphs more or leas significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the pertinent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.] Why Is It? You take the secular newspapers of our country, and nine out of every ten de-nounce this religious persecution, or com-mitting Seventh-day Adventists to jail for working on Sunday; but not so with the religious papers; they are almost a unit in defending these persecutors. Why is it so ? Have professed Christians lost the love of the Master ? Is it not because they have no Scripture to sustain their institutions, and they must be sustained if they have to appeal to the civil law. Are they'the willing instruments of Satan to make war on the remnant of the Church ? Rev. 12 : 18.Š The Standard, Toronto, S. D., Dec. 27, 1894. Afraid of the Kingdom of Christ. A YOUNG ARMENIAN IN DISGRACE THROUGH A SCRIP-TURAL PASSAGE. WASHINGTON, Dec. 20.ŠThe Rev. Z. T. Sweeney, of Columbus, Ind., who was Consul-General to the Ottoman Empire during President Harrison's administra-tion, came here to-day bearing a petition representing 300,000 Christian women and the Christian Women's Board of Mis-sions, praying the Sultan for the release of Sahag Mandissian, an Armenian life exile at Moorzouk, in the Oasis of Fezzan, in the Desert of the Sahara. Mr. Sweeney presented the petition yesterday to the Secretary of State. Seven years ago Mr. Sweeney translated a passage from the Scriptures about the Kingdom of Christ for Sahag. The Turk-ish officials concluded it meant the over- throw of the Ottoman Empire. The young man was convicted of conspiracy and sen-tenced to life exile in Africa.ŠMorning Advertiser, Dec. 20, 1894. In Favor of Exempting Seventh-Day Observers. 4' H. L. WAYLAND presented (in the Phil-adelphia Ministers' Union) the follow- ing :Š Resolved, That we request the Pennsylvania legis-lature to enact such a law as shall prevent the viola-tion of religious liberty in the person of citizens who, having conscientiously observed Saturday as a day of rest and worship, engage on the first day of the week in quiet labor not interfering with the worship of their fellow-citizens. The resolution was adopted, after a dis-cussion, in which the mover, Drs. Walker, Chase, Spratt, Rev. Messrs. McDanel, Minney and Vedder took part.ŠExam- iner (Baptist), Jan. 24, 1895. The Pope as Arbitrator. CAIRO, Jan. 14, 1895.ŠThe native jour-nal Al Mokattam, publishes the following : " The sultan recently asked the pope to arbitrate the Armenian question, and his holiness sent to Constantinople a delegate, who proposed that the powers intervene, and intimated it would be necessary to get practical guarantees that the desired governmental reforms be carried out. The pope purposes to make representations to Europe that the troubles in Armenia arose not from religious animosity but from bad government."ŠNew York Herald, Jan. 16, 1895. Fined the Pastor $50. OYSTER BAY, January 16.ŠThe Rev. Charles S. Wightman, pastor of the Bap-tist Church, was fined $50 this afternoon for holding a prayer-meeting at his church last Friday and evening services last Sun-day in defiance of an order of the Board of Health of this town. He was warned twice by the Board of Health not to hold services in his church while scarlet fever was epidemic in the town. He paid no attention to the notification. When he appeared before the Board of Health this afternoon the charge was read to him. Mr. Wightman replied by de-nying the authority of the Board to dis-cipline him for holding religious services, and said the Constitution of the United States protected him in the right of hold-ing free services. The Rev. J. J. Crowley, pastor of the Roman' Catholic Church, who also held services last Sunday in spite of the order, has been summoned to appear before the Board at Hicksville, on Saturday after-noon, to answer to a similar charge. He pleads ignorance of the order of the Board. ŠN. Y. Sun, Jan. 17, 1895. SIBERIA AND THE NIHILISTS.ŠWhy Kennan went to Siberia. By William Jack-son Armstrong. This is one of the most in-tensely interesting and thoroughly reliable contributions to literature on Russia and the Nihilists ever published. Everybody should read this book, because no one can be intel-ligent upon the subject of which it treats without familiarity with its contents. 160 pages, paper covers, 25 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York City. " Before He Is Twenty," ŠOR " Five Perplexing Phases of the Boy Question," IS A VERY HELPFUL BOOK FOR PARENTS. IT is divided into five chapters, by as many different writers, each treating of a particular phase of .a boy's life. The first chapter, "THE Boy AND MS FATHER," by Robert J. Bur-dett°, is alone worth many times the price of the book to any father of a young boy. The other chapters, " WHEN HE DECIDES," " THE BOY IN THE OFFICE," "HIS EVENINGS AND AMUSEMENTS," and "LOOKING TOWARD A WIFE," are all important and helpful. 104 pages, bound in cloth, embossed in jet and gold, price, - 75 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY, BIBLES A LARGE AND 'VARIED STOCK. Šo§o Send for Catalogue to PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, Oakland, Cal. New York City. 