320 "THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. Vol. 4, No. 40. TI2e An2eFical2 Ser2tir2el. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, OCTOBER 30, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. Ł SOMEONE has sent us a copy of Hoof and Horn, date of September, 12, marked, " Please return." We will do so if the friend who sent it will drop us a card giving his address. OD Ł -- THE Silver Gate, an excellent little paper pub-lished in San Diego, this State, and from which we have several times quoted, is no more, having given place to a seven-column quarto, the San Diego County Reporter. The former publisher has taken in two partners, thus forming the firm of Davis, Vestal & Peebles, editors and proprie-tors of the new paper. They announce that all patrons of the Silver Gate (subscribers and adver-tisers) will be served with the Reporter in future. We wish the new paper success, and hope that it will be as sound on the question of the proper relation of Church and State as was its prede-cessor. POSSIBLY we are too sanguine, but a recent advertisement which appeared in an Eastern re-ligious journal has suggested to us a new solution of the much-vexed Sunday-rest question. Those who are foremost in agitating for a national Sab-bath law claim that what they want is a general Sunday rest. Now as the advertisement to which we refer says that "Sapolio used every week-day gives rest on Sunday," it might not be amiss for the American Sabbath Union, National Reform Association, et al., to do a little missionary work with this wonderful cleansing-compound. It could certainly do no harm to try it, and if the experi-ment should prove successful they would not be under the necessity of again troubling Congress about the matter. IN a recent communication to the Christian Statesman one of the National Reform secretaries says :Š " This country Was settled by Christian men who believed in keeping the first day of the week as the Sabbath. It was by them incorporated in our civil institutions as a part of the common law of the land.. Our Seventh-day brethren came here with this un-derstanding. There was an unwritten agreement be-tween them and this government when they came here that they would abstain from common labor on the first day of the week. It may be a cross for them, but they cannot charge us with oppressing their cor sciences. When they came they agreed to respect our consciences so far as to abstain from com-mon labor on the Lord's day." Then the quakers and Baptists that were whipped and hanged in Massachusetts had no just cause of complaint. The  Puritans came there and established their religion by law, and when the Quaker's and Baptists came among them it was with the tacit understanding that they would obey the laws of the colony ; when any violated the law, and thus the tacit agree-ment, they forfeited all their rights, and were properly punished. Do the National Reformers believe it? If not, why not? Such arguments would justify all the. persecution which the world has ever seen. To see-such things in a paper  calling itself Christian is enough to make one feel that the history of the Dark Ages has been written in vain. REV. J. M. FOSTER; one of the district secre-taries of the National Reform Association, has written,  a letter to the Christian Nation in which he attempts to justify the persecution of Seventh-day Baptists and Seventh-day Adventists under color of the Arkansas Sunday law some three years ago. He says : "The old man and his son of seventeen whose horse was sold for $27, and the man whose young wife and child died while he was in prison, brought that evil on themselves by breaking the law." Certainly they did; and so did the Christians in the days of pagan and papal persecution bring all the trouble on them-selves " by breaking the law." Is it any wonder that infidvls abound when men professing to be ministers of Christ boldly defend such wicked cruelty in the name of religion ? Secretary Foster and men of his ilk lack only the power to make them persecute as cruelly and as wick-edly as did the Spanish Inquisitors. SOME idea of the magnitude of the work done during the past few months in the interests of Sunday legislation may be gathered from the fol-lowing item of news, which we take from the Cynosure:Š " Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, field secretary of the Ameri-can Sabbath Union, has traversed thirty-four States and Territories in his transcontinental tour, lecturing in the chief cities and organizing Sabbath Associations and Sunday Closing Leagues in States, counties, and cities. Three years ago but two States were organ-ized, namely, Maryland and New Jersey. There were also city organizations in Philadelphia, New York and Chicago. When the American Sabbath Union began its work at the opening of this year, there had been added to the list of organized States, Illinois, Iowa, Dakota, and Kentucky. The American Sabbath Union's field secretary has since assisted in organizing Ohio, Virginia, Missouri, Minnesota, Colo-rado, Wyoming, Montana, Washington, California, New Mexico, and Kansas, besides two county and ten city associations. He has also arranged conventions for organization in Louisiana, Arkansas, Wisconsin, Utah, Oregon, and Arizona, besides several counties." The advocates of Sunday laws are terribly in earnest, and those who suppose that they are only a lot of "cranks," with no hopes or prospects of success, certainly have given the matter very little attention. Bigots many of them may be, but they are neither fools nor sluggards, and they mean to succeed. TIIE advocates of Sunday laws are not noted for consistency. Thus Doctor Herrick Johnson, of Chicago, argues as follows, that none should insist upon keeping the seventh day :Š " Now, let us look at the impracticability of the question raised here and see where this matter of conscience rests. It is now half-past ten in Chicago. It is half-past eleven here (Washington, D. C.). If one of the Seventh-day Baptists should start west from Chicago to go around the world, always keeping each successive seventh day, when he got back to Chicago he would be keeping 'Friday instead of Sat-urday as the Sabbath; and another Seventh-day Baptist who went the other way around the world would be keeping Sunday instead of Saturday for the Sabbath when he got back. That is what comes of -making a fetich of the letter." But how is it that this has no effect on Sun- day? Mr. Johnson professes to believe that it is a sin to work on any part of Sunday, but how can that be if it is impossible to keep track of the day? Or does he wish to be understood as holding that, whereas Sunday can be identified the world over, the day immediately preceding it  cannot be ? Such a cavil might to some minds have considerable weight, as against the ob-ligation to keep any day, but to us it seems to be out of the question that any rigid Sunday-keeper can honestly use it. A LETTER from a friend now in Rome informs us that lie has visited all the principal churches on Sunday, and was surprised to find but a few women and the priests and attendants present. He says that when the pope ruled they were crowded. In this connection we take from a Roman paper the words of a priest, giving evi-dence that the Roman machine has but little honor in its home. Father Phelan, of the St. Louis Watchman, writing from Rome, says:Š " Three-fourths of the people of Rome do not go to church on Sunday. . They are on a vacation. Under the popes they were not only obliged to go to church but had to go to holy communion once a year. . . . The old families are true to the core. The little shop-keepers talk of the ' good old days under the popes,' and wonder if they will ever return. Rome had 165,000 people under papal rule ; now she has about 400,000. The majority of the present popula-tion is anti-papal." It is not strange that Mr. Pecci is anxious to emigrate to some land where his corporation is doing business after the old style.Š Western American. Ł ŁŁŁ  A CORRESPONDENT asks US to give the numer-ical strength of the National Reform Association, the American Sabbath Union, and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. This we cannot do with any great accuracy. The so-called Sab-bath Union "was," in the words of Senator Blair, "officially constituted by official action of the General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, the Home Missionary Society of the Baptist Church, the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church (North and South), and the Synod of the Reformed Church, five denomina-tions, whose membership together is 5,977,693. The Woman's Christian Temperance Union num-bered, a year ago, 185,521; but the number of National Reformers we cannot give; they are, however, included almost wholly in the American Sabbath Union. Of course it must be borne in mind that very many of the 5,977,693 persons belonging to the five denominations forming the American Sabbath Union, are under the age of twenty-one years. Another fact to be remembered is that the members of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union are also very largely' members of those five churches. Indeed, the real working strength of the three bodies, namely, the so-called Sabbath Union, the National Reform Association, and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, is very much smaller than it appears to be; but the lead-ers are energetic, and are sparing neither time nor means to secure official recognition of Sunday by the general government. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, 'so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever beUncompromisingly opposed to anything tend in g toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 