TAN. Ko- ment of honest, conscientious citizens for quiet Sunday work; and the end is not yet, for in Henry County, Tennessee, on the last Monday in this month, seventeen Adventists out of a total church member-ship in that neighborhood of less than fifty are to answer before the District Court for their faith, and the prosecuting attorney threatens to prosecute every man, woman, and child of them until they quit their Sunday work. Sunday Laws in the United States.* (Continued.) BuT the fact is clear enough without authority that Sunday laws embody a reli-gious dogma, and that they constrain the citizen on religious grounds alone. There are two sides, again, to this religious char-acter of Sunday lawsŠthe side of the con-strainer and the side of the constrained. So far as the latter is concerned, the real spirit of such legislation has been frankly stated by a North Carolina judge, who says that work on Sunday " offends us not so much because it disturbs us in practicing for ourselves the religious du-ties or enjoying the salutary repose or recreation of that day, as that it is in. it-self a breach of God's law and a violation of the party's own religious duty."t A plainer truth, one more clearly and fully appreciated by Sunday law advocates, while they seek to ignore and even deny it, was never printed. So far, then, as the constrained are concerned, the object of Sunday laws is to compel them to per-form a religious duty, and to punish an offense against religion as such. And as this religious duty is exacted by some re-ligious communions and not by all, the " preference " among religions is estab-lished. In strict accordance with this view are the New Hampshire decisions on the point of what constitutes a " disturbance" of one person by another on Sunday. At first sight it might seem unobjectionable to provide that no work should be done on Sunday "to the disturbance of others," as is done in New Hampshire. But the value of the qualification, if it had any, is destroyed by the judicial construction. The court has taken the North Carolina view that the statute was intended to pre-vent "acts calculated to turn the attention of those present from their appropriate religious duties to matters of mere worldly concern,"t and hence it is settled in that State that business, however quietly con-ducted on Sunday, "disturbs" those en-gaged in it, and that a man is " dis-turbed," though he be willing and even anxious to do business on Sunday, by the doing of it, or by any act, however volun-tary, which tends to distract him from re-ligious observances."§ There is no mitigation, then, of Sunday law rigor in the use of the proviso about disturbance. Nor is the New Hampshire court to be reproached for pandering to the spirit of Puritanism in construing its law, proviso and all, as intended to apply to individual conduct, without any refer-ence whatever to its actual effect on *This article which is written by Jas. T. Ringgold, of the Baltimore Bar, is reprinted from the American. Law Register arnel Review, of Philadelphia, by permission of the publishers. Case, 4 Sec. 400. George v. George, 47 N. H., 27. §See Varney v. French, 19 N. H., 228; Thompson v. Williams, 88 Id., 248. others. How the words " to the disturb-ance of others" came to be inserted in the New Hampshire statute it may not be practicable to ascertain; but there can be no doubt that they would have been promptly stricken out if it had been sug-gested to the framers of that statute that such words might be taken to mean that a man might do as he pleased on Sunday, if he only did it quietly. There is no doubt that the court, as in duty bound, gave effect to the legislative intent in its view of the objects of the Sunday law. There are other considerations which may be noted here in connection with the subject of "disturbance." Even if the New Hampshire court were wrong, and the word was meant to apply to others than the doer of the act in question, there would be no saving efficacy in the phrase. We are at once confronted with the diffi-cultyŠwho is to determine whether or not one man is disturbed on Sunday by the act of another ? If the first man's assertion is to be taken as conclusive on the subject, of course there is no use in having such words in the statute. But when we admit that the question of dis-turbance vel non is one for judicial deter-mination in any given case, we see at once that this qualification involves a fatal confession of the nature and purpose of all Sunday laws. For, without any stat-utes, wherever the common law, or any other logical system jurisprudence pre-vails, that is, among any civilized people, work which " disturbs " others is unlaw-ful at all times. To " disturb," in the eye of the law, is to infringe on some right or privilege which it crew es or recognizes. When, therefore, the law recognizes a privilege as existing on Sunday which ex-ists on no other day, and considers that acts will amount to a " disturbance " of others on Sunday which will not amount to such disturbance on any other day, we must ask ourselves what this special priv-ilege of Sunday is, which is thus honored. It can not be the right "peaceably to as-semble." In every American constitution this right is guaranteed expressly or im-pliedly, and it exists at all times. Nor does it matter what the purpose of assem-bling may be, unless it be tainted with treason. People may assemble at any hour of the clay or night, and talk reli-gion or infidelity, or politics or dress re-form, and if anybody disturbs their as-sembly, the police will lock him up. The right of assembly and the question of what constitutes a disturbance of or an infringement of that right does not in the smallest degree depend on the object of the assembly, as religious or otherwise, nor does it depend in the smallest degree on the time of the assembly, as on Sunday or Monday. The standard of the law, its test of the right and its violation is the same for all assemblies and all periods. What special "right" is it, then, which is disturbed on Sunday by certain acts which disturb no rights on any other day? Let a Pennsylvania court answer for us : "There are other rights intimately asso-ciated with the rights of conscience which are worth preserving. The right to rear a family with a becoming regard for the institutions of Christianity, and without compelling them to witness hourly infrac-tions of one of its fundamental laws" *Šthat is to say, Sunday statutes are passed to compel one man to observe a "funda-mental law " of Christianity for the ben-efit of another man's children. But a *Johnstor's Case, 22 Pa., 102. statute passed for the purpose of enforcing a law, fundamental or otherwise, of any particular religion gives a "preference"  to that religion, unless an equal privilege be accorded to a like law of every other religion. These authorities are adduced not in order to establish the proposition that Sunday laws embody a preference of one religion over another, but merely, as is proper in an article written for a law magazine, to show that this fact has, at least in some cases, been frankly rec-ognized by the courts. It would be equally a fact if all the courts in the country de-nied it. All the decisions of all the courts can not make black white. The decision of a court may settle whether or not a Sunday law is enforceable, but it can have no effect upon the question of the origin, or the inspiring motive of such legislation. So the more numerous decisions (more numerous especially among the later cases) which take what is known as the " secular view " of Sunday laws are of no account whatever as evidence of the correctness of that view, because this is a question not of law at all, but of historic fact. It has been said that the law will prevent the disturbance of a meeting without re-gard to its character as religious or other-wise. Like many other things in law, this disregard results from its refusal to at-tempt impossibilities. The law has no test whereby to determine whether a meeting is religious or not. This being claimed as the character of a Spiritualist camp-meeting in a Sunday-law case, the court left the point to the jury.* The " unseemliness " of controversies over such a point, the impossibility of settling any rule for de-ciding them, the purely religious nature of the dispute are self evident. It is a mere evasion to leave such a question to a jury. An American jury has no authority to decide any question of which American law can take no cognizance. Neither jury nor judge can decide in this country the right and title of any system of belief to be called religious. It is a usurpation for a jury to render a verdict on such a ques-tion. It is quite as much a usurpation for a judge to render and enforce a judgment on such a verdict by a jury of others as it would be for him to do so after sitting as a jury himself. But even were it practicable for American law to discriminate between a religious assembly and any other in the protection afforded against disturbance, no reason whatever exists for attempting such a dis-crimination. The simple fact isŠthough, like many other facts, it is constantly " blinked ' in the discussion of this subject Šthat a religious assembly is disturbed by just precisely the same acts which would disturb any other assembly, and by no other acts whatever. From this point of view all sorts and conditions of men are alike. The orderly and regular conduct of a caucus and a church service, the abil-ity of those present to keep abreast of what is going on, and to influence othersŠthese things require precisely the same police conditions in the one case as in the other. This, again, is not matter of law, but fact. The Seventlk-day Adventists, that remark-able people whose headquarters are at Battle Creek in Michigan, lately protested before Congress through their clear-headed and eloqUent representative, Mr. Alonzo T. Jones, against the attmpt of the Women's Christian Temperance Union to have a Federal Sunday law enacted. Mr. *Feital v. Middlesex R.R., 109 Mass., 898. 