128 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No: 16. J1'12e An2eFiear2 Zer2tiqel, OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, MAY 15,1889, NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THE .friends of the AMERICAN SENTINEL will be pained to learn that the founder and first editor of this journal is dead. This sad intelli-gence was flashed across ocean and continent, announcing, the 17th instant, in the briefest pos-sible form, the sad fact that Elder J. H. Wag-goner was no more of this world. He died inŁhis sixty-ninth year, at Basel, Switzerland, where he was engaged in the production of some works of his own and the editing of others. He also con-tinued to contribute to the SENTINEL. The deceased was a native of Pennsylvania, of Presbyterian parentage. When quite young he was converted and united with the Baptists, where he remained till 1851. He served his apprentice-ship as printer, and was a contributor to the press at an early age. He edited and published for several years a political journal in Wisconsin. Of a broad and sympathetic mind, he could not be otherwise than a true American freeman. He believed not only in civil liberty, but religious liberty. He believed not only in liberty of con-science for himself, but he demanded liberty of conscience for others. He loved peace, but not so well as to obtain it by the sacrifice of liberty. These principles of liberty, of which he had a large share naturally, were no doubt strengthened by his connection for many years in the early tart of his life, with the Baptists, many of whom had been for years champions of the rights of conscience. But these principles were fully con-firmed, broadened, deepened, and purified by the Christianity of the Bible, which he embraced with all his heart. He saw that his neighbors were as much answerable to God alone for the way in which they regarded the divine Being as he was himself, and that they were entitled to the,  same privileges irrespective of race or religion. Therefore, when the National Reform move-ment began in this country, he, seeing in its de-mands the principles of religious persecution and oppression, raised against it his voice and pen. As the movement progressed, he saw the need of some better means of defense, the need of some journal which would enlighten the masses as to the true aim of the National Reformers and kindred organizations, and also stand in the de-fense of the Constitution as it is. The result of his conceptions and efforts was the AMERICAN SENTINEL, which has been conducted on the lines he marked out to the present time. The success of the journal and the influence it has exerted demonstrate the wisdom of the mind which con-ceived it and comprehended the situation which demanded it. Elder Waggoner was the author of various works, prominent among which are : " Christian Baptism," "The Spirit of God," "The Atone-ment in the Light of Nature and Revelation" (a comprehensive and masterful work, showing breadth of grasp and an analytical mind), and "From Eden to Eden," a work lately issued in .French, at Basel, Switzerland. But the work which will probably have the greatest influence,  which is moulding the minds of.thousands to-day, is the AMERICAN SENTINEL, which, under God, is owing to him. "God buries his workmen but carries on his work." The friends of liberty who knew the deceased will mourn, but with submission and ever-growing faith they will carry forward the work begun by the warrior who has just laid down his life in the beginning of the conflict. " So let it be. In God's own might We gird us for the coming fight. And, strong in Him whose cause is ours, In conflict with unholy powers, We grasp the weapons He has given,Š The Light, and Truth, and Love of Heaven." THE California Christian Advocate speaks of "Mr. M. A. Gault, who has been at work for the W. C. T. U. in Missouri." Mr. Gault is actually in the employ of the National Reform Associa-tion; but since that association and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union were married some time ago, according to the Christian Statesman, they are virtually one society, so that he who works for one works for the other. 0 Ł 0. A DEBATE iS to be held in Chicago, June 12, 13, 14, between W. F. Crafts, Field Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, and A. T. Jones, of the AMERICAN SENTINEL. The proposition is the petition that is being circulated for a National Sunday law, with, "Resolved, That this petition ought to prevail." This discussion will doubtless attract much attention, and the readers of the SENTINEL may expect at least a good synopsis of it, and we shall endeavor to procure the discus-sion in full to lay before them: IT is absolutely impossible for National Re-formers and all other advocates of Sunday laws to take two positions that will not be contradic-tory. When they wish to clear themselves from a certain charge, they take a position which the more firmly fixes that charge upon them. Thus, they strenuously deny that they have any idea of uniting Church and State, and say that all that they want to have enforced is a " civil Sab-bath." But the word " civil " refers to the State, and the word "Sabbath" is religious, and is only a religious term ; so that in the expression, " civil Sabbath " the union of Church and State is implied; and the very term which is used to hide their plans only advertises them. They will have to study up some new term and argument in or-der to make it appear that for the State to en-force strict Sunday laws is not to unite Church and State. THE New York Tribune asks the following very pertinent question :Š " Isn't the American Sabbath Union somewhat in-consistent when it demands the stoppage of all Sunday mails, but is willing that the telegraph offices should be kept open on that day? Is a telegraph operator of less value in the sight of the Sabbath Union than a railway employe or a post-office clerk ? " The so-called American Sabbath Union can never be anything else but inconsistent. It is working, professedly, for a " civil Sabbath " which is itself a contradiction of terms, the word "Sab-bath" being purely a religious term. They say, also, that they are working to secure the proper observance of the " Christian Sabbath," yet it is only the " American Sabbath" that they want enforced, implying that none but Americans are Christians. They do not intend to have the  State enforce the observance of the day as holy time, but only in accordance with "the divine law of the fourth commandment." Error cannot possibly be consistent, and so inconsistency will ever mark the course of all who work for State Sunday laws. THE Detroit Commercial Advertiser gives the fol-lowing appreciative notice of " Civil Government and Religion :"Š " This pamphlet, of 176 pages, is an instructive pre-sentation of the arguments for and against Sunday-keeping by the force of legislative enactments. It ex-plains the movement from its first inception years ago to its present form in the Blair Sunday bill, a measure that will be actively pushed in the present Congress when it assembles in regular session next December. It gives information every intelligent American citizen should possess. We heartily com-mend the book to every one of our readers, no matter which side they espouse." THE Christan Union says that " Sunday labor is no more demoralizing than Sunday loafing." We believe, this, and we might add that it is no more wearing physically. Yet the Sunday-law people are determined to prohibit all labor on Sunday, so that thousands of people will be compelled to loaf. They propose to put thousands of people in the way of committing crime; for we believe that no one has yet proved false the old saying that Satan finds mis-chief for idle hands. When a man is forcibly re-strained from legitimate employment, he will do something that is not legitimate. Perhaps our Sunday-law friends think that all the unemployed will go to church if they get a Sunday law. Perhaps they will, but it will only be because an-other law will be made compelling them to. The enactment of a Sunday-law will not convert any-body. Those who go to church now will do so under a Sunday law; those who do not go to church now will not do so with a Sunday law, unless they are compelled. When the Govern-ment starts in on the paternal theory, it will find that it has its hands full keeping its children in the way that becomes Christians. Its police will have to be greatly multiplied, and given the same power that they have in Russia. HISTORY OF THE WALDEN ES. BY J. A. WYLIE, LL.D. ILLUSTRATED BY TWENTY FULL-PAGE ENGRAVINGS. Ł Tins work describes the conflicts waged by the Waldenses and the martyrdoms they endured in defense of their faith and their liberty. Recent events have brought the Waldenses to notice, and thrown a new light upon the grandeur of their struggle and the important issues which have flowed from it. To them are we to trace the Constitutional liberties that Italy now enjoys. In their mountain fastnesses they maintained the faith of the early Christiana, and by their untiring missionary labors this faith was diffused to all the nations of Europe, thus preparing the way for the great Reformation. Contains 212 pp. Price, 90 cents. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 