JULY 19, 1894. AA/11E ECTICA.N SENTILNUJI_A. 229 footing as regards the State, none favored, none suppressed, but all free to be propa-gated and believed or disbelieved by the people as they may see fit. This is the only sure antidote to Church and State union with all its evil results. It is neither tolerance nor a doctrine born of indifference to religion, but one born from a sense of equality and true liberty.ŠBible Echo, Melbourne, Aus. How They Will Talk. IN the formation of a union of Church and State, little by little the Church en-croaches upon the domain of the State, until she finally obtains and usurps full control. The demands are mild at first. A law touching only one point is all that is asked, and this in a very mild form, and perhaps for ostensibly humanitarian reasons. But this one, though small in appearance, is big with results. By it the precedent for religious legislation, is established. This furnishes a foundation for all the like legislation that may follow. By and by another law is wanted, or the first one to be made a little more stringent. This was indicated in the report of the hearing granted by the Premier of New South Wales, February 16, to the deputa-tion from the Council of the Churches which waited upon him, to ask for the enforcement of the law prohibiting ad- missions being charged at Sunday con-certs and amusements. The Rev. Dill Macky said, " By and by they would want the law a little more stringent." Yes; by and by, after a few concessions have been granted them, they will demand that the law shall be made more stringent. seeing that they have gained control of the legislature, they will cease to petition and pray for what they desire; they will threaten and command. This compulsory attitude which these religio-political organizations take on after they have become successful in their plans is well illustrated in a speech recently made by the field secretary of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union. He said :Š All denominations of any note are now united in this movement, Catholic and all, and we have suc-ceeded in getting the cooperation of all labor unions, temperance associations, and other societies, political and ecclesiastical, to unite in one solid move on Con-gress to force them to pass a national Sunday law. We are prepared to make Congress understand that this is a Christian nation. We would be a set of fools to give up the battle now, after gaining the victory over Congress in the World's Fair movement. We must have a Sabbath day as we want it. The States have Sunday laws, but this is not enough. We are going to have a national law, and I think, I am sure, we shall have it before the first session of this Congress is closed. _ Measures are now effected to besiege Con-gress with representative men from every organized body in the land, and they will not dare refuse us. The Church should use the power of Congress to con-trol the sins of the nation, and if she does not do so, blood will be upon her garments,ŠReview and Herald, Jan. 16, 1894. This is plain enough. One victory was gained in the World's Fair movement, and now they propose to force Congress to pass such a law as they want. And under such a mighty combination they expect Congress to bend; "they will not dare refuse us," say they. A union of Church and State is said to exist " where the Church usurps control over the State, as on the Romish theory, or where the State assumes to establish and control the Church, as in England." The union involved in such movements as are now on in the United States and Australia is evidently of the Romish kind.  The victory in the World's Fair matter was not a victory of Congress, but a victory " over Congress." The plan pro-posed is that " the Church should use the power of Congress" to control affairs and do her work. Plainly enough this is Church domination that is intended. It is the papacy over again; a veritable like-ness, or image, of what that was in the days of its supremacy. And as men would shrink from seeing the days of proscription and persecution revived, and the Dark Ages lived over again, so should they shrink from giving countenance or support to this thing. Like causes cannot fail to produce like results. This law is still inexorable. Where are the wise men to foresee the evil and act with dis-cretion ? Who with pen and voice will sound the alarm ? W. A. OOLCORD. Sunday Not the Christian Sabbath. Manley, Iowa, March, 1894. AMERICAN SENTINEL: I was prompted to write this from reading the article of Thomas Hodge in the SENTINEL some weeks ago. He claims that the first day of the week, or Sunday, is the true Christian Sabbath because of the resurrection of Christ on that day. I have always, believed, until recently, that a person or community might observe any day they chose, so it was the seventh day after six consecutive days of labor. But as Sunday, being the universally ob-served day by all Christians, it was more convenient to keep that day than any other. But I am now led to believe other-wise, and from the very arguments ad-vanced to sustain the Sunday theory. I was reading, a few days ago, in " The Life of Christ," by Geikie, page 805, wherein the author says, " A whole week elapsed before the next appearance [of Christ] recorded. On Sunday, known henceforth as the `first day of the week,' in contrast to the Jewish Sabbath, the seventh day, and as, especially, ' the Lord's day,'Šthe eleven, having once more assembled, as they, had *done daily through the week and continued to do, Jesus, honoring his resurrection day, once more stood in the midst of them. But Thomas, not having been present on the Sunday before, had doubted. But now, `on this first Lord's day after the resur-rection, however, his doubts wore forever dispelled.'" Now, thought I, this is conclusive evi-dence that Sunday is the true Christian Sabbath. But just then it occurred to me that it was a wrong construction, and that the facts disproved the theory, even though it was against my inclination to believe it, and that I had better investi-gate further before deciding. Hence I find in Gen. 2:1, 2 : " Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them. And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made, and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made." Now I infer from the foregoing that God was at perfect rest on that day. But it does not prove that his labors were ended, or that he did not resume them on the eighth day, or the first of another se-ries of six days' labor. Now I find a parallel in John 19 : 30, " When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost." Now as God rested on the seventh day after finishing the creation, and so estab-lished the Sabbath, so Christ rested on the same Sabbath, or seventh day, after fin-ishing his labors for the purpose for which he came on the earth. And on the first day of the week he arose to commence his second life and resume his labors incident thereto. Christ was crucified on the sixth day of the week. His life and necessary labors up to that time were finished and he re ,ted on the seventh day or Sabbath. Was it by chance that he was crucified on the sixth day, or by design, that he might rest on the Sabbath, and so the day be-come doubly consecrated thereby ? The people who were Jesus' companions before the crucifixion kept that Sabbath in the usual manner, Luke 23: 25, 26. "And the women also, which came with him from Galilee, followed after and beheld the sepulchre, and how his body was laid. And they returned and prepared spices and ointments ; and rested the Sabbath day, according to the commandment." But the next day, the first day of the week, they resumed their ordinary duties and labors. And that same day as Cleopas and another were going to Em-maus, Jesus walked with them and con-versed with them, and they, then, knew him not, and he sat at meat and did break bread with them. And after that, the same day, he appeared to the eleven at Jerusalem. And after eight days he ap-peared unto them again at Jerusalem. And again he showed himself to the disci-ples at the Sea of Galilee. Now there is no record of anything happening at any of these meetings to justify any one in changing the Sabbath, or to indicate that Jesus especially de-signed to honor his resurrection day more than any other. His other life and labors were closed, finished, at the crucifixion on the sixth day of the week and on the seventh, or Sabbath, he lay in the sepul-chre at rest. But early in the morning on the first day of the week, he arose to take up a new life, as it were, on the earth for a while, and a work that he could not do in the other life, before the crucifixion; the work of impressing upon his disciples the very fact of the resurrection. He could not do that until after the crucifix-ion and the resurrection had taken place. And it took place very early on Sunday, first day of the week, and he immediately commenced the work necessary to accom-plish his purpose. Would it not be more appropriate for Christians to keep the seventh day, or Sabbath, as a holy day because of the fact that Christ kept it in the manner he did ? Or if we must keep Sunday, would it not be more appropriate to keep it as a holiday with feasting and rejoicing, because of Christ having risen from the dead on that day to resume his life and work attending it ? D. P. KISNER. Foolish Protestants. Protestants. THE convent can be made so entranc-ingly lovely to the rich girl, during the period in which influences so easily be-come powerful, that in after years when fortune is in her hand, it is simple work to secure large gifts: Miss Caldwell gives a quarter of a million dollars to start the great Catholic University at Washington. But who is Miss Caldwell ? She is a rela-tive of Congressman Breckinridge of Ken-tucky, and belongs to an old Presbyterian family. When a child, on the death of 