126 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. enlightened countries would cause the men to seek divorces from their wives ? And again, many of these heathen nations that observe no day as the Sabbath, are among the strongest men physically, and live to a good old age. Then why is it that men in France who, like the heathens, ob-serve no Sabbath, should be short-lived, and physically weak, when the heathens, un-der the same conditions with respect to Sabbath rest, are physically strong ? The writer would not be understood, to argue that Sabbath rest is not beneficial. I believe in observing the Sabbath, and have carefully regarded it all through life, and have found it an incalculable blessing. But the fact that it is such a blessing to those who observe it religiously, is no reason why it should be enforced upon those who do not wish to regard it, and the evidence is still wanting to show that the individual who works seven days in the week will not live as long, and be as healthy as the man who only works six days, provided the individual who works all the week does not abuse himself by any form of dissipation, such as is quite common in France, and will take the amount of rest that nature requires every night. Night is the time which God gave men in which to rest, and while wrapped in slumber, the tissues of the body are built up and strengthened for the labors of the following day. But it is a noticeable fact that when a man has a theory to uphold, and especially when that theory is one not well grounded in principle, what he lacks in argument, he endeavors to make up in strong asser-tions which, however, do not bear close scrutiny. A. 0. TAIT. Which the Dying Cause? MR. F. W. WARE, Secretary of the Amer-ican Sabbath Union for the State of Mich-igan, in his paper for February and March, says :Š The Seventh-day Adventist papers are guilty of shamelessly and continuously insulting public in-telligence by saying that those who are laboring to enforce laws enacted for the protection of the Sabbath from ordinary labor and noisy sports are trying to make men religious by law. . . . The Seventh-day Adventists ought to be ashamed of their course in this matter. . . . It is a poor and dying cause that is compelled to resort to such things. One of two things must be true : this religious organization known as the Amer- ican Sabbath Union, in its efforts to secure and enforce Sunday laws is. either trying to make men religious by law, or it is not trying to make them religious at all, for this is its sole work, aim, and object, the enforcement of Sunday observ-ance by law-. If it, a religious organiza-tion, is not trying to make men religious, we would advise it to turn its attention to its legitimate and consistent line of work. There is little question, however, as to what it is trying to do. The modus oper-andi is the questionable feature in the case. It may be observed further that it must be a poor and dying Sabbath that is compelled to resort to law for protection and existence. In a lecture delivered in Battle Creek, Michigan, March 6, 1892, Mr. Ware attested this fact by saying:Š It was recognized about twenty-five or thirty years ago by the church that the American Sab-bath was very fast passing out of our hands. . . . The churches which generally take the lead in moral reforms . . saw as far back as that time that unless something was done more than ordinary, the American Sabbath, our Christian  Sabbath, would soon with us be a thing of the past. The "dying cause" is on the other side of the question from that which Mr. Ware would endeavor to make it appear. W. A. COLCORD. They Mistake It for Christianity. THE Sun has received copies of the Chinese cartoons, ridiculing Europeans and Christian missionaries, which are now circulated in great quantities throughout China. Of these it is said They are distributed freely among the people, as religious tracts are distributed with us, and the money for the purpose is furnished by individuals and associations, animated by a spirit of patriotism as they regard it. . . . The movement is a veri-table Chinese propaganda with the purpose of pre-serving the native religion and customs and pro-tecting them against the invasion of Christianity and all European influences. . . . A totally vicious character is ascribed throughout to the Christians. They are represented as guilty of the grossest immorality and the most horrible and revolting crimes, gouging out eyes and inflicting the most cruel tortures. . . . This atrocious assault upon Christianity is the more remarkable because it is made by the representatives of everything that stands for civilization and high intellectual cultiva-tion in China. It is the work of men of letters, men of a really lofty scholarship, measured by any standard we may apply. That such men, whose ordinary concern in life is with philosophical speculations, high political economy, statesman-ship, should stoop to expedients not only absolutely depraved but of childlike imbecility, is something that does not readily explain itself. On the contrary it does quite readily explain itself. These educated Chinamen know Christianity from the same point of view from which such men as Thomas Paine, Robert Ingersoll and the scores of writers for various infidel, atheistic, and "free thought" journals know it. Much of the published thought of these men of intellect and learning is as grossly repug-nant to the religious sense of the experi-mental Christian, in proportion to the civilization from which it emanates, as the vulgarities of these Chinamen. Not only is this not surprising, but on the contrary it would indeed be surprising if just this use were not made of the terrible facts in the history of professed Christianity. The history of Christianity as it is now written, read, and understood throughout the world, is not the history of the gospel of Jesus Christ, but quite the contrary. The sad-dest, bitterest, most utterly hopeless fact, that the true Christian has to deal with in this world, is, that Christianity, so-called, as, led by the great deception, it has made itself known to men, is in reality the most deadly enemy and dangerous foe of the Christianity of the gospel pure and undefiled. W. H. M. A Greater (?) than Joshua. THE Mail and Express, of April 9, con-tains a sermon by Rev. Da \ id Gregg, of the Lafayette Avenue Pre.7byterian Church, Brooklyn, from Ex. 23 : 12: " Six days thou shalt do all thy work, and on the seventh day thou shalt rest," etc. In its personal comment the Mail and Ex-press says of Dr. Gregg, " His sermons always show that scholarship which is so prominent a characteristic of the man," and in the course of the sermon quotes him as saying :Š We have spoken of the abolition of the Sabbath in California. One reason for its abolition there is the wrong views which are scattered broadcast in California. The Seventh-day Adventists have their stronghold there. They insist that the seventh day must be observed, or no day, and so are hand in glove with the infidel in destroying the Sabbath.  This is an illustration of the power of wrong views, and of the church defeating itself because of wrong views. There is no proof, and, consequently, no certainty, that the seventh day of creation, which Adventists claim, and the seventh day of our almanac are one and the same day. Besides this, the whole controversy about the seventh and the first day can be settled in a simple way. Here is a man who believes in the first day of the week as the Sabbath, and here is a man who believes in the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath; let them turn themselves back to back and start around the world. When they meet at the point opposite the starting point on the other side of the world, they will find that one has lost half a day, and the other has gained half a day and that they are keeping precisely the same Sabbath. Let them turn around and come back the same way and they will have the same Sabbath when they get home. Simply crossing over what is known by navigators as the Sunday line at 180 degrees changes the day, either backward or forward. Certainly there is a greater than Joshua among us, for while at his behest the sun stood still, it yet continued to be the meas..' ure of the day, but Dr. Gregg is able to ignore the office of the sun in day-making entirely. In the whole paragraph there is not a ,single correct statement, as applied to the Sabbath or Seventh-day Adventists, and on every point mentioned any intelligent man could set himself right with a mo-ment's thought, or a few moment's inves-tigation. Such " scholarship " as this reminds one of the wise remark of the humorist, that he would rather not know so much, than know so many things that weren't so. Which Side? THE Voice "straddles the fence" on the question of Sunday newspapers in the following ingenious but not wholly un-interesting manner :Š The Sunday newspaper might be put to consider-able inconvenience if the ruling of Judge Clark, of Atlanta, Ga., holds good throughout the courts. The decision was that advertising in a Sunday newspaper is not legal and contracts for it can not be enforced. The Sunday newspaper lives on its advertising. Bereft of an income from this source, it would be snuffed out of existence too quick to preach its funeral sermon, or sing its requiem. But we don't believe that it is predestined to die that way. A ruling of this kind, if it prevails in the higher courts, would cause some inconvenience, and probably some loss, but newspaper publishers would probably meet the case by requiring cash in advance for all future advertising. It has always been a marvel to us, by the way, to see the enemies of the Sunday newspaper trying to starve it out by refusing to buy copies of it. The only way to starve it out would be by refusing to trade with those who advertise in Sunday newspapers. It would be an interesting thing to find out how many pillars of the Church such a boycott would hit 1 But if carried out on an extensive scale, how it would set the fires of indignation and apprehen-sion to glowing in the offices of the daily news-papers I It would be interesting to know just what the Voice thinks about laws that countenance dishonesty in the interests of Sunday sacredness; but the foregoing is all that it has to say upon the subject. SUNDAY reformers are accustomed to say, that the keeping of any day in seven meets the demands of the divine law. Those who observe the seventh day meet all God's demands according to this logic. But these same Sunday reformers add that "the civil law can not recognize two days," and hence it must compel the mi-nority to refrain from work on Sunday, and it can not protect them in observing the Sabbath. Such a position is inconsist-ent and un-Christlike. It measures the duty of the State by the choice of the majority.ŠSabbath Outlook. 