126 A.TUIEIRICA SIEN-FriNm VOL* 11, N Ł 16. executive officers are trying to do their duty in the fear of God, the State is not made a particle more religious by putting the name of God into its Constitution. If lawgivers and judges and executive officers do not fear God, then his name in the Constitution makes that State worse rather than better. It is putting the cart before the horse to attempt to sanctify the people by first sancti-fying the State. The citizens give character to the State, not the State to the citizens. Putting the recognition of Christ in the Con-stitution would not make one citizen better, nor insure the better observance of one law; but making one citizen better will insure a better observance of law, and a greater power to Jesus Christ. Next to the utter uselessness of such a printer's ink assertion that this nation recog-nizes Jesus Christ as its ruler is to be consid-ered the propriety of it as affecting the rights of those who do not accept the Christian faith, but who yet are and should be citizens pos-sessing equal rights with us. This point is emphasized to us by a letter from a distin-guished Hebrew rabbi in Philadelphia, Dr. S. Morais, in The Hebrew, a weekly journal printed entirely in the Hebrew language. A number of Hebrew immigrants who have es-caped the persecutions of Christian Russia have written to ask him if there is any dan-ger that the movement to put Christianity into the Constitution will prevail, as they fear it would be the precursor of discriminat-ing laws against non-Christians. Dr. Morais reassures them in very florid and biblical He-brew, stating that efforts at Christianizing the Constitution have been made before and failed. " The Ruler of the Universe," he says, " watches over the American people," and will not allow them to be "afflicted by the ills which Christian priests" have brought on other countries; but that here "every one that cometh to trust under the wings of this standard of liberty shall be a singer in his soul, and shall believe according to the desire of his own heart." He is right. This land belongs equally to all its citizens. It puts no one religion into its Constitution. The fram-ers of the Constitution decided this intelli-gently and wisely. They wished our flag to give equal rights to believer and unbeliever, to Jew and Christian. As Christians we will do our best to make other people believe our truth; but as citizens we want to put no pressure and no stigma of non-conformity on atheist, infidel, or Jew. We believe enough in Christianity not to desire to ask the State to help us propagate it or proclaim it. As to the endorsement of the State, we will have none of it. The Christian Church does not need the endorse-ment of the State, as it would resent its help. As we want no interference from the State, we ask for no favors, nothing but equal rights, and we are not afraid that Chris-tianity will not hold its own in a fair field. "BETTER AS WE ARE." [The Christian Work, April 2.1 THOSE respected religious contemporaries who are so very desirous of putting the word " God" in the Constitution of the United States, and deplore the fact that " we are a Christless nation," are reminded that putting the word God in the Constitution will not mend matters at all. If we are to be a dis-tinctively Christian nation, it can only be ac-complished by establishing the Christian re- ligion as the national religion. But this could only be as in England by establishing a  sectarian religion, and if we went by numbers the Methodist denomination would be on top: then all other denominations would be "tol-erated," whereas now all have equal rights and privileges. The world's exhibit of na-tionalized religions is not favorable either to the cause of religion or to the State. We are better as we are. POPULAR CHURCH ATTENDANCE IN A " CHRISTIAN " NATION. [Atlanta Journal, Atlanta, Ga.] A TABLE has been prepared which shows the percentage of church communicants to the total population of a number of States and Territories. It is as follows:Š New Mexico,  68 . 85 Utah,  61 . 62 Arizona,  45 . 24 South Carolina,  44.17 Rhode Island,  42.84 North Carolina,  42.35 Massachusetts,  42.11 Connecticut,  41 . 45 Minnesota,  40 . 91 District of Columbia,  40.89 Alabama,  36 . 96 Georgia,  37 . 96 Maryland,  36.40 Florida,  36 . 21 New York,  36 . 21 Louisiana,  85 . 76 New Jersey,  35 . 18 Virginia,  34 . 37 Mississippi,  33.39 Ohio,  33.10 Wisconsin,  32 . 98 Most people will be surprised to find that the highest percentage of churchgoers in this list is found in a Territory, and the next in the newest State. The New England press is given to boasting of the superior morality of that section; but if churchgoing is an indication of moral virtue no New England State approaches Utah or Arizona. South Carolina is the second State in the list of churchgoers, while Georgia comes ninth. In as old a State as ours, and one which has been the scene of so much religious enterprise, it is rather surprising that less than thirty-seven people in every one hundred " belong to the church." Still Georgia makes a better showing than several others of the original thirteen States. THE SEVENTH-DAY SABBATH.* THERE is no evidence that the first day, or Sunday, was observed, even as a festival, until some time in the second century. The first law for Sunday was that of Constantine's, in A. D. 321; from that time forward ecclesiastical and State influences were used with rigor to turn the people from the observance of the Sabbath and to oblige them to keep Sunday. Christians generally continued to keep the Sabbath until the fifth century, as is evident from the oldest authorities on the subject, of whom are Morer and Geiseler. To this effect Dr. Twisse quotes Baronius, Gomarus, and Rivet. The same testimony is given by Dr. Lyman Coleman, of Philadelphia, in his "An-cient Christianity," chap. xxvi., section 2:Š The last day of the week was strictly kept for a long time after the overthrow of the temple and its worship. Down even to the fifth century the observ-ance of the Jewish Sabbath was continued in the Christian Church. During the early ages it was en-titled " The Sabbath," this word being confined to the seventh day of the week, which, we have already said, continued to be observed for several centuries * Originally from the London Sabbath Memorial, and re-printed without comment in Frank Leslie's Sunday Magazine, February 1880.  by the converts to Christianity. No law or precept appears to have been given by Christ or the apostles, either for the abrogation of the Jewish Sabbath, or the institution of the Lord's day, or the substitution of the first for the seventh day of the week. The Abyssinians have always observed the Sabbath. Traces of Sabbath-keeping in Eu- rope are found from the sixth century to the sixteenth. In the year 600 there was a class of Sabbath-keepers in Rome who were de-nounced by the Pope. Erasmus speaks of Sabbatarians in Bohemia. Many of the Wal-denses were called Sabbataraii, because, as Benedict says, " they met for worship on the seventh day, and did not regard the first-day sabbath." From references by old authors, it appears that in the beginning of the sixteenth century there were Christian Sabbath-keepers in Ger-many, Holland, and England. The Sabbath controversy in England waxed great from 1585 to 1685. It has been continued in England and America ever since, but at no period has it assumed such proportions as within the past forty-two years. The present number of Christian Sabbath-keepers in Wes-tern Europe and America is supposed to be about 40,000 with an increase of more than a thousand annually. This does not include the Russian Sabbath-keepers who are reported to number more than a million. Thus, from the time of the Apostles until the present day, there have existed Gentile Christians who have faithfully adhered to and observed the seventh dayŠthe true Sabbath of the fourth com-mandment. Ł REFORM BUREAUS IN WASHINGTON. " The good people of the whole country, and particularly the Christian people," says the Christian, World of April 9, "are deeply indebted to the National Bureau of Reforms for many excellent bills which have been introduced in Congress at this session, some of which have already become laws. . . . The idea of having a responsible Bureau at Washington to look after and to initiate re-form legislation is eminently wise and prac-tical,,,and it ought to receive the support of all interested in reform work." From this view we emphatically dissent. The theory that reforms should have their fountain head in. the national legislature is inconsistent with the idea that this is " a government of the people, by the people, and for the people," and consistent with the doc-trine of paternalism. If the national legis-lators are fathers to the nation,Šif they and not the people are the governors,Šthen it is proper that they should, as parents, lay down rules and regulations for their children, the people. But if they are merely representa-tives of the people, through whom the people themselves exercise the functions of govern-ment, then governmental reforms must have their origin with the people. In other words, the people must determine upon the reforms and elect such persons to Congress as will properly represent them in legislative action, instead of having their representatives originate schemes of reforms, or take up with the schemes of some " re-form bureau" representing not the people but some private parties, enact them into "law," and swing the people around to their standpoint. The body should wag the tail, and not the tail the body. We have enough governmental machinery already for every possible need, without the establishment of a "bureau of reforms" to tell Congress what is most needful in the line of legislation. To say the least, such a thing 