" Equal arid Exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or Persuasion, religious or 'Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, MARCH 23, 1893. NUMBER 12. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. WCAILLVLIILP.H.BOMLOLNKAitNE:  ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CIVIL liberty is a product of the gospel. To demand complete freedom for himself is natural to every man; but to deny to all others the same liberty which he so earnestly desires for himself is just as nat-ural. To the unregenerate man liberty means freedom from authoritative con-trol coupled with the possession of despotic power over all other men. FREEDOM to enslave, liberty to exercise the right of might, the gospel of force, this only can the natural man understand, the possession of this only satisfies him. What freedom really isŠactual libertyŠis alone comprehended by the spiritual man. Before the understanding of this paradox of freedom through subjection can enter the mind of man, he must first have talked with God, as did Nicodemus ; and, being taught of the Lord, have learned the mystery of regeneration. IF there have been those who unre-servedly espoused the cause of civil liberty and human rights, pure and simple, while seemingly antagonizing Chris-tianity, by denying its power and author-ity as exemplified in the minds, hearts and lives, of their contemporaries, it was be-cause they unconsciously followed in the steps of Christ and but needed some one, like another Paul to the Athenians, to preach to them the God whom they ignorantly worshiped. Who will say that the Athenian who knelt at the altar of the unknown god was not nearer to the kingdom of God than the Pharisae, the dust of whose city Paul had shaken from his feet ? FROM the desire for liberty to its pos-session is an upward step, but this is the pinnacle; there is but one step from the possession of liberty to the desire for power, this is a downward step. Through ambition the angels fell; by it the cover- ing cherub lost his high estate; how then could feeble humanity, whatever its Chris-tian profession, expect to gain by that through which heavenly power was lost ? When once the unholy lust for power has entered into the heart of the church the satanic poison has begun its work and that is a fallen church, no less than is Lucifer a fallen angel. The fallen angel and the fallen church will be kindred spirits, and they will work the same works. Ł As Lucifer sought supreme authority, eternal in the heavens, so when the spirit of worldly ambition has entered the Church it seeks temporal authority supreme on earth. This is but the natural course for human weakness to take, when it has forgotten to subject itself in child-like humility to divine leading. When the time has come that the clergy can arro-gate to itself the possession of the trained intellectuality of the world sanctified by a superior spirituality in its own conceit, then is the time that it will set up its claim to rule the world, as Satan, drunk with a consciousness of his own beauty and supernal intelligence, coveted divine supremacy in the heavens. These two, then, having purposes which complement each other and tend to the same end, be-come natural allies, and the human power and intelligence becomes the dupe and the tool of the supernatural subtlety to work its purposes on the earth. THE day is past when the stern and hardy pagan may think to stay the prog-ress of the gospel by hurling the gaunt-let of his defiance in its pathŠhe could never bring it to single combat at all, for those who carried the Word of the Lord of Hosts, though alone, were supported by the hosts of those who wait upon their Lord to do his bidding. Their armed hordes have disappeared like the frost before the morning sun; and the pagan sword and the paynim spear have been replaced by the pen of the subtle writer; while the voices of the captains of thousands now ring from the public plat-form, and the pulpit, marshalling the forces of evil to the final conflict. THE powers of evil, heretofore in the world's history, have used the grosser forms of force and violence, but now the  subtlest deceptions conceivable by the mind of the master of all deceivableness, have been developed, -and a capacity for a higher intensity of action has been gained. The results of this are already seen and will continue to be manifested to a greater and still to a greater degree. The seed which was sown by the wicked one long ago has grown under his fostering care so luxu-riantly, and in such perfect semblance to the wheat itself, that many can not dis-tinguish the tares from the good grain. This is part of the plan of the great de-ceiver, that in this age the good ground should be so occupied by the tares, that in their rank growth they might overtop the wheat and seem the only and the rightful crop. As a result of this satanic policy, ecclesiasticism has arisen and the nominal church become subject to its sway. This false church then, while professedly spiritual in character, purpose, and in-tent, has become a human organization for the exploitation of worldly pride and vainglory and the attainment of temporal sovereignty. Ecclesiasticism, when in its infancy and weakness, in this country, was not only willing but glad to receive the support of the civil Government and depend upon it. As this established church has grown in powerŠand its tenets have become the accepted national reli-gion, recognized as such by Government-appointed chaplains in camps; by lawyers, judges, and juries, in courts; by legis-lators, representatives, and senators, in legislative halls,Šit still takes its dole from the national and State treasuries in Indian school appropriations and exemp-tion from taxation. This shows the continuity of its existence, proves it to be the same ecclesiasticism which began with so full a dependence upon the State. It proves to a certainty, moreover, that it is an ecclesiasticism and not pure religion intact and free from the corruption of the world. Now, however, having gained num-bers, wealth, popularity, it is no longer content to remain dependent but by right of its acknowledged spiritual authority must claim temporal power. That the attempt to enforce this claim should be made under existing conditions is natural, logical, historical, and so, inevitable, ex- 