308 THE AIVIERICA_N SENTINEL. schools of the Catholic Church, nor the Lutheran Church, nor any other, nor all of them together. A. T. J. A Lesson From Paine. INFIDELS of the present day profess to believe that bigotry and intolerance are inseparable from Christianity, that it is indeed part and parcel of Christianity. But they should learn better than this, even from their patron saint, Thomas Paine. In his " Rights of Man," Paine says :Š All religions are, in their nature, mild and benign, and united with principles of moraliti. . . . How is it that they lose their native mildness, and be-come morose and intolerant ? By engendering the State with the Church, a sort of mule animal, ca-pable only of destroying, and not of breeding up, is produced, called the Church established by law. . . . The Inquisition in Spain does not proceed from the religion originally professed, but from this mule animal engendered between the Church and State. And again, of governments established by force, Paine says :Š Governments thus established last as long as the power to support them lasts; but that they might avail themselves of every engine in their favor, they united fraud to force, and set up an idol which they called divine right, and which, in imitation of the Pope who affects to be spiritual and temporal, and in contradiction to the founder of the Christian religion, twisted itself afterward into an idol of an-other shape, called Church and State. Paine, infidel though he was, knew full well, and was man enough to acknowledge it, that the doctrine of Church and State was not Christian doctrine in any proper :sense of the word, and it would be well if his disciples of the present day had equal discernment, and as great candor. The "Loyal American" against Facts. As an illustration of careless reading, and an utter disregard of facts, an article in the Loyal American, of September 17, surpasses anything that we have seen re-cently. The first paragraph of the article runs thus :Š A. J. J. in THE AMERICAN SENTINEL says it is all wrong for the State to dictate what language shall be taught in the schools, public or private. He bases his dictum upon the private rights of parents, and like the religious bigots, forgets that the State and child have rights. In the first place, no such person as "A. J. J." writes for THE AMERICAN SEN-TINEL. The initials are "A. T. J." in plain Roinali type. In the second place, neither "A. T. J." nor any other writer for THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, has ever denied the right of the State to dictate what language shall be taught in the public schools. The very article from which the Loyal Ameri-can quotes, in making its criticism, has in the first and second paragraphs these plain words :Š We have not yet seen it denied that the public has the right to teach English solely, in the public sohools, That which is denied is that the public has  a right to say what shall be taught in the private schools ; and this is not a denial of the right of the State to say that English shall be taught in the pub-lic schools. It is not opposition to the teaching of English; but this opposition is to the assumption that if the State can say that English shall be taught in the public schools, that concedes the right of the State to say that whatever it pleases shall, be taught in the private schools, and that consequently there is no such thing as a private school; that the State arbitrarily turns the private school into a public school at private expense. How anybody can say, as the Loyal American does say, that this is a denial of the right of the State to say what language shall be taught in the public schools, is more than we can understand. The State has clearly the right to say that English and English only shall be taught in the schools supported by the State ; but we deny the right of the State to say what shall be taught in the private schools. If the Loyal American wishes to do us justice let it quote all we said about the right of the State to require the teaching of English, and not make garbled quota-tions, merely. But again, the Loyal American says :Š It is evident that A. J. J. is under a misapprehen-sion as to what the State really is, he forgets that the American State is a majority of the citizens; that when it undertakes to protect all citizens in certain rights, it cannot be hampered in doing so by cranks, bigots, self-elected censors, or men who fancy that God should resign and call on them to run the universe. The State must first protect itself, this done, it can turn its protecting arms toward men, women, and children. And while the Ameri-can State is permitting the oppressed of all climes to come here for refuge from tyranny, and to enjoy greater freedom and opportunities, it must take care that the oppressed do not become our oppres-sors, as is the fact here in Chicago, " A. J. J." is under no such misappre-hension. The editors of THE SENTINEL are all native -born Americans, as were also their fathers before them, and know as much about what constitutes the Ameri-can State as does the editor of the Loyal American, or any other naturalized for-eigner. They know, too, that the whole people, and not merely a majority of the people, constitute the State. But this fact does not make justice out of injustice, nor warrant the majority in meddling with the private affairs of the minority. John Stuart Mill never wrote a truer thing than when he said that such "power itself is illegitimate. The best government has no more title to it than the worst. It is as noxious, or more noxious, when exerted in accordance with public opinion, than when in opposition to it." The idea that whatever the major-ity decrees is right is no more true now than it was when the majority demanded the crucifixion of Christ, or when the major-ity demanded the hanging of witches in Massachusetts, or when, as in- our own day, the commune of a Russian village decrees the exiling of innocent men and women to Siberia. It is possible for majority rule to be just as tyrannical and just as wicked as the rule of a single man. The vaporings of the Loyal American about private schools that " teach children to beg, to steal, to burglarize houses, to perpetrate highway robbery," are un-worthy of an answer. There may be " schools" of that kind in Chicago, but they are not under the management of German Lutherans, nor even of German Catholics. We know Chicago did once have an Anarchist Sunday-school, but an-archy can be taught quite as well in Eng-lish as in German, and we believe as a matter of fact English was the language employed in that " school." We fear that the real animus of the Loyal American is religious intolerance. It wants to force its language and its religion, and probably, its own cut of collar, and style of cravat, upon everybody else; and it wants the power of the State to enable it to do it. We regard the Lutherans and the Roman-ists as in error upon many very important points; and not only so, but we deplore the Roman Catholic influence in politics in this country; but it is no more danger-ous to our liberties than are the paternal tendencies, and theory advocated by the Loyal American. C. P. B. Religious Liberty and Polygamy. RELIGIOUS liberty has become so sacred in the eyes of the American people, and religious persecution so obnoxious, that any man, or body of men, appealing to religious liberty in defense of their prac-tices, will be granted a speedy and im-partial hearing. Until recent years, po-lygamy, unmolested, has been practiced by one branch of the Mormon Church, and every legal step toward its suppression has been opposed by its defenders, on the ground that such interference would be an abridgment of religious liberty; and even now there are those not in sym-pathy with the practice of polygamy, who doubt the right of the Government to prohibit it. The object, of this paper is to define the basis upon which polygamy may and should be prohibited, and to show that such prohibition is consistent with the principles of both civil and religious lib-erty. The first question to be settled, is, whether marriage is a civil or religious relation. For if marriage is a religious relation it cannot be -regulated by civil government. But marriage, as-  we shall prove, is, pri-marily, a civil relation; and since the few who will question this proposition are found among believers in religion, we will ad-dress this portion of the argument to them. Mutual aid and. companionship are among the primary objects for which marriage was instituted (Gen. 2 : 18); hence marriage is clearly a social rela-tion. Another primary object of the mar-riage relation is the propagation of the race. Gen. 1 : 28. But reproduction is 