102 VoL. 10, No 13. in Christ makes us " fellow-citizens with the saints, and of the household of God." Eph. 2 :19. " For our citizenship is in heaven; from whence also we wait for a Saviour, the Lord Jesus Christ." Phil. 3: 20. (R. V.) Dear reader, may we all get away from this world by fleeing to Christ, the Great Deliverer. K. C. RUSSELL. A ROMAN CATHOLIC PARTY. THE spirit of persecution that prevailed, so generally against the Protestants for long cen-turies, has not been quenched as many sup-pose. Word comes to us of the formation, in Hungary, of a new political party, called the Roman Catholic People's Party. Its object seems to ke opposition to the Protestant popu-lation. It seems this league is growing rap-idly, especially among the ignorant classes. One writer says: " About fifty-two per cent. of the whole population of Hungary is Roman Catholic, and about twenty per cent. is Prot-estant. This twenty per cent. constitutes, as a rule, the better educated portion, and if there is to be a religious conflict, it will un-questionably be bitter and deep." Our sym-pathies are with this persecuted people. We do not look for anything but opposition and persecution from Rome, this side the coming of Christ. Meanwhile this people have our prayers that they may be kept in this evil time. Deliverance is near. . . . What a blessed day it will be to the weary, waiting people of God! The Lord hasten it in his time.Š.Herald of the Coming One. IS THE HAND OF ROME IN THIS THING? IT is a startling fact, pointed out by the AMERICAN SENTINEL, that the present craze for military instruction in the schools is not only not opposed by Rome, but so far as her voice has.  been [heard] it has been in favor [of it]. The Catholic Club of Newark, N. J., at a recent meeting, passed resolutions asking the legisla-ture " to make provision for the introduction of military drill into the public, parochial,' and other schools within the State, in which boys are taught." The spirit of the Catholic Church has always been and is now, essen-tially military. The blood-stained pages of history tell us how well she can use carnal weapons, and as the SENTINEL suggests, " All this militarism is directly in her line of things." The Lafayette Post of the G. A. R. in New York City has started the boom for military instruction in the schools, and secured the indorsement of forty-seven States and Terri-tories. Commander Adams states that there are in the schools of the United States 2,800,-000 boys between twelve and eighteen who are able to handle a cadet rifle. Can anyone suppose that these boys will grow up thus trained by regular military instructors without longing for an opportunity to put their knowl-edge to practical proof in real war, and ready to rush to arms instead of submitting the point at issue to the slower methods of arbi-tration? But they will grow up defenders of the flag. Stop and think. How many of our public school children does Rome claim ? and on which side will they be likely to array themselves in the event of a religious struggle? How many of foreign parentage are there whose attitude would be likely to be as uncertain as is the foreign political vote to-day? What is the effect of this military training? Prof. Sutton said at a' recent meeting .of the leading educators of fifteen States gathered in 'council at Galveston, and reported in the Journal of Education :Š" The obedience taught by military tactics is not inspired from  within, it is mechanical. It is character we need in the United States, not cannon. If there is anything that this nation stands for, it is to scatter ideas of peace and fraternity. The great purpose of the schools is to develop self-activity of the head, not of the foot. The nearer you get a soldier to allow some one else to do his thinking, the better soldier he is. His business is to die. The more you teach a child to think the better for it." Even France, the very embodiment as a nation, of the military idea, is now turning over a new leaf. Says Dr. J. Baldwin, of the State University of Austin, Texas: " France is now engaged in the development of the greatest manhood and womanhood the nation has ever seen. Is it military training ? By no moans, but scientific training from baby-hooci." When even France has cast off the false ideal of education for her future citizens, shall America take it up ? Which do we prefer, character or cannon ? The Advocate of Peace, in commenting on this subject, well says: "The G. A. R. has no right whatever to be interfering with the school system, any more than the Catholic Church or any other organization has. The school boards and superintendents and prin-cipals ought to have independence enough to resist all efforts to thrust into their work a kind, of instruction so utterly antagonistic at bottom to the humanizing, intellectual, and moral purposes of our educational system."ŠThe Woman's Voice (Boston), March 2. RUM AND ROMANISM. THE Christian Advocate is authority for the following facts:Š Sixty-five per cent. of the manufacturers of alcoholic liquors for beverage in the city of Philadelphia are Roman Catholics, and of the brewers seventy-five per cent. are Roman Catholics, are communicants, and pay revenue to the Roman Catholic Church. In the city of Philadelphia there are 8,034 persons in the retail liquor business, 'selling liquor over the bar for drinks, as follows:Š Chinamen, 2. Not Roman Catholics. Jews, 2. Not Roman Catholics. Italians, 18. All Roman Catholics. Spaniards, 140. All Roman Catholics. Negroes, 265. 200 Roman Catholics. Welsh, 160. 125 Roman Catholics. French, 285. All Roman Catholics. Scotch, 497. 435 Roman Catholics. English, 568. 543 Roman Catholics. Germans, 2,179. All Roman Catholics. Irish, 3,041. All Roman Catholics. Americans, 205, who commune nowhere, but a majority of those are of Roman Catholic parentage. Of this number 3,696 are women, all foreigners but one, as follows:Š German, 1,104. All Roman Catholics. Irish, 2,558. All Roman Catholics. Of this 8,034, 6,418 have been arraigned for crimes. These facts explain why the Roman Cath-olic Church deals so gingerly with the liquor question. Ł-Ł AGAINST SUNDAY LAWS. SENATORS Allen and Sevatson presented nu-merously signed petitions and protests against the passage of Sunday legislation. Senator Allen's petition comes from Wadena. It re-cites that the petitioners embrace their right of protest and petition, adopting and adapting the words of James MPflison, as follows:Š "We believe that religion with its institu-tions, the Sabbath not excepted, is not in the purview of human government. " We believe that religion is essentially dis-tinct from human government and exempt from its cognizance, and that a connection between them is injurious to both. " We also believe that there are causes in the human breast which insure the perpetuity  of religion, including the observance of the Sabbath, without the aid of law. " For these reasons, therefore, we respect-fully, yet decidedly, protest against the pas-sage of House File 183 and Senate File 323 or any other Sunday bill that may be pre-sented to your honorable body, as subversive of those very principles. " We would respectfully suggest that every act of legislation tending to exalt one day above another as a day of rest, is because of some idea of sacredness attached, and is there-fore religious legislation. We do therefore earnestly petition that you have nothing to do with any such legislation; but that you adhere to the true American principles of entire dis-union of religion and the State, leaving reli-gion and religious observances to the indi-vidual conscience; and that every man be protected in the exercise of the God-given right to make choice for himself as to how he shall spend his time, provided that he in-fringe not the equal rights of any other man." The Pioneer Press, St. Paul (Minn.), March 7. AMERICA AND THE VATICAN. SATOLLI is cautiously feeling his way to-ward the establishment of diplomatic relations between Uncle Sam and Leo. XIII. He thinks that the constitutional principle sepa-rating Church and State is no barrier. He says:Š It is well to reflect that the holy father enjoys always, in fact and by international right, the prerog-atives of sovereignty. In the second place, the separa. tion between the Church and the State (sanctioned by the Constitution), excluded the action of one power over another in civil matters in regard to the Church, and in religious matters in respect to the State, but does not exclude official relations between the one power and the other, unless by separation is meant the inevitable hostility or open wrong of the civil power towards the Church and its ministry. It is also to the point to consider that many nations (although they have in their constitutions the said principle of separation between State and Church), maintain, nev-ertheless, amicable reports and relations with the holy see, and I can also add that although the holy see has no diplomatic reports with the empires of China and Japan, it has certainly found no official obstacle in their diversity of religion, But the condition of the Catholic Church in the United States in whose Constitution was inserted the article of separation of the State from any religious sect, cannot escape our consideration, I might almost say a sense of surprise; if up to date no official rela-tions exist between the Government and the holy see, it is because the great majority of the population is anti-Catholic, In the meantime the church here is attaining possibly greater developments and liberty than in other States. There was a time when diplomatic relations with the Vatican would have been impossible, but since the Supreme Court has declared that " this is a Christian nation," it is logical that this " Christian nation," should, like such " Christian nations " as Spain and Portugal, establish diplomatic relations with the " sov-ereign pontiff." PERFECTION GRAHAM GRAHAM FLOUR. THE Battle Creek Bakery Company, manu-facturers of Health Foods, pure crackers, biscuits, etc., have recently perfected and added to their list of Health Foods another very important article in this line, known as Perfection Graham Flour. .We claim for this all that its name implies, and the result of using it is a perfect Health Food Bread,Šthe one thing desired by every good housekeeper. To every purchaser of a barrel of this flour we mail free a carefully prepared formula with full directions for making Perfection 