2 AMERICAN nition of the "Christian religion" as a governmental thing by declaring that " organic utterances " and the "meaning" of the Constitution prove that "this is a Christian nation," in accordance with original docu-ments whose "purpose" was "the establishment of the Christian religion" in this country. And by another de-ciSion in 1895, the Court has shown that it adheres to this doctrine. In 1892, also, Congress committed the legislative department of the Government not only to the recogni-tion of the "Christian religion" as a governmental thing, but to,  the recognition of that particular phase of it that is represented in Sunday observance: and in 1893, by direct action, confirmed that which it had done in 1892. In 1892, the President of the United States com-mitted the executive department of the Goverment to the recognition of the " Christian religion " as a govern-mental thing by'approving the action of Congress. In addition to this, in 1896, the President of the United States,, in a Thanksgiving proclamation, again com-mitted the executive department of the Government, spe-cifically, to the "Christian religion" as a governmental thing; and shortly afterward followed it up with the ominous declaration that "this is a Christian nation, and it is only a question of time when all will have to come to accept the situation." Now it is undeniable that these three departmentsŠthe legislative, the judicial, and the executiveŠare the Government of the United States. It is also undeniable that these three departments have, by repeated action, committed themselves to the recognition of the "Chris-tian religion" as a governmental thing. It is therefore also undeniable that in spite of the plain words of Jesus Christ; and in spite of the fundamental principles and the supreme law of the nation; the Government of the United States has been dragged into the recognition of the "Christian religion;" and in the antichristian sense in which such a term is always used, has been made a "Christian government." What more could possibly be necessary to the accom-plishment of such a thing? Was it essential that all three branches of the Government should take such step, in order that it might truly be said that the Government had done it? All three have definitely and intentionally taken such step. Was it essential that all three branches of the Government should by repeated action take such step, in order that it might truly be said that the Gov-ernment had done it? All three, by repeated action, have done it. And, as though to put a climax to the whole scheme, the President gives notice not only that "this is a Christian nation," but that it is only a question of time when "all will have to accept the sit-uation," and "face the music." Yet this is not to say that all has been done that will be done. Not by any means; for such evil tide once a-flowing, will not cease until it shall have overflown, reached even to the neck, and filled the breadth of the,  land. This is to say, however, what cannot be dis-proved, that the particular, the essential, thing of the recognition of a governmental national religion, Ł has been accomplished by the Government of the United States. And when more shall have been dime in this di-rection, it matters not what it may be, it is impossible for it to be the doing of any new thing. Alt that it can possibly be is but the enlarging and deepening of the thing that has already been done. PECULIARITIES OF TILE SITUATION. In view of all this that has certainly been done, it is remarkable how the great mass of the people of the United States do "accept the situation." Practically, the whole religious element of the nation accepts the situation, because it is glad to have it so. This element not only accepts the situation, but will do all in its power to emphasize President Cleveland's pro-nunciamento that all "will have to accept" it. The vast majority of those who are not confessedly of the religious element, tamely accept the situation be-cause they do not believe that the issue is. of sufficient importance to justify tliem in taking a course that will subject them to the sneers, the scoffs, and the ostracism both business and social, that are so largely dealt out to all who choose to let it be known that they do not accept the situation: - Looking at the situation as it really is to-day, in contrast with the situation that our fathers createdwhen' they established the National Government and fixed.the supreme law, a person is 'driven to the supposition that the great mass of the people of the United States to-day must think-that our fathers made a great mistake when they carried on such a long and earnest contest against any governmental recognition of the "Christian reli-gion." There is certainly a great mistake somewhere in the issue. If our fathers were right in establishing the Gov-ernment and fixing the supreme, law, with the express ex-clusion of any recognition of the Christian religion, then these men to-day cannot . be right in dragging the whole Government into express recognition of the " Christian religion." And if these men are right to-day in giving express governmental recognition to the " Christian reli-gion," then assuredly our fathers were wrong in expressly excluding the Christian religion from governmental rec-ognition. These two things cannot' stand together. One of them must inevitably be wrong. And to "accept the sit-uation". as at is to-day, and as the President of the United States says it " will have to " be accepted, is to say that our fathers were wrong in excluding the Chris-tian religion from governmental recognition. But to say, or-  tacitly to admit, or "to accept the situation" which argues, that our fathers were wrong in this, 'is to go further hack than that point. The leading writer of the history of the United States-  has well 'said that this exclusion of religion from governmental recognition was 