AMERICAN SENTINEL. 429 dead This is the kind of a millennium that will be on earth; but it is not the only millennium; for there is a millennium in heaven. How long do the saints reign with Christ?" `And they lived and reigned with Christ a thousand years.' " "This is the reign that Satan hates. He who hated and defied the law of God, and sought to set up a rival government, to make his authority supreme on earth, will have the bitter privilege of pondering on the results of rebellion against omnipotent love." "And mama, will it subdue him, and cause him to re-pent?" "No Charlie. He repents his failure, and laments the results; but knows nothing but hatred against God and his law." "Then why does God let him live on?" "For our sakes, for the sake of the universe. We are to judge the world, to judge the fallen angels. When the death-sentence is finally executed, the whole universe will cry, 'True and righteous are thy judgments." "At the end of the thousand years, the camp of the saints, the beloved city, the New Jerusalem, will be found on earth. Some day the glorious city, with walls of jasper, garnished with all manner of precious stones, will come glittering down from heaven. The chaos of earth will present one plain of order for the beautiful city. The saints of the most High will be within, the Lamb will be the light of it. Then the voice of the son of God will break the long silence of the grave and the hosts of the wicked will be raised that they may fully understand the malignity of evil, and the goodness of love. But this revelation, despised during probationary years, will not change their spirit after death and the resurrection, though it will compel them to acknowledge the love of God, and to assent to the vindication of the Most High. "As soon as they are raised from the dead, Satan is loosed out of his prison for a little season. And now, Charlie, what does he do?" Rev. 20:7,8. " 'And when the thousand years are expired Satan shall be loosed out of his prison, and shall go out to deceive the nations, which are in the four quarters of the earth, Gog and Magog, to gather them together to battle: The number of whom is as the sand of the sea."' "Whatever does he think he can do with the nations, mama?" "He thinks, or at least, he makes the nations think, that they can still war against God, that they can still make the earth a kingdom of hell, capture the city and the saints of God, overcome Him who once was crucified for the world's sin, and wrest from heaven the planet earth, so that never can God's will be done on earth. Now read the first part of the ninth verse." "`And they went up on the breadth of the earth, and compassed the camp of the saints about, and the beloved city.' " "What a scene that will be, Charlie. Around that glorious city whose builder and maker is God, will stand  the hosts of evil. The same contrast will be seen between them and the redeemed as will appear between the city and the desolated earth. Through the transparent walls of the New Jerusalem, the rebel armies will see the holy people, radiant in light and love. They will behold the king in his beauty. What a contrast will they present! Marked with evil, scarred with sin, sorrow, sickness and death, ruled by the tyrant king, the deception of hell will be masked, and the end of delusions be made manifest. Rage and horror will mingle in the acknowledgment of God's justice and love; but the fire of heaven will fall upon the refuse of the kingdoms. Please finish the verse." "`And fire came down from God out of heaven, and devoured them.' "This will be the last event of the millennium. Then the universe will ring with untold praise and joy; for God's kingdom will have come, his will be the law of all worlds, the will of every creature." F. B. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitantei of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make 'an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State. either in name or in principle. OP.GAN OF TUB International Religious liberty Association. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Co. Single Copy, Per Year, - - $1.00 66 " Six months, .50 66 " Three " - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York.  