AMERICAN SENTINEL. point, or to re-enact God's law, he is guilty of nothing less than blasphemy. These considerations make it clear why human Sab-bath laws never benefitted the human race in the past, and why no possible benefit can be derived from them to-day. Clerical Tyranny in. Quebec. Detroit Evening News, Jcknuary 6, 1891. ALL the experience of history seems to teach the French-Canadian hierarchy nothing. Like the Bourbon kings, who first established them in power upon the banks of the St. Lawrence, they seem incapable of compromise with facts until the facts overwhelm them and they lose all. If any body of men ever received a lesson that should be a warning, the Quebec hierarchy received one in the last parliamentary elections, when they undertook to coerce their people, under grave religious penalties, to vote for the Conservative candidates on the Manitoba educational issue, and Laurier carried the province against them by an overwhelming majority. This defeat has apparently only made them all the more desperately resolved to cling to their arrogant pre-rogative of dictating the political action of their people. A French-Canadian author, M. David, recently wrote a small work on the subject of Church and State, in which he took the ground that the State was supreme in secular and political matters. As a loyal Catholic, he submitted the work to the authorities at Rome and it was forthwith put into the index of forbidden books. David meekly withdrew it from circulation, but a French Liberal paper, a warm supporter of Laurier, proceeded to publish it in its columns. Thereupon the bishops issued a mandament forbidding the people to read or support L'Eleeteur, the offending journal. M. Pacaud, the publisher, announced his intention to cease publishing his paper for lack of support, but to bring suit for damages against the bish-ops who had ruined him. With some exceptions, the other French papers of Quebec condemn the action of the bishops, and encourage Pacaud in his efforts for redress. The English papers of the whole Dominion, as might be expected, denounce the course of the bishops as an attack upon civil liberty, which it is the duty of every Canadian, without respect to partisan or religious differences, to resent, and the hierarchy find themselves in the midst of a contest to which that over the Manitoba schools was trifling in its proportions. There will first be an appeal to Rome by the aggrieved editor, and failing there, an appeal to the courts and to Canadian public opinion, which will bring a pretty storm upon these arrogant prelates. CHURCH PRIVILEGES IN QUEBEC. When the storm has fully gathered, it will hardly be abated without a full review of the peculiar privileges of the church in the province of Quebec. Throughout the rest of the Dominion the clergy of all denominations de- pend for their support upon the voluntary contributions of their followers. They'are consequently liberal their treatment of the people and reasonably modest in their claims of prerogative. The Catholic clergy of Ontario, while they have not openly taken Ł issue with the hierarchy of Quebec, appear to be tentirely Contented With the compromise which the Laurier governinent effected in the Manitoba school matter, and never under any 'circumstances attempt to Control the political action of their people by arbitrary mandament. But the French Catholic clergy of Quebec, deriving their rights and privileges, and especially their incomes, from law as established by treaty between France and England, which ceded Canada to the latter power, collect their tithes and fabriqu4 (the latter a tax for the construction of new churches), by process of law. When the tax remains unpaid, it becomes a first lien upon the property of the delinquent. In many cases the burden has become. so grievous that delinquents have thrown up their farms and emigrated td the States, pre-ferring to take their chances penniless in a new and free country, to continuing the hardships to which they were subject under the tyranny of the clergy at home. New England has filled up with these refugees, who in their new homes have prospered and multiplied. Priests have followed them to minister to their religious wants who receive from them a generous and voluntary support. The church property in Quebec also enjoys peculiar privileges in the way of exemption from taxation which is not confined to the church propertpproper, but is ex-tended to all accumulations of money or real estate made by the religious bodies. These have naturally grown enormously rich, and the spectacle of their wealth in the midst of the general poverty of the people is now attract-ing the attention and provoking the resentment of Cath-olics and Protestants alike in theŁ province of Quebec. SHALL THE PEOPLE RULE? These enormous privileges, as valuable to the bishops and as onerous to the people as were those enjoyed by the hierarchy and nobility of France before the great rev-olution, are regarded by the clergy as invulnerable to attack, because they are buttressed behind a solemn treaty made between England and France. But the rights of Catholic education in Manitoba were based upon the same warrant; yet the Manitobans found a way to sweep them aside and make their own school laws, and that with the cordial assistance of the Catholic voters of Quebec in the last elections. . . . Out of it all may grow a revolution which will be as sweeping against ecclesiastical prescription, although peaceful and blood- less, as was that which overturned the Gallician church and French aristocracy a hundred years ago. THE Christian Endeavorer announces the "great dis-covery " that the reason why the Sabbath was kept by God's people prior to the day of Pentecost, was that God delivered the children of Israel out of Egyptian bondage. Possibly this may find credence with people whO haVe 