AMERICAN SENTINEL. 57 STEADY progress continues td be made by the Sun-day-closing movement in Chicago. Sunday, January 7, every business house in the eastern portion of the stock-yards district was closed, and the western portion is expected to follow suit. The movement, says the Chicago Times-Herald; of January 8, "is assuming a general character, and it is said the business district to the west of the yards will be closed next Sunday. When this is accomplished the work will be taken up on the North and West sides and continued until Chicagoans are educated to make their purchases for Sunday on the preceding day." * * In one of the hardest districts of the city, (from a Sunday-closing point of view), petitions for Sunday closing were circulated among all the merchants, and only one of them refused to sign the petition. This one opened his store Sunday morning, January 7, to do business as usual, but was speedily "brought to time" by the Sunday-closing committee, in the following way. One of the chief advocates of Sunday observance was making a tour of the district Sunday morning, (breaking Sunday thereby), to see if the merchants were keeping Sunday as they had agreed. A committee of the Sunday closers were with him. They discovered the solitary open store. At once "pickets supplied with printed copies of the Sunday-closing resolutions were placed near the store on either side, and every possible customer was presented with one. After the pickets had been at work half an hour the merchant locked up his store and informed the committee that it would remain closed not only yesterday but every Sunday hereafter." * * One feature of the movement in this city is an ap-peal that has been made to consumers not to purchase anything on Sunday. It is declared that to purchase groceries, etc., on Sunday is an indication of shiftless housekeeping, and it is expected the ban of this idea will influence many to guard their reputations by doing no Sunday shopping. A city alderman asserts that "the movement has come to stay," because the majority of the people favor it. It is, of course,.the right of every storekeeper to close his store on Sunday in harmony with his convictions of right or of sound policy; and it is likewise the right of ndividuals favoring Sunday closing to persuade any and all others whom they can to accept and practise their. views. This is no interference with religious liberty, and there is none until the point is reached where some-one is compelled to close on Sunday, or to refrain from work, against his will. And this point will very likely be reached if the present movement continues; for it will be but a step, after the people have been "educated" to do all their shopping before Sunday, and to favor that system, to secure a city ordinance forbidding Sun-day trading. The Sunday closers are not likely to rest satisfied until they have fortified themselves behind the law. * ANOTHER gigantic "trust" is announced as about to be formedŠa,  railway trustŠwhich will unite the great trunk lines of railway between the Atlantic seabord and the Mississippi. All ticket offices of these roads in the principal cities will be abolished, and all city, general, traveling and district freight and passenger agents and solicitors of these roads in the United States, Canada, and Europe will be dispensed with, and altogether 50,000 or more men will be thrown out of employment. * ' * This forcing of people out of employment is one of the worst features of the trust system. The object, of course, is to save the money paid to these employees in salaries; but while the immediate result may be what the trust magnates anticipate, the policy in the end must prove "penny wise and pound foolish." These 50,000 unemployed men, the victims of this "trust," will swell by nearly that much the great army of idle, ,discontented and desparate men,who at every favorable opportunity become the fomentors of industrial dis-turbancesŠstrikes, riots, etc.Šand intensify the conflict between capital and labor. The country can never be prosperous while a large percentageof those who should be wageŁearners are out of employment, and it is poor policy on the part of the capitalists to lessen the general prosperity of the country in this way. A Sign of the Times. A. NOVEL development inthe journalism of the United States is the suppression of news in the interest of a political party. There have been a good many exam-ples of this, but the last week afforded a salient illustra-tion. Many of the papers that reported the speech of Senator Beveridge made hardly an illusion to the fact that Senator Hoar, of Massachusetts, replied to it, and yet the Congressional Record shows that Mr. Hoar spoke about forty minutes in reply, and adduced a mass of evidence against Mr. Beveridge's contention that certainly is entitled to the most candid consideration.Ł  Perhaps whatever the senior senator from Massachur, 