AMERICAN SENTINEL. 619 the conclusions of honest investigation; that in its search for truth the mind may not be terrified by threats, weak-ened by flattery, or narrowed by bigotry.ŠRev. Richard E. Sykes. The Holy Spirit and Sunday.ŠNo. 6. BY C. H. KESLAKE. IN our last article we raised the question, "The Ref-ormation: Whence was it?" The reformers were afterwards called Protestants; so that Protestantism and the Reformation meant, and still mean, one and the same thing. The question repeated above might therefore have been just as appropriately, "Protestantism: whence was it?" Last week we found that the power which wrought in the Reformation, through the reformers, was the power of GodŠthat the Spirit which led in that mighty work was the Holy Spirit. As "the power of God manifested through the Holy Spirit" is the answer to the question, "The Reformation; whence was it?" so we say "the power o' God through the Holy Spirit" is the answer to the question, "Protes-tantism: whence was it?" But the Protestantism of that time, by the power of God through the Spirit, was a protest against the pa-pacy. And Protestantism, by the power of God through the Holy Spirit, is a protest against the papacy, and everything like it, now. What shall be said, therefore, of that Protestantism which not only ceases to protest against the papacy, but actually courts its aid. Who cannot see that such a course is a repudiation of the Reformation, and, there-fore, of true Protestantism. Nor is this all. It amounts to a sweeping denial that such a work was the work of the Holy Spirit. But the work of the Reformation in Luther's time was only a beginning. Luther himself did not under-stand the full import of the work which the Holy Spirit led him to undertake. That work which had such a small beginning must not, cannot stop until every error, as well as all corruption, shall have been uprooted, and the truth of God take its place. Unfortunately for the Reformation and Protestant-ism, a position was taken which could not fail to be disas-trous to ProtestantismŠwhich was, in fact, the very mill-stone, as it were, by which it was to be drowned, leaving nothing but its name. The position in question was that Sunday was solely an appointment of "the [Catholic] church." This was done in the memorable confession of faith which was read at the Council of Augsburg in 1530. Ł How thoroughly the Reformers stultified themselves may be gathered from their protest the year before at the Diet of Spires, and the part that Sunday had in the great Catholic Council of Trent. In the protest at Spires, among other things, the Protestants said: "Now seeing . . . there is no sure doctrine but such as is conformable to the Word of God; that the Lord forbids the teaching of any other doctrine; that each text of the Holy Scriptures ought to be ex-plained by other and clearer texts; that this holy Book is, in all things necessary for the Christian, easy of un-derstanding, and calculated to scatter the darkness; we are resolved, with the grace of God, to maintain the pure and exclusive preaching of the only Word, such as it is contained in the biblical books of the Old and New Testament, without adding anything thereto, that may be contrary to it. This Word is the only truth; it is the sure rule of all doctrine and of all life and can never fail or deceive us. He who builds on this foundation shall stand against all the powers of hell, whilst all the human vanities that are set up against it shall fall before the face of God." (Italics mine.) Notwithstanding this, in less than a year they ac-cepted an institution as part of their necessary faith which they frankly acknowledged as solely an appoint-ment of "the church." The force of this will be more fully appreciated by observing what part Sunday played in the great Council of Trent (1545-1563). The council began in December, 1545, with the great question as to whether it should begin "with the reform of the papacy," or with definitions of dogma. What was meant by the "reform of the papacy" was whether or not the church should abandon tradition and adopt the Scriptures as the only standard of authority in faith and morals. This was a serious question, and one that meant much to the Catholic Church. Should they abandon tradition and adopt the Scriptures as the standard of faith and morals, they would thereby condemn the pre-vious teachings of the church, and at the same time admit the very principle contended for by the Protes-tants. This, indeed, would have been a triumph for the latter. As between tradition on the one hand, and the Scrip-tures on the other, what was the turning-pointŠthe pivot upon which all hinged? The answer is, Sunday. Ł It came about in this way. The vexed question re-ferred to above began in December, 1545; it was not until January, 1562, that it was settled. At that time the archbishop of Rheggio, in a speech, openly declared that tradition stood higher than the Bible; that the au-thority of the church could not be bound to the author-ity of the Scriptures. And why? "Because the former had changed the Sabbath into SundayŠnot by the com-mand of Christ, but solely by her own authority."ŠCanon and Tradition, p. 263. From this the reader can see not only how completely the reformers stultified themselves, but that the very continuance of the papacy as such, depended upon the Sunday institution. 