AMERICAN SENTINEL. 233 Guard Association, says in the Independent, that the undertaking of supplying the soldiers in Cuba with "refrigerated" beef was "a great blunder," whether the beef was "embalmed" or not. And the most discredit-able part of the "blunder," he says, was in the fact that after the "defects" of such beef were fully known to the War Department, "in spite of these facts, a million pounds of that beef was purchased from Armour & Co. alone, and its issue was continued not only in Cuba but, in Porto Rico. What is worse than all, after its defects were fully known it was issued as a trvveling ration to the fever-racked men on their homeward voyage to this country; men who needed and were entitled to receive the most nourishing food and to whom this indigesti-ble stuff was poison. This," he declares, "should never be forgotten or forgiven by the plain people of the country." Other interesting statements made by this authority are that "thousands of our soldiers have been made ill, and that hundreds have died in consequence of eating this beef;" also that, as "it is most lamentable to find," the "awful experiences which have made so many homes desolate, and so many of our best young men invalids, have borne no practical fruit. Both the army officials and Congress are like the Bourbons, they 'have learned nothing and forgotten nothing."' According to this the Government, in conjunction with the Beef Trust, killed nearly if not.quite as many of its own soldiers as were killed by the Spaniards; and the American soldiers may expect, in case of war, to contend with a double enemy on the field of battle. Old Advice, but Still Good. "New York Journal." Stin Moses more than three thousand years ago, " Thou shalt not muzzle the ox when he treadeth out the corn." Although Moses lived in primitive times, he knew a good many things that are worth heeding, even now. The Trusts are gathering in tremendous harvests in these days. Their barns are bursting with golden grain. But they would have nothing if it were not for the patient workers that produce the wealth they monopolize. It would be not only good morals, but good policy for them to show a little consideration for the laboring oxen that tread out their corn. They can spare the few grains that fall on the ground. Let them not begrudge the morsels the ox can snatch on his treadmill round.  Trifles in the way of decent wages and humane treat-ment go a good way in the promotion of docility. And oxen, you know, even tame ones, are strong. They could do a good deal of damage to their Trust exploiters if they were unnecessarily exasperated. Better follow Moses. Is There a Connection Between Them? BELOW are two quotations from speeches made by different, men, at different times, and at,  widely separated places. The writer finds it impossible to think of one of these utterances without thinking of the other. Read them carefully and see if you can account for this fact:ŠPresident McKinley at the Home Market Edmund Burke at the Club in Boston, Feb. 16, 1899. Trial of Warren Host- "Why read ye not.  the changeless truth, inns, Feb. 19, 1788. The free can conquer but to save. "If we can benefit these remote peoples, who will object? If in the years of the future they are estab-lished in government under law and liberty, who will regret our perils and sacrifices? Who will not rejoice in our heroism and humanity? Always perils, and always after them safety; always darkness and clouds, but always shining through them the light and sunshine; always cost and sacrifice, but always after them the fruition of liberty, education, and civilization. "I have no light or knowledge not common to my countrymen. I do not prophesy. The present is all-absorbing to me, but I can-not bound my vision by the blood-stained trenches around Manila, where every red drop, whether from the veins of an American soldier or a misguided Filipino, is anguish to my heart; but by the broad range of future years, when that group of islands, under the im-pulse of the year just past, shall have become the gems and glories of those tropical seas; a land of plenty and of increasing possibili ties; a people redeemed from sav-age indolence and habits, devoted to the arts of peace, in touch with the commerce and trade of all na-tions, enjoying the blessings of freedom, of civil and religious lib-erty, of education and of homes, and whose children and children's children shall for ages hence bless the American Republic because it emancipated and redeemed their fatherland and set them in the way of the world's best civiliza-tion." JOHN D. BRADLEY. "LIBERTY is always suppressed in the name of lib-erty." "My lords, it is cer-tain that even tyr-anny itself may find some specious color, and appear as a more severe and rigid execution of justice. Religious persecution may shield itself un-der the guise of a mistaken and over-zealous piety. Con-quest may cover its baldness with its own laurels, and the am-bition of the con-queror may be hid in the secrets of his own heart under a veil of benevolence, and make him im-agine he is bringing temporary desola-tion upon a country, only to promote its ultimate ad vantage and his own glory." 