THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 367 NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. THE Mail and Express says of the continuance of violence at Homestead, on Sunday, November 13: " The strikers violated the laws of both God and man by making an attack Sunday on seven colored men employed in the Carnegie mills " It follows, then, that if the attack had been made on Monday only the law of man would have been violated. Does this mark the limit of com-prehension of the Mail and Express as to the scope of the law of God ? THE Christian Cynosure, in reference to the ac-tion of the World's Fair Board of Directors in asking Congress to remove the Sunday closing re- striction, -says :Š So far as the opening of the Fair on Sundays is concerned, it will require an act of CongressŠthe same Congress, too, that enacted the Sunday clos-ing lawŠto remove the restriction. That august body may be cajoled into rescinding its former action, but no sane man can discover any reason why it should so signally disgrace itself. That which is really difficult to find out is why it should have so signally disgraced itself as to have passed the proviso in the first place. ON Monday, November 14, two women and four-teen men were brought before Justice Duffy charged with having violated the Sunday law by sewing in Jacob Taylor's tailor-shop on Pelham Street. The report says that Justice Duffy dis-charged them with an "admonitory lecture for having violated the Sabbath law." This is the second wholesale arrest of this kind. Does it mean that systematic persecution for Sunday work has begun in New York City ? These arrests have been entirely of Hebrews who respect the seventh day Sabbath of the commandment and not the first day American Sunday. There is something more than a coincidence in this. IN the Maryland Code, Volume 1, article 27, page 538, is this paragraph:Š SECTION 247. No person whatsoever shall work or do any bodily labor on the Lord's day, com-monly called Sunday; and no person having children or servants shall command, or wittingly or willingly suffer, any of them to do any manner of work or labor on the Lord's day (works of ne-cessity and charity always excepted), nor shall suffer or permit any children or servants to profane the Lord's day by gaming, fishing, fowling, hunt-ing, or unlawful pastime or recreation; and every person transgressing this section, and being thereof convicted before a justice of the peace, shall for-feit five dollars, to be applied to the use of the county. To this there is no exemption for those who ob-serve another day. Under this section of the Mary-land Code Mr. John Judefind, a farmer, and a Seventh-day Adventist, living near Rock Hall, Md., has been arrested for husking corn on Sun-day, and fined five dollars and costs, the extent of the penalty provided. The prosecuting witness in the case was a Meth- odist minister named Roe, of the village of Rock Hall. Mr. Judefind was quietly husking his corn, several hundred yards from the road, when this Methodist minister, seeing him, went immediately before a justice and swore out a warrant for his arrest for "husking corn on this day (Sunday)." The case has been appealed to the spring term of the Circuit Court, and will come up again in April. THE Mail and Express has this to say in regard to the expressed wish of the Board of Directors to open the gates of the Exposition on Sunday:Š The World's Fair Directors, in passing at their regular meeting yesterday, a resolution favoring the opening of the World's Fair gates on Sunday, have but bid defiance to public opinion. This action will be repudiated by the American people, and those who have been selected to represent them in this important matter will resolutely re- sist its consummation. This is a question that so vitally involves all that we cherish as most essen-tial to our happiness and prosperity as a people, that to compromise in the least degree would be turning recreant to every dictate of duty and every obligation of honor. What does the Mail and Express think is "pub-lic opinion " ? Who does it think are " the Amer-ican people " ? What does it think is " duty " and " honor " ? Such imperfect, erroneous, and arro-gant ideas expressed with a simplicity which shows that they are the natural product of a mind where there is no room for anything else, it would seem, could only come from that poor man before whom both gods and men are powerless. By a vote of twenty-six to four the Directors of the World's Fair have passed resolutions express-ing their views upon Sunday closing. So far as they relate directly to this subject they are as fol- lows :Š We believe that while the period of the Exposi-tion is limited by law, the people should not be prohibited from visiting the same Sundays during the life of said Exposition. It is our judgment that the Exposition should be open Sunday, under such rules and regulations as will prohibit the use of machinery, unnecessary manual labor, and all merchandising, and at the same time give opportunity for the study of the highest standard of artistic and mechanical sci-ence; that the Art Gallery, the Horticultural Building, and all other buildings in which exhibits of mechanical art are exhibited should be thrown open to the public on each and every day during the entire time of the Exposition ; also that each employee should be given one day of each week for rest, study, or recreation. We believe that the study on Sunday of such exhibits of science and art and of the skill and genius of the artisan, will not only be of inestimable educational advantage, but that the thoughts of the visitors will be lifted above these creative agencies to the great Creator of things useful and beautiful. We further believe that on each Sunday after-noon there should be held within the Exposition grounds religious services so arranged that each of our religious organizations may have a Sunday set apart for its particular service, under the con-trol and direction of its most prominent clergy-men, with songs and anthems in the best form of sacred music. Our original plans embraced a large hall capable of seating 7,000 people for this use Sunday. We believe that the closing of the Exposition Sundays will deprive millions of our people of these advantages. We believe that the closing of the Exposition Sunday would, in many instances, be in violation of the spirit of hospitality which has character-ized our invitation to foreign nations. We further believe that the citizens of the sev-eral States shiould have the privilege of visiting, Sunday, the temporary buildings or homes within the Exposition grounds, erected by their respective States, for the free interchange of thought and social amenities. Therefore, be itŠ Resolved, That the foregoing preambles and re-citals be and are adopted by the Board of Directors as expressing its best judgment upon the matter of Sunday closing during the Exposition. In the course of the discussion of the resolutions it was stated that of seven hundred replies to let-ters upon this subject, from the Directory to prom-inent people in the larger cities of the country, five hundred and fifty were in favor of Sunday opening. In reference to the question, in its present situa- tion, the Chicago Tribune says :Š As the matter now stands the Fair can not be thrown open- to visitors on Sundays except by ac-tion of Congress. Some of the directors said yes-terday that if Congress were invited to take such a step it was not improbable that antagonistic members would make a motion looking to the re-peal of the entire appropriation bill. Other direct-ors think, however, that Congress would not be so foolish as to vote in such a way. The appropri-ation already granted is regarded as a contract, and the Supreme Court, they say, would not up-hold a law which would abrogate the obligations entered into because of the appropriation bill. Already petitions have been circulated exten-sively asking for the repeal of the Sunday closing clause. Exposition officials of both the Directory and National Commission think that the last Con-gress did not act on conviction, but voted in ac-cordance with the petitions of a vast number of  Christian workers. Subsequently it has been shown that less than 25 per cent. of the people of the United States were represented in these peti-tions. The majority of citizens did not think it worth while to memorialize Congress, believing it would not take the step it did. Friends of Sunday opening say that the mistake in such a belief having been demonstrated, the people who did not act before are asserting themselves, and that the next Congress will receive petitions bearing mil-lions of signatures, all asking that the Exposition be opened Sundays. The question of the vitiation of contracts pre-viously entered into is one which Congress and others should have thought of before ever consid-ering the Sunday closing proviso at all. However, the first and necessary principles upon which this whole matter rightfully rests are totally ignored in these resolutions; as they are also by the asso-ciation which has been formed in Chicago with the avowed object of promoting Sunday opening. It can not be possible that these men are unaware of the correct principles upon which they should take their position. Why do they avoid them ? On Which Side Are You? - THE editorial expressions reprinted beneath have all had their origin in a consideration of the cases of persecution in Tennessee, which THE SENTINEL has recounted from time to time. This is a matter upon which none can avoid the responsibility of an opinion. Sooner or later all must take sides, and will. It is a pertinent ques-tion, " On which side are you ?" PERSECUTION. In every case the majorities rule, and we trust in this one the helpless minority will abide by the decision of the mighty majority, and that we all may come together in Christian love and fellowship as laid down by Christ in his teach-ings, "If you love me, keep my commandments." Š The Milford Nebraskan, October 6. Man is allowed, in this coun-try, to worship God as he chooses, provided he does not violate a statutory law in do-ing so. The Sunday law does not force him to work on Sat-urday any more than any other day, and he who works on Sunday violates a civil law and should therefore suffer its pen-alties; not in the light of reli-gious persecution, but because the Sunday law is made for all alike, irrespective of religious convictions. Down with the idea that the Sunday law in this country has anything to do with religious liberty.Š The Troy Times, Troy, Ind., Oc-tober 8. We have received from the National Religious Liberty As-sociation, letters and circulars wanting us to condemn the action of punishing men for violating the Sabbath by work-ing in the fields and elsewhere. When a man pretends to be-come a Christian, he knows what nine-tenths of the Chris-tian world regard as the Chris-tian Sabbath, and when he tries to defy the majority of nine to one, he is most likely seeking notoriety, and if he attains that notoriety by being sentenced to the chain-gang, let him serve out his sentence and then turn to be a Christian in deed and in truth.ŠMae-elenny Sentinel, Macclenny, Fla., October 5. It is impossible to attempt the defense of reli-gious laws without a display of either ignorance or bigotry, or both. This fact is made plainer than ever by these extracts. A most excellent purpose is served by this agitation. Those who express themselves bigotedly or ignorantly may sometimes see their own errors when presented clearly before their eyes in cold type. Again, while they them-selves may not, others will. Cry aloud, and spare not. LIBERTY. It is a piece of Sabbatic leg islation and of religious perse-cution of which even the Dark Ages and the Spanish Inquisi-tion might have been ashamed. That it could have taken place in America and in the last decade of the nineteenth cen-tury seems almost beyond be-lief.ŠThe Golden Rule, Cin-cinnati, Ohio, October 8. It seems incredible that at this enlightened age such fan-aticism should be allowed to exist. Religious conviction is a matter in which only indi-vidual conscience is concerned. No matter what faith a man may choose to worship, or if he chooses none at all, the re-sponsibility rests alone with him. If a man chooses to ob-serve a certain day in the week as his Sabbath and works on other days, it is no one's busi-ness except his own, and such a law as they have in Tennes-see is an outrage against the Constitution of the United States.ŠThe Pioneer Grip, Al-liance, Nebr., September 89. It is hard to believe that in this day and age there should be such religious persecution tolerated in a free country, and the sooner an appeal is taken to the highest tribunal and the liberty of conscience defined and supported, the bet-ter for all, and especially the State of Tennessee. It would be but an act of justice for the imprisoned men to sue for damages, and heavy ones, for false and unconstitutional im-prisonment. And they should be able to recover them, and the people of the State would learn that they can not go be-yond certain limits in making their laws.ŠThe Republican, Clinton, Ind., September 80. 