"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, / JUDGE HIM NOT: F01? / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD." Vol. 11, No. 3. NEW YORK, JANUARY 30, 1896. Price, three cents.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, 1. - EDITORS. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - ASSISTANT EDITOR. A LESSON FOR KINGS AND RULERS. T the present time a strong and persistent effort is being made in our country by numer-ous and powerful " reform" organizations, to secure from the various departments of government a recognition of Jesus Christ as king and ruler of nations. The following words voiced by the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union in National Convention in 1887, furnish good evidence upon this point:Š The Woman's Christian Temperance Union, local, State, national, and world-wide, has one vital, organic thought, one all-absorbing purpose, one undying enthusiasm; and that is that Christ shall be this world's king;Šyea, verily, this world's king in its realm of cause and effect,Šking of its courts, its camps, its commerce.Šking of its colleges and clois-ters,Šking of its customs and constitutions. . . . The kingdom of Christ must enter the realm of law through the gateway of politics. It need only be added that such powerful organizations as the Society of Christian En-deavor, the Epworth League, King's Daugh-ters, etc., are working as earnestly as the W. C. T. U. to bring the kingdom of Christ into the "realm of law through the gateway of politics," or by the gateway of the ballot-box. This being true, what can be more impor-tant than that those invested with civil au-thority should understand the method by which God himself designs to establish the kingdom of Christ in visible form upon this earth; lest without such knowledge they be led into working at cross-purposes with the plans of Providence. It is true, the National Reform Association and other religious organizations have under-taken to enlighten them upon this point; but one chief danger of the situation is that they will accept the dictum of these organizations without verifying their statements by an appeal to the highest source of information. Already our legislators have shown an alarm- ing willingness to be guided by the traditional maxim that " the voice of the people is the voice of God," and to seek no higher author-ity for enacting religious legislation. But the ScripturesŠnot the peopleŠvoice the will of God. And that divine Word is not without its instruction to kings and rulers as well as to the common people, concerning the fulfillment of the divine purpose em-bodied in the kingdom of Christ. There is a valuable lesson of this kind in the second Psalm. That is a psalm of the kingship of Christ. As such it is worth the careful study of, every person. It is our purpose to consider briefly its statements. " Why do the heathen rage, and the people imagine a vain thing ? The kings of the earth set themselves, and the rulers take coun-sel together, against the Lord, and against his Anointed, saying, Let us break their bands asunder, and cast away their cords from us." What are the "bands " and " cords " of the Lord and his Anointed? The question is answered in the eleventh chapter of Hosea. The Lord says: "When Israel was a child, then I loved him, and called my son out of Egypt. . . I drew them with cords of a man, with bands of love; and I was to them as they that take off the yoke on their jaws, and I laid meat unto them." Verses 1-4. As God drew his ancient people unto him-self, so he would draw all men. " For God so loved the world, that he gave his only be-gotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life."'  And, referring to his sacrifice, Jesus said: " I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me."' Also he said: " No man can come to me, except the Father which hath sent me draw him." All who do not resist this drawing will be drawn to God and be saved in his kingdom. Christ is the Anointed of God for this purpose. But not all men will be drawn to the Lord and his Anointed. There are many who say, " Let us break their bands asunder, and cast away their cords from us." God draws no one who is unwilling to be drawn. His bands are not riveted upon any; his cords may be cast off by whomever chooses to do so. There is no compulsion in the 'gospel of Christ. The Saviour came not to force men to walk in any path, but to draw JOhn 2  John 12: 32. 2  John 6: 44. them into the way of righteousness by the cords of his love. In no other way can fallen men be brought again into harmony with God. In this second Psalm, the kings and rulers of the earth are presented taking counsel together " against the Lord and against his Anointed." Their intentions evidently go further than a mere rejection of the gospel by themselves as individuals. As kings and rulers, their sentiments naturally find expres-sion in legislation. And as only the repre-sentatives of the Lord and his Anointed are visibly present on the earth, their purpose of throwing off the bands and cords of God must be directed against these representatives. Their aim is to put down those that are hold-ing out to all men the cords of God's love, as the best and only means of attaining to right-eousness and salvation. But what is the result of their counsel and their plans ? We are told, " He that sitteth in the heavens shall laugh: the Lord shall have them in derision." No effort against the purposes of God can prosper, even though it be backed by all the power and wisdom of the world. The Church of Christ will give her message, the gospel will do its work, regard-less of man's opposition. The project of earthly powers, devised by their wisdom, to stay the purposes of the Most High, is but folly, and a fit matter of derision to him; only it is a very serious matter for them. For " then shall he speak unto them in his wrath, and vex them in his sore displeasure." We are told concerning the kingdom of Christ in the prophecy of Isaiah: "For unto us a Child is born, unto us a Son is given; and the government shall be upon His shoul-der; and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace. Of the increase of His government and peace there shall be no end, upon the throne of David, and upon His kingdom, to order it, and to establish it with judgment and with justice from henceforth even for ever. The zeal of the Lord of Hosts will perform this." The zeal of men is not the means of the es-tablishment of Christ's kingdom. The second Psalm presents the same thought: " Yet have I set my King upon my holy hill of Zion. I will declare the decree: the Lord hath said 4  Isa. 9: 6, 7. 