"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, AUGUST 23, 1894. NUMBER 33.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE Ł PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, }. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A. F. BALLENGER, THE President of the United States has appointed a board of commission of " arbitration," in consequence of the Chi-cago strike. IN the way that this has been brought about, however, there could not be a more complete misnomer than to call it a board or commission, or anything else, of arbi-tration. 'THERE is not a single element of arbi-tration in it. For arbitration is " the hearing and determining of a controversy by a person or persons mutually agreed upon by the parties to the dispute." Now these persons have not been " mu-tually agreed upon by the parties to the dispute." There has been no sort of an agreement in the matter by the parties to the dispute. Indeed, only one of the parties to the dispute called for it or had anything to do with it in any way. This board or commission, or whatever it is called in that respect, therefore, is entirely lacking in the very first elements that attach to a board or commission of arbi-tration. INDEED, the idea of any mutual agree-ment or action on the part of the parties to the dispute seems not to be contem-plated in the act of Congress under which this commission is appointed. For .the act provides that " the services of the commission to be ordered at the time by the President, and constituted as herein provided, may be tendered by the President for the purpose of settling a controversy such as contemplated, either on his own motion or upon the application of one of the parties to the controversy, or upon the: application of an executive of a State." Thus it is clear that there is no such thing as a mutual agreement of the parties to the.  dispute respecting who shall be the arbi-trator, nor even that there shall be an  arbitration of the controversy at all. The appointment of the commission and the tendering of its offices may come alto-gether from the outside, and the nearest that it gets to the parties is that it may be appointed and tendered upon the applica-tion of one of the parties to the dispute. Thus in any and every phase the proce-dure lacks every element of arbitration. Yet for all this lack, the commission has been appointed ; it is called a commission of arbitration, and is expected to have, indeed, " shall have," " all the powers and authority given in section 2 to a board of arbitration "! Now, if the action of this board is to have any force whateverŠwhether its decision is to be enforced by the power of the Government upon .the party adjudged by it to be in the wrong, or whether it is to ,be only by the " moral influence " of the weight of the Government in favor of the other party, putting the party adjudged to be in the wrong to the disad-vantage of publicly disagreeing with the national Government; in either case the result can be only dictation instead of arbitration. If the decision of the com-mittee is not intended to have any real .force either governmental or moral, then the procedure amounts simply to a piece of .meddling which in itself is suggestive of dictatorship. But it may be asked, Shall the Government do nothing ? An-swer : The Government, State or national, as the case may be, shall see to it that all parties shall keep the peace in all respects, whatever their differences or disputes may be. This the governmental power may do and keep itself and all others in place. YET there is no doubt that the decision of this commission is intended to have force of some sort, and that, apparently, in no small measure. And as the com-mission, with the procedure altogether, is totally lacking in the elements of arbitra-tion, whatever force it may exert will be nothing else than the assertion of the principle of dictation. This is true also in another way; because it is intended by those who are engineering this that if this does not bring the desired result then the next step is to be legislation establishing " compulsory arbitration " in so many  words. But compulsory arbitration is a contradiction in terms. The very sugges-tion of compulsh n destroys all idea of arbitration. The only word that will properly express the idea of " compulsory arbitration " is the plain and simple word dictation. This plain and simple word, however, is rather too strong to start with, and so it must be covered up with the self-contradictory expression, "compul-sory arbitration;" and even to this the way must be smoothed by the practice of a pretended arbitration that is not arbi-tration at all in any true sense of the word. WITH the action of the committee, how-ever, we have nothing to do. It matters not which way it decides nor what it does. It is the establishment of the principle and the fixing of the precedent, with which we are concerned; it is this and this only that we are discussing. It is the logical tendency of this sort of " arbitra-tion " that we desire to trace. We are simply inquiring what is wrapped up in this thing, and what therefore must inev-itably come out of it. IT is worth remarking that this idea, and practice of " arbitration " is not in-tended nor expected to put an end to strikes. In fact, it is the doctrine of one of the chiefest of the leaders of organized labor that without contention there can be no arbitration, and without a strike there can be no contention. In remarking upon the appointment of this committee by President Cleveland, Mr. Gompers, the president of the American Federation of Labor, said :Š If President Cleveland has made any stipulation that the strike should be called off as a preliminary, he has made arbitration impossible; for that means the attainment of a settlement between contending forces, and after the strike ceases the contention has ceased. According to this doctrine, and accord-ing to all the probabilities in the case, there is no room for doubt that strikes will continue, and continue to increase in extent and violence, as they have done ever since labor-unions were first organ-ized in this country. CONSIDER, then, that strikes will con-tinue, and that this kind- of " arbitration" - EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. 