HIE (3,MPLETE EST-Poi SET 11BRARY WITH GRATITUDE TO GOD FORThEBROTHERHOODOFMAN APRIL 19, 189-1. AMI10 CAIN-  STINTPIL'II MOIL. 135 by nearly every persecuting sect, from the time of Christ to the present, is with-out a shadow of ground hi fact. It is that the individual's own health and longevity is promoted by one day's rest in seven. To compel rest on this ground is against the simplest principle of civil liberty, which is, according to the defini-tion in "Century Dictionary ": "National liberty so far restrained by human laws, and so far only, as is necessary and expe-dient for the public good." But these Sunday laws on civil grounds are for the individual's own good, and not for the public. In " Webster's Unabridged Dic-tionary " it is said 1 " A restraint of nat-ural liberty, not necessary or expedient for the public, is tyranny or oppression." The State has no more right to compel every one to rest on Sunday for their own good than to compel every one to take a dose of spring bitters at a stated time for their own good. The welfare of "the poor toiler," upon whom so much sympathy has been ex-pended by the Sunday law advocates, does not weigh a feather when it comes in con-tact with the sanctity of thesday. A large proportion of the " poor toilers " in our large towns and cities are confined closely during the week, and nothing can be more healthful to those who are indiffer-ent to Sunday sacredness than such public amusement as baseball, excursions, etc., which are opposed by the Sunday Protec-tive League because of the sacredness which they attach to the day. A " Chris-tian patriotism," to be worthy of the name, to be consistent, ought to be broad enough to oppose all compulsion in reli-gious matters. It is, however, so much more agreeable to the feelings of some to see others compelled to conform to their ideas of right than to be compelled to do what the " other fellow " thinks is right. The Golden Rule is not taken into account. The only proper relation of the State to religion is to protect every one in all of their religious observances so far as they do not infringe on the rights of their neighbors, but never to uphold and en-force observance to a religious institution or doctrine.ŠGeorge B. Wheeler, in Bos-ton Herald. Contradictory Paragraphs. UNDER the head of " Sabbath Reform" the Theocrat, of Johnstown, Pa., publishes these contradictory paragraphs :Š Eleven nations were represented in a convention the German Emperor called together, and they unani-mously demanded a day of rest. The newly-appointed postmasters of Pittsburg and Allegheny formally took possession of their offices on Sabbath, April 1st. A new railroad between St. Croix and Yverdon in Switzerland was dedicated at its opening by religious services. One of the conditions for building the road was that no train should be run on Sabbath. Ł Sabbath, April 1st, was made children's day at the Midwinter Fair, and an immense number was present. The total admissions were 90,907 for the day, making, it is said, the largest number of persons ever assembled in one place west of the Rocky Mountains. The claim of the electric street railway of Kingston, Canada, to the right to run cars on Sabbath is being earnestly opposed by the citizens. The mayor seems to side with the citizens. After many years of hard fighting, the Sabbath opening of picture galleries in London has just been conceded by the Common Council, but only through the casting vote of Lord Mayor. The council stood eighty-eight in favor and eighty-eight against the mo-tion, and it was amid much excitement that the Lord Mayor gave his casting vote. A motion to rescind the resolution will probably come up at the next meeting. A petition of 251 citizens favoring the passage of the Blair Sunday rest bill was presented to the House of Representatives last week. Not only are the contradictions elicited  here suggestive, but also the breadth of territory and number of nations covered. Let the thoughtful mind consider within how short a time all this agitation has sprung up. Ł -0- Ł Postal Regulation. UNDER the head, "General Rules for Postmasters in the Conduct of Their Offices,ŠDays and Hours of Business," speaking of when the mail arrives on Sunday, the Postal Department directs:Š If it be received during the time of public worship' the opening of the office should be delayed until services have closed. . . Sunday-school services are net to be regarded as "public worship," within the contemplation of the regulations. So we see that the United States Gov-ernment, in this respect, takes it upon itself to determine what is public worship and what is not. S. H. CARNAHAN. Christianity and Patriotism. THE man who is a Christian will be a good citizen and the best of patriots. That is, he will have a love for his country which will lead him to do nothing to her injury, but all for her good. He will give his life, if need be, to save the souls of those who dwell therein. But, as a Chris-tian, he cannot give his allegiance to prin-ciples of injustice, intolerance, or iniquity in any form. And if the government under which he is a citizen becomes a party to intolerance, his higher allegiance to Christ will demand that he shall protest against it. Love of country and people will demand it. And yet this very stand for righteousness and truth is ever in great crises misunderstood, and the hero is con-demned. Jesus Christ loved Judea and Jerusalem, as none other ever did, but he was condemned as her enemy. Elijah was the truest patriot in Israel, but he was called a troubler. Roger Williams breathed the pure principles of the liberty of the gospel, and would have made a most ear-nest patriot had he been permitted a home in Massachusetts, but he was driven hence by that people, who considered themselves to be the only patriots and only Chris-tians, but who knew neither patriotism nor Christianity as taught in the religion of Christ. Do not be deceived. The patriotism of the world is not Christianity, nor will it save a soul. Christianity is not the pa-triotism of the world; it is much more. It places Christ first, and all things earthly secondary and subsidiary; but it will labor more earnestly, and make greater sacrifices for mankind, yea, even its own enemies, than the most ardent patriotism ever knew. Tt is not patriotism, Protestantism, Christianity, nor is it Protestantism, pa-triotism, Christianity, but it is Christian-ity, Protestantism, patriotism; and both of the latter, in the truest sense, are found in the former.ŠSigns of the Times. N7E-NV IJ rt, yr ILI Et  1 k r. Through Palace Cars to the Pacific Coast. The West Shore Railroad in connection with the Nickel Plate and Rock Island routes have established a through Tourist Car Line, making weekly trips to California at extraordinary low rates. These excursions are under the personal supervision of Mr. A. Phillips, who has had several years' experi-ence in the tourist business, and he or his representa-tive accompanies each excursion en route. For detailed information apply to any ticket agent of the West Shore Railroad. THE COMPLETE VEST- POCKET LIBRARY STANDS PRE-EMINENT, In that while it is no larger than the average of such books, and of convenient size to carry in the vest-pocket, it gives, besides other useful information, THE CORRECT SPELLING AND PRONUNCIATION OF 45,863 WORDS, OR ABOUT TWICE AS MANY AS ANY SIMILAR WORK. As its name indicates, it is much more than a dictionary. It contains:- 1. THE COLUMBIAN WORD BUILDER, a very simple and yet exceedingly useful device which more than doubles the capacity of the dictionary. 2. GUIDE TO PRONUNCIATION. 3. A VERY FULL LIST OF ABBREVIATIONS. 1. THE COLUMBIAN PRONOUNCING DICTIONARY AND SPELLER (135 pages). 5. THE COLUMBIAN PRONOUNCING AND STATISTI-CAL GAZETTEER OF THE WORLD. 6. THE COLUMBIAN DIGEST OF PARLIAMENTARY PRACTICE. 7. THE COLUMBIAN RAPID CALCULATOR, AND COM-PEND OF BUSINESS AND SOCIAL FORMS. 8. THE COLUMBIAN PERPETUAL MEMORANDUM, STAMP BOOK AND THREE YEARS' Calendar, 9. TABLES OF WEIGHTS AND MEASURES. The whole forms a book only 5% by 2% inches mid only three-eighths of an inch thick. In Leather, 50e; Cloth, 25c. Address Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. THE PARLIAMENT OF RELIGIONS. This wink 's complete in one large octavo volume, and is a careful compi atoll of all of the proceedingsŠat once a fascin-ating story and a book of universal value. The book gives the origin of the Parliament of Religions; proceedings of every meeting of the Parliament; speeches delivered and papers read at every session of the noted gathering: the beliefs of the various religious denominations; opinions of eminent divines in regard to the Parliament; influence of the Parliament upon the religious thought of the world. Published by F. T. Neely, Chicago. 1 000 pages. Price: Cloth, $2.50. We have made arrangements with the publisher so that we can offer this book to our subscribers, together WITH THE AMERICAN SENTINEL FOR $2.75, only 25 cents more than the price of the book alone. This offer applies to either new subscriptions or to renewals. We will, supply this book alone at the regular plice, $2.50. This book is not offered because we approve the Parliament of Religions, but because it is a history of one of the most re-markable and significant religious gatherings ever held. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 