492 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Notes from the Field. COLORADO. DURING the last few weeks the smelter employees throughout the State have been, and are still out on a strike, which has been brought about by nearly all of the smelters going into a trust, and laying down such rules as were considered too oppressive by the working-men of the Smelters' Union. Both the trust and the union are very determined in their demands upon each other, so much so that the present indications are not very favorable for an early settlement of the difficulty. In Durango and many other towns the families of the strikers are suffering severely. Business is prostrated, and the outlook is a sad one. "This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come." And all this because "men are lovers of their own selves." 0, how easily all this trouble could be avoided if men would love God with all the heart, and his neighbor as himself. G. W. ANGLEBARGER. Durango, July 30. WASHINGTON. ROCKFORD.ŠThree weeks ago the pastor of the Pres-byterian church in this town preached a Sabbath-ser-mon. He stated that at their last conference their min-isters were requested to preach upon that subject once a year. And now he wished to comply with the request. He preached a straight Sabbath-sermon with the excep-tion of saying Sunday a few times instead of Sabbath. He stated that the Sabbath dated back to creation, was placed in the center of the moral law, and the Sabbath or fourth commandment could not be set aside except the whole law should be abolished. Further, he said that the Sabbath was the founda-tion of true religion and of the success of individuals, communities and nations. Then referring to the lead-ing civilized nations in the world, he boldly declared hat their success and attainments were solely due to their faithfulness in Sabbath (Sunday) keeping. Thus we see how the people are being instructed that Sunday-keeping is the salvation of both themselves and the nation. A. G. CHRISTIANSON. ARIZONA. 'PHCENIX.ŠDuring the past winter, just before the leg-islature assembled, a bill was presented to the people, prepared for the legislature, requesting it to provide for the better observance of Sunday as the Lord's day. Petitions accompanied this bill. A separate bill was presented for closing saloons on Sunday. This was killed in the House, and the other did not receive a hear-ing. During this time we had distributed tracts upon the subject through the page. The leading paper in the ty gave a column to an article I prepared against the  bill. This was printed the day before the saloon bill was presented. About the 1st of April petitions were handed to the different clergymen in the city for the removal of band concerts from the.City Hall plaza, on the ground that the petitioners were disturbed. I explained why we could not sign it. Our church is some distance from the square, and our meetings are held on the seventh day, not Sunday. The concerts are still given there. Only one church was anywhere near enough to be disturbed, and I could not see how there could be a disturbance of all the churches. This is a western town, but still there is a growing sentiment which must soon effectually abridge religious liberty. J. E. EVANS. VERMONT. BARRIE, July 24.ŠThere was held last evening in this city, in the Hedding Methodist Church, a meeting of the Young Peoples' Society of Christian Endeavor, to consider "the proper observance of the Lord's day" or Sunday. Quite a goodly number were present to parti-cipate in the discussion of the matter, especially those who believe .that the State should define and enforce Sunday keeping. The pastor was present, and being a man of brains and influence, of course his suggestions had weight. He took special pains to read the statute of Vermont on Sunday desecration, calling attention to Sections 4315, 4316, of the revised code. In the course of his remarks the pastor said that "it was not legislation that was needed so much as examplefrom the leaders of the cause, as the greatest desecration did not come from the world, but from religious people." The pastor evidently saw a weakness in the logic of supporting first-day observance by applying Scripture, that had no reference whatever to that day. To explain this weakness he said:Š "After the resurrection of Christ the Christian Church changed the day from the seventh to the first day, and by that changed the letter but not the spirit."(!) But the pastor did not tell what church that "Christian Church" was that made the change. No! That would not do. Well, there is one sure thing: if the pastor and his flock accept the change and take that day which was substituted for the God-given day, it shows that there is a harmonious agreement between them and the "Chris-tian Church" that made the "change." And every in-telligent student of history and Bible lore knows if they have studied the subject, that it was the papacy that made that "change;" and on that basis and that alone does all Sunday-keeping and religious legislation rest. All the testimonies given and prayers offered at this meeting conveyed the impression that when the power of the State fell into the hands of that society, religious liberty and freedom of conscience would be things of the past. GRANT ADKINS. 