OCTOBER 18, 1894. A.TWIDEIELIC.A.fiT SIETkrrIN1I1,.. 325 except by the socialists, who as yet do not count. The Boulangist agitation revealed the fact that the masses of the people crave for a strong government which must of necessity lean upon the chiirch; and. though Boulanger is dead, Boulangism is still aliveŠi. e., the reactionary tendency which must end in clerical rule. In Germany, statistics show that the Roman Catholic population increases in the Protestant parts of the country. The ktaturkampf (war against Rome) has been abandoned long ago, while it was but re-cently that the young Protestant emperor was seen at the Vatican paying his respects to Leo XIII. Even in the Slavonic countries, sub-mitted to the Greek Church, Rome is making some progress. For the first time an ambassador of the Vatican is accredited to the court of the czar, who persecutes the Stundists to death. And a party for reunion to Rorie is said to exist in the Orthodox Churoh. What are the causes of this recrudes-cence of Romanism ? In Protestant countries we are afraid the main cause is the weakness and loss of power of the Evangelical churches. As they have grown rich and prosperous, the Protestants have forsaken, to a great extent, that puritanic spirit which was the strength of the Reformation. From their primitive simplicity of worship they have come down to elaborate services, beautiful and luxurious buildings which are imita-tions of Roman Catholic mediaeval archi-tecture, and thus have led their sons and daughters to the very threshold of Rome, with which Protestants will never be able to compete, try as they may, for finery, music, and display. Moreover, it is sadly evident that, in Great Britain especially, the work of the Reformation did not go deep enough, and that many Romish er-rorsŠsuch as baptismal regeneration and apostolic succession Š were left in the prayer-book as seeds for future apostasy. Wherever a notion of a visible universal church is entertained, logic must lead to the Roman Catholic position. But we believe that the main cause of this reaction toward Rome in Protestant lands lies in the fact that the Bible does not hold in those countries the same place that it did three centuries ago. Then people turned away from the infallibility of a man to the infallible Book; but now the Book is no more deemed infallible; the " higher " criticism has submitted it to an ordeal as severe as that of the Inquisition in times past. The Inquisition burned the Bible, but the higher critics are tear-ing it to pieces. And yet there is a crav-ing in the human soul, and especially in the soul which has come into contact with the gospel, for a moral certainty, for a divine, infallible authority. We know a case of a distinguished woman, the wife of a French pastor, whose faith was shat- tered by what she overheard of her hus-band's conversations with his colleagues on the Bible and its so-called inaccuracies. Intensely religious, the poor woman, thus deprived of her faith in the Bible, found at last what she thought to be a blessed certitude in the fold of Rome, and for ten years before her husband's death she was a Romanist without any one knowing it but her husband and her confessor! Lately, however, she returned to the pure gospel, confessing on her dying bed that Rome had not given her the promised peace, and she died trusting in Christ as her Saviour. In France the reasons for this revival of Catholicism are many. The first is, the shallowness and powerlessness of what is called " free thought," with which, at one time, our leading politicians had foolishly hoped to replace the old superstitions. People will rather eat decayed food than nothing. " Free thought," materialism, positivism, agnosticism, or whatever name modern infidelity assumes, is nothing. It gives no hope for the future, no strength for the present. Under the secular influ-ence of the schools a new generation has grown, utterly ignorant of God, and tre-mendously materialistic. Learning has not been the panacea which it had been hoped it would be. Crime, drunkenness, lawlessness, have increased in proportion with the number of schools. There have been more divorces in France during the past five years than in England in thirty years. Illegal unions are numerous, in-fanticide common, and there is a decrease in the population of about twenty thousand souls every year. No wonder that those who think and who retain some love for virtue are afraid of such a state of things, and, for want of a better one, appeal to the Roman Cath-olic religion as the only power which can stay this tide of immorality, of which she has been the main factor. Another cause of the Roman Catholic reaction in France is the marvelous skill of the present pope in adapting himself to modern phraseology and aspirations. History shows us that " Rome never changes," and yet, serpent like, it has a wonderful ability to change its appear-ance, to insinuate itself in the confidence and love of the peoples by a seeming con-cession on almost every point of impor-tance to them. The republican form of government, for instance, seems to have rooted itself in the French soil, and to have become a permanent institution in this country; the pope has issued com-mands to the French bishops that hence-forth they should accept the established government, and not identify themselves, as they had done before, with the dead-and-gone monarchies. What is called the "question sociale"Ši. e., the questions of capital and labor, of rich and poorŠis agitating the minds of our people, as everywhere. The pope has carefully pre-pared an encyclical letter on the question full of liberal sentiments and evangelical utterances; and a host of Roman Catholic lecturers and journalists, priests and lay-men . . . have gone to work among the masses with the aim of forming a Socialist-Catholic party. Thus we may foresee the most stupendous combination that could ever have been dreamed, and which, if really consummated, will be full of danger to the future of the worldŠthe marriage of red democracy with papacy, the beast whose deadly wounds have been healed, at least in appearance, and which seems as strong as it ever has been. (Conclusion next week.) IF I had the least idea of any difficulty resulting from the Constitution adopted by the convention of which I had the honor to be president when it was formed so as to endanger the rights of any reli-gious denomination, then I never should have attached my name to that instru-ment. If I had any idea that the general Government was so administered that liberty of conscience was endangered, I pray you be assured that no man would be more willing than myself to revise and alter that part of it, so as to avoid all religious persecution. You can without doubt remember that I have often ex-pressed my opinion, that every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is ac-countable alone to God for his religions faith, and should be protected in worship-ing God according to the dictates of his conscience.ŠGeorge Washington. Italy and the Pope. As was anticipated by this journal would be the case, the overtures, if such they can be called, of Signor Crispi to the Vatican have proved to be shot"-  lived. A London dispatch put forth with authority states that the doubt which was felt at first regarding the honesty of Premier Crispi's speech at Naples not only con-tinues but is being rapidly confirmed. It is explained that the pope was convinced that the speech was made with the inten-tion of drawing from the Vatican an ex-pression of the views entertained regarding the question of reconciliation, and there-fore he issued instructions to all Vatican officials to maintain the strictest reserve on that subject. The Catholic press also was advised to leave the matter untouched. It is further stated on the authority of an official at the Vatican, that the Curia is satisfied that Signor Crispi, finding that a tendency toward a reapproachment ex-isted between France and Germany and the Vatican, feared the isolation of Rah and hence sought a reconciliation with the Vatican. He has, it is stated, "been given to understand that the first condi Lion of such a step will be the restitutiob of Rome to the pope." Furthermor,  " when Signor Crispi found that his over-tures had resulted in failure he receded from the position he had taken and re-sumed his old attitude of hostility toward the Vatican." The church officials are said to consider that the incident consti-tutes a moral and political victory for the pope, and very naturally so. Such an abortive result was to be ex-pected. For while the pope would of course be glad to receive the $800,000 an-nual pension which the Italian govern-ment has appropriated for him regularly since May 13, 1871, but which he has steadfastly refused to accept, the pope will, it may safely be affirmed, continue to decline the pension so long as it is offered as condonement and satisfaction for seizing the pope's dominions, includ-ing the eternal city, and for the no ess scan. dalous work, to papal view, of overthrow-ing the pope's spiritual power as well, by overthrowing the monastic orders, abro-gating all chapters of collegiate churches, and abolishing all private benefices. When it is considered too that the capital value of the property which has accrued to the State by the temporal disestablish-ment of the pope exceeds $200,000,000 in value, it is easy to understand simply as a matter of finance the unwillingness of the pope to accept two-fifths of one per cent. interest on this amount. But beyond all this, the overthrow of the pope's temporal sway and the suppression of the religious orders are offenses to the Vatican which no monetary consideration can condone. What, then, is the situation to-day so far as the pope and the Italian govern-ment are concerned ? Obviously this : the pope is playing a waiting game. War is coming, and that war may result in. loss 