326 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. him, What shall we do, that we might work the works of God? Jesus answered and said unto them, This is the work of God, that ye believe on,him whom he hath sent." This faith draws the soul to God, subdues the heart to him, and moulds the whole life in the image of Jesus. RECEIVED BY FREE CHOICE. This faith is exercised, all its gifts are received, and all its fruits are manifested, at the free choice of the in-dividual himself alone, before Him who is the Author and the Finisher of the faith itself. For it is written, "1.1 any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge (condemn) him not ; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." Thus the Author of the true faith, of the faith of Jesus Christ, leaves every man absolutely free to accept or reject, to believe or not to believe his word. This is true Christianity. God is the Author of freedom of choice and freedom of thought in religion, and whoever in anything or in any degree whatever would invade this perfect freedom, thereby and therein supplants God, and Jesus Christ whom he bath sent. FALSE FAITH-FAITH OF THE CREED. There is another kind of belief, a false faith, which is from the side of man himself, otherwise called "the faith of the creed." This sort of faith is essentially hu-man, for the creed is only an invention of men. The creed being wholly an invention of men, and therefore only human, the faith of the creed is but the same. Being only human, it is utterly impotent to bring to men any shadow of virtue or power to take away sin or to renew the life ; and the only seeming virtue even that it can possibly have is but a form of godliness, a mere outward profession. This is false Christianity wherever found. FALSE FAITH BURNS MEN TO SAVE THEM. By its extreme conception of the importance of a man's belief of the creed to his eternal welfare, this false yet popular Christianity was led into the require-ment of such belief, elaborate and complicated beyond all precedent. If one may suffer eternally by reason of his wrong belief on one subject connected with the "hereafter," may he not probably so suffer in ,conse-quence of his wrong belief on some other subject in the same connection ? Obviously, the only way to "save" him with absolute certainty was to provide him with the right belief on every point that could be im-agined as possible to arise. This amiable desire gave birth to the long and mysterious "creeds," for the sake of which those who misunderstood them in one way plundered and shot and burned and ravished those who misunderstood them in another way, for hundreds and hundreds of years; for whose sake John Huss suf-fered, and Calvin burnt Servetus alive, and the Puri-tans murdered the "witches" and Quakers. Belief in the creed was held to be essential to sal-vation. But many could not be persuaded to believe the things laid down in the creed, nor even to say that they believed them. In dealing with such persons, the end was great enough to justify any means. The adap-tation of the means to the end was not seriously ques-tioned. The propagation of the "faith" was deliber-ately undertaken on the assumption that it could be shot into a man or burnt into him, or racked into him, and it was conducted on that hypothesis for hundreds of years ; and this notion still pervades popular Chris-tianity. IMPOSSIBLE TO CONVINCE THE MIND BY TORTURE. Such a conception of the psychological nature of belief would be wildly grotesque if the results had not been so full of misery to the race. The apparently fundamental principles that it is impossible to convince a man of any proposition by torturing him, since the reasoning faculty is not controlled by the body, but the reverse; that we can never really know what a man believes in the matter of religion, because we have no possible way of ascertaining this except from his assertions, and men may lie on this subje.ct as on oth-ers ; that persons capable of adhering to an abstraction in the face of a horrible death are just the manly, cour-ageous, faithful citizens most desirable in any com-munity, while acquiescence extorted by pain or terror is not only to be suspected of insincerity, but argues a weakling, if not a hypocrite, and in any event a lack of the highest attributes of human natureŠsuch simple truths as these were utterly beyond the grasp of intel-lects capable of persecuting for conscience's sake. PERSECUTORS MOVED BY SENSE OF DUTY. We may admit that Charlemagne and other "Chris-tian" princes disguised the greed of power under the cloak of religious zeal, and waged destructive wars against unoffending nations upon the pretense of anx-iety for their salvation. But a great deal of "Chris-tian" persecution was carried on in times of peace and within the domains of the civil authority which directed it ; and its victims were often men who were not sus-pected of any disposition to defy or ignore the gov-ernment. Political aggrandizement could form no in-ducement for the proceedings against such persons. The motive must be sought elsewhere. No doubt in many cases personal animosity, greed, lust, made their baleful influence felt ; and perhaps the proportion of such cases would be larger, could we sift the evidence at this late day. But conceding to such motives their utmost force, the fact remains that they could not have thus manifested themselves if the ostensible purpose of the deeds had not been one which commended itself to the public conscience of the times. No candid student of history will deny that many of 