" Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, AUGUST, 1886. NUMBER 8. TI2e An2eFical-2 erg ii 1. YIIELISHED MONTHLY, BY THB PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, OAL. Entered at the Post-office  in Oakland. LEGAL CHRISTIANITY is a solecism, a con-tradiction of terms. When Christianity asks the aid of government beyond mere impartial protection, it disowns itself. Its essential inter-ests lie beyond the reach and range of human governments. United with government, relig-ion never rises above the merest superstition; united with religion, government never rises above the merest despotism; and all history shows us that the more widely and completely they are separated the better it is for both.ŠSupreme Court of Ohio. A STATE church cannot well avoid fostering hypocrisy and worldliness; and mere intellect-ual advantages, without reference to character, are apt to push men into positions for which mere intellectual qualifications are insufficient. Where appointments and advancement are de-pendent upon secular authorities, influences will be brought to bear upon the clerical profession which tend toward the decay, rather than the awakening, of spiritual life.ŠH. H Boyeson, in Congregationalist. THE Catholic Monitor, of San Francisco, in an article relating how Catholics were persecuted by the Orangemen, after their organization in Ulster in the last century, says:Š " And this happened under the flag of Prot-estant England, a little over a century ago; yet the Catholic Church is held up to the world as the only ecclesiastical power that ever perse-cuted for conscience' sake I " Not so; we would not so single out the Cath- olic Church as the sole persecutor. Any eccle-siastical power, be it Protestant, Catholic, or Pagan, if joined with civil power, will persecute dissenters. It cannot be otherwise. The Cath- olic Church has been the greatest persecutor known in history, because it enjoyed the long- est period of union with, and supremacy over, the civil power. If it had never been able to use the secular power, its persecutions would never have been heard of. The Catholic Church from the time of Constantine until the sixteenth century is the model after which the Religious Amendmentists in the United States are work- ing; and if they shall gain their purpose, Prot-estant America will, from the very nature of the ease, persecute dissenters as vigorously as did Catholic France or Episcopal England. The Kingdom of Christ. IN our remarks upon the idea of the "Na-tionalReformers" concerning the "Republic of Is-rael," we denied their assertion that the seventy elders of Israel were a Congress, or a legislative body. We should go further, and deny that they were constituted a body in any sense whatever. They were inferior judges or jus-tices, each acting separately from the others. They were no more a Congress than are the justices of the peace in any of our States. They never deliberated or acted in an associated capacity. To call them a Congress, and Israel a Republic, is an abuse of history and of lan-guage. But we know not to what these pro-fessed Reformers will not resort to make plausi-ble their pretenses, and thus to compass their ends. And they err as greatly in their views of the prophecies concerning the kingdom of Christ as they do in regard to the history of the gov-ernment of Israel. Christianity was established as a national system; its redeemed will be " of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues" (Rev. 7 : 9), but no nation in the ag-gregate will ever be saved. Even Israel, a nation ruled directly by the Lord under inspired lead-ers and teachers, never developed a generation of sincere believers. In establishing the gospel, James said that God " did visit the Gentiles to take out of them a people for his name." Acts 15 : 14. It was necessary to have a separate people, with its priesthood and genealogies, both to represent in types the work of Christ, and to identify him as the seed of Abraham and the son of David, in fulfillment of the promises and the prophecies. But that ne-cessity no longer exists, and therefore Christ " hath broken down the middle wall of parti-tion" (Eph. 2: 14), putting no difference be-tween Jews and Gentiles (Acts 15 : 9), ordain-ing that "in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh righteousness, is accepted with him." Acts 10 : 35. The gospel of Christ is a gospel of faithŠof personal piety. And the work of faith is a work of preparation for ad-mittance to the kingdom of Christ; as Peter says " to them that have obtained like precious faith with us," that if they add to their faith the Christian graces, they shall never fall, " for so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ." See 2 Peter 1 : 1-11. It is a denial of every, principle of the gospel to talk of " Christ coming into his kingdom in the United States" by means of a popular vote or a Constitutional Amendment.  But so the amen dmentists talk, and for this they profess to be looking. They seem to entirely misapprehend the present position and work of the Saviour, and the nature of the authority which he now possesses by the gift of the Father. It is a fact plainly taught in the Scriptures that the Father, at different times, confers authority of an entirely different nature upon his Son: Christ himself makes an announcement of this fact when he speaks of his occupying two thrones at different times, and for different ob-jects. We refer to Rev. 3 : 21, where Jesus testifies thus to John: " To him that overcom-eth will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his throne." The differences of these thrones, .and of the objects of Christ's occupying them, we will notice. Of the Father's throne we say:- 1. It is the throne of the dominion of the whole universe. "God, the Judge of all," sits upon it, and before it must come the actions of all the subjects of the Creator, and from it must go forth the decisions which concern the eternal destinies of his creatures. 2. That throne is in Heaven above. It is not, and never was, upon this earth. 3. Upon that throne Christ sits as a priestŠa mediator or intercessor for our race. In this he fulfills the type of Melchisedec, who was " king of Salem, and priest of the Most High God." Heb. 8 : 1 says: " We have such an High Priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the majesty in the Heavens." See Paul's argument in chapters 5 to 9. Christ is a priest after the order of Melchisedec, be-cause his priesthood is on a throneŠthe throne of his Father in Heaven. In this it differs from the priesthood of Aaron. And only in this sense is he a king at the present timeŠa priest-king. All his present rule and authority is in harmony with his office and character of a mediator or advocate. It is not the authority of an executive, or of one who punishes sin-ners. His authority in that respect is in the future. 4. His occupancy of that throne is limited in regard to time; his priestly kingdom he will deliver up; his advocacy or work of mediation will end. 1 Cor. 15 : 24-28. 5. We have no genealogy of Melchisedec, and, accordingly, Christ has no predecessor or successor in his priesthood. He- sprang from a tribe which could have no priesthood in Israel, and he alone is priest on the throne of his Father. 6. While sitting upon the throne of his 