VOL. 8, No. 88. phase of Christianity it is to defend. One phase of Christianity in this country is Catholicism. " It," says the professor, " is in favor of Sunday opening because it is more agreeable to priest and people." Suppose the Government should conclude that the Catholic phase of Christianity in this country would best subserve its pur-poses as a Nation, it should then decree as " the defender of Christianity," Sunday opening. Or suppose that the Seventh-day Adventist phase of-Christianity should become the object of the Government's special protection and favoritism, how would that kind of legislation suit, First-day Protestant Christians ? Now we most emphatically deny the Government's right to legislate directly in favor of religious belief, thus discriminating against others. When the State does so she transcends her constitutional limits. If the union of Church and State is the true doctrine toward which we should work, then the views advocated in the sermon at this point are right, otherwise they are erro-neous and dangerously so. Such doctrine may suit the Catholics, who are looking forward to the time in the near future when they will have control .of this Nation, and then the Nation may interfere all too often as the defender of that kind of Christianity and to the sorrow and injury of Protestantism. The professor's position may do well enough for Spain or Portugal, but it will not do, just yet, for free and liberty-loving America. If Congress passed the Sunday closing law on religious grounds, it transcended its constitutional prerogatives in so doing, or if it had enacted a law for Sunday opening, for the same reasons, it would have been equally in error. It would, in our judgment, have been far better for Congress not to have legislated at all con-cerning Sunday observance and thus have left the World's Fair managers and the people free to settle the question them-selves. Let religion be free in this coun-try from the entanglements of national and State legislation, except within the limits we have elsewhere pointed out, and Christianity, as it plants itself on prim-itive apostolic grounds of faith and prac-tice, will be mighty through God in pulling down the strongholds of error and sin, and in making conquest of the world. The deductions made by the professor are not pertinent. As an abstract ques-tion it may be true that " it is as much our right to ask that the law ,shall shut the gates of the Exposition on Sunday as that we should ask that the law shall require the saloons to be closed on Sun-day." But it does not follow that it would be wise to do it. If it were right to pat-ronize saloons during the working days of the week, which our brother will not claim, his argument would be relevant; otherwise it is not. . Ł . " In ordering the gates closed on Sunday the law does not force worship," says the professor. And as a parallel to the fore-going we may say, with equal truth, that the gates being open on Sunday does not " force " Sunday attendance. Those who really want to go to church on Sunday will go whether the Fair be opened or closed. Again he says, " Whether men shall worship on that day, the law says noth-ing; it simply says that the masses shall not be tempted to leave their places of worship by the action of the Government." With. equal pertinence we may say that the State legislates for the establishment  of public parks in cities and elsewhere, thereby enabling the people to provide places where they may go at all times, and where they do go by thousands during the summer season. But in providing for such places of resort, according to the professor's reasoning, with no restrictions against Sunday visiting, at which time is the principal attendance, they are tempt-ing the people to "leave their places of worship," and according to the argument are tempting them to sin, in that it is " a temptation to neglect the service that is pleasing to God. The public parks should therefore be fenced and the gates closed on the Lord's day. The argument proves too much and hence proves noth-ing, so far as the question under consider-ation is concerned. Further, the service at the church is not " pleasing to God " except it be from the heart. Those who go to church from external pressure or the force of circum-stances and whose hearts are elsewhere, are not pleasing God by such service, and would as well be, and perhaps better, some other place. And we may further say, in connection with the foregoing, that the greater " masses," the irreligious throngs, have no churches from which to be drawn away on Sunday. Will they be endangered by going to such a place as Jackson Park on Sunday ? and will society be less secure`by their going, if the gates are open and they choose to go ? " Some one says, It is better to have the Exposition gates open on that day than to have the crowds go to the beer gardens and to the saloons. . . . This is based on the idea that we must do one wrong in order to prevent another and worse wrong." Now the professor's reasoning in this paragraph is sound enough for those who admit his premises. But we deny that it is a sin, per se, to go to the Fair on Sunday any more than any other day except that in so doing some higher interest or duty may be neglected just as they may on other days. There may be those who are attracted to the Fair on other days than Sunday, when, in going, they are neglecting duties and obligations to others, and through such neglect are sinning. Ł-.11Ł Ł  Outside Its Sphere. IT is unquestionably true that the treat-ment which Sunday receives at the hands of many Christians is the primary source of its weakness. It is equally certain that Christians have destroyed conscience touching Sunday by their efforts to evade the claims of the Sabbath, " Saturday." In order to quiet conscience for disregard-ing God's Sabbath, they use arguments which are fatal to religious regard for any day. Another reason for the growing disre-gard for Sunday is that people have learned more of the facts concerning it and its in-troduction into Christian history, all of which destroys faith in it, and conscience in regard to it. The situation is serious indeed, so far as Sunday is concerned. The masses care nothing for it, except as a holiday. And unless the holidayism is of the higher type, it injures society far more than constant labor would. Chris-tians have undermined all Sabbathism in attempting to overthrow " Saturday," and hence the work of ruin goes on. The only hope is in such reaction as will drive men back to God, and a conscientious regard for his Sabbath. The " American Sab- bath " can never command respect nor awaken conscience. The world waits for the God-ordained holy day. The choice lies between that and ruin.ŠEvangel and Sabbath Outlook. Persecution Antichristian. PERSECUTION for opinion's sake never belonged to the Church of God, as a whole, or in its individual membership. On the contrary a tender regard for the conscientious scruples of other men, was ever a marked characteristic of the true Church, of every genuine disciple of Jesus from the time of the apostles to the present day. Read the epistles of St. Paul and be convinced of this, you who by your attitude, or by your words and actions are taking a hand in the re-ligious persecution going on in Tenn-essee and Maryland, and being waged against those few faithful Christians who to obey God and their own consciences rest on the seventh day, and follow their peaceful employments on the first day of the week, contrary to the resurrected Blue Law code of Maryland, Tennessee and other States, but not contrary to, but in exact harmony with both the letter and spirit and intent of our Federal Consti-tution, which is or ought to be supreme in this and every other State in the Union. ŠCottage Pulpit. IN giving the reasons why the Stundists are persecuted in Russia, a correspondent of the New York Observer says :Š The worship of icons and of particular crosses and pictures is also held in utter abomination, and it is this iconoclastic spirit more perhaps than any-thing else that causes the Stundist to be so detested by the Orthodox Church party. . . . Holy days in Russia are, as everybody knows, absurdly nu-merous. In addition to Sundays, there are fifty-three days in each year when all public offices and schools must be closed, and which are observed as general holidays. Every Russian, moreover, has his name's dayŠthe day set apart for the worship of the saint whose name he bears. St. John's Day, for example, is observed as a holiday by all the Ivans in the empire. The Stundist sets his face resolutely against these " prazdniki," as they are called; says they are relics of heathenism, which they undoubtedly are, and somewhat too ostenta-tiously for his own peace, he goes about his work on these days as on ordinary days. Now, the whole Protestant world de-nounces the persecution of the Stundists in Russia, yet the reasons why they are interfered with are substantially the same that are urged in justification of the per-secution of Seventh-day Adventists and Seventh-day Baptists in this country. In the case of the Stundists they "ostenta-tiously" disregard the Russian holy days; and in the case of R. M. King, in Tennes-see, it was said that he " ostentatiously " set at defiance the religious prejudices of his neighbors. He simply worked on Sunday just as on other days, just as he had a right to.do and as every man has a right to do, but which religious prejudice does not permit in America any more than it permits the Stundists to disregard the fifty-three holy days dear to the aver-age Russian. THOSE who are willing to labor without the stimulus of any visible reward; whose lives pass while the object for which they labor is too far distant to comfort them; who are willing to earn the misunder-standing of the crowd, and even oppose a seeming good because they see a darker evil lurking behind it, these are the statesmen of the kingdom of God.ŠPro-fessor Drummond. 