566 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Phe American Sentinel is published in the interest of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. sar Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) THE God of Christianity has been in the national Constitution from the first, his name being inscribed there in the principles of justice and liberty which it em-bodies. But the National Reform partyŠthe party which confounds Christianity with politicsŠwants to put into the Constitution a god which would crowd these principles out. They want the Constitution to distin-guish between religious classes, giving to the larger the authority to coerce the smaller, contrary to the Ameri-can and Christian principle of equality before the law in matters of conscience. The god which could not be put into the Constitu-tion without crowding justice out of it, is not the true God. Futile, But Not New. THE experiment of making an acknowledgment of the sovereignty of God in the fundamental law of a com-monwealth, which a large party in this country is so anxious to try, is not anew one.. Not to mention the attempts of former times, made by the nations of the old world, to administer the laws of God by the ma-chinery of the State, we have an example in the constitu-tion of the Southern Confederacy, set up in our own time. It affords a fair illustration of the practical utility of the scheme proposed. The preamble of that consti tution said:Š "We, the People of the Confederate States, each State acting in its sovereign and independent character, in order to form a permanent Federal Government, estab-lish justice, insure domestic tranquility, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterityŠin-voking the favor and guidance of Almighty GodŠdo or-dain and establish this Constitution for the Confederate States of America." This is not so full a recognition of God's sovereignty as politicalTeligionists want put into the national Con-stitution to-day, but it was not void of practical effect. It declared that "we, the people," included in the Gov-ernment set up upon the Constitution, invoked "the  favor and guidance of Almighty God;" hence only those were included who were willing to make this religious acknowledgment, which was in itself a confession of faith in the sovereignty and providence of God. The atheist and agnostic were not recognized at all, and could prop_ erly have no share in the government, nor claim protec-tion under it. The preamble of the United States Constitution makes no allusion to God; and as between the two, upon the theory that such an acknowledgment -is binding upon the nation, and that to omit it is a sin calling for divine retribution, providence should certainly have favored the Contederate,fgovernment in its contest for separation fromIthe Union. But what was the result? Every person knows. The constitutional acknowledgment of God availed nothing. The Almighty did not recognize it. And such an ac-knowledgment is:of no more value to-day than it was in the time of the war. If God had desired a government to be set up which recognized his sovereignty in its fundamental law, he could have perpetuated the Confederate government. And that he let it go down, is plain evidence that he did not wish it perpetuated. But religious hobby-riders re-fuse to learn anything from experience. IN an article contributed to The Independent, on Russia's Peace Proposition, Prof. Benjamin Ide Wheeler recognizes the momentous nature of the present hour, in these words:Š "We are surely living in great times. Events are all on the grand scale. It seems almost as if history were conscious of the division of time by centuries, and were hastening to make out a balance sheet." The thoughtful observer, whether a believer in proph-ecy or not, sees that we have reached a time which an-swers to the description which prophecy gives for the last days. A Hindu's View of " National Christianity." THE difference between the so-called Christianity of the national typeŠthat which gives rise to the term "Christian nation "Šand real Christianity, is illustrated in the experience of a convert from Hinduism, as related by Professor Max Muller in the August Cosmopolist. "I was sitting in my room at Oxford copying Sanscrit," says the professor, when "a gentleman was shown in, dressed in a long, black coat, looking different from my usual visitors, and addressing me in language of which 1 did not understand a single word." It was a learned Hindu who had come to see Mr. Muller and was address-ing him in Sanscrit. Upon being given some manuscript of the Veda to peruse, he said he did not believe in the Veda any longer, but had become a Christian. An 