142 THE A_IVIERICAN SENTINEL. RELIGIOUS IAE'rRIVY1A-4  ASSOCIATION.I' DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES Ł We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E., WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. THE Star Museum, of this city, has been closed for violation of the Sunday law, and the information is published that the Mayor has promised to discontinue its license; supposably, for no other reason is given, because of its persistence in opening on Sunday. SOME slight agitation of the question of the Sunday opening of museums in this city, has called forth from the New York Presbytery, and the New York East Con-ference, both of which have recently been in session, sets of resolutions protesting against any such action on the part of the city. REV. W. F. CRAFTS has published his appointments for the next three months as follows : May 1, Cresco, Iowa; May 4, Winchester, Iowa; May 6, Waverly, Iowa; May 10, Marshalltown, Iowa; June 22, etc., Fremont Chautauqua, Neb. ; July 21, etc., Winona Chautauqua, Wis. ; August 1, 2, Lakeside Chautauqua, Ohio; Septem-ber, Western Pennsylvania. THE trial of the Eighth Avenue Dime Museum proprietor, indicted for opening his museum on Sunday, has been twice postponed. The " Pearl of Days " takes upon itself to speak thus dictatorially upon the case : " The reason for post-ponement ought to be made public. Do the authorities propose to let him off ? The matter is in the hands of Assistant District Attorney McIntyre." AT the formation of a " Rest Day League " in StŁ Joseph, Missouri, not long since, a series of resolutions were adopted of which the following extract is a sample :Š Resolved, That we deplore the fact that our city, in other respects said to observe the Sabbath better than many, east or west, still falls below Pittsburg, or New York, or Chicago, in allowing the noisy  hawking of newspapers upon the Sabbath to the disturbance of home life and Sabbath worship, and we will call upon our public officers to suppress this affront to Christian sentiment and State law. Resolved, That we assure our public officers, whose sworn duty it is to prevent and punish the opening of saloons and other infractions of our humane Sabbath law, that we will heartily support them in enforcing it, and we earnestly request our Mayor to publish the Sabbath law of this State, that no violator may plead ignorance of its provisions, etc. The prominence which is given to the idea of " law" is worthy of note, as well as the peculiar and significant juxtaposi-tion of the expression " Christian senti-ment and State law." Steadily, by gradual insistence, the general impression is being conveyed that to affront religious senti-ment" is an infraction of the civil law which public officers must be called upon to punish. MR. CRAFTS'S late injunction to the faithful National Reformers is noteworthy. Referring to the April week of prayer, he says :Š The world's week of prayer for the Sabbath should be a week of 'practice as well as prayer, of enforcing the laws we have as well as petitioning for better ones. They pray best who are busiest between prayers in working with God in the an-swers. A more terse expression of the idea contained in this paragraph would be " pray and prosecute." IN the cable news from Berlin, of April 19, is to be found the following spicy paragraph:Š The Kaiser is much annoyed by the disregard of his wishes shown by a number of cavalry officers in attending the Hurdle Society's races on last Sun-day. The Emperor's brother-in-law, Duke Gunther, of Schleswig-Holstein, who was among the delin-quents, received the full measure of the imperial resentment. So loud and menacing was the lan- . guage in which it was conveyed that the Empress ran into the room to protect her brother, whom the Emperor was denouncing as a blasphemous jockey. The Duke and his partners in guilt spent this Sun-day in the barracks, deprived of tobacco and liquors, and in other respects treated as prisoners. Certainly the National Reform princi-ples are making rapid progress when crowned heads enforce Sunday observance in members of their own family by mili-tary discipline. IN an editorial on the late Dr. Spear, one of the editors of the Independent, who has lately died, occurs this para-graph :Š Here also occurred his account of the Federal Judiciary; and of even more interest to the lay mind, his thorough discussion of the relation of religion to the State. This volume is the best ex-ponent of the doctrine, which was earnestly his and ours, that Church and State should be abso-lutely separated, that church property should be taxed, and that the Bible should not be required to be read in the public schools. Yet, notwithstanding this clear expres-sion of policy from the Independent, the following tacit indorsement of the enact-Mg and enforcing of religious laws by the  State is to be found in the same issue, having reference to the violation of the Sunday laws in New Jersey :Š But encouraged by the recent expression of pub-lic sentiment throughout the State, there has been a rising of the people in Camden, and the result is a change for the better on Sunday, and the prospect of a vigorous enforcement of the law. Can it be that the Independent is blind to the inconsistency between the statement that " Church and State should be abso-lutely separated," and an expression of satisfaction at the "prospect of a vigorous enforcement of the law" for the observ- ance of a dogma of the Church by the civil power ? THE AMERICAN SENTINEL and the Na-tional Religious Liberty Association have not been, and are not, alone in the advo-cacy of sound principles as to the relation in which human government stands to religion, but how few are willing to carry these principles unswervingly to a con-sistent conclusion. Ł-Ł Ł  CHICAGO has organized a Columbian Sunday Association, with an Executive Committee of eighteen members for the purpose of bringing sufficient influence to bear upon the management of the World's Fair to secure its closing on Sunday, and for the exploiting to the world of the " American Sunday." A number of com-mittees and sub-committees have been ap- pointed and their work systematically laid out. The following are the published objects of the Association :- 1. To prevent by every practicable means the calamity to our country and the injustice to the fifty thousand or more employes of the Columbian Fair and related industries, by opening the Exposi-tion on Sunday. 2. To distribute literature showing the advantage that has come to America from the observance of the American Sunday, this literature to be printed in all languages, and to be especially distributed during the World's Columbian Exposition of 1893. 3. To arrange for and carry on great mass meet-ings on the Sundays during the season of the World's Exposition, to be addressed by distinguished speakers on themes appropriate to the day, chorus singing to be a feature of this meeting. 4. To assist in securing occasional holidays for all working peopleŠmen, women, and childrenŠthat they may, from time to time, attend the World's Exposition, and particularly to this end, to make more nearly universal the weekly Saturday half-holiday. The Columbian Sunday Association, the American Sabb.th Union, and the Chicago Ministerial Committee have joined in the publication of an address to the country at large, setting forth the dangers to the Nation, which, in their opinion, will re-sult from the opening of the World's Fair on Sunday, and calling for an orga-nized demonstration from all classes, di-rected to the National Commission and the Chicago Directory. Ł 4  Ł  THE, Methodist ministers of Cincinnati, have memoralized the Mayor in regard to the suppression of baseball in that city the coining summer. C. ELDRIDGE,  W. A. COLCORD, President. Secretary. 