638 AMERICAN SENTINEL. lains with the troops. Except the four regimental chap-lains of the colored regiments, who would, of course, ac-company their regiments the same as any other regi-mental officer, only about five or six of the remaining thirty have been ordered to accompany troops to the front. And these were sent only on their urgent request, and, with one exception, a month or so after the troops were ordered toward Cuba. And these have been fur-nished no forage allowance to enable them to keep a horse, although all the other staff corps and even the volunteer chaplains have been paid and provided for as mounted officers; nor have they been provided with any special facilities in any way for their work. The rest of the thirtyŠsome twenty four of themŠhave been left at posts where nearly all of the troops have been ordered away, with possibly one or two exceptions. One of them, at a nearly abandoned post, has been commissary officer, another quartermaster, etc. No one in authorityseemed to think they were needed to do any religious work with troops in the field. All this corroborates the statement of General Sher-man, based upon their fewness of numbers compared with the number of army posts, along with his general knowledge of the entire situation, that theRegular Army chaplaincy "is a farce," and was "intended to be such from the beginning." In addition to this, it is apparent that the main part of the efficient religious work done for troops in the field, and especially for the regulars, has been by the workers of the Army and Navy Christian Commission. It is true a few of the regular chaplains have shown a heroic spirit with troops in the field, and helped them all they could. It is also true that more of the volunteer chaplains, fresh from the home churches, and with men in part fresh from the home churches and the homes of the people, and with the moral and reli-gious spirit and enthusiasm of both chaplains and men not as yet browbeaten and largely crushed by the spirit that dominates Regular Army life, have accomplished a good work. But it is a certainty that little would have been heard of any considerable positive and distinct evangelizing or other religious work being done had it not been for what has been accomplished by General Howard, Mr. Moody and their co-workers. And this seems to support the contention of some shrewd observ-ers that the army chaplaincy as an evangelizing agency is a failure, and that it had better be laid aside, and the work to be done left to the voluntary effort of the churches. TAKING a look at the prospects for war or peace, the candid observer is compelled to admit that the prospects for general war the whole world over are greater than those for the hoped-for universal peace. The unstable condition of the peace of Europe and Asia is well known; and it is apparent that there may be a resumption of hostilities between America and Spain. And upon inves-tigation it appears that an outbreak of war between  Chile and Argentina, which is expected, is likely to be as fatal to the peace of the South American states as would war between two nations of Europe be to the peace on that continent. The peace equilibrium of South America is as unstable as that of Europe. On this subject a lead-ing New York weekly says:Š "In case there should be war growing out of the boundary dispute between Chile and Argentina, what would be the probable result in South America? In the first place, the two natural enemies of Argentina, which is now the most prosperous state in that continent, are Chile and Brazil. Both are naturally jealous of Argen-tina's prosperity; Chile on account of the boundary dis-pute, and Brazil because of the hereditary political en-mity between the Portuguese and Spaniards, and her attitude toward the commercial development of the River Plate. Little Uruguay is also a thorn in Brazil's side. In her territory many of the insurrections in Brazil are hatched, and Brazil is prevented only by Argentina from crushing these in the nest. "Paraguay's position is neutral, but Peru and Bo-livia will be in sympathy with Argentina, for the reason that they both were defeated by Chile in the war of 1881. It has been the dream of Peru ever since to get back the conquered provinces of Tacna and Arica, whose nitrate mines have since yielded Chile $300,000,000; while Bo-livia, with equal zeal, has striven to regain the outlet to the ocean which was taken away from her. Uruguay would have to take part, willing or unwilling, in any gen-eral war, on account of the strategic situation of Monte-video. Nowhere else nearer than Rio del Janeiro could the combined fleets of Chile and Brazil refit, and it is the only base from which could be maintained a blockade of the River Plate. "As Argentina would doubtless seize Montevideo first, we might see a coalition of Argentina, Uruguay, Peru, and Bolivia, while every effort would be made, possibly with success, to bring Brazil to the side of Chile. Such an alliance would undoubtedly win, because of the supe-riority of their fleets and the fact that they could throw their armies upon Argentina from both east and west. Of course the probabilities are that there will be no such universal conflagration; and yet, now that the ball of war has been set rolling in the Western Hemisphere, no-body knows what it will hit. "It should be added that Venezuela, Colombia, and Ecuador have no special preferences toward either side. Their interests are bound up rather with the Central American States." HOWEVER forgetful men may be of law and judgment, neither law nor judgment will be forgetful of them. If these are not taken into account by men, men will be taken into account by them. Law is over them, and about them on all sides, and at all times, and judgment follows after, so keen-scented that it never loses track of those it seeks. One can no more get away from them than he can get away from his shadow in the sunshine. The demands of law are continual, and no deafness or disregard will suppress them. They are eternal, and will never lose their grip.ŠThe Examiner. 