AMERICAN SENTINEL. 217 sition is not available; and it seems that the last ex-tremity,  of terror now at the command of the Church is that which she awakens by the threat of excommunica-tion. Inasmuch as Bishop Blais has explicitly announced that he will excommunicate every person who Votes con-trary to his instructions, it seems that he has about exhausted the resources of his communion as a factor in politics, and all that Bishop Lafleche can do is to prove an honorable second in the premises. THE political activity of the Canadian clergy is largely the fruit of indulgence, although, as already stated, it originates in the position of extraordinary strength and serenity guaranteed to the Roman Catholic Church by the treaty of cession from France to England. The latter country, as that acute observer, "Max O'Rell," has pointed out, uses the Catholic Church to save it expense in keeping order. The emoluments are preserved, and the price of them is paid regularly. If a robbery is corn -miffed, no secrets of the confessional are betrayed, but the self-accused sinner is urged, if not commanded, to give himself up and make restitution. If 4 young man is too dilatory in his courtship, the "father" orders him either to marry the girl or make way for another less timid or sluggish. And so on. Of course, the English government is doing a serious injustice to its Canadian subjects when it takes their money from them in the form of taxes and then uses a portion of what is thus collected to pay certain men for keeping them in the spiritual slavery which these conditions manifest. It is not at all surprising that a ruling power which thus violates the fundament al principles of justice and true political econ-omy should find itself in danger of losing a valuable ter-ritory altogether as a result of its policy. Strong in their treaty-rights, encouraged by the connivance of the ruling power at their encroachments on individual rights and freedom, the priests are ever alert, keen and aggressive in the political life of British America. RIEL'S rebellion," which at one time threatened to sever Manitoba from the Empire, was caused by clerical intermeddling with the civil administration of that prov-ince, carried to an extreme that was fairly unbearable. Riel's rebellion was, suppressed with some difficulty and bloodshed. It failed mainly because the oppressed people were at heart attached to the mother country and could not be dissuaded from their reliance on her general fair-ness, and their confidence that, sooner or later, she would, of her free will, remedy their heavy grievances. To some extent their hopes were justified by the event; but quite recently, the "fine Italian hand" of the Church has been deeply inserted in the coffers of the Manitoba school fund, and the agitation over this proceeding was intense at the last Parliamentary election, spreading, indeed, all over Canada, and shaking the Houses of Par-liament at London. It appears that the Church won a substantial victory on that occasion, and we are in.  formed that the settlement finally reached has greatly encouraged the bishops elsewhere in their work of "boss-ing the job" of the people at the polls. Canada is the country which some people would like to see annexed to the United States. APROPOS of annexation, I am reminded of a little epi-sode. A certain New York daily was honestly and fairly conducted, in the true interests of the people, for many years. It made mistakes sometimes, like all papers and all men. But it had such a hold on public confidence that it was always credited with doing so honestly, by those whom it failed to mislead. It was a morning daily. There came a time when its proprietors desired to print an evening edition. In order to do this, they borrowed a large sum of money from a certain estate whose interests were inextricably entangled with those of our " Pacific railways." It is not too much to say that this ended the usefulness of the journal as a servitor of the people's wel-fare. Among other things in which it betrayed their in-terests and sought to bring trouble into the already too much troubled politics of the United States, was its stren-uous advocacy of Canadian annexation. This it urged, because those to whom its soul, as well as body, was ap-parently mortgaged, had a formidable competitor in the Canadian Pacific line, and they looked upon annexation as a prelude to their getting control of that road, and "consolidating" it under the same management as their own, and thus depriving people of the benefits of compe-tition between the two. * IN the course of its performance of the work assigned to it by its masters, this journal was called upon to deal with the question of a united Church and State. The treaty rights, and the resultant position of the Roman Catholic Church in several provinces, were pointed out by some authorities in Canada as insuperable obstacles in the way of an organic union with our countryŠ" for," said they, "you cannot have an established church in the United States." Hastily the paper in question flew to the, rescue. It assured the Canadians that they could come into our union with their church in each province established, because the Federal Constitution prohibited only a Federal church, and left the States free to unite themselves individually with any church, in the work of government! This is true. But what are we to think of a paper capable of thus pointing out an unfortunate omission in our fundamental law and inviting people to join our union whose institutions are utterly imcompat-ible with the spirit of our American systemŠand all for the sake of "wrecking" a railroad? OF late years there has been a noticeable tendency to carp at the Christian Bible. The authorship of its vari-ous books; the authenticity of its historical accounts; the question of how far each part is entitled to the adjeet. 