THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 535 of Christianity with these will furnish the theme for several papers for THE SENTINEL. First, we,shall consider the conflict of Christi- anity with Judaism. Jesus Did Not Preach a New Religion. Jesus was a Jew. Centuries before the incarna-tion Christ, the Son of God, the everlasting Word of God, had made the promises to Abraham which consecrated that people unto himself. He it was who had led them out of Egypt, out of tlee house of bondage. He spake the law to them from Sinai; he led them through the wilderness, and in all their wanderings they " drank of that spiritual Rock which went with them, and that rock was Christ." Disciples were first called Christians at Antioch, but there were disciples long before that. In the olden days they called a true disciple as Jesus called Na-thaniel, an "Israelite indeed." All the truths of the New Testament are found in the Old Testament, and were once understood by the faithful. All the spiritual experiences of Chris-tianity had, through the ever- present spiritual Christ, been experienced long before by the devout Israelite. Jesus never professed-  to preach a new religion. On the contrary, when he spake on the most profound themes of Christianity, as to Nico-demus on the new birth, he said, "Art thou a ruler in Israel, and understandest not these things?" The Divine Revelation Monopolized by the Rulers. The new birth and all the other doctrines of Christianity are plainly revealed in the Old Testa-ment, but they had all been lost sight of by the Jews, and because of this the Jewish religion had be-come ceremonial and formal and utterly lacking in the manifestation of the spiritual life and power. Traditions had been multiplied till they filled many volumes, and it required years of study to become familiar with them. The Scriptures, containing the words of salvation, it was thought could be under-stood only by being interpreted by tradition, and therefore by the priests and Rabbis and lawyers who understood tradition. Thus practically the Scrip-ture was taken from the common people and put into the hands of the spiritual rulers, who only could understand and interpret it. These leaders of the people were therefore given almost unbounded au-thority, and were looked up to with susperstitious reverence. " Still the basis of their supremacy rested on the popular reverence for the Sacred  Writings. ' It is written' was the sanction of all Rabbinical decrees, however those decrees might misinterpret the real meaning of the law." (Milman's Hist. Chris., vol r, page 189.) Thus, to the eyes of the people and in their own eyes also the Jewish rulers had a monopoly of the divine revelation. Under these circumstances Jesus entered upon his sacred mission. Not having studied in the Rabbini-cal schools, and not having asked of the spiritual leaders the permission to preach, he went, forth reading th-e Scriptures and expounding their truths. Under his touch the old words blossomed anew into wealths of meaning and beauty, of which the people had never dreamed. He set the sublimest truths forth in axiomatic forms. He did not quOte au-thority as the Rabbis did, saying, " It is written." But more frequently he prefaced his remarks with the simple, " I say unto you." Is it strange that the people wondered and that they went away saying, " Never man spake like this man," " He speaks as one having authority, and not as the Scribes." Ecclesiastical Jealousy and Ambition. Need we wonder that the whole power of the Jewish Sanhedrim was arrayed against Jesus and the religion he taught? It was their power to control the prejudices and superstitious passions of the people that caused the multitudes, notwithstanding the work of love Christ had wrought, to cry" Crucify him, crucify him." It was this same priestly power that, during the early history of the church, made the Jews in every city spy out the. Christians and deliver them to the pagan persecutors, who excuted the laws, and so had the power of life and death. Of these Jewish leaders Milman well says: "They saw clearly that it was a struggle for the life and death of their authority. 'Jesus acknowledged as the Christ, the whole fabric of their power and in-fluence fell at once. The traditions, the skill of the scribe, the subtilty of the lawyer, the profound study of the Rabbi, or the teacher in the synagogue and in the schools became obsolete, and the pride of su-perior wisdom, the long-enjoyed deference, the blind obedience with which people had listened to their decrees, were gone forever. The whole hierarchy were to cede at once their rank and estimation to an humble and uninstructed peasant from Galilee, a region scorned by, the better educated for its rude-ness and ignorance, and from Nazareth, the most despised town in the despised province." (Milman's' 