THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 151 Mr. Willard F. Hobbs to the Committee of the House on the District of Columbia, when he said, " There are over thirty unions of Knights of Labor and there has been only one petition sent here. They have remained silent on the subject, and I think they want to remain silent upon it." JUDGE LIPPINCOTT has sentenced two saloon keepers of Jersey City to the penitentiary for three months for Sunday liquor selling. In the course of his remarks while sentencing the men the Judge said The Court has a right to ask, yes, to demand, that the officers sworn to execute the laws shall do their duty in this matter. That the Prosecutor of the Pleas, with all the power of the State behind him, shall take at once such steps in this county as shall end at once this unlawful and demoralizing traffic on Sunday, and in this performance of duty, this Court has the right, under the specific power conferred upon us by statute, to demand that the chief executives of the cities in this county, and the police authorities of the whole county, and the Grand Jury, aid to the full extent of the power conferred upon them by law. The attention of these same officials must also be called to places in Jersey.  City Heights, where, in connection with the sale of liquor, variety shows are given on Sunday contrary to law. The liquor traffic should be suppressed entirely. The use of the Sunday law against it is a greater crime against humanity than that of the saloon keepers themselves, for, while the Sunday laws stand, it legitimates their business and puts it on the same legal footing with all other business occu-pations for the rest of the week, while not appre- ciably diminishing drunkeness and its attendant evils. AT the United Presbyterian Preachers' meeting in Pittsburg, on April 11, resolutions were adopted showing on their part a feeling of desperation in reference to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, and dealing in language of restrained inso-lence and threats toward the Columbian Commis- sion. These are the resolutions :Š WHEREAS, The Columbian Commission, as we are informed, has, for a third time, postponed the decision of the question of Sunday opening, in this case to the very eve of the Fair, with the self-evident purpose, avowed privately by some of the Commissioners, of making it impossible, as build-ings must be begun in May, for either friends or foes to express their disapproval of the final deci-sion by withdrawing from the Exhibition; there-fore, Resolved, That we most emphatically protest against this attempt to deceive by delay one side or the other, or both sides in this coat,  rversy ; and that we protest also against this political evasion of plain and present duty, this serious trifling with petitions of unprecedented number from the civil and religious bodies that make up the best citizenship of our land; and Resolved, That we earnestly ask a reconsidera-tion of this postponement, and an immediate and unequivocal decision of the question at issue ; and Resolved, That if this postponement is persisted in, we urge the Christian, law-abiding citizens of this land to take such postponement as a forecast of an adverse decision in the form of a cowardly compromise or otherwise, and as a ground for withholding all participation in an exhibition, which, under a management lacking moral courage, must become a mighty engine of evil, an aid to the lawless in the present conflicts with disorder and dissipation; and Resolved, That we urge upon general assemblies and all other general conferences soon to meet, and upon all religious conventions, all Christian exhib-itors, and especially all religious organizations, to refuse to proceed with any proposed building or exhibit or " congress" until this matter is settled, and settled right, by the Commission, or by the United States Congress, and that all friends of the Sabbath who have accepted "advisory " or other relations to any religious exhibit, make it a condi-tion to their acceptance, that the decision of the pending question shall be in accord with the laws of God, and in harmony with American laws, cus-toms, and precedents; and Resolved, That on account of this evasion of duty by the Commission, we hereby petition Congress, whether the Commission reconsiders its action or not, lest it should again fall into moral cowardice, to decide this matter securely by conditioning any further grant of public money to the Fair on  the entire closing of the Exhibition every Sabbath; and Resolved, That we ask all preachers' meetings, and religious or reformatory associations, and all societies that are opposed to Sunday work and Sun-day dissipation to join us at, once in these protests and petitions; and Resotved, That we urge the general assemblies and general conferences, and other religious con-ventions, to advise the churches, in case it is decided that any part of the Fair is to be opened for any part of the Sabbath for money making or secular uses, to meet and consider whether the members should not solemnly covenant with each other not to aid or abet such a foe of the Sabbath by exhibi-tion or attendance; and Resolved, That these resolutions be sent through the Reform Bureau, to the religious press of the country and as far as possible to the secular papers. To characterize this language as restrained, is really dealing with it too mildly. It is insolent and threatening to the business management of the Fair. From a business and legal point of view it might be a question as to whether it did not amount to con-spiracy. No better evidence of the spirit which animates this movement is needed than the witness of their own words. Petitions against Congressional Legis-lation upon Religion. ON May 2, petitions were presented in the House of Representatives, praying Congress not to commit the United States Government to a union of religion and the State by the passage of any legislation closing the World's Columbian Exposi- tion on Sunday, or in any other way committing the Government to a course of religious legislation ; from citizens of Louisiana; Corpus Christi, Texas; Gilman, Iowa; Galion, Ohio; Oregon; Virginia; Denver, Colo. ; St. Clair, Mich. ; and in the Senate from Bloomington, Ill. ; Mercer County, Ill. ; Ogle County, Ill. ; Worcester, Vt, ; Waitsfield, Vt. ; Ful-ton County, Ark. ; Florence, Colo. ; New Hamp-shire ; Green County, Win ; Franklin County, N.Y. ; Warren County, N. Y. ; Oswego County, N. Y. ; Hutchinson County, S. Dak. : Logan County, Ohio; Dakota County, Neb. ; Mesa County, Colo ; Hot Spring County, Ark. ; Deer Trail, Colo. ; Saguache County, Colo. ; Arapahoe County, Colo. ; Bates County, Mo. ; Lehigh, Mo. ; Butler, Mo. ; Mont-gomery Center, Vt. ; and Cattaraugus County, N. Y. The number of individual petitioners represented is not 'stated in the Congressional Record, from which this is taken. Some of the petitions are offered simply as from citizens, others from organi- zations. Three different religious denominations are represented. This, and a continuation of this, should be good and sufficient evidence to the World's Fair Com-mittees of the Senate and House, to which the petitions are referred, that their constituents are awakening to the fact that the advocates of a union of religion and the State, are striving to lead them into devious legislative paths, in the legislation they are asking with reference to the World's Fair. On the same day, in the Senate, Mr. Vest, of Missouri, in presenting a petition in favor of Sun-day closing of the World's Fair, said :Š I present a petition of the St. Mark's English Evangelical Lutheran Church, of St. Louis, Mo., praying for legislation by Congress prohibiting the opening of the World's Columbian Exposition on the Sabbath. I want to call attention to this peti-tion. It seems to have been a machine petition, printed and addressed originally to the senators from Ohio, " Hon, John Sherman and Hon. Calvin Brice." Those names are scratched out now, and the petition is addressed to " Hon. F. M. Cockrell and George G. Vest," from Missouri, and contains this remarkable resolution:Š " Resolved, That we do hereby pledge ourselves, and each other, that we will, from this time hence-fprth, refuse to vote for, or support for any office or position of trust, any member of Congress, either senator or representative, who shall vote for any further aid of any kind to the World's Fair, except it be on the conditions named in these resolutions." I merely want to say as a senator, that whatever may be my vote upon the question of closing the Exposition on Sunday, I shall certainly pay no  attention to this class of resolutions. I do not hold the people who sent the petitions to me entirely responsible, for they are very respectable people of that congregation and have signed this petition without scrutiny. It has obviously been prepared in the city of Washington, and sent out from this place as a sort of political blackmail on the repre-sentatives of the people. If that kind of practice is to continue, and if, when I believe a bill or joint resolution not constitutional, I am still to vote for it under the pain and penalty of being put out of public life, so far as I am concerned I do not want to hold office if I am to hold it under any such condition. If I can not exercise my judgment as a representative, as a senator of the people, without that sort of coercion, I do not care about holding Office at all. The fine political hand of the " Pittsburg preach-ers," whose resolutions THE SENTINEL publishes in another column is to be seen in this political black- mail. W. H. M. SMITH'S DICTIONARY of the BIBLE. "Worker's Edition." EDITED BY WM. SMITH, L.L. D. COMPRISING ITS ANTIQUITIES, BIOGRAPHY, GEOGRAPHY, AND NATURAL HISTORY. Price, e2.00. This work contains every name in the Bible respecting which anything can be said; over 500 engravings, and is a complete guide to the pro- nunciation and signification of scriptural names ; the solu-tion of difficulties of inter- pretation, authority and har- mony; also a history and de-scription of Biblical customs, manners, events, places, persons, animals, plants, minerals, etc., and comprises a most complete encyclopedia of Biblical information. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO , 43 Bond St., New York City. Or, Oakland, Cal. CHRISTIAN TEMPERANCE. BY MRS. E. G. WHITE. This new work from the pen of this well-known author is one of the most important of her works, and presents her views upon the important subjects of health and temperance more fully than any of her previous writings. It is a volume of great interest and practical importance. No Seventh-day Adventist family can afford to be without it. Price, cloth, $1.25; cloth, gilt edges, $1.50. Address, GOOD HEALTH PUB. CO., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. Complete Dictionary OF SYNONYMS AND ANTONYMS. BY RIGHT REV. SAMUEL FALLOWS, A. M., D. D. With an appendix, embracing a dictionary of Briticisms, Americanisms, colloquial phrases, etc., in current use; the grammatical uses of prepositions and prepositions discrim-inated; a list of homonyms and homophonous words; a collec-tion of foreign phrases, and a complete list of abbreviations and contractions used in writing and printing. 519 pages, cloth, $1.00. ANALYTICAL CONCORDANCE TO THE BIBLE, On an Entirely New Plan. Containing every word in alphabetical order, arranged under its Hebrew or Greek original, with the literal meaning of each and its pronunciation. Exhibiting about 311,000 refer-ences, marking 30.000 VARIOUS READINGS in the NEW TESTAMENT. Designed for the simplest reader of the English Bible. By Robert Young, LL.D. Fourth revised authorized edition, printed on heavy paper. One large volume, 4to, cloth, $5.00; sheep, $6,00 Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 43 Bond St., New York City. Or, Oakland, Cal. 