"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, JANUARY 11, 1894. NUMBER 2.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - ALONZO T. JONES. - CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. ASSOCIATE EDITORS,WILLIAM H. MC SEE. MR. SATOLLI, Archbishop of Lepanto, in Italy, is permanently established at the capital of the United States, as the substi-tute of Pope Leo XIII. Ł MR. ARTHUR CLEVELAND COXE, Prot-estant Episcopal Bishop of Western New York, has his official seat in the city of Buffalo, in this State. MR. COXE does not like it, that Mr. Satolli is at Washington or any, place else in this country for the purpose for which plainly he is here. And Mr. Coxe has lately been telling Mr. Satolli so, in some open letters published in the newspapers. OF course, Mr. Satolli being firmly seated at the national capital, and being in possession of immense power, which Ile can use as he pleases in national affairs, does not care whether Mr. Coxe, who has comparatively no place and absolutely no power, likes or dislikes his presence here. HOWEVER, Bishop Coxe tells some whole-some truths, states some important facts, and exposes some startling situations which are worthy of most serious thought by the American people, whatever Mr. Satolli may think of his communications. Though the bishop's statements are in themselves true enough and worthy of serious thought, yet coming from him they are robbed of their force, as will be seen further on, by the compromising at-titude which he holds toward Mr. Satolli's place and power here. WE shall present liberal extracts from Bishop Coxe's principal letter, not only for the value of the extracts themselves, but also because this matter furnishes such an excellent opportunity to point an important moral for the consideration of vast numbers of people, besides Bishop.  Coxe, who are personally interested in more ways than one. Last week we  printed statements from Leo XIII, Satolli, and Catholic documents, which gave, in their own. words, the purpose and aim of Satolli's establishment here, and also Rome's estimate of her position and power in this country. Our extracts from Bishop Coxe's letters will be also interesting when read in view of our discussion on this line in last week's SENTINEL. AFTER mentioning some points from the past as between France and the Church of Rome, the bishop asks Mr. Satolli. to take a look at himself in the mirror of these things, and proceeds as follows After considerable pulse-feeling as to the admission of a nuncio at Washington; after strong denials of any such idea; after evasions and experiments and contradictions by the press; after your preliminary visit to this country and your exulting report abroad, that persons of your quality are here received and treated " like sovereign princes; " you arrived here last year just before our great presidential crisis and were received, indeed, "like sovereign princes." The poli-ticians managed to get up a reception for you in a national vessel. You''were landed in New York like another La Fayette. Monetary objections were removed by explanations that " it was only as a vis-itor to the great Exposition at Chicago " that such a reception was tendered to you! Of course; no doubt! Who can imagine any other motive ? But, all the same, you have ever since posed not as a visitor to Chicago, but as a sovereign prince and a general meddler with affairs everywhere and chiefly among Jesuits at the national capital. But even had you confined your attention to their immediate concerns, you could not but entangle them more and more, and make affairs worse and worse, with respect to their relations with their countrymen. Your interposition is a wedge, which, if it has divided them into fractions, is not less likely to split our entire population into embittered and hostile camps, endan-gering a social war. Your apologists assert your great friendship for everything in America, and your dispo-sition to settle everything, in our behalf, so as to pre-vent future disturbances. As to the future, I am not so sanguine, especially when I observe that even your concessions are pro tempore. They are a temporary sop to the American Constitution and dust for the eyes of dotards. The Cahensly doctrine is reserved for a time when things shall be right for its enforce-ment. The " Syllabus " settles that. The Roman court consents never to enforce its dogmas by perse-cutionŠwhere it is not strong enough. Hildebrand himself was equally pacific in such cases. " But see," cry the newspapers, " how liberal the modern papacy has become." Just so! It will not put us into the InquisitionŠtill we are first drugged and then chained. The aggressions of the Roman court upon the liber-ties of nations have always been begun by this sort of.  liberality. "Concede, that you may exact." Such is the inveterate maxim of the pontiffs. Concessions once accepted with thanks, the principle of interven- tion beeomes an established fact. It grows and becomes a nuisance. Then it is too late. The people remon-strate; they try to break loose, but no, as in }Esop's fable, the horse has called in a rider to revenge him on other beasts. The plan succeeds, and now with expressions of obligation, the rider is requested to dismount. But not so. He is firm in his saddle; has a bridle in the horse's jaws ; and has spurs and a whip besides. The " ablegate " is a fixture in his seat, and let the horse throw him if he can. This is as complete a statement as could be made, of the plans and the situation of Rome with respect to the United States Government to-day. And the statement is complete even to the full meaning of the fable cited. In fact, it is the citation. of the fable, especially by Bishop Coxe, which gives point to the whole statement. The statement would be incomplete with-out the fable. It is true that Rome, in her " ablegate," is a fixture in the Amer-ican,  saddle, with the Romish bridle in the horse's mouth, and spurs and whip besides. And it is equally true that Arthur Cleveland Coxe, Protestant Epis-copal Bishop of Western New York, helped to put the American horse in this place under the Romish rider. Bishop Coxe took a part in calling in this papal rider for the American horse to revenge him on other beasts. And now the bishop asks the rider to " dismount." But no, "the ablegate is a fixture in his seat, and let the horse throw him, if he can." Ł LET us have the evidence on this point. The United States Government was estab-lished, with the total separation of reli-gion and the State. It was one of the fundamental principles of the Government that it should never recognize any religion in any way, and never by any govern-mental act have anything to do with any religion, and specifically the Christian religion. And this Government was es-tablished upon this principle for the defi-nitely expressed purpose that the Amer-ican people should not be led back to the Church of Rome, that the American people might be kept forever free from the domination of Rome and of popery. This was the perfect freedom and the glory of the American governmental horse. BUT for years there has been a powerful combination which has endeavored to per-suade this perfectly free and powerful 