AMERICAN SENTINEL. 727 in? When the money is never to be paid back, how can there he about it any of the character of a loan either tem-porary or otherwise? The truth is of course that it is not, and is not expected to be, a temporary loan at all; but an eternal gift. The correspondent next makes an open bid for all the other denominations in Cuba to sanction this unlaw-ful course of the Catholic Church and President McKin-ley, by themselves doing the same thing. He says:Š "Such free Protestant churches as exist in Cuba are supported either by contributions of their congregations or by the mission funds of their respective denomina-tions. At the same time, if a demand were made on this Government that the same favors be extended to Prot-estant churches and clergymen in Cuba that it is intended to extend towards the Catholics, that is to say, under-take the entire responsibility for their support, it is as-sumed that this Government could not consistently re-fuse to do so." This is an attempt to play again upon the Protest-ant churches, the identical trick that was played upon them by the Catholic Church, in connection with the In-dian schools, in the first year of Mr. Cleveland's presi-dency, by which fourteen "Protestant" churches and the United States Government were entrapped; and from which the Government has not yet been able to free itself. It is true that if this demand were made by the Prot-estants the "Government could not consistently refuse," since the Government is doing all this for the Catholic Church. And more than this, the Government cannot consistently do this for the Catholic Church without doing the same for all the Protestant churches. The Catholic managers of this scheme know this full well, and therefore this shrewd suggestion is made to the Protest-ants, that they may again be entrapped and so hide the inconsistency of governmental support of the Catholic Church. Will the Protestants of the land repudiate this designing suggestion, expose this evil scheme, and de-mand that the United States Government shall main-tain the only lawful as well as the only consistent atti-tudeŠthat of absolutely refusing to furnish a single cent or cent's worth of support to the Catholic Church, or any other church; or to the "priests and high church dignitaries" of the Catholic Church, or the ministers of any other church, in Cuba or anywhere else? If the Protestants of the land will not do this, why will they not? That correspondent suggests that the Protestant churches and clergymen in Cuba "demand" that the United States Government extend to them "the same favors that it is intended to extend toward the Catho-lics." This is also intensely suggestive that the Catho-lics got these favors upon "demand.!' The rest of this remarkable letter shows the basis of this demand of the Catholics. We have not space for it this week, and must therefore postpone the analysis of that till next week. However, from a careful study of it, we are prepared  to say that for cool, essential deviltry it must bear the palm. Meantime let all bear in mind that so far this Wash-ington correspondent makes plain, that "It is the deter-mination of President McKinley that the Catholic churches [in Cuba] shall be kept open, and that public worship shall be amply provided for;" that "To this end sufficient money will be advanced by this Govern-ment to support the Catholic Church;" and that this means that the Government "undertakes the entire re- sponsibility" for its support. A. T. J. Union of Church and State Condemned by His- tory.ŠNo. 6. By B. W. Noel, M. A. IN vain, then, do Mr. Burke and Mr. Gladstone ap-peal on behalf of the principle of establishments to the general practice of mankind. That general practice, pagan and papal but not Christian, has ever been em-ployed to sustain tyranny and priestcraft, to crush lib-erty and to repress truth; and can ill be pleaded on behalf of a principle which it illustrates only to brand with eternal infamy. Throughout the preceding sketch of church history we see the state churches, like the imperial harlot in the seventeenth chapter of the Apocalypse, committing for-nication with the kings of the earth, by disloyally trans-ferring to them Christ's right of governing his churches, receiving from them their golden hire in return; and the free churches, like the woman of the twelfth chapter of the Apocalypse, persecuted by the dragon, and driven into the desert. We see the state churches, like the harlot, clothed with purple, and adorned with gems, Rev. 17:4; and the free churches, like the woman clothed with the sun, radi-ant with the glory of divine grace, Rev. 12:1. We see the state churches, like the harlot who was seated on the symbolic beast, sustained by superstitious and ungodly majorities, Rev. 17:3; and thefree churches, like the sun-bright woman, who was solitary in the wil-derness, long deserted and proscribed by them, Rev.12:6. We see the state churches, like the harlot, persecuting the saints of God, Rev. 17:6; and the free churches, like the sun-bright woman, sustained by God under persecu-tion, Rev. 12:6. We see the state churches, like the harlot, exulting in their numerous adherents, power, and wealth, and ex-claiming, "I sit a queen, and shall see no sorrow," Rev. 18:7; and the free churches, at length helped by the earth, because at length the world began to favor entire liberty of conscience, and respect justice between man and man, Rev. 12:16. In the state churches we see too much approximation to the great apostasy; and in the free churches no less conformity to the predicted condition of the church of Christ. 