on the Mail and Express, for it is in open and persistent rebellion against the divine law which says: " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." The issue between the first day and the seventh,Šthe Sunday of the Papacy and the Sabbath of the Lord,Šis fully joined, and the Mail and Express is on the side of rebellion  against the Lord of the Sabbath. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, W CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.ILLIAM B. MC HEE. "equal and exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or persuasion, 'Religious or Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, JUNE 8, 1893. NUMBER 23. LET it never be forgotten that no act is a violation of the divine law simply be-cause it is done on Sunday. That law knows the first day of the week only as one of " the six working days." The con-tention that an open Sunday Fair is a violation of the divine law is sheer as-sumption. GIVING reasons why the World's Fair should be closed on Sunday, the North-western Christian Advocate says :Š Then, again, a great many people believe in abiding by the law until it has been adjudged un-constitutional or void by the courts authorized to sit in judgment on it. Then why do not the Methodists aban-don their illegal and unchristian boycott of the Fair ? There can be no boycott without conspiracy, and under both State and Federal laws conspiracy is crime. The boycotter is a law-breaker. SUNDAY as a holy day rests only on the authority of the Roman Catholic Church. No text of sacred Scripture so much as intimates that the first day of the week is in any wise different from the other days allotted to secular affairs. Neither Christ, the apostles, or the Apostolic Church hon-ored Sunday above other days. Neander says: " The festival of Sunday, like all other festivals, was always only a human ordinance, and it was far from the inten-tions of the apostles to establish a divine command in this respect, far from them and from the early Apostolic Church, to transfer the laws of the Sabbath to Sun-day."ŠRose's Neander, page 186. REFERRING to the World's Fair contro-versy, the Mail and Express remarks that "men who rebel against the laws of God are not expected to obey human enact-ments when interest and inclination point in another direction." This is true; and being so it behooves people to keep an eye The Image to the Beast, or a Union of Church and State in the United States. As shown in an article in these columns last week, the first beast of the thirteenth chapter of Revelation is the Papacy,Ša church seeking to civil rulers for power and support instead of looking to her Lord for the divine power which he promises to all who put their trust alone in him. An image to the beast must be a like union of Church and State. And as we discovered last week, that this coun-try meets the specifications of the proph-ecy as to the time and manner of its rise, so we shall discover that here the Church has ceased to lean upon her Lord and has turned to the State for power to compass her ends and maintain her waning moral influence. The First Amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States provides that :Š Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof. This order of things was generally ac-cepted as satisfactory until in February, 1863, when an organization was formed at Xenia, Ohio, for the purpose of secur-ing a religious amendment to the Federal Constitution. In 1864 this organization was merged into or became what has since been. known as the National Reform As-sociation, the avowed purpose of which has from the beginning beenŠ To secure such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the Nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ, and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion,-and so in-dicate that this is a Christian Nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our Government on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land. Art. 2, National Reform Constitution. In forecasting the practical workings of the Government under the proposed Na-tional Reform regime, Rev. M. A. Gault,  a district secretary of the association, said in the Christian Statesman of Jan. 13, 1887:Š Our remedy for all these malific influences is to have the Government simply set up the moral law, and recognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it. In 1888, Mr. Gault published the fol-lowing in the same paper :Š We need tro correct our unfortunate attitude un-der the First Amendment, which restrains Con-gress from prohibiting the free exercise of any false religion. May 22, 1889, Rev. W. P. Gray, secre-tary of the Missouri Sabbath Union, de-fined the movement thus :Š I, for one, do not believe that as a political maxim, governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. And I believe with Mr. Gault on this, I think. And so the object of this movement is an effort to change that feature in our fundamental law. Christian Statesman, July 4, 1889. Scores of similar quotations might be given showing that the purpose of the National Reform Association is and al-ways has been to bring about in this coun-try what they are pleased to term " a union of religion and the State," but which would be to all intents and pur-poses a union of Church and State. Not much, however, seemed to be ac-complished along National Reform lines until the organization of the American Sabbath Union in 1888 united the various elements favorable to ecclesiastical dicta-tion in civil affairs. Then the influence of the various religious bodies being di-rected toward the accomplishment of a single object, namely, governmental recog-nition of Christianity, the civil power began to bend under it, and the result was that in less than five years a representa-tive of the American Sabbath Union said: " We have learned that we hold the United States Senate in our hands." For years the National Reform Associ-ation had been disseminationg its doc-trines by circulating among judges and other State and Federal officials, papers and other publications setting forth what they are pleased to term " the principles of Christian Civil government." The first fruit of this to attract public atten-tion was the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, delivered by Justice Brewer, Feb. 29, 1892, that this is 