96 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Tir din2eFicat2 Bei2tii2e1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, DECEMBER, 1887. NoTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. IN the Christian Statesman of September 22, 1887, "District Secretary" Weir, speaking of the Lord Jesus, exclaims :Š "To him be glory and dominion and power forever in our American politics." And thus they make him, as stated in their own words, "the divine politician." There seems to be place 'here for a very fitting ap-plication of the scripture, "Thou thoughtest that I was altogether such an one as thyself." .1 0 0 THE National W. C. T. U. is circulating for signatures three petitions to Congress to be presented this month, asking for national legislation on the Sunday question. It is under cover of the, demand for Sunday laws that this nation is to be put under the tyran-nical heel of the National Reform Church and State movement. If you want to help estab-lish Church and State and a man-made theoc-racy, here, then sign these petitions. If you don't want to engage in that enterprise, then give these, and all similar petitions, the widest possible berth. ONE of the "fundamental truths of theism" which the National Reformers propose to have taught by putting the Bible in the pub-lic schools is, as stated by themselves, "The deathlessness of the human soul." Very well, let us suppose the Bible is put into the schools as the supreme standard and text-book; and suppose that the pupils read there Ezekiel 18:4, "The soul that sinneth, it shall die; " and Romans 6: 23, " The wages of sin is death," and scores of similar passages; then we would inquire, How can the proposed National Reform teaching agree with the plain word of God which the pupils have read? IT is with devout thanks to God that with this number the SENTINEL closes its second suc-cessful year. A year ago we stated that there had been more than 136,000 copies of the SEN-TINEL circulated in that year, and that we hoped to see more than 250,000 copies circulated in 1887. And now at the close of 1887 we are happy to announce that our hopes have been realized. More than 255,000 copies of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, -by actual register, have been printed and circulated in 1887 ; 1,651 paid subscribers were received in October alone. The SENTINEL is a success. It has come to stay, Its field is constantly enlarging; its work is growing constantly more important. Every-body needs the paper. And, reader, we be-speak your good offices in helping us to see that everybody gets it. (1) By subscribing; or renewing your subscription;  yourself; and  (2) by getting your neighbors and acquaint-ances to subscribe or to renew their subscrip-tions. For terms to agents and in clubs see previous page. A good many subscriptions expire with this number. Look at the little tab on the paper and see if yours is one. If it is, please renew without delay, so that we shall not have to remove your name from our list at all. We hope to make the SENTINEL for 1888 still an improvement over that of 1887. We hope to see more than 500,000 copies printed and circulated in 1888, and we shall see it if you will help us. ŁiŁ Ł 44. DID you know that the fourth command-ment was abrogated more than a year ago, and that, too, by the Ohio General Assembly? Well, sir, that is a factŠthat is it must be so, because the Ohio Prohibition Convention, held last summer;  said so. Thus says the report:Š " Wild enthusiasm arose when, amid the opening songs of the Convention, someone pinned on the great banner at the Lack of the stage a copy, in big red letters on brown wrap-ping paper,.of the fourth commandment with this addendum: 'Abrogated May 14, 1886, by the Ohio General Assembly." Now the AMERICAN SENTINEL is heartily in favor of prohibitionŠnot prohibition on Sun-day alone, but prohibition all the timeŠbut we just as heartily wish that some Sunday prohibitionist would tell us what the Ohio General Assembly, or any other earthly assem-bly, can properly Łhave to do with either abro-gating or affirming the fourth commandment. The obligations of that commandment pertain solely to men's relation to God, and with it Caesar can have nothing at all to do, in any way whatever. And yet this Prohibition Con-vention must needs go " wild " with enthusi-asm over such a silly proposition as that the Ohio General Assembly " abrogated" the fourth commandment. `- IN the procession at the centennial celebra-tion of the Constitution at Philadelphia last September, the National Reform Association asked to carry a banner with this inscrip-tion:Š " The Fifteenth Amendment secures the rights of man. Let us have another securing the rights of God." Do the National Reformers mean to imply that God is in a condition similar to that of the men whose rights are particularly secured by the Fifteenth Amendment ? Do they mean to assert that God is as helpless toward secur-ing his rights, as impotent in the assertion of them, as were the slaves? If not, then where is the propriety of their plea? Another banner which they proposed to carry in the procession was one bearing the inscription " Christ the King of Nations, and the Bible the Supreme Law. " - Their application was denied, and "Secre-tary " Foster in intended condemnation of the act of the Commission in denying the request says:Š " Perhaps it was well enough, for, it would not have looked well for such a banner to follow Gambrinus and the Beer Barrel," Indeed, it would not have looked well, and we can only wonder in astonishment that men pretending to have any respect whatever for the Lord Jesus, should want to carry such a banner in such a procession; either go-ing before or following " GambrinusŁ and the Beer Barrel"! All these things go to makeŁ  clear the fact of the perfect barrenness, in the National Reformers, of any just conception Of God, or of Christ, as well as a sad dearth of ideas of propriety in things pertaining to the character or the work of the Most High. The Centennial Commission did itself lasting honor by denying ,the request. WE are happy to acknowledge the receipt of valuable documents from " The Central Committee for Protecting and Perpetuating the Separation of Church and State." This Ł is an organization of citizens of the State of New York, irrespective of party or denomina-tional ties, associated together " for the pur-pose of securing an amendment to the State constitution, so that it shall conform to the provisions of the Constitution of the United States in prohibiting any future legislation respecting an establishment of religion.'" Such an orkr,nization is made necessary by the persistent, dangerous, and successful en-croachments' of the Romish Church in the State of NeW York. This necessity and this danger are just now materially increased by the proposed—alliance of the National Reform As-sociatiO with the Romish. Church for the avow0 pmpose of securing an amendment to the A)onstitution of the United States, by whia, the Catholib worship, Catholic instruc-tiozand the Catholic Bible, shall be estab-lished in the public schools and other public institutions:of :the country, wherever the Cath-olics may be-in the majority. And yet there are people who think the SENTINEL is perform-ing a thankless task in calling attention to these things! We wish this New York com-mittee a hearty Godspeed. We shall take pleasureqn inrting in our columns extracts from le documents received. The office of carni mittee is NC X30, Bible House, New York City. IN the Pittsburg Con+Tention Dr. McAllister said of National Reform Š "This movement is bouind to succeed through the influence of -tiste, Woman's Christian Tem- perance Union." We are afraid that it is too true. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED To The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It win ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fac Single Copy, per year, - - - - - 50 cents. To foreign countries, single subscription, post- paid  25. Specimen copies free. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 