372 VoL. ii, No. 4T. WHO IS WARRING AGAINST THE GOVERN- MENT ? THE Christian Endeavorer says that the Seventh-day Adventists are "carrying on a guerilla warfare against the United States Government." That paper is just as near the truth in this, as it is in some other of its prominent theories: as for instance that Sun-day is the Sabbath, and that "the only prep-aration for heavenly citizenship is conspicu-ous and persevering fidelity to the duties pertaining to our earthly citizenship." The trouble with the National Reform- Christian Endeavorers is, that they have be-come so powerful that they begin to think that they are the government, and conse-quently that whoever is opposed to their evil designs is against the United States Gov-ernment. This is a mistakeŠjust yet at least. The principle of total separation of religion and the State, which is the fundamental principle of the Constitution and Government of the United States, as our fathers ordained the Constitution and established the Govern-ment, is the genuine principle that Christ announced with respect to governments on earth. And to this principle all genuine Seventh-day Adventists are not only friendly, but absolutely weddedŠor, if you please, consecrated. The men who ordained and established the United States Constitution and Government, totally separate from religion in general and from the Christian religion in particular, said, and with them the Seventh-day Advent- ists say:Š There is no argument in favor of establishing the Christian religion but pay be pleaded with equal propriety for establishing the tenets of Mohammed by those who believe the Alcoran. They said:Š It is impossible for the magistrate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects that pro-fess the Christian faith, without erecting a claim to infallibity, which would lead us back to the church of Rome. They said :Š When our Blessed Saviour declares his kingdom is not of this world, he renounces all dependence upon State power; and as his weapons are spiritual, and were only designed to have influence on the judgment and heart of man, we are persuaded that if mankind were left in quiet possession of their inalienable reli-gious privileges, Christianity, as in the days of the apostles, would continue to prevail and flourish in the greatest purity by its own native excellence, and under the all-disposing providence of God. They said:Š To judge for ourselves, and to engage in the exer-cise of religion agreeably to the dictates of our own consciences, is an unalienable right, which, upon the principles on which the gospel was first propagated and the Reformation from popery carried on, can never be transferred to another. They said:Š As every good Christian believes that Christ has or-dained a complete system of laws for the government of his kingdom, so we are persuaded that by his providence he will support it to its final consumma-tion. They said thatŠ Almighty God hath created the mind free. All attempts to influence it by temporal punishments or burdens, or by Łcivil incapacitations, tend only to beget habits of hypocrisy and meanness: and are a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our -religion, who, being Lord both of body and mind, yet chose not to propagate it by coercions on either as was in his almighty power to do. The impious pre-sumption of legislators and rulers, civil as well as ecclesiastical, who, being themselves but fallible and uninspired men, have assumed dominion over the faith of others, setting up their own opinions as the only true and infallible, and as such endeavoring to  impose them on others, hath established and main-tained false religions over the greatest part of the world and through all time. They said thatŠ We hold it for a fundamental and undeniable truth that "religion or the duty which we owe to our Cre-ator and the manner c.f discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or vio-lence." The religion, then, of every man must be left to the conviction and conscience of every man; and it is the right of every man to exercise it as these may dictate. This right is in its nature an unalien-able right: it is unalienable because the opinions of men, depending only on the evidence contemplated in their own minds, cannot follow the dictates of other men; it is unalienable also, because what is here a right towards men is a duty towards the Cre-ator. It is uhe duty of every man to render to the Creator such homage, and such only, as he believes to be acceptable to him. This duty is precedent, both in order of time and in degree of obligation, to the claims of civil society. They said :Š Experience witnesseth that ecclesiastical establish-ments, instead of maintaining the purity and efficacy of religion, have had a contrary operation. During almost fifteen centuries has the legal establishment of Christianity been on trial. What have been its fruits? More or less in all places, pride and indolence in the clergy; ignorance and servility in the laity; in both, superstition, bigotry, and persecution. Further, and as to the effect of govern-mental recognition of religion upon the State itself, these same noble men said :Š Religious establishments are highly injurious to the temporal interests of any community. Again they said:Š The establishment in question is nornecessary to civil government. If religion be not within the cog-nizance of civil government, how can its legal estab-lishment be necessary to civil government? What influence, in fact, have ecclesiastical establishments had on civil society? In some instances they have been seen to erect a spiritual tyranny on the ruins of civil authority; in many instances they have been seen upholding the thrones of political tyranny; IN NO INSTANCE have they been seen the guard-ians of the liberties of the people. Rulers who wished to subvert the public liberty may have found in established clergy, convenient auxiliaries. A. just government, instituted to secure and perpetuate it, needs them not. And again they said:Š Attempts to enforce, by legal sanctions, acts ob-noxious to so great a proportion of citizens, tend to enervate the laws in general, and to slacken the bonds of society. If it be difficult to execute any law which is not generally deemed necessary or salutary, what must be the case where it is deemed invalid and dan-gerous? And what may be the effect of so striking an example of impotency in the government, on its general authority? All this was said in that day by the men who ordained and established the Constitu-tion and Government of the United States, with the total separation of religion and the nation. And all this is said to-day by the Seventh-day Adventists. All~,this was said by those noble men in that day in uncompro-mising opposition to any sort of governmental recognition of religion, in the interests of re-ligious and civil liberty, in sincere respect to Christianity, and for the best possible secur-ity of the State. And all this is said to-day, in the same way and for the same reasons, by the Seventh-day Adventists and the AMER-ICAN SENTINEL. And by these same tokens it is demon-strated that 'the Seventh-day Adventists and the AMERICAN SENTINEL are among the best possible friends that the United States Gov- ernment has to-day; and that the best possi-ble way for any man really to befriend the United States Government to-day is to stand with the Seventh-day Adventists and the AMERICAN SENTINEL in their uncompromis- ing opposition to the encroachments of a national religion, as did the noble men who created the United States Government. NATIONAL REFORM BEFORE THE FRENCH REVOLUTION. "THE church was as though incrusted in an order of things which wounded the public conscience; the altar was the strongest sup-port of the ancient sodial edifice. Every as-piration towards reform, every tendency to progress, meeting it from its first start, as an obstacle and a barrier, beat against it with rage. The result was that generosity of mind speedily became irreligious. All that was young in heart, and burning to vindicate right and liberty, was thereby even pre-disposed to repel Christianity at the out-set. . . . "The eighteenth century has seized a great idea, which is a daughter of the gospel: it is the idea of humanity; the idea of human right, claimed in the face of privileges which are its negation. And it is found that the church has taken part beforehand against this human right which she ought to have been the first to proclaim, since she had in her hands the Book which, in a society pro-foundly divided, had caused those immortal words, the charter of equality and of true lib-erty, to resound : 'Before Christ there are neither slaves nor freemen.' Gal. 3 : 28. Thus by the fault of her representatives, tie religion which, with the divine idea, brought into the world the grand idea of humanity and of its rights, is considered by generous minds as the enemy which it is necessary to strike down, and that in order to realize their own programme. . . . "The seventeenth century . . . h<d even formulated the theory of its practice in a book due to its greatest orator [Bossuet] who had graven for posterity, in an immor-tal style, the maxims of the double despot-ism, destined to raise so much indignation some years laterŠ'La Politigne tiree de l'Ecriture Sainte' (Politics drawn from the Holy Scriptures) that learned catechism in which royalty without control, and a clergy without restraint, are taught how, by unit-ing, they may entirely enslave a nation, may be considered as the testament of the seven-teenth century." . . "The book of Bossuet is the apotheosis of the ancient regime, and of its worst abuses. The king appears in it as a god, whose coun-tenance rejoices his people like the sun, and whose indisputable caprices ought to be re-ceived on their knees. . . . There is no right in the face of the royal rightŠI am mistakenŠthere is the right of the priest, for whom alone Bossuet causes to be heard a haughty claim. All the property of the na-tion belongs, to the king, except that of the Levites with which he ought to concern him-self only to increase it. "A king who well understands his duties, does not rest contented with opening his treasures to the church in order to enrich her; remembering that she has a horror of blood, but that she, nevertheless, has need of it, he lends to her his sword, or, rather, he turns it against her enemies, pursues them, and sacrifices them to the greater glory of God, as at the revocation of the Edict of Nantes. Heresy is not tolerated in the happy country that he governs. 'Those who do not wish to suffer the prince to use severity in the matter of religion, because religion ought to be free, are in impious error.' Bossuet recalls the oath taken by the very`Christian king on the day of his coronation, and the solemn engagement that he takes to extermi-nate heresy. "All these beautiful theories are supported by passages of Holy Scripture, the true sense 