- IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAVE THE WORLD." Vol. 10. No. 48. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 5, 1895. Price, 3 cents. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, - EDITORS. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - - ASSISTANT EDITOR. THE INEVITABLE OUTCOME. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL has long raised its voice in emphatic protest against the movement on the part of the leading churches to organize their forces for the purpose of ex-ercising a controlling hand in political and civil affairs. There can be but one outcome to this move-ment if the hopes of its promoters are realized, as there is now every prospect that they will be; and it is not difficult to state what this will be, for history will repeat itself in our day, as surely as like causes produce like effects. There is more in this matter than a mere theory of the proper functions of the State, or of the true spheres of the Church and the civil power. We are confronted not only by a theory, but by a terrible prospective condi-tion, even nothing less than the ruin of both the State and the Church, with every individ-ual who is a participant in this religio-polit-ical scheme. In 1892 the churches, or leading represen-tatives of the same, besieged Congress with petitions and threats demanding that the World's Fair be closed on Sunday. The de-mand was based upon religious grounds, namely, the plea that the Fair ought not to be kept open on the " Christian sabbath; " and it was religious sentiment against what was viewed as a desecration of the sabbath, that inspired the petitions to Congress and moved Senators Quay, Hawley, and others to quote from the Scriptures and argue that the de-mand of the Church should be granted. In the summer of that year Congress capitulated, and it was decided by act of Congress that " the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," is the sabbath to be observed by the American people. The church leaders who had been foremost in demanding this action were naturally elated, and one of them went so far as to say, " We have learned that we hold Congress in our power," while another declared that thereafter the voice of the Church would be heard more frequently in the legislative halls. And cer-tainly there has been no disposition manifested by the church leaders who cherish like senti-ments to recede from their vantage ground in this respect. To-day the organization of the churches and church societies for political ends is much more complete than was the case in 1892. The society of Christian Endeavor and kin-dred organizations have grown enormously since that time, and are still growing; and their tremendous power, wielded it is true in many ways for good and always no doubt with good intentions, is ready, alas, to be exercised to the full to advance a mistaken conception of the nature of true Christian work; in other words, to promote the movement whose real and only meaning is a union of Church and State. As stated before, the outcome of this move-ment, as concerning both the State and the Church, is not difficult to foresee. It can be discerned both in the light of history and of revelation. The eye of Omniscience, foresee-ing the events of our day no less plainly than those of antiquity, discerned it from the first, and the Word of the Almighty is not silent concerning a matter which so directly con-cerns the interests of his people and his cause. That Word tells us of " great Babylon," the prophetic title designating an apostate, world-loving church; of the manner of her apostasy and its result. In Rev. 18: 1, 2, we read: " And after these things I saw another angel come down from heaven, having great power; and the earth was lightened with his glory. And he cried mightily with a strong voice, saying, Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every unclean and hateful bird." These words picture the result of a flood of worldli-ness in the Church, and the prophet in holy vision was looking down the line of future events to a time when such would be the con-dition of the professed Church of Christ. He was looking forward even to our own day. Let us see what will result to the Church from the success of the present movement to  bring the Church with the mighty power of its numbers, organization, and influence, into the arena of political strife. Is it not plain to every intelligent person that this movement must open upon the Church the floodgates of worldliness? What is it that debars worldliness from the Church of Christ? Is it not the fact that Christ's kingdom is not of this world,'Šthat it offers no worldly inducements of any kind to those who enter its fold, but that instead there is promised them persecution, with a daily cross and self-denial? For it is written : " All that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer per-secution; "' and Jesus said, " He that will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross daily, and follow me."' This causes a separation between the world and the Church, and worldly men, so long as they retain their worldliness, look with no favor upon her, and regard her adherents as fools. For unto the world the gospel of Christ is foolishness. But let it be seen that the Church has become a power in politics,Šthat only those upon whom the Church looks with favor are likely to succeed in political contests, Š in other words, that office-holding under the civil gov-ernment is well-nigh impossible without the aid of the Church, and all but assured with her aid, and there will at once be a marked change on the part of worldly, unscrupulous men toward the Church. They will as assid-uously court her favor as before they shunned her counsel. They will seize upon any cheap method of posing as men of morality and piety. Already we have before us examples of this kind. And as the surest means of ap-pearing well in the Church's eye, they will flock into the Church and boldly make their way into the very inner courts of the sanc-tuary. There hypocrisy and worldly ambi-tion, clothed in pious garb, will pose in the place of Christian virtue. There base men will stand side by side as co-workers with those whose lives are actuated by Christian principles, making the temple of God an arena of their strifes and intrigues. The language of James 3 : 16, completes the description: " Where envying and strife is, there is confu-sion, and every evil work." Thus will the Church, having turned from the way of righteousness, speedily become in John 18: 36. I 2 Tim, 3: 12. s Luke 9: 23, 