696 AMERICAN SENTINEL. universally and constantly checked the promulgation of the gospel. Had there been no such union in the nations of Europe, then in each kingdom peaceable subjects would have been protected in life and property, whatever their creed might have been; disturbers of the peace would have been repressed; pious and enlightened men might have preached Christ to their contemporaries without molestation; and evangelical churches, formed through their ministry, might have prevented the spiritŁ nal slavery, superstition, and demoralization, into which the churches so generally sank. But through the union, each student of the Bible, with any energy of character, was speedily arrested by the anathemas of the priesthood; and the state was ever ready to give these anathemas effect. It was the church Which condemned Lord Cobham in England, John Huss in Bohemia, and Savonarola at Florence; but it was the state which consumed each of them in the flames. Had there been no union, Cobham would still have led on the Lollards to new successes; Huss would have still lived to confirm his disciples in the faith; and Savonarola might have reformed Italy. Devout and resolute men might have defied the malice of the priests if the state had not placed the dungeon and the thumbscrew, the rack and the stake, at their disposal. The union, therefore, is re-sponsible for the religious ignorance and general degra-dation of manners which disgraced the fourteenth and the fifteenth centuries. When the reformers of the sixteenth century strug-gled for the doctrines of the gospel with the hierarchy and the priesthood, the union was still their greatest enemy. Unchecked by the 'governments of Europe, the Reformation would have been nearly universal. In Scot-land the reform conquered the government; but in Eng-land the union mutilated the reform; and in France, in parts of Germany, in Spain, and in Italy, overcame and crushed it. The union alone gave teeth and claws to the two Inquisitions of Spain and Italy; and without its aid the powerful confraternity of Loyola would have been baffled. As the union had previously corrupted the churches, so at the Reformation it prevented their restor-ation to purity of discipline and to spiritual life. Since that day superstition has maintained its hate-ful ascendency in Europe through the union alone; and were it removed, France, Roman Catholic Germany, Spain, Portugal, and Italy, might be pervaded in every direction by zealous evangelists. On the other hand, it has not been less disastrous in Protestant countries. The reformers, who had a gigan-tic foe to grapple with, were too happy to secure the aid of their rulers, by investing them with almost all the pre-rogatives of which they 'despoiled the pope. Misled by the evangelical zeal of some leading statesmen, they vainly hoped that Protestant governments would, in successive generations, heartily promote the progress of the gospel, and consented to a union which has been pro-ductive of endless mischief. Ever since the union of the  Church of England with its imperious and profligate head, Henry VIII., who burned alike the friends of the pope and the followers of Zuingle, because he would not endure that men should have any other religious opin-ions than his own, the state in England, with scarcely the exception of one brief interval, has been steadily op-posed to evangelical religion. Queen Mary, though a bigoted Catholic, continued to be the legal head of the Church of England, and availed herself of the supremacy with which she was invested by the union to crush the English Reformation. Who Shall Teach the Children Religion? THE following extracts on this important subject are from a speech by Llewelyn D. Bevan, LL. B., D. D., of Australia, spoken during the recent agitation in that country over the question of State support of religion:Š " We all agree that children should have religious teaching. But who shall give it? This is the question at which so many part company. All will consent to the parent of the child teaching religion to his offspring. All will agree that religious teachers, voluntarily chosen by the parent, may do it. But what of that system which, wisely or unwisely, we have adopted, which takes the children by a vast machinery of state and compels them to be submitted to its methods of instruction? Shall that include within its subjects of instruction, reli-gion?Š`No;' say the Romanists, 'for we do not believe that the state should teach anything but help our priests and appointed persons to do it and all other teaching, for that is the special care of the church.' No;' say the secular educationists ( we use the term in no opprobri-ous sense) 'for the state cannot teach religion, not being religious, and it would only raise bitter sectarian jeal-ousies if it were to try.' No;' say many religious per-sons, 'for though we should like the schools to teach re-ligion, yet there are some evils atendant which we fear.' `Yes;' say some others, 'for though there are some evils, we must face them; and no evil is so great as that of the children having no religious teaching at all.' "Thus we are divided, and sometimes are very angry with one another, which is an unfortunate condition, and certainly not very helpful to the education of the children in good manners and good morals, which are a sort of religion in their way. "We are all, I think, satisfied that-it is useless to ask the state to give religious teaching. Its teachers could not do it, seeing that they include persons of all sorts of religious opinions, and many of none. Even if they could it 'would be hopeless to try to satisfy the people of the fairness or the goodness of teaching thus supplied. We should be soon plunged in inextricable confusion and ceaseless quarreling. "Let us suppose that the Protestant churches should agree to accept the Bible reading or Bible lessons in schools, it is quite certain that the Roman church would more than ever condemn the state school system. They would refuse to allow their children, even where they at-tend school, to be present at the classes. And they would justly claim that the Protestant conscience being satis fled by the introduction of the Bible, the state was obliged 