78 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THIS "OXFORD" BIBLE FOR $150. So many people are asking for "nice, large type" in a Bible, small enough to be conveniently carried, that we are led to offer this one. See how large and clear the type is, and the Bible is only 5%x 7%x 1% inches in size. It contains the necessary "Helps," such as Dictionary of Proper Names, Subject Index, Concordance, 15 Maps, etc., over 300 pages in all, being those portions of the Helps which are most used. Of Christ's kingdom, PSALMS. The church's confidence bz God. of the ivory palaces, whereby they have made thee glad. 9 -" Kings' daughters were among thy honourable women: 'upon thy right hand did stand the queen in Specimen of type in our Style C-1 Bible. The binding is French Morocco, Divinity Circuit Style (see cut), round corners, red under gold edges, and cover is linen lined, thus making a neat, durable, convenient, but inexpensive Bible. Note the Price, $1.50, postpaid. Our order number for this Bible is C-1. We have better bindings at $1.75, $2.75, $3.50 and $4.00. The India Paper Edition bound in genuine levanq Morocco, the best and most durable bindingfor continuous use, costs at our reduced rate $7.25. Write us about any-thing you need in Bibles. Address PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York, N. Y. THE MARKED NEW TESTAMENT. For Missions and MissionWork-ers, the object being to call the reader's attention to certain texts marked in red or black ink in facsimile of hand mark-ings. There are 225 marked verses, bearing on the subject of salvation through Christ, including repentance, faith, obedience, etc. Size 5% x 5% inches. Cloth, cut flush. Price 15 Cents, with discount when ordered in quantity. BLACK BEAUTY. By Annie Sewell. A story of a horse which will teach young and old much about the proper care and treatment of dumb animals. Size 4%x 6% inches, 252 pages, with illustrations, neat cloth binding beautifully stamped in gold and colored inks. Price 40 cts. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO... 39 Bond St., New York City 2  Heb. an high place for us. 4  Cant. 6.8. b 1Kin.2.19. Ps. 66. 5. 7 The LORD of hosts is with us the, God of Jacob is 2  our refuge. Sefah. , Ł 8 'Come, behold the works of tho LORD, what desolations he hatli "a FRIEND IN THE KITCHEN." WE have no apology to offer in bringing to the attention of our readers a cook book discarding an article of diet which is everywhere known to contain disease-producing germs, often of a most virulent type. While "A Friend in the Kitchen" contains no flesh food recipes, it does contain an abundance of that which is most palatable and whole-some, and it- also tells how the foods may be prepared in the best possibleway. Its 400 recipes are inter-spersed with short talks on foods and food combina-tions and other items of practical value and importance to every housewife, as well as to those who wish to study the subject of diet for their own benefit. Remember it contains about 400 carefully tested recipes. The binding is a new preparation resembling leather, is almost as durable, and may be washed the same as oilcloth. Price 60 cents postpaid. GOOD AGENTS WANTED. MIIIIIIIM/111111Ł1111111MM11111111 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. I-1 aA 1_,Pr How to Find It When It's Lost. How to Keep It When It's Found. By B. Franklin Richards. Says the author in his Preface, "This is supposed to be an enlightened age, when experience and knowledge with regard to the body and its diseases have been accumulated by professional men everywhere, yet dis-orders of the stomach have steadily increased in variety and virulence until nearly every person has, to a greater or less extent, come under its influence. With a desire to drop some hint or suggestion that will prove beneficial to those who are now suffering, or who may hereafter suffer, . . . the author sends forth these humble words of warning." "HEALTH" contains 11 chapters, 222 pages, and is bound in dark green cloth. Price, - - - One Dollar. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND ST., NEW YORK, N. Y. OAKLAND, CAL, KANSAS CITY, MO. 