648' THE SENTINEL LIE3nEent: vocate such things. It will be noted that he says that the fines which were imposed as the result of the regulations of the Massachusetts Bay Colony for being absent from, church on Sundays, and, further, the penalties which were inflicted upon, those who did not observe Sunday, reached their climax in the ,infliction of the death penalty; and then he adds-that these things "gave TONE to our national. life.",  Let us note the familiarity of this tone, and what did really give tone to our national life: This 44  Tone " Familiar to 'All the Worthies of the Ages. This "tone." that ,has been so clearly defined, was one with 'Which the three Hebrews were lama-iar, when they heard the mighty roar of the fiery furnace which was heated seven times hotter than usual, and into which they were cast because of their loyalty to their Maker. Daniel recognized, this familiar tone in the roar of the lions as he was thrust into their den because he 'dared to obey " the law, of his, God " in opposi-tion to a government whose laws were never re-vetted.' Jesus Christ _heard this tone as the angry mob exclaimed, "'Crucify him!" ",Crucify him!"; and.  again, as the nails were driven through his tender flesh into the cross tipoir'which he gave his life. The apostles heard it in the clanking of the chains -with which they weie bound in dolesome prison cells.'  From fifty to seventy-five millions of martyrs haveheard this awful tone-in the crackling of the fire that, burned the fagots that were placed about the stakes on which,they were bound and burned, because they refused to renounce their faith in the gospel of Christ. . The same tone was also heard in the drop,of the executioner's, knife on the guillotine block, that sev-ered the heads of those saints Who chose rather to forfeit their lives than to yield the truth that had made them free. Roger Williams -heard it in_ the cold and lonely blasts of winter, during which he was banished for his faith. This same familiar tone has been heard 'in the click of the prison door and the rattling, of the chains and balls on the hardened criminals in the chain-gang, by those who, in this land of so= called freedcim, dared observe the seventh day Sab-bath, and work on Sunday atcording to the law of God. The lc Tone " of ct Our National Life "Ł Determined' by- Immortal Principles.. The principles which have really " given tone to our national life " are diametrically opposed to those which are advocated in the foregoing, as will be seen from the-following quotations: " Congress shall' make 'no law respecting an es-tablishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exer-,-cise thereof."ŠFirst Amendment to the-United States Constitution. " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal; that they, are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-piness."ŠDeclaration of Inilependenee. That which inspired the founders of our Govern-ment to embody these immortal principles in its very foundation was that at that time they were just emerging from the religious bigotry and oppression, of papal and colonial times that had stained;  the history of the past. It should' be evident to every American citizen that our nation's prosperity in the past has been tine to the principles of religious liberty and freedom,. permitting every Iran to worship -4:)d according to, the dictates Of his own conscience; but now there is. a revival of the same old spirit of religious intoler-,  ande, and it is sweeping over the country like a tidal wave.- There -seems to be no question as. to its ultimate 'success when one realizes that the movement has, as -its supporters, the -great re-ligious Ł organizations which are working with all the enthusiasm and power they have "to place all Christian laws, institutions, and Usages of our Gov-. ernment on an undeniable legal basis in the funda-mental law of the land." May every liberty-loving' citizen arouse himself and. labor to rescue-some one from the sinking " ship of state." K.. C. RUSSELL. " THE Roman Catholic priests of Liina, Peru," says the Lutheran Witness," are stirring up their herents against 'evangelical missions:, Protestants were accused of being responsible for the burning of the famous cloister of Ocapa, and although the enmity of the people is, :directed primarily against certain sectarians, the small Littheran congregations,. in 'Lima and Callao are also Made to Suffer:"-. 