22 AIDIEk4lEtICAN VoL. 10, No. 3. I affirm then, that Timothy's principles of coercion and restraint are necessarily con-nected and inseparably linked with the "holy inquisition," and that it is essen-tially the same with that on which all civil establishments of Christianity have been founded, and from which all bloody persecutions have originated since the sword of the civil magistrate learned to serve at the altar. And, has our opposition to the Moral Society as hostile to civil and religious liberty, to pure religion and sound moral-ity, led their defender to avow a principle so dangerous to the community, so sub-servient to ecclesiastical domination, so subversive of the basis of our free govern-ment! 1 And a Pennsylvanian, too Has it been said that it is the duty of the leg-islature to enact, and the civil magistrate to execute, such laws as will protect the public forms of religion from contempt 1 Ambiguous and dangerous assertion! Ca-pable of being carried to any extreme and necessarily tending to make one form of religion the standard, and to trample every other form in the dust. The following is a specimen of legisla-tion on Mr. T.'s principle of coercion and constraint :Š " Be it enacted by the Congress of the United States, acting under the immediate direction of tie Ruler of the universe, in relation to his peculiar cause, and autho-rized by him to protect the public forms of the Christian religion from contempt; a majority of us, notwithstanding, being aliens from the Church, and voluntarily excluded from her communion ; yet, con-ceiving it our duty, as his ministers teach us to protect from contempt the public forms of Christianity, we do enact and decree, that every male, from twelve to sixty-five years of age, shall duly, regu-larly, and devoutly attend all the public ministrations of the " ambassadors of heaven," on the "Christian Sabbath" and other holy days, fast days, etc., etc., and that all females, from fourteen to forty-eight years of age, shall do the same; pro-vided always, that the mercury in Fah-renheit's thermometer on such days is not above ninety-six degrees, nor below four-teen. And provided, also that the pulse of the subject of this law beat from fifty to seventy-five times in a minute. " 2. Be it also enacted, that each per-son stand up in the time of public prayer for at least one half hour, and should his reverence be too prolix, as mercy has ever been preferred to sacrifice, the subject of this law may sit down. " 3. Be it also enacted, that each per-son as above defined shall sing with a loud voice, or if they can not sing, make a suit-able noise as loud as singing; provided always, that asthmatic persons and other invalids be exempted. "4. Be it also enacted, that by the authority aforesaid, whosoever shall transgress the provisions, or neglect to comply with the requirements of this law, shall be punished at the discretion of the clergy; provided always, that none be put to death except in cases of aggravated con-tu macy. "ŠCandidus (Alexander Camp-bell), in Washington (Pa.) Reporter, Oct. 28, 1821. Noble Sentiments. CONDEMN no man for not thinking as you think. Let every one enjoy the full and free liberty of thinking for himself. Let every man use his own judgment,  since every man must give an account of himself to God. Abhor every approach, in any kind of degree, to the spirit of per-secution. If you cannot reason, or per-suade a man into the truth, never attempt to force a man into it. If love will not compel him to come, leave him to God, the Judge of all.ŠJohn Wesley. Notes from a Sunday Law Convention. A REPRESENTATIVE of the American Sabbath Association, Rev. Francis A. Dony, who has been laboring for some time in the interests of that association in eighteen counties of northeastern Pennsylvania, called a convention to con-vene in Wilkes Barre, Tuesday, the 18th inst., at 2 P. M., for the purpose of organ-izing a Sabbath Union. The convention opened with about twenty-five present, and finally increased to forty, including women. The speakers repeatedly assured those present that the number in attend-ance was not an index of the interest there was on Sunday legislation in that part of the State. After the usual formal opening of such a meeting, Dr. Mott, the president of the American Sabbath Association, addressed the convention concerning the object and advisability of having a union in that part of the Slate. He found it not wise to en-force the most stringent laws, and that it was difficult to'secure new laws; but best to labor to have the present existing laws enforced. He spoke of the great victory achieved by the American Sabbath Asso-ciation in closing the World's Fair on Sunday as an evidence of what could be done by such a union. He said his State (New Jersey) being small, they could bring an irresistible pressure upon it. A leading Baptist minister of Pittston, Pa., said that he did not know how a Bap-tist could pull in a Methodist collar, but thought he could in the matter of enforc-ing Sunday laws. The time has been when that kind of a collar could not be worn by Baptists. Roger Williams could not pull in this compulsoryŠreligious--observance collar, and preferred banishment instead; and other noble Baptists, rather than wear such a collar, preferred the public whipping post. It is true it was not for refusing to submit to Sunday laws, but because they would not adhere to laws against their conscientious conviction on baptism. The principle is the same. This modern Baptist continued by illus-trating how we, as citizens, should labor to have all laws of the State enforced, by telling his experience when he was a sol-dier in the civil war. He said after he had questioned some of the army rules and regulations, he was informed that it was none of his business; that he was but a machine to do and carry out what he was told without questioning. And just the same way, he said, should we see that the existing Sunday laws are enforced. Had this policy of blind submission to all human law been followed, the three Hebrews would have bowed before the image; Daniel would have directed his petitions to the king; and Christ would have abandoned the salvation of man and obeyed the laws of the Jews; the apos-tles would have preached no more, but obeyed the command " not to speak at all nor teach in the name of Jesus;" neither would fifty million saints during the Dark Ages have sacrificed their lives for the gospel. The Apostle Peter exclaimed when called upon to obey a law that invaded the right of discharging his duty to worship God according to the dictates of his conscience : " We ought to obey God rather than men." Acts 5 : 29. After such arguments as we have com-mented upon, the convention proceeded to organize a union in that part of the State. They claim to already have an annual financial backing of $1,500. They propose to form law and order leagues in every city and town for the enforcement of the Sunday laws. K. C. RUSSELL. Seventh-day Adventists. THE Independent, of January 3, pub-lished under the title, " The Churches in 1894," short articles, written by represen-tatives of the several churches in the United States, giving denominational prog-ress and events of importance therewith. Under the head, "The Adventists," Elder 0. A. Olsen, President of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists, reports as follows:Š There are two distinct classes of Adventists, viz., those who observe the first day, and those who observe the seventh day of the week. Among the first class are those who occasionally set time for the second coming of Christ; the second class has never engaged in "time setting," but earnestly opposes such interpre-tations of the prophecies. The observance of the sev-enth day of the week as the Sabbath is a marked pecu-liarity of Seventh-day Adventists, which distinguishes them from all other denominations, except the Sev-enth-day Baptists. Seventh-day Adventists hold positions on the so-called change of the Sabbath which led them to regard Sunday as a rival of the Sabbath of the Lord. The repeated arrests and imprisonments of their members for Sunday labor the past year, in different parts of the United States and Europe, help to demonstrate that Sabbath observance with them is not a matter of convenience, or of choice of days, but a question of loyalty to God. It is often said that these people are not compelled to labor on the seventh day, but to re-frain from work on the first day. They reply: "It is with us as with the early Christians; they were not prohibited from worshiping Jehovah; they were sim-ply required to honor the gods of Rome." From the above the reader may see that union among the organized branches of Adventists does not at present seem probable. The principles of faith and practice separating the two leading classes of Advent-ists seem to us as prominent and important as those which distinguish between Protestantism and Cathol-icism. As to the question of growth: In this connection I am prepared to make definite statements only with reference to the Seventh-day Adventists, whom I have the honor to represent. From reports in my posses-sion I am enabled to give the following rates of in-crease for the past year: ordained ministers, 13 per cent. ; licensed ministers, 11 per cent. ; churches, '7 per cent. ; members, 15 per cent. ; and missionary funds, 4 per cent. In many respects tha past year has been the most prosperous in our history. This is especially true of our educational, publishing and medical work. Mis-sions have been established in Mexico, Honduras, British Guiana, Argentine, Brazil and Jamaica. Mis-sionaries have been sent to the Gold Coast and to Matabeleland, in Africa, with the view to establishing missionary stations there early the coming year. Preparations are also being made for opening mis-sions, at the earliest possible date, in China and Japan. A large amount of funds has been raised for this purpose. Our missionary ship "Pitcairn," sailed from San Francisco last July, on its third voyage, with a load of missionaries and supplies, to be distributed among the islands of the Pacific Ocean. One of the most encouraging indications for the fu-ture of our work is the growing missionary zeal man-ifesting itself among our young people. There are at present in our colleges and sanitariums about three hundred young men and women who have consecrated themselves " for life or death to arduous, humble service in the dark regions of this lost world." The prospects for our work were never better than for the coming year. Although Seventh-day Adventists are one of the small denominations, they have as many students in a single one of their 