82 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. vassed on the stump, in the saloon, and on the street, so will religious questions then be can-vassed. Our Reformers talk as if they could maintain the republic, and yet settle the relig-ion of the country once for all time. Is there a single question of religion that has ever been settled, that remained settled in the minds of the people? Are not the people changing in regard to religion as well as to political ques- tions? Would not candidates be put up on this and that religious issue? By such an ar-rangement, religion would become contempti-ble, and one of two things would follow: Relig- ion would be cast out of the Government, as an obnoxiouS thing, and sink lower in the public esteem than it has ever stood; or, a tribunal would be instituted, analogous to the Pope and his Cardinals, who should decide all questions for the people, and their decisions would have to be taken as final. In a word, the outcome would be, a public repudiation of religion, or the adoption of a second papal system. 813. The Amendmentists persist in their af-firmation that polygamy is "a certain form of religion." We affirm that it is an immoralityŠ" a certain form " of crime. We think it has been fully proved in the SENTINEL, that polyg-amy is, and always was, contrary to God's original institution of marriage; that it origi-nated with wicked men; that it was tolerated but never approved by the Lord; that Christ gave no place to it in his comment on the orig- inal marriage institution. It is subversive of',  that institutionŠa denial of the terms in which the institution was given. It is subversive of the family and of society. Marriage is not a "Christian institution," but is of original obli-gationŠgiven before the fall of man, and, of course, would have always existed if man had not fallen; if the system of Christianity had never been required. It is, therefore, an insti- tution which the Government ought to defend and maintain. Most of the StatesŠperhaps all Šhave had laws against bigamy and polygamy, but it remained for the wise men of the "Na-tional Reform Association "__to discover that these laws are contrary to the Constitution ! 814. But we need not argue that these self-styled Reformers ignore all distinctions of crime and religion. When the SENTINEL was first placed before the public, we did argue that question. If any think that our argument was not conclusive, our proof not sufficient, we in- vite their attention to the following words found in the same number of the Statesman, September 16, 1886:Š, "If' Government cannot deal with religious questions, it cannot deal with the crime of murder, adultery, or theft, for, these are relig-ious questions." We have no language at command to express our astonishment that men in this age, with every opportunity to be educated upon ethics, will put on record such declarations. And more especially men who pretend to a knowledge of Christianity. Is it possible that these people really believe that all laws against crime, against murder, adultery, and theft, are relig-ious laws, and unconstitutional under our pres- ent Constitution ? Such is their teaching. If these are religious questions, and if enacting a law against murder, is "religious legislation,"  then we must look again for conclusions. We must conclude, then, that the Constitution does not need. amending, because it now warrants, and always has warranted religious legislation, because it has warranted laws against murder. Or, otherwise, our Constitution does need amend-ing, in order that we may legally punish for the crime of murder; because laws against murder are religious laws, and those now existing are unconstitutional, because our Constitution pro-hibits religious legislation Must we, indeed, inquire if there is any dis-tinction between crime and religion? Is there no limit to liberty short of licentiousness? Are men truly sane who demand a Religious Amend-ment of the Constitution, and demand the abo-lition of the First Amendment of the Constitu-tion, which forbids interference in questions of religion, in order that murder, adultery, or theft may be legally restrained, or punished? These people are so wedded to a theory that they will put forth the most preposterous prop-ositions, and expect the people to accept them without questioning. There is one thing in regard to which we think all must agree: When men ignore the most evident and well-established principles, they are not safe administrators of the laws which rest upon or grow out of these principles. And there is no association of men of the pres-ent ageŠwe will not except those who entirely deny the BibleŠwho toy with principles, and make them subject to their caprices, more than do the National Reformers. We have reason to hope that we shall never see their wild schemes adopted by the American people. We consider it only our duty to do all in our power to warn the people, if, by any means, such a calamity may be averted. J. II. W. A Pernicious Fallacy. VOX POPULI, vox DEI,Š" The voice of the people is the voice of God,"Šis a very popular saying. This might be expected from the very nature of the case; for anything which tends to give " the people " a good opinion of them-selves is sure to be popular. At the same time, no saying was ever invented that was farther from the truth. It is one of the most danger-ous of Satan's lies. Its effect is to lead people to ignore the plain commandments of God, which are revealed in his word, and to put themselves in the place of God. It is taken for 'granted that what " the people " say and do must be right, even though there may be a command of God to the contrary. And thus this mischievous saying leads " the people " to exalt themselves above God, by making them think that by their united action they can change the decrees of God. Men ought to be able to learn something from history; if they do not, history is writtenin vain. The lessons which we learn from the history of the past are equivalent to lessons concerning the future, for, " The thing that hath been, it is that which shall be; and that which is done is that which shall be done." This is true because human nature is the same among all people, and in all ages. Let us recall a few of the things that have been. Within a thousand years after the creation, visions of our Constitution. They go so far as to say (and very foolishly, too) that the First Amendment forbids the suppression of polyg- amy! And therefore, according to the show-ing of their president, they aro trying to break down the barriers against a union of Church ,and State. And this is just what we have af-firmed; they are opening the way for such a union, and when it is opened we may read the result in the, history of the papacy. 2. They demand that the Constitution shall put a difference between the true religion and all false religions. But in order to do this it must first decide what is the true religion. This, as we have before -shown, would take re-ligion out of the domain of individual judgment, of conviction, of conscience, and decide for every individual, and that auth,oritalively, what is the religion that he must accept ! They de-mand that the civil Government shall interfere in the free exercise of religion. But they say they want to enforce the religion of the Bible, against all false religions, or those not of the Bible. But there are several hundred religions profeF4edly based on the Bible. Which shall be enforced as the true one? Whose religion shall be suppressed? The Mormons profess to base their entire system, polygamy included, on the Bible. To carry out such schemes, it will not be sufficient to declare that the Bible shall be adopted as the source of the only religion of the commonwealth. Such a declaration would determine no disputes on religion; would settle nothing. As we have before said, so we now say, Not the Bible, but somebody's construction of the Bible, will be adopted as the religion of the land. It will be a religion based altogether on human judgment and human authority, and not at all on the authority of the word of God. To this they may not reply that all religion is based on human judgment, inasmuch as, with the largest liberty, every one depends upon his own judgment as to what the Bible teaches. That is just as it should be, for religion is a matter of the conscience, and rests between a man-,--every manŠand his Maker. Because a man is fallible and liable to err in regard to the teachings of the Bible, shall he therefore bow to the authoritative decisions of somebody who is also fallible, and equally liable to err? Ac-cording to the teachings of the Amendmentists we must answer, Yes, he shall. But when that answer is made, we have passed entirely over to the position and the teachings of the Church of Rome. We have then no recourse but to ac-cept the infallibility of fallible men. And the Amendmentists cannot evade these conclusions of their doctrines. 3. But our model reformers profess the in-tention to retain the Republican features of our Government. The majority will elect the offi-cers, and they will then, as now, elect those who will carry out their will on all public ques-tions. The majority will alwaysŁ have it in their power to decide what religion shall be en-forced by the Government. They may cause the religion of the nation to be changed at their pleasure. The religion of the nation will then he put upon the market at every general election, for there will then be religio-political par-ties; and as political questions are now can- 