The ' Christian" Flag. 262 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Philippines," it is a question of constitutional govern-ment or of an arbitrary system on American soil. That is the situation as it is, and woe unto the Amer-ican people if they fail to recognize it. We shall have more to say in regard to this matter next week. The "Christian" Flag. BY GEO. B. WHEELER. A CHRISTIAN flag has been originated and brought be-fore the public, which is designed to be the common stand-ard of Christians the world over. It is now used at Chau-tauqua, at camp-meetings, conven-tions, and has been adopted by a large number of churches throughout the coun-try. Its object is said to be that every sect and every nation when on the Lord's business shall carry his colors, and an effort is being made to have it recog-nized by the Govern-ment in connection with religious services in the army and navy. The Christian Flag Extension Society has been organized for the purpose of securing its adoption by the Government and to in-troduce it throughout the country. The flag itself is a beautiful one, consisting of a field of white, with a blue square in one corner in which is a red cross. In the gospel provision for the Christian warfare no mention is made of a Christian flag. It was never used by Christ or the apostles. The flag is always used to represent force. Every nation has its flag, and that flag represents the power of the nation. Thus the Stars and Stripes represents the power of the United States. God is love; his kingdom is one of love. A flag does not properly represent love. This must be done by works which are the result of love. The Christian warfare is not carnal, but spiritual. The Lord says, "Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of Hosts." A Christian flag recognized by the Government might easily be made to represent a distinctive form of Chris- tianity, or some institution or doctrine in which the majority of Christians were agreed; therefore to speak against or oppose any such institutions or doctrines would be to speak against the flag, which would be re-garded as a treasonable offense. As a flag is the proper  emblem of force, a Christian flag recognized by the Gov-ernment would naturally represent the power of the Government behind whatever the Christian flag was made to represent; and in view of the great efforts that are now being made to have a distinctive form of Chris-tianity recognized by the Government, there is not much doubt but it would, if adopted, be used for that purpose. Let not the attention of the world be called to Chris-tianity by means of a flag, but rather by the power of the gospel. Washington, D. C. The Sabbath and National Prosperity. BY BAXTER L. HOWE. IN an article from the Christian Herald is the fol-lowing statement: "Abolish the Sabbath and you abol-ish your religious privileges. Let the bad work go on, and you have 'the commune,' and you have %be revolu-tion,' and you have the sun of national prosperity going down in darkness and blood." This statement is literally true, as is shown in that great object lesson, the Jewish people. God chose Abra-ham because he knew him, and he obeyed God's voice, and kept his charge, his commandments, his statutes, and his laws. When Moses went down to fetch Israel out of Egypt, they had wandered from the way in which their father Abraham walked. A reform was necessary. Moses be-gan by calling them back to the observance of the Sab-bath of the Lord. Pharaoh objected to this and said: "Wherefore do ye, Moses and Aaron, let the people from their works?" "Behold, the people of the land are many, and ye make them rest from their burdens." Ex. 5:4, 5. The opposition of Pharaoh could have been easily met if the people had been willing to obey God. Infidel-ity and atheism can do but little against reform, if the people are willing to be reformed. Israel of old would not "cast away the abominations of their eyes; neither did they forsake the idols of Egypt." Eze. 20:8. In this chapter the Lord brings the charge against them over and over, "My Sabbaths they greatly polluted." While they were yet in the wilderness he told them that if they did not reverence his Sabbaths and keep his statutes they would be scattered among all nations. They insisted, however, upon turning again and again to Baal, the sun god, until there was no remedy. The Lord let them go and the people were scattered. When Christ came those who still held to the true Sabbath had it so buried under their own ideas that the Lord of the Sabbath was not recognized by them. He did not keep the Sabbath as they thought he ought, "Therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus and sought to 