38 41Ł141 AvIETZICAN SENTINEL. IVIlerliCelVAJLe Rcligiolls Liborto fissoGiation tssosxpoY mirt6E tb teAlvg:-IA9  -.1;k-rk AND THE. ontige. roggit- s DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit. ting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil government to legislate on re-ligious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every man to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and hon-orable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil gov-ernment; that we and our follow-citizens may enjoy the ines-timable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES: 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK CITY. 1225 T St., N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO, ILL. 12TH AND CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL: 267 WEST MAIN ST., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. PRESIDENT. SECRETARY. THE Duluth Tribune thinks that " the austere souls who are aiming to merit heaven by mending their neighbor's conduct will have to fall back upon inward grace." THE order prohibiting the landing of immigrants on Sunday, enforced since the Immigrant Bureau removed to Ellis Island, has been revoked, " pend-ing an investigation by the Department," and im-migrants are again allowed to land as soon as they arrive, whatever day of the week it may be. THE Society of Christian Socialists of Boston, Massachusetts, takes a column in the issue of the Christian Statesman of January 23, in the depart-ment of "Industrial Reform," and publishes its dec-laration of principles adopted in 1889. Thus grad-ually, different organizations and influences are combining to one common end; for the realization and legal enforcement of the political theory of Christianity. AT Fall River, Massachusetts, the Sunday laws were strictly enforced on Sunday, January 24. In order to see that the law was not infringed, patrol-men passed through the suspected districts every hour during the day. This is quite a remarkable example of religo-legal atavism. If there are any centenarians in Fall River, they must have recalled with mingled feelings the village beadle of their childhood's days who patrolled the town to see that all attended meeting on the "first day." THE newsboys of Pittsburg protest against any interference with their Sunday selling of papers, and have passed a series of characteristically worded resolutions, in which they petition " other labor people who are older and bigger than we are to help us in our fight to keep our rights and liber-ties." The Paper Carriers Union also condemned the action of the Law and Order League and ap-pealed to labor unions and workingmen generally to assist them in protesting against " an objection-able and obsolete law." The glass-workers have also adopted similar resolutions. THE Pittsburg Commercial Gazette says that the instigators of the action against the publishing and selling of newspapers in that city on Sunday are a joint committee of the American Sabbath Associa-tion and the Law and Order League, and that these societies have a strong support there. A reporter represents Rev. J. T. McCrory, one of the editors  of the Christian Statesman,' as saying, when asked if the various denominations were in sympathy with the movement, that he believed " it would have the sympathy of all of them. . . . The society has been successful in removing all the most glaring desecrations of the Sabbath, with the exception of the Sunday newspapers; and to be true to its interests and objects it must suppress that. . . . The relation of the religious side of the question to the subject need not be considered as a factor; it is sufficient that the civil Sabbath is broken in this manner, and it is this evil that is sought to be remedied. . . . It may as well be definitely understood that this matter will be pushed home until the evil is suppressed. The law is clear on the subject." A GENTLEMAN writes from Texas to a subscriber tO THE SENTINEL ;Š " I rejoice to find that there is such an able organ devoted to maintain or rather to complete the secularizing of the State. "Danger is threatening both from the Catholic and from the evangelical side. So long as dogmatic zealots are conscious of forming a weak minority, they are loud in their praise of religious toleration and liberty. Whenever they feel, that, under its sheltering influence, they have gathered suffi-cient, strength they treacherously return to their old tricks of using the State, in order to compel others to conform to their exclusive canons. . . . " It is important to keep the public vigilantly informed of the sly manoeuvrings of those un-Amer-ican schemers, who are endeavoring to re-enthrall human conscience; and on this account I hope THE AMERICAN SENTINEL will be zealously and exten-sively circulated." UNDER the title, "Sunday in London," the Jewish Times gives a picture of London Sundays which does not comport with the accepted idea of the en-forced Sunday quiet of that city. The Times says: " For a large portion of the poorer classes in London, Sunday is the great trading dayŠa weekly fair, on which they make the bulk of their pur-chases. From an early hour till noon, and more or less through the day, whole streets and quarters of the metropolis are turned into noisy open markets. All the shops are open, costermongers throng the walks, groceries, bread, meat, clothing, fish, vege-tables, crockery ware, cheap jewelry, all sorts of things bought by the lower classes are cried and sold.ŠThe crowd, one half women, is impassable. It is ragged and dirty as well. The noise is deafen-ing. In vain the church bells are ringing; they are not heard nor heeded. "At one o'clock the public houses are opened, and the thirsty crowd rushes into them for gin and beer. The squares and streets of the fashionable quarters are as quiet as any one could desire. The shops in the better class of streets are all closed. except confectioners and tobacconistsŠcigars and sugar plums being necessarily sold on Sundays; but just turn out of Holborn in Leather Lane, or visit the new Cut, in Lambeth, and a half dozen other localities, on Sunday morning, and you will hear what no one can describe. "As to the people who market on Sunday, it is the only day on which they have leisure and money to make their purchases." The Chicago Israelite says, "What religious free-dom the Jews enjoy in this country they are as much entitled to as Catholics, Protestants, or any one else, and there is no need to make special ac-knowledgment of what is theirs by right. Reli-gious liberty was not discovered and patented in the United States, there have been and are other na-tions just as free in that respect as we are, and probably a little more so. In fact, it would be well to wait a while before striking off a coin in com-memoration of religious liberty in this country. There are statutes in some States still =repealed which disfranchise a Catholic or Jew, and even in  the grand old State of Tennessee a good Christian can not take his hay in out of the wet on a Sunday without violating the law. The Jew is just as ap-preciative as anybody else of the rights he enjoys, but being his rights he is under no necessity of making a special spectacle of his gratitude." THE Christian Statesman, in an editorial, voices this threat against the World's Fair management: " Let it also be remembered that the charter of the World's Fair binds it to observe the laws of Illinois, and it will be seen that if petitions fail,, prosecutions will be in order." The same editorial quotes Senator Pettigrew as saying the subject of the Sunday-closing petition was a local issue, and on that account thinks that " evidently the Senator uses his head only for a hat-rack." It is a problem what use for a hat at all they can have who think the United States can properly interfere with the municipal government of Chicago to say that the World's Fair, or any-thing else within that municipality, shall close on Sunday or any other day. A PRESBYTERIAN pastor, a reader of THE SEN-TINEL writes, from a town of Central New York, his approbation of the principles which THE SEN-TINEL represents, and says further:Š The State, as such, according to our Constitution, must be neutral as to religion; that religious education must be assumed by the Church ; and that much of what is said by church writers on the question of religion and the public school, is pure prejudice, and will not stand candid examination. I will add that I believe the real trouble with Prot-estant Churches is their abominable inertia, lazi-ness let us at once say; and that we have come to find it easy to shout `keep the Bible in the public schools,' rather than bestir ourselves and give the children of our parishes real religious instruction.' THE Sunday crusade has been begun in earnest in Fall River, Massachusetts. The drug stores en Sunday, January 24, displayed signs upon their counters, "No cigars sold to-day," "No soda sold to-day," in order to avoid even the appearance of infringement of the Sunday law. The New Bed-ford Standard, of January 25, in a special despatch from Fall River, says:Š " William Griffin and Patrick Connors were each fined twenty-five dollars and expenses in the Sec-ond District Court this morning for keeping open shop on the Lord's day. In the shop of Con-nors the police found him, Samuel Ashworth, and John Griffin, engaged in a social game of " seven up," and each was fined ten dollars and expenses, on a charge of gaming on the Lord's day. These are the first cases that have come to the attention of the court since the new crusade of the police began, but as a great many complaints were lodged by the officers yesterday, there is considerable probability that arrests and raids may be frequent during the week." AT an entertainment given by the Humboldt Verein, of Columbus, Ohio, in that city, lately, dur-ing an address upon the subject, " The Sabbath and the New Testament," Dr. J. B. Schuller said: Finally in 364, the council of Laodicea declared the Sunday as the weekly rest day, for those Chris-tians who wished to keep one, and prohibited for the first time the keeping of the Old Testament Sabbath ordained by Jehovah himself. Notwith-standing this decree of the church, the quarrel about the Saturday and Sunday Sabbath never ended in the Christian Church; at present it ap-pears to break out anew. Two great Christian sects, the Seventh-day Adventists, and the Seventh-day Baptists, which keep the Sabbath according to the Decalogue, are persecuted by all Puritan Chris-tian sects, who influence and control our legislative bodies. To our shame it must be said that the Re-public has degraded herself to imprison and fine peaceable and industrious citizens because they worship God according to the dictates of their con-sciencesŠthough. our Constitution proclaims frde-dom of conscience to all. The American Sabbath question is not merely a question of how people spend their weekly rest day, but a great principle, liberty of conscience is involved; the existence of our Republic and her liberties depend on it. If her citizens submit to one of the dictates of the enslav-ing power of a despotic Puritanism, gradually they will submit to all." R. C. PORTER A. F. BALLENGER 