444 AMERICAN. SENTINEL. The ministers are already beginning to agitate a Sun-day closing feature of the exposition, and, to this effect, were heard by the Christian Endeavor trustees. After their cause was listened to, Secretary Baer was instructed to prepare resolutions supporting their contention and expressing the sentiment of the convention as being op-posed to any Sabbath desecration during the progress of that exposition. The resolution, as adopted, reads as follows " We believe that the Sabbath was given by our Heavenly Father to the children of men to secure to them that physical rest and spiritual uplift which the condi-tions of human life demand. By his sovereign decree the Lord of all has put into the fundamental law for our race the commandment, 'Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy.' "That law cannot be broken without sin. It cannot be universally or generally ignored without arresting the development of manhood toward the Christly ideal. " With deep solicitude the Christian people, who are praying for the coming of the kingdom of God, view the encroachment of business and pleasure on these sacred hours. The Sabbath was made for man, and man can ill afford to lose any institution over which the Son of man proclaims his lordship. Therefore, Be it resolved:Š "First, That the members of the Society of Chris-tian Endeavor be affectionately reminded that in doing whatsoever the Lord Christ would have them do, it be-comes their duty to keep holy unto God the one day in seven which the Creator's loving forethought has re-served unto our most sacred use. " Second, That it is still further their duty to bear positive testimony, in every land and clime where their lot may be cast, to the sanctity of the Lord's day. " Third, That state and local unions be encouraged to use this deliverance as the profound voice of three and a quarter millions of Endeavorers in any battles, politi-cal or social, which they may be forced to wage, in pro-tecting man's highest and dearest interests set forth in the law of God. " Fourth, Under the same sanction of imperial num-bers, the declaration is made that the highest success of industrial expositions and celebrations of historic events, which may from time to time be held in various places, will be secured by strict closure on the Sabbath day and that managers of such expositions be requested, in defer-ence to the Christian sentiment of this country, to ar-range for the closing of their gates and doors on the Lord's day. "That the preamble and resolutions of this report be published in the Official Report of the convention and the press, and a copy furnished to the Toledo Ministerial Union." Several prominent clergymen in attendance upon the convention were so rigid as to the proper observance of Sunday that they would not patronize the street-cars even in going to meet their appointments, in some cases walking three or four miles in preference. In this Ł con-nection the following brief extract from Monday's De-troit Tribune will be of interest:Š "Rev. Joseph Walker of Queensland, Australia, rep-resentative to the world's Christian Endeavor conven- tion, held a large audience interested for an hour with a powerful evangelistic sermon at the Fort Street Congre-gational church yesterday morning. In the course of his exhortation, Rev. Walker made comparison between the Sabbath of Australia and the Sabbath of America. He thanked the Lord that the American Sabbath with its foot ball games and Sunday school picnics had not yet invaded the country where for twenty-nine years he had labored.' He even protested against street-car rid-ing on the Sabbath, and said that only three times in his life, and then only in cases of great emergency, had be ridden in street-cars on the Sabbath. 'I have an en-gagement this evening,' he said, 'but I expect to walk to it.'" Of another foreign clergyman, Rev. John Pollock, of Glasgow, Scotland, another local paper contained this interesting and somewhat amusing paragraph:Š "Rev. John Pollock, of Glasgow, Scotland, walked from the Cadillac hotel to Westminster Presbyterian church; but when he came to fill his Windsor assignment he found he would have to take the.  ferry or swim; and he couldn't swim." The convention placed itself on record very strongly against the seating of the Mormon Congressman-elect Brigham H. Roberts, who is charged with openly prac-tising polygamy. The convention also pronounced in favor of arbitration as a substitute for war and endorsed the czar's alleged peace conference, bbt its members also most vigorously cheered every reference to the noted military heroes of our late war with Spain and our present shameful struggle with the people of the Philip- pines. It was therefore difficult to determine which was most favoredŠpeace or war. J. C. BARTHOLF. Movements in Maine. THE following facts were gleaned from a single issue of the Boston Herald, and should serve to indicate the progress of the Sunday-law- enforcement sentiment among, the sturdy, conservative, and liberty-loving sons of the Pine Tree State:Š "GARDINER, ME., July 8, 1899.ŠAt a meeting of the city government a few weeks ago the victualler's license of Marks Shapiro was revoked on the grounds that Shapiro, who keeps a fruit, confectionery, and tobacco store, dealt in a few frankfurts Sundays, so that he could get a license to keep open shop and sell his other goods. Shapiro felt badly over losing his license, but has not thus far kept his store open on Sunday. However, next Sunday he will keep open and make a test case of the affair. "He says that he knows that he will be summoned into court on Monday, but that he has secured the best of legal talent, and will fight it out to the bitter end. He will not claim that a man has a right to sell goods on Sunday, but he will claim that, as he was granted a license to keep open until next May,, the city government took it away without just cause, and he, having violated 