120 AMERICAN SENTINEL. A "GRAND ARMY" commander at Oil City, Pa., writes us in regard to our issue of February 3, taking exception to what he calls our "attack on the teaching of patriot-ism in the public schools." That the flag salute teaches war, he says, "is not true, and you know it." "But," he adds, "I will tell you one thing : that the boys who made it possible for you to live under it [the flag], will also make it possible for your sect to respect it." In just what way this is to be done it is left to our imagination to depict. WE do not take exception to the flag salute on the ground that it teaches war, but on the ground that it requires a confession of belief in God. We thought we had made this plain in all our references to the subject. It is a fact however that the "patriotism" which in these days is being taught to the children in the schools does embody the war spirit. It is a fact that this teaching is training them for war: The ideals which it sets before the children are military ideals. They are trained to be "patriots" in "boys' brigades" with guns in their hands and the tactics of military drill in their heads. And not even the kindergarten is exempt from the inculcation of this military "patriotism." IT is perfectly natural, however, that it should be so, even in this land where militarism is not deemed a political necessity; for it is only human nature to glorify war. It is human nature to glorify a triumph of physical force. The successful military commander is a hero al-ways. The Bible says that "Greater is he that ruleth his own spirit than he that taketh a city;" but the hu-man idealŠthe man who gets the gloryŠis always the one who takes the city. Human nature ascribes no par-ticular credit to the man who can rule his own spirit; yet it is undoubtedly true that such a man is qualified above all others to serve his country. * A MAN to whom some one has been sending the SEN-TINEL writes in quite a hostile strain from Petaluma, Cal. "I am sorry," he says, "if any of my friends have, so far mistaken my character for loyalty to my country and my purpose to encourage patriotism and good citizenship as to think that I could tolerate or en-eourage a paper of the character of the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL. I care not what a man's religion may be as long  as he does his duty as a citizen and a man; and I cannot think that in these enlightened times and in a republic-like our own, a man's religion ought to impair his useful-ness as a citizen. A man who complains of unjust laws and at the same time refuses to remedy those laws by his influence and his vote, is to say the least very in-consistent." * THERE are doubtless many others who take this view. It is getting to be a prevailing idea that a person's use-fulness in this country is largely measured by his vote. This is due in part to the great importance which is at-tached to the ballot as' an instrument of reform. The two ideas go together. People who are planning reforms in these days ("moral" reforms of courseŠnobody advo-cates any other kind) base their calculations upon the power they can expect to exert at the polls. The man who does not vote is looked upon as nearly if not quite useless in any way having to do with reform or the serv-ice of his country. * * * Now as a matter of fact, how much has really been accomplished by the ballot in the direction of reform? How much has been accomplished in the direction of better government and better conditions of life? Any person who keeps the run of current events can answer this question for himself. For example, here in New York City the effort has long been made to free the city from the control of "Tammany." But after years upon years of balloting, it remains a fact that Tammany was never more securely in control of the city than just now. For years the majority of the people have been dissatis-fied with the government. They have wanted more pros- perity. They have been convinced that the party in power has become corrupt. So they have gone to the polls and turned one party out and put in the other. They have kept on doing this for years; and to day what is the result? The same cry of "hard times," the same reduction of wages and consequent strikes, the same cry of the unemployed, the same charges of veniality in high:places, and of political corruption, are seen and heard now as have made themselves familiar in the past. *, * FOR years the workingmen have struggled to main-tain'what they view as their rights against the encroach-ments of the money power. They have put their tickets in the field and their votes in the ballot box time after time; and yet the conditions remain essentially the same now as they were before. The advantage, if any, remains on the side of wealth. The one fact which is becoming more and more prominent, in other lands as in this, is that commercialism is the "time-spirit" of the age; that it is money, above all other things, that rules. * * * AND still the "reformers" have not lost faith in the 