516 THE SENTINEL OF' LIBERTY. It does not follow, however, that government ought to take cognizance of the immorality of_such an act and endeavor to compel moral rectitude. The im-morality is in the heart. " For out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, false witnesses, blasphemies. These are the things which defile a man:" Bitt the injustice is in the act. The latter can be reached and corrected by civil government; the former can not. It can be corrected only by true ,religion. Therefore Christianity and government occupy essentially different spheres. This is not to say that any man can be a saint in the church and a sinner in public office. It is only saying that all moral responsibility pertains to the individual. The government Veclares and enforces civil rights; Christianity teaches and enjoins moral duties. Civil rights may be respected by immoral men; they will be respected by truly moral men. But even the most scrupulous regard for civil rights not inspired by that love that " thinketh no, evil," falls infinitely below " the affirmative benevolence which religion commands." "There is a wide zone be-tween " them. SOME ERRORS OF tc APPLIED CHRISTIANITY." THE following quotations are taken froin an ar-ticle on " Religion and Politics," which appears on the editorial page Of a leading Chicago daily (the Chicago American, Sunday edition): " I see nothing strange or unreasonable about the proposal to make 'the mind of Christ the mind of out legislation and organizatiOns. It does not seem mystical to rne.tO believe that the mind Of Christ shall become the creative spirit-of political action and eXpres,s'itself in the statutes of the state." "-lot only must government become Christian, but Christianity must become political. Christianity needs the state for its realization asŁ much as the stateneeds Christianity for its redemption and per fection. There can be no adeqUate actualization ofŁ Christianity in, the world except it actualize itself in the political life of, the-nation., The people can never -beŠwholly Christian until the state become's the organiied Christianity of the people. The Christian state will be the political realizatiOn of Christ's quality of right." , These are the utterances of Rev. George D. Herron, D. D., lately .piofeSSor of -" applied -ChriS-tianity" in IOvira State College. As an aponent Of this" Stibiect_Piol. Herron has hot been taken very seriously 'thus, far by. the American people, but it  would be a mistake to suppose that his ideas are producing no impression. That they are accorded space and prominence-in a leading newspaper, proof to the contrary. Prof.,Herron has 'persevered in reiterating them before the public, and is now finding a hearing, which, from his ,standpoint, must be encouraging. The prospect is, indeed, that his conceptions of the relation of ChriStianity to poli-tics and civil :government will be received with in-creasing-favor by the people. For such a result the times are propitious.. Men have become drunken with the wine of false doctrine, until they no longer view things in the light of sober c)mmon sense and of the old and tried principles of right, but see the truth through a mental haze which dis-torts it into every shape of .falsehood. It is a time favorable to the rise of new doctrines. Agitation, intensity, are' characteristic features of this time. People are on the watch to see and to hear some new, thing, but not from a love of the truth. The times portend a famine of truth, with an abundant harvest of error. Prof. Herron tells 'us that he sees " in our land the beginnings of a great political movement, in-spired for the purpose of translating the righteous-ness of Christ into the legislation of the nation and the making of His mind the national political sense of this country." Upon this point he no doubt sees Clearly,. The beginnings of such a "great political movement" are apparent to him who *ill pause and observe what is taking place. Its purpose is no doubt, that "of translating the righteousness of Christ into the. legislation of the nation;" but such a purpose can never be attained. The righteousness of Christ is o-f God, for the salvation of man, whom it reaches.  only through faith. This righteousness came* not by any law not can it be put into the forrni of law. But it does not need to be " translated " into any law, even if this were possible. It is per-fectly adapted to every need of the human family just as Only just as it is will it do any person any goad. In thinking to translate this righteous-, ness 'into legislation, men will only put something of their own deViSing in the place of that righteous-neSS and Pitt their trust in that Which has no salva-tion. That is the trouble with every -scheme which would join Christianity-with politics; it only shuts away frOM salvation thoSe Who trust-in it. God's plan of: salVation is not through politics, but tfii-456gfi faith and loVe. 