268 AmtkicifiNietiNtriNE. it to them, that they may animadvert upon them, as I commanded them, when present. Thus, no sooner was it decided what Was the legitimate and most holy Oath-elle Church," than the citil power was definitely placed at the disposal of this church, with positive instructions to use this power in compelling conformity to the new imperial religion. Persecution was begun at once. The Donatist bish-ops were driven out, and Constantine commanded that their churches should be delivered to the Catholic party. Nor was this done at, all peacefully. " Each party recriminated on the other; but neither denies the barbarous scenes of massacre and license which devastated the African cities. The Donatists boasted of their martyrs; and the cruelties of the Catholic party rest on their own admis-sion; they deny not, they proudly vin-dicate, their barbarities :. ' Is the venge-ance of God to be defrauded of its victims ?' they cried."ŠMilman, " His-tory of Christianity," book 8, chap. 1, par. 5 from the end. And the government, by becoming a par-tisan, had lost the power to keep the peace. The civil power, by becoming a party to religious controversy, had lost the power to prevent civil violence between religious factions. The civil government was sub-ordinated to the church, and was only a tool of the church. Nor was this thing long in coming. It all occurred in less than four years. The Edict of Milan was issued in the month of March, A. D. 313, Before that month expired, the decision was rendered that the imperial favors were for the Catholic Church only. In the autumn of the same year, 313, the first council sat to, decide which was the Catholic Church. In the summer of 314 sat the second council on the same question. And in 316 the de-cree was sent to Coacilianus, empowering him to distribute the money to the minis-ters of "the legitimate and most holy Catholic religion," and to use the civil power to force the Donatists to submit to the decision of the councils and the em-peror. (Continued next week.) Some Scraps of New England History.* IN 1655 Thomas Gould, a Baptist, of Charlestown, Mass., refused to have his baby sprinkled and christened. The regular preacher ordered the church " to lay him under admonition, which the church, was backward to do." Not long afterward he was at church as the law re-quired him to be, and when the time of sprinkling the children came, he went out. He was spoken to about it, but told them he could not stay because he " lookt upon it, as no ordinance of Christ. They told me that now I had made known my judg-ment, I might stay. . . . So I stayed, and sat down in my seat, when they were at prayer and administering the service to infants. Then they dealt with me for my unreverent carriage." Their dealing with hiin Was to admonish him and exclude him from :the communion. In October, 1656, he was accused before the county court for denying baptism to his chld; Of course he was convicted. He vvaS admenished and given till the next tent to. consider his ways. During this tits they made it so unpleasant for him pi4eused froui "Two Republics." that he ceased attending the church at Charlestown, and went to church at Cam-bridge instead. But this, being an appar- ent slight upon the minister, was only a new offense. Although not actually pun- ished, he was subjected to petty annoy-ances, being again and again summoned both to the church and to the court to be admonished, until on May 28, 1665, he withdrew entirely from the Congrega-tional, church, and with eight others formed a Baptist church. This being " schismatical," was counted as open re-bellion, and Gould and his brethren were summoned to appear before the church the next Sunday. They told the magis- trates that they could not go at that time, but the following Sunday they would be there; but the minister refused to wait, and in his sermon " laid out the sins of these men, and delivered them up to Satan." They were called before one court after another, until their case reached the gen-eral court in October. Those among them who were freemen were disfranchised, and if they should be convicted again of con-tinued schism, were to be imprisoned un- til further order. In April, 1666, they were fined four pounds, and were im- prisoned until September, when they were ordered to be discharged upon payment of fines and costs. In April, 1668, they were ordered by the governor and council to appear at the meeting-house at nine o'clock on the morning of April 14, to meet six ministers who Would debate with them. The debate, however, did not amount to much except that it gave to the ministers an opportunity to denounce the Baptists as they wished. The Baptists, asking for liberty to speak, were told that they stood there as delinquents, and ought not to have liberty to speak. Two days were spent in this way, when at the end of the second day, "Rev." Jonathan Mitchell pro-nounced the following sentence from Deut. 17:9-12 :Š And thou shalt come unto the priests and the Levites, and unto the judge that shall be in those days, and enquire ; and they shall show thee the sentence of judgment: And thou shalt do accord-ing to the sentence, which,, they of that place which the Lord shall choose, shall show thee; and thou shalt observe to do according to all that they inform thee. According to the sentence of the law which they shall teach thee, and according to the judgment which they shall tell thee, thou shalt do; thou shalt not decline from the sentence which they shall show thee, to the right hand nor to the left. And the man that will do presumptuously, and will not hearken unto the priest that standeth to minister there before the Lord thy God, or unto the judge, even that man shall die; and thou shalt put away evil from Israel. May 27, Gould and two of his brethren as " obstinate and turbulent Anabaptists," were banished under penalty of perpetual imprisonment. They remained. Accord- ingly they were imprisoned. By this persecution much sympathy was awakened in the community, and a petition in their behalf was signed by sixty-six of the in-habitants of Charlestown, among whom were some of the most prominent citizens. The petition was to the Legislature, and prayed for mercy upon the prisoners, say-ing, " They be aged and weakly men ; . . . the sense of this their . . . most deplorable and afflicted condition hath sadly affected the hearts of many . Ł . Christians, and such as neither approve of their judgment or practice; especially considering that the men are reputed godly, and of a blameless conversation. . . . We therefore most humbly beseech this honored court, in their Christian mercy, and bowels of compassion, to pity  and relieve these poor prisoners." The' petition was by vote declared scandalous' and reproachful. The two persons who) had taken the lead in getting it rip, weft) fined, one ten and the other five pounds, and all the others who had signed the pe-tition were compelled to sign a document expressing their sorrow for giving the, court gulch Just grounds of offense. Report of these proceedings having reached England, thirteen of the Congre-gational ministers wrote, by the hand of Robert Mascall, a letter to their brethren in New England, in which they said :- 0, how it grieves and affects us, that New Eng-land should persecute! Will you not give whatt  you take? Is liberty of conscience your due? Audi is it not as due unto others who are sound ijiN the. faith? Amongst many scriptures, that in the, four-, teenth of Romans much confirms me in liberty oft' conscience thus stated. To him that esteerraftilti anything unclean, to him it is unclean. Thereilaxe though we approve of the baptism of the imme-diate children of church members, and of their admission into the church when they evidence a real work of grace, yet to those who in conscience believe the said baptism to be unclean, it is unclean. Both that and mere ruling elders, though we ap-prove of them, yet our grounds are mere interpre-tations of, and not any express scripture. I can not say so clearly of anything else in our religion, neither as to faith or practice. Now must we force our interpretations upon others, pope-like? How, do you cast a reproach upon us who are Congre4sta, tional in England, and furnish our adversaries with, weapons against us? We blush and are fille4 with, shame and confusion of face, when we bear, oft these things. Dear brother, we pray that ra7>41 would open your eyes, and persuade VIlf2,  heart of your magistrates, that they may no, inoru smite their fellow-servants, nor thus peat4 injure us their brethren, and that they Why mot thus dis-honor the name of God. My diem brother, pardon me, for I am affected; I speak for God, to whose grace I commend you, all in New England;  and; humbly craving your-prayers for us here, and re . main your affectionate brother, ROBERT MASCALL.,, Finsbury, *ear Morefield, March 25, 1669. It seems that the imprisoned. 113aptitsts-were by some means released after about a year's confinement, but t1 next year afterward Gould and Turner wore arrested and imprisoned " a long time." The cases which we have cited are not , by any means all the persecutions and op-pressiong that fell upon the Baptists; but these are sufficient to show that the perse-eution was shameful enough, even had these been all the cases that ever occurred. The Springville, Tenn., SeVenth-day, Adventists. THE people of this quiet neighbonhoocl pursue the even tenor of their way.. The, postmaster at this plate was quite. -tight in saying that the Adventists stilt work on Sunday. And yet the work is done so quietly that very little of it is seen except by those who are on the lookout for it. The Adventists desire,  to avoid if possible giving offense to their neighbors.; but they will not surrender their consciences into, the keeping of anybody. The Adventists believe that the fourth, commandment establishes a difference be-. tween the seventh day of the week and alit other days, and that it is their duty to re--spect that difference. They feel that they-have no right to habitually abstain from secular labor and business on any day of the week except the seventh day, and that to do so would be a violation of the law of God. Thus their Sunday work is as much a matter of conscientious conviction as their Sabbath rest. The fact that the Adventists are con-scientious in working on Sunday makes their proseention for such work a palpable, 