JUNE 21, 1894. C 197 His neighbor became offended at the sight, though while Mr. Whaley was in the Methodist Episcopal Church he chopped wood, worked in his garden, etc., without protest. Mr. Whaley's real crime was in becoming an Adventist. This neighbor hunted around town for an officer to have Mr. Whaley arrested instantly. To the credit of one officer it is said he refused to have anything to do with the matter. Another officer, anxious to servo the cause of persecution, as well as himself in the way of fees (which the county will have to pay), was secured. After revolving the matter over in their minds, a warrant was issued for the arrest of the offending Adventist. This officer, not content with being constable, has decreed himself a detective of the "holy Inquisition" type, and is now engaged in hunting up prey. The Sunday law in Maryland is only pressed against Adventists, it seems, and is being resorted to by bigoted and un-reasonable church members, to crush out, as they hope, Adventism. It would be a good thing for Maryland law officers as well as those who may be "drunk with the wine of Babylon," to note carefully , the words recorded in Acts 5: 33-42. The Sunday law is a wicked law, and is being used for wicked purposes. Perse-cution has always been the rule when the State has enacted religious laws. And people who have appealed to law to force the consciences of men holding contrary views in religious matters, have not served God as they sometimes may have thought. Force is of Satan, and those who appeal to force serve this arch-enemy of God and man. S. B. HORTON. A Sunday Bill in Canada. FoR several years Mr. Charlton, a mem-ber of the Canadian Parliament, has per-sistently kept before that body a Sunday bill. His bill, modified somewhat, is again up for discussion, and in moving its second reading on the 2nd of May, Mr. Charlton said :Š Now, this bill, Mr. Speaker, is based, of course, upon religious considerations. The Sabbath was set apart in the first place to commemorate the creation of the world ; it was set apart by the Creator and hallowed by him. The only institutions, the only blessings that were transmitted to posterity as part of the wreck of man's first estate were the Sabbath and marriage, and when the time came to inaugurate a greater event than the creation of the world, when the time came to redeem Man, the hal-lowed day was changed from the seventh day of the week to the first and re-established as a memorial of redemption. And thus it stands to-day recognized by nearly all Christian churchesŠrecognized by the Catholic Church, recognized by almost every Protes-tant churchŠas the day set apart by Divinity to cele-brate that great event, the greatest of all events in human history. Now, Mr. Speaker, I propose to present this bill not from the religious standpoint except incidentally. I propose to present this bill and urge its claim upon the members of this house from a civil standpoint. I propose to present this bill as a civil measure; as a measure designed to secure for the people of this country their civil rights, and their religious rights as well, under the law. All human law rests upon the Decalogue: Thou shalt not kill; thou shalt not steal; thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor; thou shalt not commit adulteryŠthese are the foundations of civil law. And the Decalogue, Mr. Speaker, is not a partial obligationŠit is a symmetrical whole; and the State cannot observe part of the Decalogue and disregard part of the Decalogue. If it gives heed to the sixth or the seventh or the eighth commandment, it must give heed also to the fourth, which is a part of the symmet-rical whole. Now, although there is no union of Church and State in this country, there is, nevertheless, some intimate connection between the civil institutions of the country and religious obligations. No State can be entirely divorced in its laws and usages and consti- tutions from this obligation. . . . So, sir, we are bound, in the consideration of this question, to give the requirements of the higher, the divine law, due consideration. We are bound to permit these require-ments to have their due weight and to determine what bearing they have upon our civilization and to what extent we are meeting these requirements. . . . I may be permitted to say, or rather it may be necessary to say a few words with respect to the change from the seventh day of the week to the first day of the week. I judge this is necessary from the fact that last year one of the leading newspapers of this city contained an editorial, in which it combatted the position that the law with respect to Sabbath rest had any application now, or if it had any application it referred to Saturday and not to the first day of the week, and an honorable friend, who sits behind me, took the same ground, that we were arguing for the enactment of a law requiring the observance of a day for the observance of which there was no sanc-tion or requirement in the divine law. I do not think it is necessary to enter into a learned dis-quisition on this point. Suffice it to say that the Catholic Church has accepted the first day of the week as the Lord's day, and the PrOtestants have accepted it, with one or two trifling exceptions, and the change of the day is held to rest upon the example of the early Apostolic Church. . . . I desire to refer to certain Catholic authorities. I take the lib-erty of reading what the holy father, Pope Leo XIII. said about this matter. His holiness said :Š " The observance of the sacred day which was willed expressly by God from the first origin of man, is imperatively demanded by the absolute and essential dependence of the creature upon the Creator. And this law, mark it well, my beloved, which at one and the same time so admirably provides for the honor of God, the spiritual needs and dignity of the man, and the temporal well-being of human life; this law, we say, touches not only individuals, but also people and nations, which owe to divine Providence the enjoy-ment of every benefit and advantage which is derived from civil society. And it is precisely to this fatal tendency, which to-day prevails to desire to lead man-kind away from God, and to order the affairs of king-doms and nations as if God did not exist, that to-day is to be attributed this contempt and neglect of the day of the Lord. They say, it is true that they intend in this way to promote industry more actively, and to procure for the people an increase of prosperity and riches. Foolish and lying words! They mean, on the contrary, to take away from the people the comforts, the consolations and the benefits of religion; they wish to weaken in them the sentiment of faith and love for heavenly blessings; and they invoke upon the nations the most tremendous scourges of God, the just avenger of his outraged honor." These are the words of the head of the Catholic Church. These are weighty words, these are words of wisdom, these are words that every man, whether Catholic or Protestant, in this Dominion may well heed, these are words directly warranting the action proposed on this occasion, to ask by legislative enact-ment to some extent the honoring of this day for which his holiness speaks. I have here expressions on the same line from his eminence Cardinal Tas-chereau, from his grace Archbishop Fabre, from his eminence Cardinal McCloskey, from Cardinal Gib-bon's, from Archbishop Ireland, from Archbishop Riordan, from Archbishop Goss, from Bishop Keene, of Richmond, Va., from the bishop of Buffalo. All these Catholic prelates take exactly the same position (some of them in a more pronounced. way) that is taken by the head of their church. As to the Protes-tant clergy, it is unnecessary to quote from them; it is only necessary to say that all are in favor of legislation that will secure a better observance of this day for the public benefit and for the civil government of man. It is thus that Mr. Charlton presents his Sunday bill from a " civil standpoint." Of course lie indulged in the usual plati-tudes concerning the " civil benefits " to be derived from Sunday observance, but as a whole his speech was religious; and why not ? for he told the simple truth when he said, " This bill, Mr. Speaker, is based, of course, upon religious considerations." No Sunday law was ever based on any-thing else. This Dominion Sunday bill is simply like its fellows,Šfor the benefit of the prevailing religion. o  I AM a Baptist, and I say that the man who would establish a religious qualifica-tion for citizenship or office under this Government or any other government is as unfit for membership in a Baptist church as Judas Iscariot was for the apos-tleship.ŠRev. J. B. Hawthorne. Some Plain Truths by an A. P. A. [The following was sent to the Citizen, an A. P. A. paper published in Boston, but it was declined. The writer asks that it be published in the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL, which not being an A. P. A. organ, is as ready to smite papacy masquerading under the name of Protestantism as when labeled " Romanism." It is the principle that is to be condemned and opposed, not any particular embodiment of that principle.] To the Editor of the Citizen : THE writer of these lines is a staunch A. P. A. My hands are the calloused ones of the hard-working man. They are more used to the hammer than to the pen. And if, once in my life, I leave the former for the latter, it is because those who are better qualified keep still. As for me, I can no longer be silent. Week after week I have watched the col-umns of the Citizen to see if somebody would not sound the note of alarm. But in vain ! If nobody else will speak the truth, I shall. That simple, burning, shameful truth is this: there is a conspiracy in the camp; the gates are secretly opened by our friends to let the enemy in; there are Protestant Romanists even in the A. P. A. The most lamentable part of it is that this enemy is so closely related to us, so self-deceived as to disarm antagonism. If I should point him out now, many I fear would not recognize him. They wouldŁbe horrified and indignant if I should name this foe of liberty. To the deceived ones and to those who are sleeping on guard, I say: In the name of liberty and country, listen to me for a few moments and then judge for your-selves ! What is the A. P. A. ? Its object, says our platform, is "to keep the pope of Rome and his emissaries from interfering " with our Government. We are willing and glad to grant " all religions equal rights ; " to allow all Cath-olics to remain such in all freedom. We are " not against Roman Catholics as a Christian body." They may take their religion from the pope or the fathers or the heathen to their hearts' content; but .we are, and tremendously, against, their taking their politics from Rome and practicing it on our Government. And why ?ŠBecause Rome's fundamental article of politics is " the right of perpet-uating the union of Church and State; " the right not " to leave every man free to profess and embrace whatever religion he may deem true; " " the right to require that the Catholic religion shall be the only religion of the State, to the exclusion of all others; " " the power of requiring the State not to permit free expression of opinion." And yet this is the very state of things which many " Protestants " are trying to introduceŠa union of Church and StateŠa governmental religion! What have we to do with Rome until we have cleaned the camp from such traitors? Now I want you to be able to recognize this angel-faced monster when you see it. It strikes at the very rootŠjust as much as the foreign potentate on the TiberŠat the very root of our dearest, immortal, American principles, which every A. P. A. is sworn to defend. What are these principles ? A. P. A. PLATFORM. Congress shall make no law respecting an establish-ment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise' thereof.Š U. S. Constitution. Every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is accountable to God alone for his religious faith, and should be protected in worshiping God according to 