3'72 /E AMERICAN SENTINEL. spirit, To have the " insight of genius " is intoxicating to an ordinary mortal. But intoxication does not prepare for serv-ice even though it be only spiritual. What is the " world tendency of which we hear so much and from which so much Ł is to be gained ? What can be the ten-dency of a world in revolt from God ? Who is the ruler of this world ? Alas! it has not yet passed from under the control of Satan. While heavenly forces strive for the mastery and are increasingly vic-torious he is a wild prophet indeed, a false seer, who would dare to say that the kingdoms of this world have become suf-ficiently the kingdoms of our Lord to war-rant his followers rendering them obedi-ence. God indeed moves through the ages, ruling and over-ruling, but Satan moves also. He is ever being thwarted but he is ever deceiving men to their ruin. His power to do real harm lies along this line. When he leads astray the children of God he does his most deadly work. The world tendency so far as participated in by God's people is the most terrible apostasy the ages have seen. III. This movement is to be avoided also because it is an attack upon the rights of the individual. I do not stop here to note the impossibility of its success. Men are never improved in the mass. That is not the point here, however. The doc-trine of co-operation, as a celebrated evan-gelist says, is " the application of the trust principle in religious work." The difference in principle between combina-tions of labor is infinitisimal. So, then, trades unionism is to be the law in all successful Christian work. There are no rights of man but the right to do what the combined judgment of his Christian rulers tell him to do! The Pope asks no more. Superstition can do better than this for there is a possibility of escape, but when the highest Christian judgment and authority leaves us no choice but im-plicit obedience to human authority act-ing for God, human rights, the right of private judgment, liberty of conscience which Christ came to give men, has passed away.ŠC. H. Moscrip, in Central Bap-tist. Would Our Forefathers Blush? THE following dialogue is said to have taken place between an artist and a Cath-olic priest while the former was painting the pictures of Paul and Peter on the walls of a grand cathedral :Š Priest.ŠAnd Patrick, why do you put so much red on the cheeks of the apostles ? Artist.ŠBecause I imagine as they look down upon their successors how they must blush ! As I have contrasted the sentiments of Wesley and others with their successors of to-day on the subject of religious lib-erty I have thought, if the pictures of the former were to be painted, that it would take a good deal of red paint on their cheeks to produce the required blush. Let those who think the language too ,strong compare the spirit of those who are boycotting, oppressing and imprison-ing, like felons, devoted and God-fearing Christians who differ from them reli-giously, with the spirit voiced in the follow-ing words by John Wesley :Š Condemn no man for not thinking as you think. Let every one enjoy the full and free lib-erty of thinking for himself. Let every man use his own judgment, since every man must give an account of himself to God. Abhor every approach, in any kind of degree, to the spirit of persecution. If you can not reason or persuade a man into the  truth, never attempt to force a man into it. If love will not compel him to come, leave him to* God, the Judge of all. Dr. Clarke, the Methodist commen-tator, says in his notes on " Compel them to come in," Luke 14: 23 :Š NoOther kind of constraint (than prayers, coun-sels, entreaties, etc.) is ever recommended in the gospel of Christ. Every other kind of compulsion is anti-Christian, can only be submitted to by cowards and knaves, and can produce nothing but hypocrites. Persecution is so far from being encouraged by the gospel, that it is most directly contrary to many of its precepts, and indeed to the whole genius of it; it is condemned by the example of Christ who went about doing good ; who came not to destroy men's lives but to save them ; who waived the exercise of his miraculous power against his enemies, even when they most unjustly and cruelly assaulted him, and never exerted it to corporal punishment, even of those who most justly deserved it. From all this we may learn that the church which tolerates, encourages, and practices persecu-tion, under the pretense of concern for the purity of the faith, and zeal for God's glory, is not the church of Christ; and that no man can be of such a church, without endangering his salvation. Would that the words of these godly men might be indelibly stamped upon the heart of every Methodist and every other person in the land; then there would be no need of their forefathers blushing were they to look upon their successors. K. C. RUSSELL. Northumberland, Pa. Not American after All. NOTWITHSTANDING all that has been said about the " American Sabbath," the Woman's Christian Temperance Union has repudiated the qualifying word, and if consistent the ladies of that organiza-tion will hereafter use only the term, " the Sabbath," to describe the day which they regard as sacred to rest and devotion. This action, which was taken at the Wo-man's Christian Temperance Union Con-vention in Denver, October 28 to No-vember 2, was on this wise : A resolu-tion was under discussion which declared " for the protection of the home against the saloon; for the enfranchisement of woman, and for the preservation of our American Sabbath." The official record tells the story thus:Š Mrs. Babcock moved to amend the resolution by substituting the word " the " for " our American " before the word "Sabbath." A member opposed the striking out of the word " American " on the ground that this is an Amer-ican Women's Christian Temperance Union, while Mrs. Babcock supported her motion, saying, " The Sabbath is not a national but a divine insti-tution. It was given at the creation of the world, not for one nation, but for all people and for all time. We have in our membership in the Wo-man's Christian Temperance Union those of all nations and of all religious beliefs." Mrs. Sickles spoke to the point, that this word " American " affords a contrast to the kind of Sab-bath that is kept all through the heathen world, and for that reason she opposed the amendment. Dr. Anna Shaw said: "I am in favor of the amendment. If the Sabbath was ours and Ameri-can only, I should see nothing especially sacred in it. It is not ours, neither is it American, and I think we ought not to claim the Sabbath, even if we do try to Claim the world as American. We ought not to make a distinction between our Sab-bath and somebody else's Sabbath." The amendment was put to the house and carried, and no further changes offered until the convention reached the resolution relative to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, when Miss Pugh moved that 'in its preamble the words, " Lord's day " be changed to " Sunday." Again we quote from the official min-utes :Š A member thought that if a change were made at all, it should be to the " Sabbath," because Sun-day is a name which comes to us from the heathen world. Miss m Pugh explained that the Sabbath is the seventh day in the week. Every day is the Lord's day. Sunday is the day which has been specially set apart. It was stated by different members that there is Bible authority for calling it the Lord's day and also the Sabbath. Mrs. Campbell said : " I sincerely hope that this change will not be made. We have people in Wis-consin who will think it is Saturday if it is changed to the Sabbath." The motion to change from " Sunday " to " Sab-bath " was lost, while that to change the " Lord's day " to " Sabbath " was carried. Of course there was no consistency in this action. Sunday is not the Sabbath; and while not officially admitted by the body, was, in this discussion, repeatedly brought home to the attention of the con-vention by the admissions to that effect made by several of the members. It is an unwelcome truth that Sunday is only a counterfeit, and a usurper, but it is being rapidly brought to the attention of the people so that in supporting it and deny-ing the Sabbath of the Lord, they are without excuse. God has not left hitnself without witnesses. C. P. B. Paternalism. WE would naturally and properly ex-pect that the National Reformers, who are so bold in their demand that others shall obey the laws _of the land (even their unrighteous Sunday laws), would always be careful themselves to keep in harmony with the law. And surely they would never advocate any course of ac-tion that would be contrary to " law and order." But, no, they are just as ready to imitate their great modelŠthe Papacy Šin that matter as they have proved themselves to be in other things. In a speech at Kansas City, Mo., last September, Rev. W. F. Crafts said their next work was to pour in their petitions on the World's Fair Commissioners so' that they would not dare to open the Fair on Sunday. And if they fail (in closing the Fair) we must ask Congress again, to make sure that the American custom and not the loose evil manners of foreigners shall prevail in regard to the Sabbath. Mr. Crafts and his fellow craftsmen know perfectly well that Congress has no right to say anything in regard to the matter; for they know thatŠ The powers not delegated to the United States by this Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, cr to the people.Š U. S. Constitution, Amendment 10. And the question under consideration is, and always has been, one of those reserved powers. Yet in that speech Mr. Crafts said:Š Congress has sent a great fair into Illinois, and Congress must see that the State is protected from a violation of its lawsŠmust see that the Commis-sioners shall not be allowed to break down these elements of morality. So in order to carry out their purpose "they are not only willing, but even de-mand, that Congress shall nullify one of the most inviolable of States' rights. And they would have it done on the flimsy pretext that the State of Illinois is not able to protect itself from being overridden, and its police regulations broken down, by the managers of the Fair. But the Constitution which pro-hibits Congress from meddling with the police regulations of the States, also pro-vides that when a State is not able to con- 