We are constantly improving our foods, and adding to our list as the result of experimental researches conducted in the Sanitarium Laboratory of Hygiene and our Experimental Kitchen. For the latest descriptive circular and price list, address, SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO., - BATTLE CREEK, MICH. MAY 25, 1893, 167 however, to explain why it was that the Sunday paper should be put under the ban of the law, when, as Mr. Crafts said, it was being rapidly suppressed, and under a, law now in force and which was accomplishing the ends so devoutly wished by the two missionaries to dark-est Louisville. Why ask for another ban when one at hand is doing the suppressing act ? The fact is there is law enough, if there were a public sentiment demand-ing enforcement; and not all the laws of colonial times, nor of this bustling age will suppress the Sunday paper, nor any other thing until the public can be brought to believe the object of attack is harmful; and the Sunday paper is not more harmful than the paper of the other days of the week; neither is the labor of the printer on the Sunday more harmful, in itself, than the labor of the servants of the gentlemen of the convention who pre-pare their comforting and comfortable Sunday dinner. If the attack is to be made let the gentlemen attack the paper of Monday morning to which they expressed no objection and which they read; yet the news is gathered for it on Sunday, writ-ten up and set up on that day requiring an army of reporters, editors, telegraph operators, messenger boys, printers, proofreaders, firemen and engineers. Why did the convention neglect to take action on the slavish condition of these men at the time its tenderest solicitude was being exercised on behalf of the men who work on Sunday papers and whom they denominated slaves, yet whose work is nearly all done on Saturday ? Were they, are they, afraid of the Sunday news-paper as a competing influence ? If so the remedy is with themselvesŠat least the fault is.ŠKentucky Journal, May .71. YOUNG PEOPLES' LIBRARY. SERIES I. Every volume in this library contains choice, wholesome, instructive reading, and while designed for the young, it will be equally interesting to every member of the family. Each volume has 160 pages, is fully illustrated and substantially bound in fine col- ored cloth, handsomely embossed in jet and Šgold.Š Series 1 contains six volumes, which are as follows:- 1. FIJI AND SAMOA.ŠJottings from the Pacific, No. I. 2. JACK THE CONQUEROR. S. SAVONAROLA, the Florentine Martyr. 4. THE TONGA ISLANDS AND OTHER GROUPS.ŠJottings from the Pacific, No. 2. 5. LETTERS FROM THE HOLY LAND. 6. AMONG THE NORTHERN ICEBERGS. The set, in cloth, in a box, sent, post-paid, for $3.60; single volumes, 60 cents each; paper, 25 cents. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, 12th & Castro Streets, I 43 Bond Street, Caution), am. NEW Yes:. Abiding Sabbath And Lord's Day. BY ALONZO T. JONES. A pointed review of the $500 and $1,000 prize essays in support of the Christian Sabbath, so called. Those desiring some -$1,000 reasons for keeping the first day of the week, will find them here. 178 pages, 20 cents. Pacific Press, 43 Bond St., New York City, WE manufacture a choice line of these goods, entirely free from lard and all adulterations, at the following prices:Š "A" Fruit Biscuits, white flour, - sweetened, per lb. lie .,B,, " whole wheat flour, " " " .....15c Fruit Crackers, not sweetened 0 .....15c Lemon Cream Biscuits,.....12c Graham   46 " " .....12c Oat Meal 66 44 " .....12c Graham Crackers slightly sweetened " " .....10c not sweetened  " " .....10c Graham Cracker, (water crackers for dys- peptics  66 " .....10C Oat Meal "   slightly sweetened " " .....10c not sweetened  " " .....10c Whole Wheat Crackers,  " " .....10c White " very palatable,  " " .....10c Carbon 44 " .....15c Gluten 44 " 30c Cereola, a prepared grain food, in bulk, . " .....10c (The same as formerly advertised under the name " Granola.") Pure Gluten, in bulk,. , .pe,r lb 40c Wheat " 0 66 Cereal Coffee, prepared from grains only, a very  choice and healthful drink, in one and a half lb. packages (Once used, never again refused) 25c Goods to the value of eight dollars, will be sent on the re-ceipt of six dollars, being 25 per cent. discount. We are now prepared to supply in large quantities the small, round Butter Crackers, purely butter shortened, and deal, rs wishing to handle such will do well to write us for prices, stat-ing how many barrels they wish to purchase, etc. The price per barrel of about 50 lbs. is seven and one half cents per lb. Cereola and Gluten are prepared foods, thoroughly cooked and ready for use by the addition of some fluid, as milk and cream, fruit juice or water, as best agrees with the individual. Cereola is a universal Health Food, and is calculated for use For more than sixteen years the Battle Creek Sanitarian has maintained a Health Food Depart-ment, at first for the benefit of its patients and pa-trons, later, and for more than a dozen years, with increased facilities, to supply the general public. Within the last year More Than ISO Tons of the following named foods have been manufac-tured and sold:Š Oatmeal Biscuit, Rye Wafers, Medium Oatmeal Crackers, Fruit Crackers, Carbon Crackers, Plain Oatmeal Crackers, No. I Graham Crackers, Avenola, No. 2 Graham Crackers, Granola, Plain Graham Crackers (Dyspeptic), Wheat Granola, White Crackers, Whole Wheat Wafers, Gluten Food, No. I, Gluten Wafers, Gluten Food, No. 2, Infants' Food. Granola, The Gem of Health Foods. Our Granola, which has now been manu-factured by us for nearly seventeen years, is unquestionably the finest health food ever devised, and is greatly superior to any of the numerous imitations to which its success has given rise. both in sickness and health. In ordering, please remember that the rate of freight on 25 lbs. will be the same as on 100 lbs. Remit by Bank Draft, Money Order, Express Order, or Postal Note. No private checks accepted. During the month of November last we have added new and improved machinery to our plant and otherwise increased our manufacturing facilities. Therefore, with these superior ad-vantages, we promise the consumers of Health Foods a nicer and more palatable article in this line than has ever before been produced. Write us for special rates on large bats. REFERENCES. To whom it may concern: We, the undersigned, residents of Battle Creek, Mich., take pleasure in stating that Mr. Joseph Smith, manager of the Health Food Department of the Battle Creek Bakery Co., has resided in Battle Creek for nearly 20 years, and is a competent and responsible man, and of long experience in his line of busi ness, and one whose goods we can heartily recommend to the public. URIAH SMITH, Editor Review and Herald. HON. W. C. GAGE, Ex-Mayor. J. B. KRUG, of Krug's Business College. THOMAS H. BRIGGS, M. D. HoN. GEORGE WILLARD, Pub. Journal. S. S. FRENCH, M. D. R. T. KINGMAN, Vice-President City Bank. M. RORABACHER, M. D. Hos. W. H. llle,soN, postmaster. HON. J. W. BAILEY, Ex-Mayor. T. E. &sus, 11I, D. HEALTH FOODS. PURE CRACKERS AND BISCUITS, and Cereal Coffee MANUFACTURED BY THE BATTLE CREEK BAKERY COMPANY ESTABLISHED IN 1881. "D" .A11 144B11 44 Address, BATTLE CREEK BAKERY CO., Battle Creek, Mich,. THE BATTLE CREEK SANITARIUM 'HEALTH FOODS, TO THE PUBLIC : This certifies that the Battle Creek  Sanitarium Health Foods, manufac-tured by the Sanitarium under the name of the Sanitarium Food Com-pany, are made under my direction and supervision, and that Granola and the other special foods manufactured by this company, are not made or sold by any other firm or person except their duly authorized agents. J H KELLOGG, M. D. Our goods are shipped to every part of the worldŠto Australia, New Zealand, India, Persia, and other foreign countries, as well as to all parts of the United States; and in every instance they have demon-strated their wonderful keeping properties. The following are a few of the hundreds of testimonials received from persons who have for years made use of our foods. MICHIGAN. I have for three years used the "Health Foods" in my family, and can heartily recommend them, both for purity and health-giving properties. C. F. PORTER, D. D. S. INDIANA. Your "Health Foods" are the wonder of the nineteenth century. I have used Granola but a short time, but have already experienced relief from indigestion and acid, or flatulent dyspepsia. I also find the Zwie- bach nourishing and toothsome. D. M. KAURFMAN. I have personally tested your excellent food known as Granola. It is highly pleasing to the taste, easy of digestion, and the most nutritive cereal production with which I am acquainted. D. R. W. BULA. NEW YORK. Your Granola is the best selling invalid food I have ever handled. I have already sold nearly two thousand pounds. A. J. BaouofrroN. CONNECTICUT. We have used your "Health Foods " in our family for three years and can not get along without them. Having been troubled with dys-pepsia and chronic inflammation of the stomach, I found that your Gran-ola, Avenola, Wheatena, and Gluten are the only foods that I can eat with safety. Wm. M. 111EawIN. OHIO. Our baby is a testimonial to Sanitarium food. She is ten months old, weighs twenty-eight pounds, and is as ruddy and healthy a specimen as can be seen. She has actually gained flesh while cutting her last two teeth. Her flesh is firm and sound, and she is very strong. MINNESOTA. We have twins, and the little fellows are thriving nicely. The food agrees with them perfectly and I have recommended it to many who are bringing up babies " by land." D. W. MCOOURT. 