AMERICAN SENTINEL. 681 you are in the wrong. When you are the stronger you ought to tolerate me; for it is your duty to tolerate truth. But when lam the stronger I shall persecuteyou; for it is my duty to persecute error." Macaulay was a close thinker and a sound reasoner on the province, nature, and object of civil government. His essays bearing on these subjects are worthy of care-ful reading, not only by statesmen and public instructors, but by clergymen and Christians in general. Do not fail to read our "special offer" on the last page. Union of Church and State Condemned by His-tory. ŠNo. 3. By B. W. Noes, M. A. THE consequence of this union between an irreligious prince and the clergy, who were already much corrupted, was lamentable. At the conclusion of this century there remained uo more than a mere shadow of the ancient,  government of the church. Many of the privileges which had formerly belonged to the presbyters and people were usurped by the bishops; and many of the rights which had been formerly vested in the Universal Church were transferred to the emperors and to subordinate magis-trates. The additions made by the emperors and others to the wealth, honors, and advantages of the clergy, were followed with a proportionable augmentation of vices and luxury, particularly among those of that sacred order who lived in great and opulent cities. The bishops, on the one hand, contended with each other in the most scandalous manner, concerning the ex-tent of their respective jurisdictions; while, on the other, they trampled on the rights of the people, violated the privileges of the inferior ministers, and emulated, in their conduct and in their manner of living, the arrogance, vo-luptuousness, and luxury of magistrates and princes. This pernicious example was soon followed by the several ecclesiastical orders. The presbyters, in many places, assumed an equality with the bishops in point of rank and authority. We find also many complaints made of the vanity and effeminacy of the deacons. An enormous train of superstitions was gradually substi-tuted for genuine piety. Frequent pilgrimages were un-dertaken to Palestine and to the tombs of martyrs. Absurd notions and idle ceremonies multiplied every day; dust and earth brought from Palestine were sold and bought everywhere at enormous prices, as the most pow-erful remedies against the violence of wicked spirits. Pagan processions were adopted into Christian wor-ship, and the virtues which had formerly been ascribed by the heathen to their temples, their.lustrations, and the statues of their gods, were now attributed by the baptized to their churches, their holy water, and the images of saints. Rumors were spread abroad of prodi- gies and miracles; robbers were converted into martyrs; many of the monks dealt in fictitious relics, and ludi-crous combats with evil spirits were exhibited. "A whole volume would be requisite to contain an enumer-ation of the various frauds which artful knaves practiced with success to delude the ignorant, when true reli-gion was almost superseded by horrid superstition."ŠMosheim. The number of immoral and unworthy persons bear-ing the Christian name began so to increase, that exam-ples of real piety became extremely rare. When the ter-rors of persecution were dispelled, when the churches en-joyed the sweets of prosperity, when most of the bishops exhibited to their flocks the contagious examples of ar-rogance, luxury, effeminacy, hatred and strife, with other vices too numerous to mention, when the inferior clergy fell into sloth and vain wranglings, and when multitudes were drawn into the profession of Christianity, not by the power of argument, but by the prospect of gain and the fear of punishment, then it was, indeed, no wonder that the churches were contaminated with shoals of prof-ligates, and that the virtuous few were overwhelmed with the numbers of the wicked and licentious. The age was sinking daily from one degree of corruption to another., and the churches were thus prepared for that fatal heresy which at one time seemed to threaten the extermination of evangelical doctrine throughout Christendom. The Pope's Statement of Papal Claims. IN these days when so many assertions are made by Roman Catholics and others, setting forth the Roman Church as the champion of religious freedom and the de-fender of the rights of conscience, it is well to know and bear in mind what claims Rome actually makes for her-self on this point. The authoritative statement, against which all contrary assertions are of no weight whatever, is given in the Syllabus of Pius IL, issued December 8, 1864. Of the Catholic Church it is there declared:Š "She has the right to require the state not to leave every man free to profess his own religion. "She has the right to deprive the civil authority of the entire government of public schools. "She has the right of perpetuating the union of church and state. "She has the right to require that the Catholic reli-gion shall be the only religion of the state, to the exclu-sion of all others. "She has the right to prevent the state from grant-ing the public exercise of their own worship to personsŁ immigrating into it. "She has the power of requiring the state not to per-mit free expression of opinion." And all this has been approved by the present pon-tiff, Leo XIII. In a letter to the Bishop of Periqueux, dated July 27, 1884, Leo said:Š "The teaching given in this Apostolic See, whether contained in the Syllabus and other acts of our illustri- 