62 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. with threats and bribes. If it employs reasons, it does so, not in virtue of any powers which belong to it as a Government. Thus, instead of a contest between argument and argument, we have a contest between argument and force. Instead of a contest in which truth, from the natural constitution of the human mind, has a decided advantage over falsehood, we have a contest in which truth can be victorious only by accident  Nothing is so galling to a people not broken int from the birth, as a paternal, or, in other words, a meddling Gov-ernment, a Government which tells them what to read, and say, and eat, and drink, and wear. Our fathers could not bear it two hundred years ago; and we are not more patient than they." "If the relation in which Government ought to stand to the people be a paternal relation, we are irresistibly led to the conclusion that perse-cution is justifiable; for the right of propagat-ing opinions by punishment is one which belongs to parents as clearly as the right to give instruction. A boy is compelled to attend family worship; he is forbidden to read irrelig-ious books; if he will not learn his catechism, he is sent to bed without his supper; if he plays truant at church-time, a task is set him. If he should display the precocity of his talents by expressing impidus opinions before his brothers and sisters, we should not much blame his father for cutting short the controversy with a horse-whip. All the reasons which lead us to think that parents are peculiarly fitted to con-duct the education of their children, and that education is a principal end of the parental relation, lead us also to think that parents ought to be allowed to use punishment, if nec-essary, for the purpose of forcing children who are incapable of judging for themselves, to re-ceive religious instruction and to attend relig-ious worship. Why, then, is this prerogative of punishment, so eminently paternal, to be withheld from a paternal Government? It seems to us, also, to be the height of absurdity to employ civil disabilities for the propagation of an opinion, and then to shrink from employ-ing other punishments for the same purpose. For nothing can be clearer than that, if you punish at all, you ought to punish enough. The pain caused by punishment is pure un-mixed evil, and never ought to be inflicted, except for the sake of some good. It is mere foolish cruelty to provide penalties which tor-ment the criminal without preventing the crime. Now it is possible, by sanguinary persecution unrelentingly inflicted, to suppress opinions. In this way the Albigenses were put down. In this way the Lollards were put dowh. In this way the fair promise of the Reformation was blighted in Italy and Spain. "What reason can be given for hanging a murderer, and suffering a heresiareh to escape without oven a pecuniary mulct? Is the here-siarch a less pernicious member of society than the murderer? Is not the loss of one soul a greater evil than the extinction of many lives? And the number of murders committed by the most profligate bravo that ever let out his pon-iard to hire in Italy, or by the most savage buccaneer that ever prowled on the Windward Station, is small indeed when compared with  the number of souls which have been caught in the snares of one dexterous heresiarch. If, then, the heresiarch causes infinitely greater evils than the murderer, why is he not as proper an object of penal legislation as the murderer? We can give a reason, a reason short, simple, decisive, and consistent. We do not extenuate the evil which the heresiarch produces; but we say that it is not evil of that sort against which it is the end of Government to guard. " The world is full of parallel cases. An or-ange-woman stops up the pavement with her wheelbarrow; and a policeman takes her into custody. A miser who has amassed a million suffers an old friend and benefactor to die in a workhouse, and cannot be questioned before any tribunal for his baseness and ingratitude. Is this because legislators think the orange-woman's conduct worse than the miser's? Not at all. It is because the stopping up of the pathway is one of the evils against which it is the business of the public authorities to protect society, and heartlessness is not one of those evils. It would be the height of folly to say that the miser ought, indeed, to be punished, but that he ought to be punished less severely than the orange-woman." An Effective Prescription. Tins leaders in the National Reform move-ment claim that they are disfranchised by our Constitution in its present form, and they are presenting memorials to Congress with this plea of disfranchisement. In the issue of the Christian Statesman of June 17, 1886, is a memorial to Congress which contains such a plea in the following words:Š "We who present this petition are unable . . . to accept this Constitution as a right fundamental law for the nation, and are there-fore debarred, on conscientious grounds, from participation in the Government. We can neither take office under it ourselves, nor by voting for others, lay this Constitution upon them as the rule of their official conduct." NowŁ our Congressmen will have an excellent opportunity of demonstrating, in a most forcible manner, how well these National Reform men are following the golden rule, and how much brotherly love they are exercising, and also what a weighty method of reasoning these men are compelled to adopt, to defend their theory. Suppose that, for the cure of such disabilities, Congress were to recommend to them one of their own prescriptions, as given by Rev. E. B. Graham, thus:Š "If you do not like our Government and its features, you can go to some wild, desolate land; and there set up a Government modeled after your own imagination, and then, if you can stand it, stay there till you die." And in order to make it still more effective, Congress might adopt the plan recommended by that other ardent advocate of the National Reform theory, Rev. R. C. Wylie, namely, "adopt a plan that will prevent a repetition" of any such memorials. We have not the least doubt that these memorialists would discover in a moment that that would be tyranny and terrible persecution. But if their system ap-plied to others would be the salvation of the country, we do not see why it should not be equally beneficial if applied to themselves. It is a poor rule that will not work well both ways, and yet we are sure that that is what they would never allow. A. H. WILL. The Strength of the Movement. WE here lay before our readers the list, "in part," of the vice-presidents of the National Reform Association. These are the names given by the Christian Statesman, yet it' says this is the list only " in part." 'We ask for it a careful reading, and a wide circulation. When it is borne in mind that these are only a part of the vice-presidents of an association whose avowed purpose it is to subvert the present Constitution, so far as it relates to religious liberty; an association which counts as atheists all who oppose it; and which flatly declares that "there is nothing out of hell" that it "would not tolerate as soon " as this atheism; we are sure that whoever reads this list will confess that this thing is not being done in a corner, and that the AMERICAN SENTINEL in opposing the National Reform movement is not fighting " as one that beateth the air." PRESIDENTS. From 1868 to 1866: John Alexander, Esq., Philadelphia, Pa. From 1866 to 1869: Hon. Wm. Strong, late Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. From 1869 to the present time: Hon. Felix R. Brunot, Pittsburgh, Pa. VICE-PRESIDENTS. (In part.) MAINE. Hon. Joshua H. Drummond, LL.D., Portland, NEW HAMPSHIRE. Rev. Wm. Clark, D.D., Amherst. VERMONT. Hon. Ex-Governor Roswell Farnham. MASSACHUSETTS. President Julius H: Seelye, D.D., Amherst College. Professor Edmund H. Bennett, LL.D., Law Department of Boston University. Rev. Edwin B. Webb, D.D., Shawmut Ave., Congrega- tional Church, Boston. Rev. A. A. Miner, D.D., LL.D., Boston. Rev. Geo. H. Gould, D.D., Worcester. Rev. Wm. R. Clarke, D.D., Lynn. Professor J. R. Herrick, D.D.. South Hadley. Hon. J. Rockwell, Superior Court of Massachusetts. Hon. Thos. W. Bicknell, Editor of the Journal of Edu- cation, Boston. CONNECTICUT. Hon. James Phelps, Supreme Court of Errors of Con-necticut. RHODE ISLAND. Rev. James I. Lane, Bristol. NEW YORK. Right Rev. F. D. Huntington, D.D., Bishop of the Protestant Episcopal Church, Diocese of Central New York. Rev. D. W. C. Huntington, D.D., Rochester. Rev. T. L. Cuyler, D,D., Brooklyn. Rev. Arthur Mitchell, D.D., New York. Rev. J. C. K. Milligan, New York. President David H. Coohrane, Pb. D,, LL.D., Collegiate and Polytechnic Institute, Brooklyn. NEW JERSEY. Rev. A. A. Hodge, D.D., Princeton Theological Sem- inary. Rev. J. Banvard, D.D., Paterson. Rev. J. H. McIlvaine, D.D., Newark. Rev. E. R. Craven, D.D., Newark. Rev. George B. Cheever, D.D., Englewood. PENNSYLVANIA. John Alexander, Esq., Philadelphia. Rev. Wm. R. Nicholson, D.D., Bishop of the Reformed Episcopal Church, Philadelphia. 