124 4TI--In AMERICAN SENTINEL. State is very severe. They have what is known in this State as a " chain-gang," where those who violate the law are taken, and a ball and chain fastened to one leg, and they are made to work on the public roads and railroads, and those who are put there are many of them treated worse than brutes. Many have been whipped to death, and, doubtless, if he should be taken there for working on Sunday, he would be compelled to work on the Sabbath, or be whipped. What is your advice? Should we be beaten in the Circuit Court would you take the case to the Supreme Court? And if so, can you help us? We are all poor here.' " The Gazette makes no comment, but simply heads the item: "Their Lot is a Hard One." We are waiting very anxiously for some of the leading Sunday-law agitators, who claim that they do not want religious legislation, to denounce such persecution. We don't very much expect to see anything of the kind, for not one of them has ever said a word against the Arkansas outrages, although they know all about them. In view of the fact that none but observers of the seventh day have as yet been molested for working on Sunday in States where rigid Sunday laws are enforced, are we not justified in saying that those who have no word of denunciation for such results, but go on the more vigorously to secure universal rigid Sunday laws, do so for the express purpose of inaugurating general persecution for conscience' sake? N Ł 4- The- State Incompetent to Enforce Moral Law. THE Blair Sunday bill and Religious Educational Amendment were smothered in the last Congress, but they will certainly be resuscitated in some form early in the next session. There will be but a short respite, in which the people may acquaint themselves with the religious and constitutional questions at issue. In the discussion of the subject it is between the moral law, the divine institution, and the civil law, the human institution, that the dis-crimination should be made, and where the dis-tinction exists. The intent of religious legislation is declared, in the language of its defenders, to be the establishment of law, " for the suppression of immorality." In this they confound the immo-rality which is sin against God with that immoral-ity which is crime against_man. To rob and to murder is immoral and sinful, but besides being immoral, murder and robbery are crimes which the civil law takes cognizance of for the protection of society. The murderous thought which exists before, and leads to, the tak-ing of human life, is immoral, a breaking of the moral law; the coveteousness which impels the thief is immoral, but can the statute law, man's civil law, take notice of these impulses of the heart ? When does the infraction of the moral law come within the jurisdiction of the civil law ?ŠClearly when the sinful impulse has become an overt act, which works injury or injustice to the criminal's neighbor, and then, manifestly, the civil law only steps in for the protection of the neighbor, and by the necessity of the case cannot usurp the place of the eternal Judge and Lawgiver, and mete out and administer to the iniquitous the due and final penalty of his deeds. The watch-word of the religious legislation party is, " Christ the Ruler of this world," but Christ said, "The man that looketh upon 'a woman to lust after her, hath committed adultery with her already in his heart." Adultery is punish-able by imprisonment. If, then, Christ is the ruler, and there is no distinction between civil and  moral law, who will build penitentiaries to hold the criminals, and from whence shall judge and jury be drawn to decide these cases. "Let him that is without sin cast the first stone." The civil law cannot consider the immorality until by the overt action it becomes a civil crime. Where then does the civil law have concurrent jurisdiction with the Almighty in legislating upon the rules of conduct contained in, " Thou shalt have no other gods before me," "Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain," or, "Remember the Sabbath-day to keep it holy," or, " Honor thy father and thy mother," or, " Thou shalt not covet " ? Here is the distinction between the moral and the civil law. The promoters of this religious legislation are in the habit of declaring that "we need moral laws." Can it be possible that the moral law of the ten commandments has become inadequate for the moral government of this enlightened Christian age ? Have the American people be-come so inflated with self-importance as to believe that they can amend, supplement, and improve the eternal moral law of the omnipotent and om-niscient Jehovah, and so, like Constantine the Great, make themselves co-legislators with Him ? Throughout all the thought and literature of the so-called National Reform party, and the promoters of the Sunday movement, there is an inextricable confusion between the religious and the legal, moral, and civil views of the subject ; the religious, as to which day is the Sabbath, God's Sabbath or Constantine's Sunday; and the legal and religibus question in the supposition that the religious observance of the day is a proper sub-ject of legislation and legal enforcement. The point as to the day or any day is not necessarily within the scope of this discussion at all ; and it is an interesting line of thought to the candid thinker to mark the reasons for its continual introduction. The true issue is " religious legislation " in the ab-stract, without reference to any particular belief, creed, or dogma. All well-informed and thought-ful persons know what the history of such legis-lation has been, and that human nature is so constant a factor that we cannot expect much differ-ent results from similar conditions in whatever land or age they may arise. Let no one think this matter of light impor-tance. Study it. The injunction of the apostle Paul to Timothy, " Study to show thyself ap-proved unto God, rightly dividing the word of truth," is peculiarly apt in the consideration of this issue, and combines practical, political, and religious sense in a high degree. The question itself is as broad as the principles of religious lib-erty, and as deep as the foundation of civil gov-ernment.Š W. H McKee, in Omaha World. Silence Giving Consent. THE manner of signing the petition for the Sunday law "by endorsement" still goes on. In Iowa, not long since, at a meeting, the minister said there were two ways of taking names ; one way was by individual signers, and the other by tak-ing a vote of the congregation ; the shortest way was to take a vote, and he would do that. Not more than one-fifth of the people in the house voted for it, and quite a number voted against it; but the preacher secured the unanimous vote by saying that he thought those who voted against it were not members of the church. And although some of them were members of that church, and although quite a number of the membership of the church were not present, yet the whole mem- bership, those who were not present, and those who were present and voted against it, were all counted in the unanimous vote of the church in favor of Sunday law. This was in the United Presbyterian Church at College Springs, Iowa. In the Wesleyan Methodist Church at the same place, on Sunday, February 17, the pastor took a vote of the church on the same question. Three of the church-members voted against it, and many of them did not vote at all. Those who voted against it publicly questioned the propriety of such a method of signing the peti-tions ; but the pastor explained that such were his orders, and, although he himself would prefer to take the names individually, he must " obey orders." Then the question was asked if those who did not vote at all and those who were ab-sent from the church, would be counted as signers, and the preacher answered, "Yes, silence gives consent." According to this rule, it is time that every person were finding out where he stands, and were making his open declaration, because, if nothing is said one way or the other, even though a man has not had an opportunity to say anything, silence giving consent, everyone who is silent may be counted in favor of the Sunday law. It seems to us, though, that at such methods as these car-ried on by the preachers, Satan must be laughing in his sleeves clear down to the wrist-band. And if they get out of it without greater contributions to his dignity and honor than they now dream of, they may count themselves exceedingly fortunate. Sunday-Law Robbery. NATIONAL REFORMERS and those who are in favor of Sunday laws are, according to their own statements, always very fair, very liberal, and very tolerant. Yet they demand a Sunday "law that shall make itself effective by small ex-Ceptions and large penalties." So says the "American Sabbath Union," on the Blair Sun-day bill. They desire no exemption to any re-ligious class whatever, and in this they are true to the traditions of their fathers,Šthe Roman hierarchy. The Sunday is a religious institution, and legislation on religious institutions is wrong and only wrong. But it is not this phase of the question which we wish to discuss at this time. A so-called civil Sunday law, if enforced, not only infringes upon the rights of all who may desire to spend Sunday in a different way than that prescribed by the law, but it works positive hardship and robbery to that class of citizens who observe religiously any other day than Sunday. "Oh, but we grant them the privilege of observing any day they choose," say these tolerant reformers; "we only ask that they shall not desecrate Sunday. We deprive them of no rights ; we only compel them to respect ours." Let us examine this. The only divine law,  which we have for a Sabbath is that found in Ex. 20:8-11. Laying aside the question as to what day is enjoined, all will agree that permis-sion is given to work six days. The Jew, the Seventh-day Adventist, and the Seventh-day Baptist believe that the law of God demands the observance of the seventh day, or Saturday. They cannot conscientiously do otherwise than observe the day which the commandment enjoins and conscience dictates. Thousands would die rather than labor on the seventh day. But the members of these religious bodies also 