THE SENTINEL, OF 'LIBERTY. 773 and the Lard said to Samuel: " They have not rejected thee, but they have rejected me, that 'I should not reign over them." But notwithstanding Israel's rebellion, the Lord did not forsake them utterly nor give them over entirely to their enemies. The promise was: "The scepter shall not depart from Judah, nor the _ruler's staff from between his feet, until Shiloh come:" Gen. 49: io, R. V. Jewish independence ceased more than six cen-turies before the beginning of the Christian era, but not until A. D. 70 did they lose their national exis-tence, and Jerusalem permanently cease to be their capital. There was the complete end of the Theoc-racy as foretold by the Prophet Ezekiel: " And thou, profane wicked prince of Israel,' whose day is come, when iniquity shall have an end, thus saith the Lord God; Remove the diadem, and take off the crown: this shall not be the same: exalt him that is low, and abase him that is high. I will overturn, overturn, overturn it: and it shall be no more until he come whose right it is; and I will give it him." Ezek. 2 I : 25-27. This was spoken in the days of Zedekiah, The kingdom was then tributary to Babylon, but it was overturned and given to Medo-Persia, then to Grecia, and then to Rome, under which power Jerusalem was utterly destroyed, the site of the temple- plowed as a field, and the last vestige of Jewish political power was destroyedŠtaken away to be no more " until he come whose right it is," when it will be given to him. The Bible Ideal. The realization of this promise to Christ is the only " political ideal " known to either Testament. The Jewish Theocracy only dimly foreshadowed the everlasting kingdom of God to be established upon the ruins of all earthly, temporal kingdoms. Our Lord has gone " into a far country to re-ceive for himself a kingdom, and to return." Luke 19: 12-27. What the Scriptures Teach. As THE SENTINEL has many times shown in the past, the misdirected efforts of many well-meaning people are due to a misapprehension of the teach-ing of the Scriptures of truth concerning the king-dom of Christ. But there should be no confusion or misapprehension upon this point, for the Scrip-tures are very plain upon the subject. The Scriptures speak of two thrones, and con-sequently of two kingdoms (for a throne neces-sarily implies a kingdom), namely, the throne of grace and the throne of glary. Says the apostle: " Let -us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in time of need." Heb. 4:'16. This throne of grace is the throne from Which grace or favor is dispensed. Says the Scriptures; " Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such, a high priest, who is set on the, right hand of the throne ,of the Majesty in the heavens." Heb. 8: I. Christ is now a priest-king, not upon his own, but upon his Father's throne. He himself makes a clear Łdistinction between the throne he now occu-pies and that which he'will one day take. He says: "To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame and am set down with my Father in his throne." Rev. 3:21. When Christ Will Take His Throne. ,Christ also tells when he will take this throne; it is "when the son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory." Matt. 25:31. The kingdom of grace, over which Christ now reigns, and the kingdom of glory, which according to the word of God is still future, are of course very closely related. The purpose of the kingdom of grace is to prepare subjects for the kingdom of glory. 1  There is, however, this important difference, that while the kingdom of grace is temporary, span-ning only time from the fall of man to the close of human probation, the kingdom of glory is coincident with the future eternity. The promise to Christ is, " The Lord God shall give unto him the throne of his father David; and he shall reign over the house of Jacob forever; and of his kingdom there shall be no end." Luke 1:32,  33. But it will not be so of the throne of mercy; the time will come when Christ will leave that throne, and then will go forth the decree: " He that is Un-just, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still; and he that, is holy, let him be holy still." Rev. 22: II. How Christ Takes His Kingdom. Ł Then follow the events so graphically foretold in the word of God. Christ will then appear having 