1T48 THE SN'TINET..., OF 1....,mEafrr establish Protestant forms of worship- in their churches. The result is, as stated_bythe St. James Gazette, that " the Bishop of London is on the horns of a dilemma. If he exercises his Episcopal veto, he will be greeted with a howl of execration." On the other hand, if he "allows the prosecution to proceed, vicars of numerous churches who recently curtailed their exuberant services at the Bishop's request, have arranged to reintroduce their for-bidden ceremonies. This," says the Gazette," would entail complete anarchy." A Protestant state church is at best no further away from Rome than the border line between Protestantism and Rome, and naturally presents an inviting field for the " missionary " work of disguised Romanists. This is the trouble to-day with the Church of England. .4 .4 The following words, uttered by a prominent Methodist clergyman from South America, to an immense audience of Methodists in New York City, on the occasion of the General Missionary Confer-ence in that city, are worthy of note: "A former speaker has said a condition where half of the world is pagan and the other half Chris-tian can not endure long. The same can be said with as much truth of a state of affairs where Christendom is divided into two great camps, with Protestantism on one side and Greek and Roman Catholicism on the other. The time is upon us when anew the questions which appeared in the Protestant Reformation will begin to agitate the world, and demand to be pushed to their final issue." Several severe arraignments of the Catholic Church were made by this speaker and others, which were received by the audience with " tremendous applause." "ARE we all savages?" inquires The Independent in an editorial alluding to the wholesale massacres,  perpetrated by certain of the " Christian" powers in China. " Can none of us," it asks, "bpt that our Christian culture has taken the brute out of-  us? We fear that even among us in America a mob of men can become a pack of wolves. Such savage mobs have we seen in New York, in Mansfield, 0., in many a labor riot, and many a lynching crowd. They have chased negroes through:the -street§ deter-mined. to 'kill; 1010, have stripped and covered with  tar a harrnless preacher; they have cried ' scab' and tried to murder workingmen; they have stripped women naked and then shut the doors against them; they have stormed jails and taken out their victims and hanged them; they haye seized men suspected of crime and burned them at the stake. We Can shrink in horror from the incredible tale of Russian barbarism on the Amur; but it is not incredible, for we have millions of Cossacks right among us in this Christian land, who would do the same thing, or who haVe done as horrible things, if not on so large a scale." And why is this so? Simply because, we answer, civilization does not mean Christianity. The trou-ble with the perpetrators of these outrages, and with the men who perpetrate the fearfully corrupt rule in our great cities, against which The Independent and other papers so loudly protest, is not that they are not civilized, but that they are not Christianized. Civilization alone does not take the " brute " out of anybody; indeed, a civilized brute is the worst kind of a brute, because he is the most intelligent kind. Mere knowlege of the truths taught by civilization, or of truth in any realm of science, does -not Confer power upon an individual to do right. If it did, the devil would be one of the best beings inexistence. The truth which this points out is a very impor-tant one. The people need to distinguish clearly between civilization and Christianity. This done, they will see that not civilization, but Christianity, is that which is to bless and uplift the inferior races of mankind. Not the soldier, but the Christian missionary, has the, " right of way" in the Philip= pines, in Cuba, and in every benighted quarter of the earth. - 4. "AWAY FROM ROME "_MOVEMENT SPREADING. From the New York Independent. THE agitation in Austria against the Roman Catholic Church, which begamas a distinctly Ge.t-man movement, andhas been confined chiefly to the Gernian proVinces, is now spreading among the other natidnalitieS of that empire. For several noritlis already the crusade has been gaining gro-undaniong the Slays. Inthe Catholie-province of Slavoniathe--newspapers are engaged in a determined attack on _the church of Rome, chiefly for its:"aritageritiStri,tOthe best elements of friOdeiti 6.116.1-ker.' :Ott of Itie libera papers says that -if the people-  of Slavonia eteUted 