204 AMERICAN SENTINEL.' inches long; a knight might have them eighteen inches, while a baron was allowed to, indulge his love of shoe-leather to still greater extentŠbeing allowed twenty-four inches." "What did the poor fellows who were unfortunate enough to be princes do with their feet, I wonder?" laughed Will Barnaby. "Bless you, Will; they used to hobble around in shoes two and a half feet long; while the king himself would probably have had his four or five feet in length, if he could possibly have moved his feet." "Well, that does surprise me!" said Edna Philips. "It is indeed surprising; but nowadays people are just about as willing to follow the dictates of fashion as they were then," said Professor Carman, as he rang the bell for dismissal. MRS. L. D. AVERY-STI7TTLE.. is  The Beast. "IN our last talk we explained the time, times, and dividing of time," began Mrs. Ross, "and I think it will be interesting to notice when and how this same period is again mentioned. You may read Rev.13:5." Charlie read: " 'And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great things and blasphemies: and power was given unto him to continue forty and two months.' "Of what prophecy does this remind you, Charlie?" "Of the prophecy in Dan. 7:24 and 25, about the papal horn. Why, mama, it is almost the same. Only there's nothing in it about wearing out the saints." "Read the 7th verse." "`And it was given unto him to make war with the saints, and to overcome them.''' "This must refer to the same power. What I wished to explain first is the 42 months. You remember that the time, times, and dividing of or half a time, was 1260 years. The Jews reckoned 30 days to a month. How many days would 42 months make?" Charlie figured a moment and said, "1260 days." "Then as each day in prophecy is a year, you have 1260 years for the continuance of this power." "What power was it?" "That is the answer to one problem for to-day. You may read the first verse." " 'And I stood on the sand of the sea and saw a beast rise up out of the sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon his heads the name of blasphemy.' "Now. Charlie, we have a few review questions. What does water represent in prophecy?" "Peoples, nations, and tongues." (Proof, Rev. 17: 15.) "What does a beast represent?" "A kingdom or government, an earthly power." (Dan.  7:23.) "What do the horns on this beast stand for?"  "For the ten kingdoms of Rome, perhaps." "Well, as we do not deal in `perhapses,' you may read concerning them in the 17th chapter, 12th verse." "`And the ten horns which thou sawest are ten kings. which have received no kingdom as yet.' "When was John writing this prophecy?" "In A. D. 96." "In his day these kings had not yet risen. But what about the heads? Read in the Revised Version Rev. 17: 10." Charlie read: "And these are seven kings: five are fallen, and one is, and the other is yet to come; and when he cometh he must continue a short space. And the beast that was, and is not, even he is the eighth, and is of the seven.' "Well, mama, this is the greatest puzzle we have stu-died. What do you think these heads represented?" "The forms or heads of governments." "How many forms of government was Rome ruled) under up to the time of John's writing?",  "Five, according to prophecy." "Can you name them?" "I'll try. Let me see,Škings, consuls, decemvirs, tri-umvirates, dictators." "John says, 'five are fallen.' These had passed away..  `One is.' What form was Rome under in John's day?" "Emperors." "Then there was one to come who was to continue aŁ short space. This one was called the ex-arch of Ravenna; but it is never really reckoned among the Roman heads. You see the prophet is more exact than the historian_ Now we come to the seventh head. What was that?" "The papacy." "Very well; we have now disposed of the heads, and will turn to the horns. When was Rome divided intoŁ ten kingdoms?" "Between the years 356 and 483 A. D." "But mama, this whole Is astŠhorns, heads and allŠseems to be swallowed up entirely by the seventh head;. for surely it was the papacy that warred on .the saints, spoke great things, and continued in power 1260 years." "You are right, Charlie. This beast represents papal' Rome. The dragon of the 12th chapter was a beast with seven heads and ten horns, and represented the pagan phase of Rome: and as we look deeply into the spirit of both, we see behind them the old serpent which deceiveth,  the whole world. To whom did the dragon give his seat and great authority? Read Rev. 13:2." " 'And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion; and the dragon gave him his power,. and his seat, and great authority.'" "You remember that it was through Justinian, a pagan emperor, that the bishop of the church of Rome received his seat in the city of Rome, and his authority." "Yes; that is clear. But I have been struck with this-beast as with something familiar. I notice that he has. all the characteristics of the four beasts of DanielŠa.  