AMERICAN SENTINEL. 41 to-day more difficult of solution than ever. It would seem that the Government would not be anxious to in-corporate with its subjects another large class who have long been wedded to -the same evil. American govern-ment in Porto Rico and in every other colony ought to be as good as it is in the United States. But if the Gov-ernment has not been able to deal successfully with po-lygamy at home, where public opinion could be aroused and brought to bear heavily against it, can it be ex-pected that it will succeed against polygamy among the 500,000 inhabitants of Porto Rico, of whom the Ameri-can people know but little, and for whose social custmos they will never feel much concern? "A Funny Country." SO THINKS AN ITALIAN WHO CAME TO AMERICA BECAUSE IT WAS THE "LAND OF THE FREE," AND NOW HAS BEEN ARRESTED FOR THE CRIME OF CHOP- PING WOOD ON SUNDAY. New York "Press," January 9. FRANK VINDOT was arrested for unloading a wagon load of wood in front of his house in North Fourth ave., Mount Vernon, yesterday, and then attempting to chop the wood. Chief of Police Foley was passing the house when he caught Vindot chopping a limb of a tree. "See here," said the chief, "don't you know it is Sun-day?" You must not be chopping wood out here on the Sabbath." "This is a free country," Vindot answered. "There ain't no law against my chopping wood, is there?" "We will see about the law," said the chief. He called patrolman Thistleton and ordered the arrest of Vindot on a charge of violating the Sunday law. "This is a funny country, and I am going back to Italy to live," was all the prisoner had to say. The Evil of Annexation from a Military Standpoint. From Speech by Congressman John F. Shafroa. I TAKE it as a general proposition that the consensus of opinions of statesmen is that solidarity of territory presents the most invulnerable form of possessions. No better demonstration of this can be found than in the present war with Spain. We have made the attack upon Spain, where? Not on her home territory. If this war were waged upon her home territory, it would take ten times the number of men and ten times the amount of money to produce the same result we are now accom-plishing. We have attacked Spain at her weakest points, namely, in her outlying possessions. If we acquire colo-nies, the first attack upon us will be through them. As long as you have a compact territory no nation will dare invade it, because nothing can be made thereby. There  is no way of holding a slice of territory cut from a nation located such as ours. Sooner or later it would be re-taken. When nations find that nothing can be gained by war with such a country the idea of conquest vanishes even if they covet our possessions. We should not ex-change concentration for diffusion. We have heard much in this debate of England's greatness. England is great, but not to be compared to the United States. On account of her small home ter-ritory, England could not have a large population with-out colonial possessions, but we have a territory so large in area that it can easily accommodate ten times its present inhabitants without overcrowding. But even British statesmen have doubted the wisdom of that coun-try having colonial possessions. Mr. Gladstone once said:Š "The United States have a national base for the greatest continuous empire ever established by man. . . . The distinction between a continuous empire and one severed and dispersed over the seas is vital." Even India has been a source of depleting the British treasury, and it is said in England that, more than any other part of the British Empire, India gives their states-men sleepless nights. Besides, England is continually at war with her provinces in suppressing uprisings and re-volts, at the expense of her treasury. The United States need have no fear of the outcome of a contest with any foreign power. Great Britain is the only dangerous power, and her outlying dominions make her so vulnerable that she dare not attack us. Even if her navy is larger than ours, she realizes that the minute war is declared the armies of the United States would cross the Canadian borders and wrest from her grasp the gem of her colonial possessions. Canada is our hostage and is a sure preventive of war. When the Hawaiian Islands are annexed, the point of attack by any foreign power will be there, because it is so far from our strength and power. There they can meet us on equal terms, and it will make our wars of the future contests upon the high seas instead of upon the land, where our great natural strength lies. Why should we throw away our natural strengthŠland powerŠin order to grasp that which is expensive and not necessary to usŠsea power? The Hawaiian Islands have a coast line of over 800 milesŠas large as that of New England. If we annex them, they must be fortified and defended. It puts the outposts of our defense 2,100 miles into the Pacific. As we know it will be the point of attack in case of war with foreign powers, it must be fortified more strongly than the other portions of our country. It means, therefore, the expenditure of millions in fortifications and an unnec-essarily large navy. To HAVE the power to do great things, without the wisdom to exercise it properly, is worse than to have no power at all. 