412 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. religious day than God has had, as may be learned both from history and from revelation ; and from this fact it naturally follows that custom rather than con-sistency is regarded in the observance of the day. But consistency is ever associated with truth and right. The World Movement Toward Denominational Union. "The question of denominational union," says the Literary Digest, "is fast becoming one of the most important questions of the day in all Protestant lands. In Germany, as we have lately pointed out, a strong movement exists for the federation of the state churches, amounting to nearly fifty in number ; and federation is one step on the road to organic union. In Scotland, the Congregationalists and the churches of the Evangelical UnionŠsometimes called Morrisa-niansŠamalgamated their forces a short time ago ; and the Free and United Presbyterian churches are to become organically one next October as already mentioned in these pages. In South Australia the three leading Methodist denominations and in Canada all the various Methodist bodies, have for some years been one. This is an encouraging record. "Besides this measure of union already attained, there are promising movements under way in Eng-land. All the great Protestant churches outside the Establishment have for some years had a strong fed-eral organization, as we have several times pointed out. During several years past an attempt has been made to unite organically two of the Methodist bodies Šthe Princeton Methodists and the Bible Christians. Both are off-shoots of the original Wesleyan parent stock, but separated from it on questions of church government. According to the London correspon-dent of The Advance (Cong.), the consummation of this event will be delayed for some years, however, since the two bodies can not agree on the subject of lay representation in the conference. "In America, the recently organized Federation of Churches reports substantial progress, and will begin the new century with bright prospects. The recent success of federate mission endeavors in the great Ecumenical Council in New York, and the deliver-ances of the Methodist Episcopal General Conference in Chicago last month on the subject of Christian uni-ty, are also regarded as favorable signs pointing to greater comity between the churches. It is significant also that the Protestant body which has made by far the most notable gain in membership during the past nine years is the one which refuses to be called by any other name than Christian or Disciples of Christ. This body, according to Dr. Carroll's latest statistics, in The Christian Advocate, gained 477,345 members during that periodŠa gain of seventy-one per cent.Šand has now advanced to the sixth place among the Christian denominations in numerical strength." Were these churches what churches ought to be.  merely organizations for evangelistic workŠif their object was purely gospel work,Šthere could be found in these facts nothing but cause of rejoicing. But when we remember that the church of to-day is be-coming more and more political continually, we can-not close out eyes to the danger that lurks in this movement. The testimony of history is that gigantic religious combinations to effect political objects are always dangerous, and since the church is using her power more and more continually in this way there is danger to liberty of conscience in church federation. B. Do the European Residents in Turkey Provoke Conflicts? (From the LiteraryfDigest ) Complaint is made in the Correspondent (Ham-burg) that the Christians resident in Turkey have not yet learned to restrain themselves, especially when they believe themselves protected by the consuls of foreign powers. "Christians," in this case, refers not to the missionaries, but to any citizens of a country under the sway of Western civilization. The Corres-pondent relates the following: "The Christians on the coast of Palestine have the foolish custom of celebrating Easter by the con-tinual firing of pistols and guns. This almost led to a massacre at Haifa. There has been bad blood between the Christians and Mohammedans of the port for some time past, and the kaimakan (governor), to prevent an outbreak, prohibited this useless burning of powder this year. On Easter Sunday the order was respected, but on the second day several hundred shots were fired. On the third, when the French con-sul, dressed in his gala uniform, left the Greek church, a mob of 2,50o to 3,000 persons accompanied him, yelling Vive la republique de France! and a regular fusillade ensued. "This behavior irritated the Mohammedans, and they made up their mind to celebrate the Mohamme-dan All Souls' Day, which fell upon April 19, in the same way. The kaimakan prohibited shooting and a parade, but the sheiks came to him to inform him that they could not prevail upon their young people to abandon their project, as they were determined to show that they had as much right as the Christians. The parade took place. The Christians, fearing vio-lence, had bought the day before all the arms they could get hold of, and had garrisoned a house on the road of the parade with 15o men, determined to accept battle if occasion offered. The authorities, however, were on the alert, and no fight occurred. It could have ended only in a general massacre. But the inci-dent shows how provokingly the Christians act upon occasion, taunting the Mohammedans. They are en-couraged in this by the influential and ambitious con-suls. When passion has been aroused to fever heat in this way, very little is needed to cause an outbreak of fanaticism." 