330 AMERICAN SENTINEL. rested and thus get rid of me for preaching against the so-called 'Christian Sabbath.' What these gentlemen want, as was expressed by a noted apostle of national reform some time ago, is "law in this matter," and then they propose to make short work of those who do not worship according to their law. G. B. T. Boston's "Old South Church" Loses Its Creed. A PRESS dispatch from Boston announces that the "new old South Church," Congregationalist, one of the oldest and most famous of Boston churches, has "form-ally thrown overboard" the "creed and confession of faith which was adopted in 1680 and which was for nearly two hundred years the test of adMission." The creed, it is explained, has not been used since 1855, and "the congregation which heard it read last night was astonished at some of its moss-grown articles. They unanimously voted to abandon it." The dispatch cites several articles from the creed, which relate mainly to the doctrine of predestination. It is not strange that creeds are "outgrown" and discarded. Nothing else is to be expected, for that is the fate of every institution which represents the wisdom of man. And when a creed is outgrown and cast aside, it is only strange that men should not be able to learn from the fact the lesson that creeds are worthless, and save themselves the trouble of forming a new one. This Boston church has now declared that the old creed was worthless. Some of its articles are astonish-ingly "moss-grown." If it is worthless now it was Of course worthless when it was made, and has been so for the two hundred years it has been followed. And if it has been worthless, it has been worse than useless. If it has not been a help it has been a hindrance. If it has not been the truth it has been a lie, and as such it could not but be a serious detriment to the prosperity of the church. The ship of Zion cannot sail well with a cargo of error. A new creed will be of no more value than the one discarded, and for the simple reason that it will be the handiwork of man, and can therefore form no proper basis of faith. Faith must rest on the word of God. There is no life in a creedŠnothing to feed the soul; but the words of God "are spirit and they are life." A creed allows no room to expand, and-  without this there can be no growth, and without growth no life. The words of God are life because they are filled with infinite truth, which is more and more revealed as faith continues to be exercised. The student of God's Word can never arrive at the knowledge of all the truth they contain; he can be ever learning, and thus ever growing. The only creed of any church, therefore, should be the Word of God. That is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth; and nothing less than this ought  to constitute a creed. And such a creed will never be outgrown. The Gospel of Gunpowder. Wm. P. Dunbar, in New Orleans "Times-Democrat." A NAKED savage stalwart stands With bow and arrows in his hands, And fights for his ancestral lands. Beware the dart in David's sling, 0 giant that would crush this Thing!Š For God still reigns as rightful King. We're figh tin g dusky savages with slaughtering machines, We're piling high the pagan dead in far-off Philippines. Our men are dying of disease, but do not shirk or shrink; And I'm wondering, when it's ended, what the pitying Christ will think! It doesn't matterŠthough we kill a thousand men a day, We've got to have theislands for the gold we had to pay. The creed that teaches "Tolerance, Fraternity and Love" Was never meant for mortal men, but for the saints above. We're marching on the "obvious way" to set creation right, With canon and Krag-Jorgensens we flash our Christian light; With gatling guns and ships of war, with bayonets and swordsŠ The "Destiny" of savages is ours, and not the Lord's. With commandments all forgotten, the Bible out of date, The "virtues of the fathers" we no longer emulate. More land we must monopolize, and heathens must give way,Š No matter (when we get it) what the Saving Christ may say. Rhode Island People Protest. MEMBERS of the Seventh-day Adventist Church in Rhode Island,  have prepared and sent to the legislature and governor of that State a protest against legislation for the enforced observance of Sunday. This has been done in view of the bill which is before the legislature, calling, for additional legislation which will enforce the keeping of the day under heavy penalties. The protest is based upon civil and religious grounds, fortified by the lessons of history, and is a logical and forcible docu-ment. We would like to reproduce it entire, but its length will not permit. We give space to the following extracts:Š "We, the members of the Seventh-daŁy Adventist de-nomination of the State of Rhode Island, would most earnestly and respectfully submit the following protest against any additional legislation for the enforced observ-ance of Sunday commonly called the 'Lord's day.' "We regard the observance of Sunday or Saturday, 