70 THE AMERICAN-'SENTINEL. shOuld be the imperial religion. To effect this an imperial council was necessary to formulate that phase of Christianity which was common to all. The Council of Nice was convened by imperial command, and an im-perial creed was established, which was en-forced by imperial power. That establishment of an imperial religion ended only in the im-perious despotism of the Papacy. As surely as the complete establishment of the Papacy followed, and grew out of, that im-perial recognition of Chistianity in the fourth century, just so surely will the complete es-tablishment of a religious despotism after the living likeness of the Papacy, follow, and grow out of, this National recognition of Christian-ity provided for in the constitutional amend-ment proposed by Senator Blair, and which is now pending in Congress. A. T. J. The Political Value of Religion. JUDGE HAGANS,* of the Supreme Court of Cincinnati, in delivering his opinion in the case of Minor and others vs. the Board of Education of Cincinnati and others, said: "In-a word, it is the political value of religion, morality, and knowledge which the State pro-poses to secure for its varied purposes, and that only." This utterance was preceded by an extended quotation from an article by Dr. Seelye, which appeared in the Bibliotheca Sacra, Vol. XIII, No. 52. In this article Dr. Seelye says that "the State has its own end," and that it "uses religion as a means to this end; but religion itself is never an end with the State. Everything relating to the moral and religious life of its subjects is of interest to the State only so far as the State can use it to its own ends." Again he says: "With the State religion is a means." He says again: "There are temporal and earthly interests for the individual, and it is to subserve these that there is a State, a community, among men. These interests are undoubtedly more per-fectly secured through the agency of some religion, and hence the proper and necessary connection of religion with the State. But in this connection religion is ever the servant, never the sovereign. It is to be used to se-pure some end "Šnamely, some temporal end,. that comes within the province of the State. On this ground we understand Dr. Seelye to hold to a legitimate "connection of the State with religion, and the duty of the State to maintain its religion," while he disclaims any right on its part to resort to persecution. The substance of this theory, as adopted by Judge Hagans, and more fully explained by Dr. Seelye, seems to be this: The State may and should incorporate religion into its, own being as a part of its public law; not as an end, or on account of what religion is in itself, considered as a spiritual system, but solely on account of what the State can do with it as the means of promoting the civilization, im-provement,- and good earthly order of the body politic. The State can make use of it as a "servant," and hence, in this character, *The force of this selection will be more fully appreciated when it is understood that Judge Hagans and Doctor Seelye are both vice-presidents of the National Reform Association. Judge Hagans is a Methodist; Doctor Seelye is a Presbyterian. should maintain it. Its "political value" brings it within the purview of civil govern-ment. This theory is as old as the efforts of human thought to vindicate the establishment and maintenance of religion by the civil power. There is nothing in it which limits it to Chris-tianity in either the Catholic or the Protestant form, and it has not been so limited. It ap-plies to any religious system, whether pagan or Christian, true or false. Any such system, which, in the judgment of the State, can be made useful for the attainment of its temporal ends, may, as the means thereof, be legalized, adopted, and supported by the State. Almost any religion is, in its social effects, better than blank atheism; and, hence, it might be used by the State as a means, rather than have a nation of pure atheists, especially as no relig-ion has ever been so bad as not to contain at least some rays of truth. Of course, it would be better for the State to adopt the true sys-tem; but, in its absence, it will be better to put its stamp on any system, and use it for State purposes, rather than be wholly without religion. Now, in order to give this theory the bene-fit of the most favorable application, let us understand the term religion to mean Chris-tianity. The case will then stand thus: The State may and should establish a connection between itself and Christianity; not because Christianity is true, not because it is a divine system in its authority, not on account of its relation to the spiritual duties and immortal interests of men, but solely on the ground of its temporal utility. Being an existing system known to the people, it is good for this pur-poseŠjust as revenue laws, currency laws, laws of debt and credit, patent laws, commer-cial laws, police regulations, courts of justice, State prisons, and, indeed, all the ordinary ap-pliances of civil government, are good to se-cure the material and social prosperity of the people. The State may, hence, maintain and use it as one of the wheels in its complex machinery, on the same principle that it maintains and uses other wheels to run its own system. Not what Christianity is, but what the State can get out of it for temporal purposes, is the single thing to be considered. It is hardly necessary to say that Christ and his apostles did not preach the gospel upon any such theory. They made no mention of it as the "servant" of the State. They pre-sented it as God's supernatural interposition for the salvation of individual sinners. What the State should gain or lose by it was not their question. Salvation, and not State util-ity, was their grand idea. They did not con-cern themselves with the relations of the gos-pel to Csar, but .rather with its relations to God and sinners against his law. They preached repentance toward God and faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, and warned men to flee from the wrath to come. There is a vast dis-tance between the conception of Christianity as preached by its Author and his apostles and the conception of it as a piece of State machinery, sanctioned and sustained by the State on account of its "political value," or as  the means of attaining a purely temporal end. Let the State frankly enunciate the theory, and, hence, say that it uses Christianity as a mere instrument for State ends; and let the people, including the children in the public school, both understand and accept the the-ory, and who believes that the system would then have any power to gain these ends? No one ever was and no one ever will be made a Christian on the ground of State utility. No man ever- made a prayer to God as the means of turning himself into a good citizen. A truly pious man will be a good citizen; but the motives that make him pious rise infi-nitely above the range of citizenship. The State- can successfully work the theory of "political value" only by being a hypocrite, pretending one thing while seeking another. If a general should hold morning and even-ing prayers with his army, or have religious lectures delivered to his soldiers, simply to make them better fighters in the day of battle, they would only need to understand the sham to treat the whole thing with contempt. Re-ligion cannot be brought down to the level of State strategy or fighting strategy, and yet re-tain its power as religion. At this level it has no value for either purpose. - The mo-ment we make it the means of an end im-measurably less than itself, and so regard it, we destroy its power as religion. The man who is religious for the sake of making money is not religious at all; and so the State that uses the Christian religion simply for its "political value " adopts a theory that cannot survive its own exposure. Let the State by all means put the theory among the esoteric doctrines which are not to be known. States-men may perhaps be admitted into the secret; but it will not do to give it to the common people, and especially it will not do to tell the children in the public school that they are trained in religion and its duties in order to promote the temporal ends for which the State exists. The theory, moreover, involves all the perils to religious liberty which ally themselves with the system that makes the regulation of relig-ious belief and practice one, of the ends of civil government. The distinction between the two theories may be very nicely worked out in an essay; yet, if the State may estab-lish a connection between itself and religion as a means to State ends, then it may equally decide what religion it will so useŠwhether Christianity or some other systemŠand, hav-ing settled this point, then it is equally priv-ileged to determine upon the methods by which it will sustain and apply the chosen system. The -power to use Christianity as a means implies the power of employing all the means of using it. Whether, then, the State will simply teach the religion it uses for temporal ends, -or enforce it by pains and penalties, how far it will tolerate other relig-ions, to what extent it will tax the- people for the support of its own system, and by what rules it will regulate the administration thereofŠthese and the like questions will be answered according to the bigotry or liberal-ity of those who enact and apply the laws. 