AMERICAN SENTINEL. the new political conditions imposed upon Finland, eleven months ago, by the Russian government." The Finns are Lutherans, and in their emigration to this country have in view the escaping from the reli-gious di abilities which they would inevitably suffer under the Russian Greek-Catholic rule. People who leave their native land for conscience' sake are the most desirable class of immigrants from the Old World. * * "THE whole Christian world," writes Professor Nie-mand, of Germany, "is in a mad fit of avarice. Such a widely-spread, stupendous and uncontrollable craze of aggression as 'is now affecting all the great powers has not recurred in human history since the Mohammedan era of European, African, and Asiatic conquest. The American Union, which remained longest out of the ranks, has caught the prevalent malady." * * * JUSTICE Brewer, of the United States Supreme Court, says he believe that the twentieth century will be marked by the development of a marvelous unity among religious denominations. One noteworthy feat-ure indicative of this, is that "the ancient enemies, Catholicism and Protestantism, are drawing closer to-gether. The prelates and members of the two churches do not hesitate to affiliate in a thousand forms of labor." Justice Brewer's view is correct. And a few more Supreme Court decisions like the "Christian nation" decision which Justice Brewer wrote, will make the American Constitution over into a purely Catholic doc-ument, and do more than all else to facilitate the ap-proaching union. * * * THE editor of a Hackensack, N. J., paper was re-cently suspended from the Christian Reformed Church in that place for having taken photographs on Sunday. He appealed the case to the higher authorities of the church, and at a session of the "Classes" he was rein-stated. It' would seem from this that Sunday photo-graphy is not regarded by the Christian Reformed Church as an infraction of the "Christian Sabbath." * * * GREAT numbers of people from Finland are about to emigrate to the United States, according to press reports. The Sun, of this city, says:Š "A most unusual emigration from Finland to the United States and Canada is expected this year. One steamship line has arranged to bring over 55,000 Fin-nish peasants. It is said that thousands of families will come here to engage in farming in the hope of bettering their condition and especially with a view to escaping The Independent (N. Y.) makes note of the hope expressed by president Schurman, of the Philippine Commission, that "only one type of missionaries" will be sent to those islands by the churches in the United States. "We are the Lord's foolish ones," The Indepen-dent says, and "We have no doubtthat the chief denom-inations, and a score of small ones, will all establish missions there." "Each sect, Presbyterian, Methodist, Baptist, Episcopalian, Congregational, Disciples, Sev-enth-day Adventist, will have its own organization. `Join us,' Join us,' We are the true church,' will be the cry." * We do not know how much this cry may be raised in this foreign mission field, but whether much or little, it will not be the cry of the true church. "Join us," is not a Christian exhortation. The desire and aim of the Christian missionary is to see souls united to the'Lord. And to this end he devotes himself to the fulfilling of the divine commission, "Preach the Word." He proclaims the Word of the Lord, and exhorts his hearers to the duty of obedience to God's commands, and then leaves the results with God. The Holy Spirit impresses upon hearts the truths of the Word to which the evangelist has called attention, and brings the hearer to the point of making a decision for or against them. And if he decides to obey the commands of God and walk in all his ordinances, there is no trouble at all about the question of which church he shall join. He will join the church that he sees to be keeping the commandments and observing the ordinances of the Lord. He will not want to join any other; and no other will want him as a member, or allow him to continue as one if his inten-tion it plain to put his belief into practise. All this has been demonstrated by experience over and over again. There is but "one Lord, one faith, one baptism," and but one way:of coming to the Lord, which is by faith in his Word. And that Word is not "yea and nay;" it presents no conflicting doctrines, offers no chance for two persons to believe it and still be in conflict in their religious practise. The way to life is entirely too straight and narrow for its travelers to miss being in the same company. * * The evils of sectarianism are great indeed but the 