1.1i111111; ERICAN SENTIN "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."--Jesus Christ. VOL. 12, No. 45. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 18, 1897. Single copy 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. 1 fog r Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it ,may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay far it. (Entered at the New York Poet-office.) IF a state religion is bad, a United States religion is 'forty-four times worse. WHEN Christianity is mixed with politics, the mixture is good for political uses only. IT is time for some successor of, Madame Roland to exclaim, 0 patriotism, what follies are uttered in thy name ! EVERY law in "support" or for the "protection" of religious dogmas or institutions, is an effort to induce people to have faith in the state, instead of faith in God. BENJAMIN FRANKLIN is credited with saying, "Where liberty is, there is my country." And such is the senti-ment of the Christian's heart, as he looks by faith to that .country where alone is true liberty. .10 Ai' To his followers Jesus said (and still says): "If ye were of the world, the world would love his own; but be-cause ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you." John 15: 19. Christianity means separation from the world; and Christian citizenship cannot possibly mean anything less. AN example in theological mathematics: Given, 1 rest day following 6 days of work, 1 commandment to keep holy "the seventh day," and 0 Scripture statements  commanding the observance of any other day, to find 1 or more proofs that Sunday is the true Sabbath and ought to be made obligatory upon all persons by law. To solve this problem so as to obtain this result is the test of your orthodoxy. 4  "RATIONAL patriotism is neither personal selfishness multiplied by 70,000,000, nor is it a blind, unreasoning devotion to a state which promotes no ends of justice, simply because under its flag one encountered the acci-dent of birth." THE harvest that is being sown by the preaching of the principles of "Christian citizenship"Šthe union of re-ligion with the stateŠwill certainly be reaped. We are on the eve of mightier and more startling developments betokening a union of church and state in this country, than have ever appeared in the past. It Needs Explanation. ONE of the speakers at a Christian Endeavor conven-tion held recently in Lynn, Mass., was the Rev. C. P. Mills, who, in defining the relation of Christian Endeavor to citizenship, said this:Š "Christianity is essentially political. The church as such does not go into politics, but it makes politics go." It is such doctrine as this that the Christian Endeavor youth of the country are imbibing from their clerical in-structors. Both by precept and example on the part of the latter these youth are being taught that Christianity is essentially political, and that the chief mission of the church is to make politics "go." The only result of such training that can possibly follow, will be the setting up in the great Christian Endeavor society of a union of re-ligion with politics, which can mean nothing else than a union of church and state. It would certainly be very much in order if the Rev. 