MAY 23, 1895. A.1011EIEEICA.N 163 Holy Roman Empire," says of acts of Con-gress, in his recent work,' "The American Commonwealth ":= Their validity depends on their being within the scope of the law-making power conferred by the su-perior authority [the Constitution] and as they have passed outside that, scope they are invalid. . . . They ought not to be obeyed or in any way regarded by the meanest citizen, because they are not law. This being true of acts invading merely con-stitutional rights in civil things,Šsubstantial rights to be sure, but not trenching, upon the domain of conscience,Šhow much more is it true of inalienable, God-given rights of con-science! Nor is it alone by statesmen and publicists that this principle has been seen and enun-ciated. President Fairchild, of ,Oberlin Col-lege, says:-,- It is too obvious to need discussion, that the law of God, the great principle of benevolence, is supreme, and. that. " we ought to obey God rather than men," in any case of conflict between human law and the divine. . .Ł . It is often urged that the right of private judgment, as now maintained, in reference to Obedience to the laws of the land, will subvert govern-ment, and introduce confusion and anarchy. . . . The danger, however, is greatly over-estimated. Gov-ernment. is never the gainer in the execution of a law that is manifestly unjust. . . . Conscientious men are not the enemies, but the friends, of any govern-ment but a tyranny. ,They are its strength, and not its-weakness. Daniel, in Babylon, praying, contrary to the law, was the true friend and supporter of the ,government; while those who, in their pretended zeal for the law and the constitution, would strike down the good man, were its real enemies. It,  is only when government transcends its sphere, that it comes in conflict with the consciences of men. But it is objected that the example is corrupting, that a bad man will violate a good law, because the good man refuses to obey a wicked law. The cases are justŁas unlike as right and wrong, and any attempt to justify the one by the other, is gross dishonesty. Unquestionably, the principle can be abused by the wicked, and so can any truth whatever, but the prin-ciple of unquestioning obedience to huntan law is false, and needs no perversion to make it mischievous. Practically, the cases are few,- in well-esta,blished gov- Łernments; where the law encroaches, upon the rights of conscience; but if the principle be surrendered, the cases will multiply. . . . The most grievous of all imperfections in government, is the failure to secure the just and good result. Injustice and oppres-sion are not made tolerable by being in strict accord-ance with the law. Nothing is surer, in the end, than the reaction of such wrong, to break down the most perfectly constituted government.ŠFairchild's Moral Philosophy, pp. 178-186 The Adventists of Tennessee, as well as of other States, act upon this principle. They refuse to obey Sunday laws, not from reckless disregard of civil authority, but from conscien-tious conviction of sacred duty. No matter how utterly at variance with their ideas of justice a law might be if it did not invade the realm of conscience, if to obey it did not in-volve disobedience of the law of God, no Ad-ventist would disobey. They would submit even, as did the Saviour, to the imposition of an unjust tax (Matt. 17: 24-27); but they, like " Peter and the other apostles " (Acts 5: 29), feel that they must "obey God rather than men." It is very true that government cannot per-mit men to do whatever they may claim is done by them conscientiously. As our corres-pondent says, some men are conscientiously op-posed to laws guarding property rights, and some are conscientious in the matter of plural marriages. But there is a touchstone to which all such questions can be brought and by which they can be infallibly settled; it is the rule given by Christ himself : " Render therefore unto Cmsar the things which are Ctesars; and unto God the things that are God's." This draws the line between our duties to God and our duties to our fellow-men, and  that is just where all just government must draw it. Whatever trenches upon the equal right of another may be forbidden, and every- thing else is outside the domain of human legislation. Said Abraham Lincoln : " I be-lieve each individual is naturally entitled to do as he pleases with himself and the fruit of his labor, so far as it in no wise interferes with any other man's rights."ŠPolitical Speeches and Debates, page 83. Lincoln's words are in exact accord with these words from Thomas Jefferson:Š Our legislators are not sufficiently apprised of the rightful limits of their power; that their true office is to declare and enforce only our natural rights and duties and to take none of them from us. No man has a natural right to commit aggressions on the equal rights of another; and this is all from which the laws ought to restrain him; every man is under the natural duty of contributing to the necessities of the society; and this is all the laws should enforce upon him.ŠAmerican State Papers Bearing on Religious Legisla-tion, p. 69. Jefferson's rule, which is first of all the divine rule, and secondly the American rule, would exclude all laws requiring the obsery-, ance of real or supposed holy days; but it would not exclude from the domain of proper civil jurisdiction laws prohibiting polygamy; because the marriage relation necessarily in-volves the rights not only of the contracting parties but of their offspring and of society. It would be impossible to permit polygamy anywhere in the United States without thereby jeopardizing the rights of every woman in every State in the Union, and in every country in the world; for with plural marriages legal-ized anywhere, any man who wished to do so might go to that place and there marry other wives without regard to the rights of his first wife who had married him with no thought of any such thing. This is but one point of the many at which polygamy trenches upon civil rights that civil government is in duty bound to safeguard, and to vindicate when infringed. We take our stand on this question with the Fathers of the Republic and declare with Alexander Hamilton that " justice is the end of government. It is the end of civil society. . . . In a society, under the form of which the stronger faction can readily unite and oppress the weaker, anarchy. may as truly be said to reign as in a state of nature, where the weaker individual is not secure against the violence of the stronger."ŠFederalist LI. Professor Colcord is not an anarchist, nor is any man an anarchist simply because he enters a practical protest against tyranny. President Fairchild well says: " Conscientious men are not the enemies but the friends of any government but a tyranny. They are its strength, and not its weakness. Daniel, in Babylon, praying contrary to the law, was the friend and supporter of the government; while those who in their pretended zeal for the law and the constitution, would strike down the good man, were its real enemies." And so to-day Elder Colcord and his brethren are the real friends of law arid order in Tennessee, while those who would prostitute the law to the base ends of bigotry and intolerance are the enemies of all just law, the betrayers of soul liberty. " Who dares not follow Truth where'er Her footsteps lead, But says, 'Oh, guide not there nor there, I have not strength to follow where My feet would bleed i But show me worn ways, trodden fair By feet more brave'Š Who fears to stand in Truth's broad glare, What others dared not will not dare, Is but a slave."  HARRISON'S PEN AND CLEVELAND'S HOOK. ON Sunday, May 11, President Cleveland, with two cabinet officers, went fishing near Leesburg, Va. They fished from 7 o'clock in the morning to 6 o'clock in the evening, catch-ing among them seventy trout, of which number twenty-eight were caught by the Pres-ident. This completes the ruin of the " American Sabbath " which the Sunday-law crusaders persuaded the National Government to make in 1892. On Feb. 29, 1892, the United States Su-preme Court .decided that " this is a Christian nation," citing Sunday laws as one proof. On July 19, 1892, the Congress of the United States followed the lead of the Supreme Court and passed a Sunday bill. On August 5, this bill was signed by Presi-dent Harrison and became a law. The pen with which it was signed was begged from the President and carefully treasured in the ar-chives of the American Sabbath Union; and we were told in great glee that the sacredness of the " American Sabbath" was permanently assured. But what man can sanctify, he can desecrate, and soŠ On March 3, 1895, the same being Sunday, Congress " desecrated," by spending the day in legislative session, what its predecessors had sanctified. On April 7, the same being Sunday, the United States Supreme Court " desecrated " the Sunday of this " Christian nation " by sitting in executive session and attending to business as secular as any business ever per-formed by a Seventh-day Adventist on that day. And finallyŠ On May 11, the same being Sunday, Grover Cleveland, President of the United States, spent the day catching trout, and " desecrated" with his hook what his predecessor had sanc-tified with his pen; and thus completed the ruin of the ŁGovernment-made " American Sabbath." Against all this the Sunday-law crusaders are entering a vigorous protest, and threaten to "turn the rascals out." Although the State-sanctified Sabbath is ruined, the " Sab-bath of the Lord " still stands. Ł Ł- THE " MONITOR " CRITICISES THE CARDI-NAL'S LATIN. SOME time ago, the Catholic Monitor ac-cused the AMERICAN SENTINEL of " steady and unlimited abuse of the pope of Rome." To this we replied that " the Oily mention that we have had occasion to make of the pope has been in connection with his scheme to unite the Roman Catholic Church with the power of the United States Government, to do with this nation now as the church' has done with other nations in the past, and so to bring Europe and all humanity once -more under the power of the papacy; and in' doing this we have only stated the facts as given from the pope through Catholic channels," But that " these plain facts, however, plainly stated, set the papacy in such a wicked light before the country that it is easy enough for Catholic papers to] see in it only steady and unlimited abuse of the pope of Rome.' " We further said that " the only other oc-casion that we have had, or used, to discuss the pope was when, last year, he addressed the Princes and Peoples of the Universe,' and gravely informed us that WE [that is himself] hold the regency of God on earth.' " In our use of the address, " The Princes and Peoples of the Universe," the Monitor thinks it has found evidence of great obtuse- 