118 A..IVEk...ItlIC AN' SIBIINTUDIN IR AO VOL. 10, No. 16. CONSCIENCE AND THE STATE. IT is clear that government cannot become the judge of men's consciences; and that the plea of conscientious conviction cannot be ac-cepted as a final and sufficient defense in all cases of violation of law. What rule, then, can be adopted which will preserve the au-thority of the State and yet not trench upon the rights of conscience? The question thus raised is well answered by a clause in the constitution of the State of Maryland: " No person ought, by any law, to be molested in his person or estate on ac-count of his 'religious persuasion or profession, or for his religious practice, unless under color of religion,. he shall disturb the good order, peace or safety of the State, . . . or in-jure others in their natural, civil, or religious rights." In this the line is drawn just where it should be, namely, at the equal rights of others. Under this provision the courts are not called upon to judge any man's conscience, but only to judge whether or not his con-science leads him to infringe the equal rights of his fellowmen. That a man's conscience is just what he says it is, no man has either right or occasion to deny. A man's statement of his conscience is an end of controversy; but it does not follow that one has a right to do whatever his conscience tells him is right for him to do. There is a difference between con-science and the rights of conscience. No man, however conscientious, has any right to infringe the equal right of another; and at this point civil government has a right to take cognizance, not of any man's conscience, but of the relation of the act to the rights of others: The principle briefly stated is this: No man should be either required or forbidden to do any act contrary to, conscience, however erro-neous that conscience may be, unless the doing or forbearing to do that act trenches on the equal rights of others. This rule would (1) abrogate all civil laws requiring the observance ofSunday or of any other day; and (2) it would leave, the courts free, not to judge men's consciences, but to protect all men against wrong in the name of conscience. But this is only saying in other words that which we have said many times before, namely, that civil governments are instituted not to create or to " grant " rights, but to guarantee the free and untrammeled exercise of equal, natural, God-given, inalienable rights, and that of these the highest and -most sacred is perfect freedom in matters of religious belief and practice. PRESS COMMENTS. A FEW representatives of the religious press, and more of the secular press, have condemned the' persecution of seventh day observers. The following brief extracts are examples:Š FROM THE RELIGIOUS PRESS. The Seventh-day Adventists and Hebrews have the same claim on the protection of our laws in the exer-cise of their liberty as any other class in the commu-nity; and Christians ought to be quite as careful to claim that protection for them as for themselves. Let these abuses be ventilated. The sooner we understand whether this is actually a free country, the better it will be for all concerned.ŠThe Outlook, New York. In not a few of our States religious liberty is grossly, wickedly, infamously violated through the abuse of what are called the Sunday laws. . . . It is amaz-ing how good people fail to understand what are the principles in this matter. . . . It is this sort of thing, that brings reproach upon Christianity. ŠThe Examiner and National Baptist, New York. Let us be careful how we let in the camel's nose of religious legislation, lest the brute crowd his bulky form in and occupy the whole shop. If the law by which these men were legally imprisoned be a righteous law, then may any State, nation, or country set up a  religious creed and enforce it; then France treated properly the Huguenots; Russia, the Jews; and early New England and Virginia, the Baptists and Quakers. Protestant America had better be careful how she lays foundations for other men to build upon. Rome has as good a right to build in her way as we have to build in our way. ŠChurch Bulletin, (Baptist) Chicago. We wonder that the very stones do not cry out against such travesties of justice, that Christian men do not lift up their voices in protest against this wicked perversion of religion, this insult to the name of Christ. And, in particular, why do not Baptists, whose fathers stood against the world for soul liberty, make themselves heard when these relics of medieval bigotry and persecuting intolerance are found in our free country ? Sunday laws like those in Tennessee and Maryland are a disgrace to a Christian common-wealth in this nineteenth century, and should be re-pealed at the earliest possible moment ŠThe Exam-iner, New York. We have again and again, during the last few years, had occasion to express our profound indignation at the administration of Tennessee law as applied to some country farmers belonging to the Seventh-day Advent-ist body, who, after having carefully kept the Sabbath on the seventh day of the week, work in their fields on the first day of the week. This prosecution has been renewed, and three inch of families, one fifty-five and another sixty-two years of age, were convicted, and have, during the summer and autumn, been work-ing out their fine, being set to work with criminals at shoveling on the common highway. They refused to pay their fine, declaring that it was unjust, and that they were liable to be arrested again as soon as they were released. We have said before, and we say again that this is bad law, bad morals, and bad religion.ŠThe Independent, New York. THE SECULAR PRESS. So long as the labor of Adventists on Sunday does not interfere with the rights of the Mosaic and Puri-tanic people on the same, the prosecution of them seems neither more nor less than persecution.ŠChicago Tribune. It seems absolutely incredible that in this age of en-lightenment, in these free United States, men should suffer and families be plunged into sorrow because they have exercised a right of conscience guaranteed to them by the Constitution of the country.ŠChicago Daily Globe. People.are asking if we are returning to the days of Cotton Mather or the Spanish Inquisition, that faith-ful, law-abiding citizens must be fined or driven from the country when their only offense consists in quietly carrying out the convictions of conscience.ŠLouisville Courier Journal. The principle involved is simple and its application plain. The State has nothing to do with religion, ex-cept to protect every citizen in his religious liberty. It has no more right to prescribe the religious observ-ance of Sabbaths and holy clays, than to order sacra-ments and to ordain creeds. ŠNew York World. If in any State the Adventists, the Hebrews, or any other people who believe in observing Saturday in-stead of Sunday, should happen to predominate, and they undertook to throw Christians into dungeons, and after branding them criminals, should send them to the penitentiary for working on Saturday, indigna-tion would blaze forth throughout Christendom against the great injustice, the wrong against the liberty of the rights of the citizen,ŠThe Arena. The keeper of Saturday has an undoubted moral right to his convictions. More than this, his legal right to observe Saturday as a holy day and Sunday as a secular day ought not to be called in question in free America, by any civil authority. -It would not be in doubt for a moment were it not for the.existence of legal anachronisms.that should have gone out with the witchcraft laws, or at the latest, with George the third.ŠBoston Daily Globe. My whole soul revolts at the barbarism and ferocious savagery which seeks by resurrecting obsolete laws to reenact in a measure the tragedies of the past, and which through legal technicalities ignores the constitu-tional guarantee of Tennessee. It is a shame, a crying shame, that such insane fanaticism, such- anti-Chris-tian intolerance, should flourish at this late day; and doubly shameful is it that our sense of justice and love of liberty are so benumbed by conventional hypocrisy that we do not as a nation rise up against such liberty-destroying inhumanity. To me there is nothing so terrible as the spectacle of just and upright men suf-fering as criminals.ŠThe Arena. All these religious laws and prosecutions which have stained the history of the Church in all ages, come not from an earnest, Christian desire to elevate mankind, but from the malicious disposition of the professor of religion to punish the man who dares to question the  superior excellence ,of his professions. The religious Sunday observer of Tennessee could afford to be leni-ent, with the squirrel hunters whose rifles could be heard popping in the timber on all hours of that holy day. He could easily ignore their violations of his Sunday law because the transgressors were low white trash whose influence cut no figure. But when a man making equally high religious professions with him-self, whose life was just as pure and exemplary, who derived the authority of his position from the saine sacred volume from which he derived his, and could defend his positions with arguments and citations which could not be refuted,Šwhen such a man dis-puted the sanctity of his Sunday observance, a chal-lenge was thrown out which he could not afford to ignore without serious sacrifice of his professed sanc-tity.ŠSigourney (Iowa) Review. Indeed, a general lethargy seems to have overtaken our people and this is the most disheartening symptom present in the body politic at the present time. The. day seems to have gone by when the cry of the op-pressed or the weak arouses the sense of justice in the hearts of our people. Especially is it sad to see the religious press, supposed to represent the spirit of the Reformation (which struggled against such fearful persecution of other days), now so silent when fellow-men are being ground between the millstones kir con-science' sake. . . . I believe that nations commit suicide no. less than individuals, and that wrong done by nations will re-sult in evil consequences; and believing this,' while loving the great Republic, I cannot remain silent when she is unjust or when she wrongs, in the name of law, upright citizens because they do not believe as the majority believe. No State or nation can afford to allow a law not based on justice to remain upon the statute books, And when our Republic so far forgets the high ideals of justice, liberty, and human rights which made her the flower of the ages, as to permit unjust laws to be passed, or cruel, obsolete statutes to be resuscitated in the interests of any class, any sect, or any religion, she makes law-breaking citizens, and plants in her own breast the seeds of disintegration. Š The Arena. " If the day has been appointed by divine edict, but two or more persons honestly and con-scientiously differ as to what day was ap-pointed,, can the dispute be settled by legislative enactment? And shall one be given rights which are denied the other ? Does might make right, and have the majority the right to dic-tate in matters purely of conscience?"ŠJudge Parks. THEY PLEAD THEIR OWN CASES. AT the beginning of the prosecution of Sev-enth-day Adventists for Sunday labor, prom-inent attorneys were employed to plead their cases; among them the }Ion. Don M. Dickin-son, of Detroit, Mich., and thousands of dol-lars were thus spent with the hope of securing favorable decisions, but to no avail. James T. Ringgold, of the Baltimore bar, one of the ablest lawyers of Maryland, on learning of the injustice being done to seventh-day observers, volunteered his services, and made a noble fight for liberty in his State, but the decisions were against him. One case was carried to the Supreme Court of the United States, but was dropped from the calendar owing to the sudden death of the defendant. Since then, the Supreme Court of the United States has decided that " this is a Christian nation," citing the Sunday laws of the several States as sustaining proof. Consequently, Seventh-day Adventists entertain no hope of relief from the Federal Court. The failure of human counsel has led them to rely more implicitly upon divine assistance, and they now appear in. their own defense, relying wholly upon the promise of the Lord : " When they bring you unto the synagogues, and unto magistrates, and powers, take ye no thought how or what thing ye shall answer, or what ye shall say: for the Holy Ghost shall teach you in the same hour what ye ought to say." Luke 12: 11, 12. The following are brief quotations from the 