62 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 2. The worst influences as regards Sunday violation come from professed Christians, some of these being ministers in the Church. 3. Christians want laws to com-pel Sunday observance, evidently to com-pel these church members to live as they believe. What a travesty is all this on the re- ligion of Christ, when Sunday-keeping has so little support from the Scriptures, when church members set the worst ex-ample as regards its observance, then for Christians to clamor for a civil law to compel recreant brethren among others to observe it ! It is a confession that it has no basis in. God's word, and that they have no faith in the power of Christ to impress it upon the conscience. Sunday is a papal institution, and it takes papal means to " induce " the people, some of whom are Sunday Christians, to observe it. May it be long befoi.e California greets the Dark Ages in another Sunday law. But our genial townsman, N. R. John-ston, member of the State Executive Com-mittee of the California branch of the American Sabbath Association, is becom-ing discouraged over the prospects of a Sunday law, at least his letter of Decem-ber 3, to the Christian Statesman so in-dicates. He says :Š At my last writing I hoped to be able ere this to communicate something very encouraging as to the progress of our Sabbath cause in this State, but in common with others I have been disappointed. Even since the State convention, held while Dr. Wilbur Crafts was here, when a large Executive Committee was appointed, the interest in the cause has seemed to be growing less. We only hope that it is true, and wish Mr. Crafts would come again and a com-mittee twice as large be appointed. The cause, in part, of this decline our friend thinks is because of the agreement to leave out of view the divine authority and the religious feature of the reformŠto work only for a " civil Sunday law, . . . to ignore the claims of the moral law of God." And Mr. Johnston con-cludes that " unless there can be awak-ened more earnestness and a heartiei co-operation on the part of church members, it will be a long time before California will have any Sabbath law or any better Sabbath Observance." He " thinks it doubtful whether they will ever again have any kind of a law in favor of any kind of a Sabbath." It is a mournful .wail. If we may be allowed to suggest to these preachers, we would say, turn from man and put your trust in God. If Sunday is supported by the Bible, preach it, practice it, press it home by the aid of the Spirit of truth upon the conscience of men, and observ-ance of the day will improve. You will not need the support of the civil arm. But if Sunday is not supported by the Bible, it is not worthy of this effort. If these ministers would only preach the  gospel, what a blessing it would be. They ought to be discouraged.ŠSigns of the Times, 'Oakland, California. Ł-ŁŁ Ł Ł An Opinion on the Blair Bill. Truths of Nature, a monthly journal of natural science, published in Boston, has the following concerning the Blair Sunday Bill and its supporters ' " He has a very powerful, but a very unchristian minority in the sponsors of his bill, seeking in.this way to strengthen their waning power. The bill may be passed, for the American people are pa-tient and long-suffering in such cases; but there is such a thing as the `last feather,' and when the reaction takes place in the minds of the American people the tribe of Blairs will be swept into obscurity, and the religious freedom of the people of the United States will be doubly assured. The very fact that Senator Blair, in his Sunday Rest bill' invokes the aid of statute law to compel the people to rest according to his programme robs the Sabbath of its holiness. . . . Each man should be allowed to spend the day according to the dictates of his own con-science,' .so long as he does not interfere with the natural rights of others. If the churches are not filled there is something wrong in the churches. When Senator Blair's followers are prepared to discard purple and fine linen, distribute the pro-ceeds among the poor, and then preach as did the lowly Nazarene, without price ; when they are willing to follow those they desire to save, as did Jesus, they will rob their present action of its selfish aspect. The time has gone by when we could take a club and compel men to go down on their knees and pray. We can no loiter put a man in the stocks for being an ab-sentee from church on Sunday. The very power that Senator Blair seeks in his Sunday Rest bill,' if granted, would de-feat the object sought." A Pointed Item. Pertinent Questions. IN the Sunday issue of the Tribune of this city there is a department entitled " In the Church Porch," in which much sound doctrine is dispensed,Š the follow-ing, for instance, which we commend to Joseph Cook and others who in the at-tempt to justify their demand that the State shall teach religion, so innocently exclaim that so many of the people "never see the inside of a church" :Š "Did Jesus preach his gospel in a big and well-appointed church in sHigh Street, Jerusalem ? Did he announce that those who desired to hear him must go there; or did he rather go where the sinners were and there preach to them ? Preach to them ? I recall the word. He did better than preach; he entered into the lives of sinners; he learned what their burden of sorrow or trouble was and tried to lighten it. He came to them not as a professional preacher, but as a friend and brother. And if the modern church would succeed it must go and do likewise. s "Take an illustration. Here is a great physician, and here are a multitude of sick folk needing his skill. But instead of going to the homes of these sick folk and trying to cure them by suggesting remedies ap-propriate to their special cases, he erects a big hall, and gives a course of learned and brilliant weekly lectures on the importance of believing in, and supporting the State Medical Society. Do you think the sick people would go to these lectures to be cured of their sickness ? But maybe the physician would describe in his lectures the true nature of disease and the manifold resources of medical science. Maybe he would show how frequently people brought sic,kness on themselves by their vices or their ignorance. Would that help the sick people ? Not at all. No matter how com-fortable his lecture-hall might be, no mat-ter how beautiful the music of his phoir might be, no matter how eloquent his lect-. ure might be, those who were sick in their wretched homes, or on the streets, would still remain sick, until he went to them individually, and gave them medicine to heal their sickness. " What say you to this, brother preach-ers, who expect sin-sick souls to be cured by listening to your eloquent sermons on the importance of joining the church, or on some abstruse scheme of theology.? Ł Would it not be wiser to go to these men and women and personally give them the medicine which will cure their special ! sickness ? Not that preaching is to be ignored. Oh, no. It is one of the greatest functions of Christianity. But it cannot take the place of sympathetic ministration to individual souls, which, more than any-thing else, is needed to-day in our great cities. To vast multitudes of men and women, parochialism, with its cast-iron methods, is an utter and complete failure. Would it not, therefore, be wisefor the Church to try some other more simple and direct plan ?' A religious paper of Oakland, Cali-fornia, has the following pointed item :Š" The field secretary of the American Sabbath Union, who has so much to say about the unfortunate and fearful con-dition of California with no Sunday law, says of his investigation in New York City on the first Sunday of the year, and Ł  since,' I started to write down a list of Ł Ł Ł the places open, but found it would be much easier to make a record of the places closed.' Dear Mr. Crafts, San Francisco Ł and Oakland are not so bad, as that, with no Sunday law. And if there had been such a law as you desire, how would you have escaped arrest ? Under which head, mercy' or necessity,' would your work have come ?" 