68 THE AMMRICAN of the Sabbath. Tides of emigration have swept hither and thither over the earth. Empires have risen, flourished, and fallen, but the week has endured, amid all convulsions and changes. . . . Philology has done for the truth concerning God's eternal Sabbath, what cuneiform inscriptions, and mummy pits, are doing for general and national history. All of which facts support the state-ment, that the week is an imperishable monument to the true Sabbath. That the week has not been lost this side of the Christian era need not even be as-serted, in view of the facts already given. . Even the tyro in history knows that such a thing would have been impossible. It follows, that unless we find in the Bible authority for keeping as the Sabbath a day other than the seventh day of the week, as we now have it, the claim that Sunday is the Sabbath enjoined by the fourth commandment, utterly fails for want of even an excuse for ever having had an existence. And that the Bible affords no such evidence will be shown next week. C. P. B. Method in Their Madness. " IF the Russian policy of persecution towards the Jews is deemed madness," re-marks the Observer, "there is apparently some method in the madness. According to the Vienna correspondent of the Lon-don Standard, M. Pobedonostzeff was asked by M. Poliakoff, a well known Rus-sian Jewish banker in St. Petersburg, whether it was true that the recent expul-sion of Russian Jews was due to his initia-tive. Minister Pobedonostzeff replied that it was, and then went on to say : 'I ad-dressed a memorandum to the Czar, and that was the origin of the orders you refer to. In that memorandum it was pointed out how useful it would be to Russia if a considerable number, at least some thous-ands, of Jewish families could be con-verted to the Orthodox faith, and thereby assimilated to or absorbed in the Russian race. The best way to this end, it was urged would be to enforce the old decrees against the Jews, because the classes most wanted, like landed proprietors, manufac-turers, first-class merchants, doctors, law-yers, and so forth, would rather be con-verted than to be driven out of their homes, and forced to reside within the Jewish pale. We Russians want new blood in our race, and none better could be found than that of the Jews, whose thrift, industry, soberness, domestic tastes, thirst for learning, and self-culture, whose instinct for trade, money making and money saving are just the qualities which we require, and which would come into our race by the infusion of Jewish blood. We can not amalgamate with the lower classes of Jews. But I can not observe any bad qualities in the better class of Jews, like you, M.Poliakoff, and we hope to retain them by conversion, if we only leave them expulsion as an alternative. . . All this was in my memorandum, and in an audience I had of the Czar, his Maj-esty directly expressed the hope that tens of thousands of the better class of Jews would embrace the Orthodox faith, and thereby become Russians.' The scheme is certainly a bold one and the statesman who would thus boldly announce it is al-most an anomaly. The views of M. Poliakoff on the subject would be interest-ing." The Powers of a Commonwealth. THE distinctions between sin and crime are many, but to make the discrimination it is necessary to mention but a few. 1. Sin is "a breach of the law of holiness, a lapse out of the likeness to the divine form," while crime is any act in violation of civil law. 2. Sin is defined by the moral law, crime by the civil statutes. 3. The pen-alty for sin is always the same, while pen-alty for crime varies according to time and circumstances. It is true that sin, in some forms, may be crime, and crime may be identical with sin, but not necessarily so. For instance, civil laws permit the acquisi-tion of property. But when one labors to that end, the State does not question whether covetous motives induced the effort or not. Property is disposed of, and handsome profits realized, but the civil law does not demand a portion of the pro-ceeds for charity. In his greedy desire to accumulate money, one may withhold from a prospective customer the knowledge of an existing flaw in that which he is selling and thereby secure the best of a bargain. It is dishonest to take such a course, in fact it is a sin, yet the law does not oblige such an one to give the purchaser an equivalent, because that method of deal-ing is not counted a crime. Again a man's covetousness may lead him to marry for money. He has violated a plain command of God, and so committed sin, yet the marriage is regarded lawful by the State. On the other hand, it is possible for one to be convicted of crime by the civil law, when he has violated no precept of the moral law. In their zeal to protect what they call their own interests, some govern-ments make laws of an oppressive nature, for which those on whom they operate harshly can see no good reason. To illus-trate : The tTnited States has exclusion laws which forbid certain persons, from other countries, to land on its shores. But suppose one of these unfortunates, in de-fiance of the law, pursues happiness by quietly seeking to better his fortunes on forbidden territory, what precept of mo-rality has he violated ? Yet such an one is apprehended by the civil law, and his liberty restrained, just the same as the most pronounced criminal. As another illustration on this point, the following fact, relative to American slav-ery, may be cited. Prior to the civil strife which resulted in the freedom of 4,000,-000 slaves, it was held to be a criminal  offense to aid one of those bondmen to escape to English soil, or to harbor one' while thus running the gauntlet for lib-,  erty. All along the northern borders of , the slave States, benevolent Quakers, and others, operated what was then known as "under-ground railways," for the purpose of secretly helping the unfortunate blacks into freedom. But in every case they ex-posed themselves to the penalty of six months' imprisonment, a fine of $1,000, and civil damages to the same amount. To thus befriend a fellow-creature, held in forced bondage, and for no fault of his own, was then considered a crime worthy of severe penalties, yet who can say that the self-sacrificing acts of those men, in defying the rigors of the civil law, were sin before the law of Jehovah ? Another, and a very substantial reason why a civil government can not treat crime as sin is that, the attempt to do so would completely overthrow the social fabric. While the moral law calls for an extreme penalty upon its transgressorŠeven death itself, no one need suffer the punishment prescribed, however great his sin, provided he accepts certain conditions of amnesty freely offered to all. The con-ditions are, that any one convicted of sin by the moral law may, upon genuine sor-row and repentance, attested by humble confession in the name of Christ, have instant pardon. See Ps. 32:1-5; 1 John 1 : 9. This done, the sinner is free from the penalty of the moral law. But suppose the State should regard crime as sin, and attempt to punish it as such,Šas a representative of God's gov-ernment,Šwhat could it do in the case of one who, on being apprehended for crime, and brought before the judge, should de-clare, with acceptable evidence, that he had already been absolved from the offense by the Court .of Heaven ? If the State, in its judicial work, acts as the agent of Jehovah, would it not be legally bound to recognize the validity of the prisoner's plea, and discharge him ? Carry the matter a step farther. Suppose the prisoner has not, up to the time of his conviction by the civil court, acknowledged his guilt. But upon the verdict to that effect being ren-dered by the jury, he immediately, with tears, makes open and hearty confession of his sin, and then declares that by faith he has received full forgiveness of God for the same. Could the court then, if in ses-sion for the purpose of discovering moral guilt, refuse the prisoner his liberty ? It certainly could not, for when God makes one free he is "free indeed." That would never do, one may say; such a course would destroy the power of the State to bring any one to justice. It cer-tainly would, and that without remedy. But still it would be the only logical out-come of an attempt to make the civil law punish crime as sin against God; and all because the State, which is at best but a human power, assumes to exercise the attributes and authority of Jehovah. 