146 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠCbris-tian and Constitutional. 1' Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoface.) Human Rights. THERE is a phase of human rights which with the mighty men who made this nation took precedence even of the governmental principles of equality of civil right and government only by the consent of the governed. That is Religious Right. It has been this phase of hu-man right, that more than the other, has made this na-tion what it has been in true greatness, and the light of the world. With those noble men, those men of Providence, reli-gious right was rightly set up first of all and above all. The right of a man to perform his duty to the Creator according to the dictates of his own conscience, abso-lutely untrammeled and unmolestedŠthis was singled out, and discussed, and settled, first of all. The found-ers of our nation said that that must be settled first; for without religious liberty there could be no true civil lib-erty. When they had settled that and spread it among the people of the then thirteen States, then they set about to frame a national government; and in that they es-tablished as a fundamental principle that the Govern-ment must have nothing to do with any man's religion or irreligion; that Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; that no religious test shall ever be re-quired; and that the Gov.ernment of the United States is not in any sense founded upon the Christian religion. These are the declarations of the men who made the Government,ŠWashington, Madison, Jefferson,Šall the noble patriots who made the Government of that day; and who made it to stand forever as they made it. But to-day vast throngs and combines are being compacted together to draw this nation into the very thing which our fathers repudiated to draw the nation into an alli-ance with what somebody may choose to call Christian religion; to enforce by law somebody's idea of what people ought to do with respect to religious observance; .and the taxation of the people for the support of the church and religion. All these things are being persist-ently pushed upon the Government of the United States,  against the Constitution, against the history that made the nation, against the plain fundamental principles es-tablished by those who made the nation. When our fathers established the principles of this Government they announced them to the world, and actually fixed them in the great seal of the United States, so that when the great seal of this Government makes its impression upon anything it tells to the world that here is "A new order of things;" and that "God has fa-vored the undertaking." Every time the Secretary of State of the United States places that great seal upon paper, parchment, wax, or whatever it may be, it tells to-the world that this nation was established to show to the world "a new order of things," and that "God has favored the undertaking" of establishing a nationlfor-that purpose. When a nation publishes as its fundamental princi-ple the separating the government from religion, leaving everybody free to believe and worship according to the dictates of his own conscience, uninterrupted by any per-son or power on earthŠif that nation separates from that principle and takes the opposite course, setting to- the nations the example of religious interference and re-ligious persecution, then what is there left for the people of the other nations, who, so far as they have been en-lightened at all, have been enlightened by this great principle? They must be swept back into the old order-of things, there to perish. What then remains for this nation-itself? What then remains for the world? Our fathers in their day saw this danger and ex-pressed it plainly. When they were asked to legislate in behalf of the Christian religion, they said, "What a mel-ancholy departure is this bill!" If this principle is de-stroyed, what will the nations do who are looking to this nation for civil liberty and liberty of conscience? They will have to turn their steps away from us, and then where will they find a- place on the earth? Where shall freedom find a refuge if that is done in this nation? That document was written by Madison in his own hand. He realized that legislation in behalf of religious observ-ance was a melancholy departure, and was "the first step" in a course of things, of which the Inquisition is only the last step. Accordingly they declared that they would escape the consequences by denying the principle. But this principle :of our fathers with the others is being ignored and repudiated to-day; and it is time for all the people to begin to think on the question of human rights. We have said that the thirteenth and fourteenth chapters of Romans are the basis of this study of human rights. In the fourteenth chapter we read: "One man esteemeth one day above another: another esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind." This is spoken in a connection in which "the powers that be" are considered. How then does the Scripture stand as compared with that which is 