AMERICAN SENTINEL. - 503 son, except apothecaries and druggists, shall keep open store, or dispose of any wares or merchandize, goods' or chattels, on Sunday, or sell or barter the same; and every person so offending shall, on conviction, be fined not more than twenty dollars for every such offense." Other sections prohibit shows and exhibitions on Sunday, hunting and fishing, and the Sunday sale of liquors. The code of Maryland decrees (Sec. 247) that "No person whatsoever shall work or do any bodily labor on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, and no per-son having children shall command or willingly suffer any of them to do any manner of work or labor on the Lord's day (works of necessity and charity always ex-cepted), nor shall suffer or permit any children or serv-ants to profane the Lord's day by gaming, fishing, fowl-ing, hunting, or unlawful pastime or recreation; and every person transgressing this section, and being thereof convicted before a justice of the peace, shall for-feit five dollars, to be applied to the use of the county." Other sections prohibit the Sunday sale of candy, tobacco, alcoholic drinks, soda and mineral waters, and the opening on Sunday of dancing saloons, opera houses, barber shops, and ball alleys. The State of Tennessee guards the religious dogma of Sunday sacredness by the following:Š "SEc. 2289. If any merchant, artificer, tradesman, farmer, or other person shall be guilty of doing or exer-cising any of the common avocations of life, or of caus-ing or permitting the same to be done by his children or servants, acts of real necessity or charity excepted, on Sunday, he shall, on due conviction thereof before any justice of the peace of the county, forfeit and pay three dollars, one half to the person who will sue for the same, the other half for the use of the county." Other sections prohibit playing at any game or sport, hunting and fishing, and drunkenness, on Sunday, any traffic in view of a worshiping assembly on Sunday,  and the Sunday sale of intoxicating liquors. The central idea of all these ste tutes and of others that might be quoted from other State codes, is that "the Lord's day" must be protected by law as a sacred day. The one chief object in all of them is to prevent that day from being desecrated and profaned. Thus the State attempts, through its statutes, to compel the ob-servance of a religious institution, and at the same time, in its constitution, proclaims that every citizen is free in all matters of religious belief and practise. By its Sun-day statutes the State puts severe disabilities upon the religious class who observe the seventh day, and at the same time, in its constitution, proclaims that all relig-ious classes shall be on an equality before the law. Here is a plain conflict of authorities; and which one should prevail? The question is not a difficult one to answer. The constitution of the State is the fundamental law of the State, and to that every statute must conform. Any  statute which fails to do this is unconstitutional and void. The disregard of Sunday statutes by observers of the seventh day, is not from any spirit of defiance to the State or its people, but from the love of religious liberty and the desire to enjoy that liberty as the State itself has provided. To worship on the seventh day of the week, to regard that day rather than the first as the "Lord's day," and to disregard the religious belief and practise of the majority, is in perfect harmony with the highest State law; and to deny this privilege to any cit-izen is contrary to that law. To enforce the Sunday statutes in a State where there are constitutional pro-visions such as we have quoted, is an unconstitutional proceeding. The Sunday statutes are the real law-break-ers. They are the real disturbers of the peace, the real troublers in Israel. The national and State constitutions alike declare for religious freedom. The assurances of religious liberty which they give sprang from the principle of sep-aration of church and state, which, when the national Government was formed, stood as a beacon principle of Liberty enlightening the world. They sprang from the inauguration of the "new order of things" in state and church, to be exemplified in the Republic of the New World. The Sunday statutes, on the other hand, are relics of the old order of things,Šthe old institutions of despotic government and church and state union. Which shall prevailŠthe fundamental, constitu-tional law of religious freedom? or the merely statutory law, unconstitutional and mediaeval, commanding a re-ligious observance? Only the former can prevail in a truly republican government. Liberty and republican-ism must stand or fall together. Genuine Christianity. CHRISTIANITY is not a voice in the wilderness, but a life in the world. It is not an idea in the air, but feet on the ground going God's way. It is not an exotic to be kept under glass, but a hardy plant to bear twelve man-ner of fruits in all kinds of weather. Fidelity to duty is its root and branch. Nothing we can say to the Lord, no calling Him by great or dear names, can take the place of the plain doing of his will. We may cry out about the beauty of eating bread with him in his kingdom, but it is wasted breath and a rootless hope unless we plough and plant in his kingdom here and now. To rightly remember him at his table, and to forget him at ours, is an impossi-bility. There is no substitute for plain, everyday good-ness.ŠSelected. "Knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we per-suade men."ŠPaul. 