Equal and exact justice to all rriert, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jeferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, JULY 10, 1890. NUMBER 27. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, Cr, P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Me KEE THE Signs of the Times, of Oakland, California, says, that it "is just as stren-uously opposed to laws for, the seventh-clay Sabbath as it is to laws for Sunday. Government has no business to legislate on the question." And so say we. THE Supreme Court of Indiana has de-cided that a will drafted on Sunday is valid, and 'that such labor is not in viola- tion of the law forbidding "common la-bor" on Sunday, and holds that there is a " wide distinction between the execution of contract's, notes, and bonds on Sunday, and the execution' of a will." It is well that the Court so decided, else it must also have forbidden dying upon Sunday, since it might easily happen that a man, neg-lecting to make his will upon Sunday, would die before Monday and so leave no will. CRITICISING certain so-called Sunday-law' arguments the Western Herald of Burlington, Iowa, says:Š Facts are worth stating, even in a church and at,  a meeting whose aim is the civil enforcement of a religious institution. The speakerŁ who asserted that the French Revolution was the result of the abolish-ment of Sunday, the so-called day of rest, and the substitution therefor of every tenth day in its stead, was either quite uninformed or wilfully perversive. The causes of that Revolution were multiplexŠbut chiefly due to the poverty of the masses who had long been preyed upon by the nobility, the common people seemingly being regarded -as born only for the use of the upper class. Atheism was widely prevalent, it cannot be denied, but it was largely the outgrowth of the oppression and flagrant im-morality of the ruling classes. Yes, facts are worth stating; but those who plead for compulsory Sunday observ- ance are not as careful to state facts as they should be. The fact that it was the abuses practiced by a corrupt church that more than anything else caused the athe-ism which was so pronounced in France at the time of the Revolution, would not be of service to their cause, and so they don't state it. They find it more conven-ient, even if less logical, to attribute that atheism to what were in fact some of its results. An Interesting Question Raised. IN the last number of THE SENTINEL we reprinted from the _Sun, a dispatch from Nashville, Tennessee, stating that the conviction of a Seventh-day Adventist for working on Sunday had been confirmed by the Supreme Court of that State; and that the National Religious Liberty Asso-ciation was about to make an appeal to the United States Supreme Court. The dis-patch stated that the point on which the appeal is to be taken, is the rights of a cit-izen of the United States under the First and Fourteenth Amendments. This ques-tion is both interesting and important. In Tennessee and Georgia at the present 'time, religious people who conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, and who are honest and model citizens in every respect, are being meanly persecuted, as have been others of the same class in Arkansas, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania, at other times, by those who profess to observe Sunday. It is important to know as soon as pos-sible whether it is true that in this Nation one class of citizens must be compelled to pay tribute to the religious views of an-other class. Is it true anywhere in this country that there is a class of religionists who have a monopoly of religious views secured to them by the State ? As these things have been going on for a consider-able length of time, we have longed to see the day come when the matter should be tested by the National Constitution, and we are glad that the prospect of its being tested is now so good, and we hope that  the Religious Liberty Association will make good the announcement which we have read in this dispatch. We have no doubt whatever that if the decision shall be rendered according to justice, and the logic of the Constitution, it will put a quietus upon this exercise of the persecut-ing propensities of certain Sunday relig-ionists. If the First Amendment to the Con-. stitution stood alone, there would be no ground of appeal on this point, because it simply forbids Congress to make any law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; but in that amendment there is no inhibition upon the States. The States are not for-bidden to do what Congress is there for-bidden to do. The powers not prohibited to the States by the Constitution, are re-served to the States respectively or to the people, and as that amendment does not forbid the State to do thus, that power may be exercised by the State to any ex-tent. So far as this amendment goes in'  itself, any State in the Union might es-tablish any religion and forbid the exer-cise of any religion but that. But this amendment, taken in connection with the Fourteenth, assures perfect, religious lib-erty to every citizen of the United States. The Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States estab-lished a new order of things under this Government. Before this amendment was adopted, there was primarily no such thing as a citizen. of the United States. Every person was a citizen of a State first, and a citizen of the United States only because he was-  a citizen of a State ; but the adoption of that amendment made all persons born or naturalized within the United States, citizens of the United States, and of the several States in which they reside ; so that now every person is a citizen of the United States first of all, and after that is a citizen of whatever State it may be in which he resides. The Fourteenth Amendment further says that "no State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or im- 