168 AMERICAN SENTINEL. power and wisdom to make you understand it ! This is Rome's position exactly, only Rome, with more worldly wisdom, simply brings the individual to the human au-thority direct, and thereby saves herself much trouble in the management of her adherents. The very essence of Romanism is the interposing of human authority be-tween the soul and God, and the very essence of this " Protestantism " is the same. We would not quote this if it were not fairly repre-sentative of most of, the Protestantism of to-day. Prot-estant instructors are almost always ready to give this advice to those whom they would guide under such cir-cumstances. They do not make it compulsory upon any, to be sure; they can present no commands from the Church "authorities" forbidding an individual to be guided by his own conscientious understanding of God's Word. But they go as far as they can in the way of persuading him to set aside his own mind, and be moved, like an automaton, by the mind of another. They differ from Rome only in the means employed, not in the prin-ciple involved or the end sought. What does God himself say about this? James 1: 5 gives the answer : " If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask [not of his pastor or his ' wiser ' friends, but] of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not ; and it shall be given him." True Protestantism believes these words, and leaves every individual free to make them a rule of life. The Cry of " Treason." BY A. SMITH. WHEN Ahaziah, a certain king Of Judah, was slain by Jehu, king of Israel, his mother, Athaliah, daughter of the wicked Ahab and Jezebel, saw her opportunity to usurp the government, which she did by slaying "all the seed royal" except one, the infant son of the king, and reigning instead of, the rightful heir. For six years she held the scepter, but at the end of that time the young prince, JŁoash by name, was brought forth from the temple, where he had been hidden by his sister, who was the wife of the high priest, and by the principal men of the land was made king and placed upon the throne of Judah amid the acclamations of the people. But when Athaliah saw what had been done she rent her clothes and cried "Treason ! Treason ! " Now, who in this instance was guilty of treason, the lawful king, or the subverter and usurper of the govern-ment? , The answer is obvious. At the present time there is a large class of people in the United States who, in their mistaken zeal to promote religious legislation, are seeking to subvert the Govern-ment from the principles upon which it was founded by our forefathers (the most Christlike in principle of any government ever founded by man) and change it into a religious despotism. Those who, oppose this innovation  are charged with treasonable purposes; and the passions of men, fired by false applications of patriotic principles, are invoked to frenzy against them as subverters of the Government. There is real danger threatening our political institu-tions, and it requires a cool unbiased judgment to meet the issue. It seems that the bill of Mr. Walters of Kansas, to give the Decalogue legal force in that State, was intro-duced in all seriousness, according to The Examiner, of this city. "The bill," says this journal, "has already passed to its third reading, and as we go to press Mr. Walters announces his intention of forcing a final vote during the present week. He says that he is meeting with the greatest encouragement from the citizens of his State, and even were he so inclined, he would not now dare to retreat. A Week of Prayer for "Sabbath Observance." APRIL 4-11 has been designated by a committee rep resenting the Sunday observance movement. as a "week of prayer for the observance of the Lord's day." Three especial subjects of prayer are set forth in the announce-ment, as follows:Š "1. That God will bestow such influences of the Holy Spirit as shall quicken the consciences of all Christians that they may give more earnest heed to His command to hallow the sabbath in their homes and in public by re-fraining from such acts as will tend to weaken regard for the Lord's day. "2. That He will lead Christians to obey the impor-tant part of the fourth commandment: `Thou, nor thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy stranger,' and to understand that it is a greater sin to require an-other to do a wrong than to do it ourselves; and that no one obeys God fully in this command until he has done all in his power to secure for those in his employ an opportunity for the enjoyment of sabbath rest and wor-ship. Ł " 3. That He will lead to victory all who are striving to enforce the laws against the open saloon on the sab-bath, and such amusements as disturb the peace and quiet of the day." We are fully in sympathy with the desire that Chris- tians and all others should be led to a better observance of the Lord's day, and trust that this special season of prayer may bear fruit to that end. In reading the above, however, our eye is caught by the phrase, "the important part of the fourth commandment." This gives rise to some queries. What is the important part of the fourth command- ment? This call to prayer for its observance sets forth "Thou, nor thy manservant, nor thy maid- servant, nor thy stranger" as the important part. In seeking an answer to the query it might be pertinent to inquire, What is the unimportant part of Łthe fourth 