THE sni\vrINEL. 75 Christian Liberty. 4  4  THE TRUE DOCTRINE IS NOT OUR RIGHT TGTHINIC FOR OURSELVES, BUT THE RIGHT OF THE OTHER MAN TO THINK FOR HIMSELF." THE impression very widely prevails that the battle for Christian liberty has been fought and won. So far as regards precaution of the more active kind, this is the casein the larger part of the civilized world. The right of the minority to free speech and free action in the line of conscientious conviction is, in theory, at least, conceded. But it is a mistake to assume -that because harsh laws have been softened, human nat-ure has been radically changed. The grosser forms of persecution have disappeared, but subtler forms remain. The intolerant spirit has survived the death of many institutions by which intolerance was once manifested. Christian liberty is still, in a considerable de-gree, conceded only in theory. Men still en-deavor to punish those who have the temerity to differ with them. There is no cause for astonishment at this Manifestation of inconsistency. It is one of the curious things in human history to see how generally the persecuted have become in turn persecutors the moment the power was lodged in their hands. And why? Because the true principle of Christian liberty had not been grasped, and is to this day apprehended by only a few. The right of any body of men to:: differ in opinion from others has always been claimed by them; there is no novelty in that. From the beginning, every Christian sect that has arisen has vehemently contended for its right to differ from others. It has pro-tested against persecutionŠthat is to say, the persecution of itself by others. But in few cases has any sect conceded the right of others to differ from it, or forborne to persecute when it had the power. And in our own day each man is prompt to claim and assert the right to think for himself, but how loth most are to concede the equal right of all other men to think for themselves. Everyone resents any attempt to coerce him into the avowal of any-thing that he does not honestly believe, but how few of us fail at one time or another to attempt thus to coerce others. The true doctrine of Christian liberty is not our right to think for ourselves, but the right of the other man to think for himself. There is no danger now that our ,right will not be insisted upon and enforced, particu-larly if our thinking happens to fall in with that of the majority. It is the other man's liberty that is in danger)  particularly if he happens to be in the minority. It is his lib-erty that demands defense at all hazards; for, if liberty is denied him, how long will it be conceded to us? - To demand liberty for the other man, even when he differs from us, is not to admit that truth and error are essentially one, or to deny that it is of great consequence what the other man believes and teaches. It may be our duty to oppose with all our might what he teaches, to denounce it as deadly error. But this may be done without identifying the man  with what he teaches, and without the dis-play of the spirit of intolerance and persecu-tion. We need not try to make the man odi-ous because his opinion is odious to us. To be loyal to the truth, and yet faithfully to recog-nize the equal rights of all men to free thought and free speech, is not always an easy task. The two may, however, be combined. And nothing can be more certain than that the preservation of Christian liberty for any is conditioned on the concession of that liberty for all.ŠN. Y. Examiner. 4  0 I.  Not "A Daniel Come to Judgment." THE State of Louisiana has, in common with many other States, been doctoring its Sunday laws, and now has a law requiring that, with certain exceptions, all places of business shall be closed from 12 o'clock on Saturday night 'until 12 o'clock on Sunday night. A case recently came before the Su-preme Court of Louisiana, in which the law was claimed to be unconstitutional. The court held the law to be valid, and the folloW-ing is a portion of the opinion delivered by the Judge:Š " We take occasion promptly to say that if the object of the law were to compel the ob-servance of Sunday as a religious institution, we would not hesitate to declare it to be vio-lative of the above constitutional prohibition. It would violate equally the religious liberty of the Christian, the Jew, and the infidel, none of whom can be compelled by law to comply with any merely religious observance whether it accords with his faith and con-science or not. With rare exceptions, the American authorities concur in this view. . . . The statute is to be judged of pre-cisely as if it had selected for the day of rest any day of the week, other than Sunday; and its validity is not to be questioned, because in the exercise of a wise discretion, it has chosen that day which a majority of the in-habitants of this State, under the sanctions of their religious faith, already voluntarily ob-serve as a day of rest." The New York Independent quotes this, and adds the following words of approval: Š " This is an exceeding lucid statement of the theory which underlies all legislation that requires the suspension of ordinary labor on Sunday. The object is not to enforce relig-ious observances of any kind, but simply to establish a uniform day of rest for the gen-eral good of the whole people; and this is no interference with the religious rights of any-body." It may seem very presumptuous for a non- professional man to criticise the opinion of so great a person as a Judge of a Supreme Court, but nevertheless we have no hesitation in saying that the opinion quoted is nothing but sophistry, and such sophistry as could be dealt out only by an adept in the art. This we think can easily be made apparent; and it is the more necessary that this should be done, because the Sunday-law mania has now become quite prevalent, and just such sophistical arguments as those quoted above will be relied on in securing the enactment of those laws. These arguments will be used for the reason that they are the best that can be offered in favor of an unjust law, and also simply because they have been used before. Even the Louisiana judge himself did not pretend to originate them, but contented him-self with giving the view in which nearly all "American authorities concur." If Ameri-can legal business were not becoming more a matter of precedent than of common sense, Sunday laws could never be enacted; but the idea seems to be that whatever has been done ought to be done; and precedents for oppress-ing people under the guise of charity are not wanting. The claim is made that the Sunday law does not compel the observance of Sunday as a religious institution, and that therefore it cannot be contrary to a Constitution which forbids religious tests for office or citizenship. But the fact is, Sunday is primarily a religious institution, and its observance cannot be en-forced except as such. It cannot be separated from its religious (not sacred) character for the purpose of special legislation concerning it. It matters not what such legislation is called, whether a police regulation, or a law in the interests of the workingman, it is legislation concerning an institution of the church. To make it evident that Sunday laws are laws in behalf of religion, three things only need to be borne in mind: 1. Sunday rest originated in the church. Catholics univers-ally claim the church. as the sole authority for Sunday observance, and many Protestants agree with them in this. The Christian at Work says: " We rest the designation of Sun-day solely on the church having set it apart of its own authority." But if the claims of those who say that Christ and the apostles set the day apart as a day of rest, were true, that would make it emphatically a church institution. 2. The observance of Sunday is generally considered by church people as the essence of religion. In the Sunday-law con-test in California five years ago, the Christian Advocate spoke of Sunday as "the foundation of our holy religion." Regarding Sunday rest as the memorial of the resurrection of Christ, they think that without it there would be no evidence of the truth of the gospel. 3. The churches and the churches alone are at the bottom of all Sunday legislation. No one ever heard of such a thing as a Sunday law being proposed by anybody except a zealous churchman or a deputation of ministers. It is true that, by pretending that Sunday laws are in the interest of labor, they are inducing labor and socialistic organizations to clamor for such laws, but these organizations come in only as allies to the church. Everyone who knows anything of the history of Sunday legislation, knows that it is always instigated by the churches. Now in the face of these things, to say that Sunday laws do not compel men to ob-serve Sunday as a religious institution, is not only sophistry, but it is positive untruth. Since the day as a day of rest is nothing else but a religious institution, hoW can it be en-forced as anything else but a religious insti-tution? It cannot be enforced as something which it is not. True, it is said that when the State enforces the observance of Sunday, 