Equal and exact justice to all alert, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas jeferson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, JULY 31, 1890. NUMBER 30. The Ilmerican Senitinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, By THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 Reny ST., Nnw YORK. Entered at therNew York Post Offictitas Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C, BOLLMAN, W. II. MC  KEE. THE Order of United American Me-chanics is petitioning Congress largely, for " an amendment to the Constitution, which shall prevent the States from enacting laws for the establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." This is an evidence that the practical peo-ple of the United States are waking up to the dangers and exigencies of the times. 0 THERE are at present, four bills before Congress, having in view the closing of saloons on Sunday in the District of Co-lumbia. One has passed the Senate and gone to the House, two have been intro-duced in the House, and still another has just been introduced in the Senate. The entire Sunday movement seems, at this time, to be concentrated upon the closing of the saloon on Sunday, totally regard-less of the mantle of legal charity which it thus throws over the liquor traffic for the remaining six days of the week. THE Loyal American says that,' THE AMERICAN SENTINEL questions the right of the State to prescribe what language shall be taught in the. State schools," and asks us to explain why. The Loyal American ought to read THE SENTINEL more carefully. THE SENTINEL never did, and never will, question the right of the State to prescribe what language shall be taught in the State school. All that THE SENTINEL has done in this line is to ques-tion the right of the State to prescribe what language or any thing else shall be taught in church schools. For any church  to undertake to prescribe what should be taught in State schools, everybody knows would be a union of Church and State; and for any State to undertake to pre-scribe what shall be taught in any church school is a union of State and Church. And the difference between the evils of a union of State and Church and a union of Church and State is too slight to be defined. Therefore, THE AMERICAN SEN-TINEL protests just as much against a union of State and Church as anybody else does against a union of Church and State, and we wish the Loyal American would do so too. What Is Treason? WHEN it is said that the State has no right to interfere with the private school, or to dictate what shall or shall not be taught there, certain persons who make a boast of their Americanism and wear it for a badge, exclaim, and by the exclamation betray their ignorance of American prin-ciples, " Suppose the private school should teach treason ! " It would be well, and it is strictly in order, for such persons to learn that there is no such thing in this country as teaching treason. Treason can-not be taught here. American principles know no such thing as the teaching of treason. The United States Constitution says : Š Treason against the United States shall consist only in levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort. No person shall be convicted of treason unless on the testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act, or on confession in open court. This same provision is in the Constitu-tion of all the States. The words " adher-ing to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort" plainly mean adhering to those who are levying war, or who are engaged in it. As treason therefore consists " only in levying war," or adhering to those who are doing so, it is plain that treason cannot be taught; it can only be acted, and that in the waging of actual war. This is confirmed by other points, one  of which is the declaration that Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech or of the press. So far as the Government is concerned, freedom of speech and the press is absolute. The theory of this Government is that think-ing, discussion, and teaching, shall be absolutely free, that there shall be no restriction upon ideas, even though an idea should gain the assent of a majority of the people to the extent of changing the form of government itself. This is the doctrine of the Declaration of Inde- pendence, which says :Š We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal ; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed; that whenever any form of government becomes de-structive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it, and to institute a new govern-ment, laying its foundation on such principles, and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to secure their safety and hap-piness. From this it is plain that if the idea of a monarchical instead of a republican form of government were conceived by a single man to be the better form of gov-ernment, he has the right freely to publish and to speak, and to teach that idea; and if by such means he can cause that idea to grow until it absorbs the majority of the people, they might actually change the form of government without committing treason. Governments deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, it is one of the rights of the people to establish such form of government as suits them best; and if a sufficiently large ma-jority of people could be gained to change the form of government by ballot or by any other peaceable means, there would be in it no treason. Upon American prin-ciples, ideas are free, and it is expected that whatever idea prevails, that is the idea that the people want to see prevail. In all this there is no shadow of a sug-gestion or an admission that the teaching 