NEW YORK, APR,* 24, 1890. Og. 136 THE A.XLEIRICA_N SENTINEL: NoT4.--,1. Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it ;may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainlymarked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangenient, therefore, those who have not ordered the Siorrinni, need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. IT is a standing reproach to the sober sense of the American people that there Lave been 'found amongst them 330,000 persons who would buy Edward Bellamy's Aonsensical book "Looking Backward." Says the Union Signal: " Time was when a large proportion of the Christian world would have looked upon any marked observance of Lent as a relic of Popery, and while we gazed with interest upon Easter ceremonies, we nevertheless re-garded them as spectacular and unneces-sary." Yes, that is so. It would be a good thing if that time would come again and continue indefinitely. MISS WILLARD announces that "there is to be a party that will combine the farmer and the wage earner, that will make its force felt in the next campaign, and the Prohibition Party will form the nucleus. When that time comes, we will side with it and will take the -conse-quences." If she means indeed " the conse-quences," then if that party wins, we pity her. It would be worse consequences than we should ever wish to see befall a human being. OF the Nationalistic theories set forth by Edward Bellamy the Voice says : " The millennium lies somewhere in the di-rection this movement is heading." As to, whereaboutS in this direction the mil-lennium probably lies, the Voice allows that " it may be ten thousand years dis-tant." That is a very safe estimate. It is certainly not any nearer than that, and how much further off it is does not ma-terially concern either the present or the rising generation. THE Presbyterian Synod of New York has, for several years, been working in behalf of religion in the public schools. A committee is appointed each year to have charge of the matter. This year again this committee on religion and pub-lic education has been appointed to confer with other denominations and seek their co-operation in the effort to introduce in the public schools some positive religious teaching as an essential part of the curric-ulum. Amongst the members appointed to confer with the several conferences of the Methodist Episcopal Church, we find the  name of Dr. Howard -1 That is _ Very appropriate_ appointment. We hope all the others are of the same kind, because Dr. Crosby is openly and decidedly op-posed to any -religious instrUCtien what-ever in the public schools, We are not ac-quainted with the position of any of the other persons named, but we hope they are all of the same mould of thought and opinion on this subject as is Dr. Crosby. IF the Sunday newspaper is such an outrageously wicked, such an all-pollut-ing thing, and if it is such a heinous sin to read it, it is a query with us how in the world -all the Sunday-law preacherS know so much about it ? Although they warn everybody against it under penalty- of the imputation of a great sin, yet they them- selves seem to know all about it; they can tell exactly how many columnS of gossip,'  how much scandal, etc., different editions of the Sunday paper contain. How can these things be? A STATEMENT that is quite often made, and which seems to be considered of much weight, by the workers for religious legis-lation is that " your rights end where mine begin." This statement has not a particle of truth in it. It is simply an-other form of expressing their arrogant assumption of all rights. For if your rights end where mine begin, then it is for me to decide where mine do begin, and wherever that may be, there your rights must end. Don't you see? In other words, all the rights that you have are just such as I choose to allow. The truth of the matter is that rights are perfedtly equal. Your rights begin where mine begin ; and end only where mine end. THAT Wisconsin decision has caused wide-spread discussion, but none too wide. It is interesting to see the course' that the discussion takes. The great majority of the secular papers indorse it. In fact, we have found but one that does not in-dorse it, and that is the Inter-Ocean. On the other hand, the religious papers and preachers, especially the Methodist, strongly disapprove. The New York In-dependent unqualifiedly indorses it. The Christian Advocate is the representative journal of all Methodism in the United-States. It decidedly disapproves of the decision. It says : Š It seems very odd that the Bible should be gravely pronounced a sectarian book by the chief tribunal of one of the States of this eminently Christian country and so does the argument by which the court sus-tains that pronouncement. This position of the Protestant preachers and religious -papers only goes, further to show what the wide-spread demand for re-ligious legislation had already made mani-fest, that in what passes for Protestantism, there is no disposition to recogiiiize any such principle-as equality of -rights before the law. And just as surely as that Prot- ntisp. should ever secure control of the civil poW0', it:  would be as cruel and un-relenting as ever a religious despotism was. That_ which professes to-day to be repre-sentative Protestantism has forgotten both what Protestantism is and what Christian-ity is. THE Union Signal of April 3, announces Senator_ Blair's re-introduction of his Edu- cational bill, and says :Š Now let every white ribboner bestir herself writ-ing letters on behalf of our local unions to the Sena-tors of the respective States, urging the adoption of this bill, and let us set at work, and in this diffi-cult emergency, having done all, stand. Mrs. Mary H. Hunt is in Washington:to foward the new move-ment, and will wisely direct our forces as heretofore. Mrs. Bittenbender will also work unceasingly for the measure;- 5,$ oj.at or Blair's theory of govern-ment and the purposes of his legislation are directly in the life of things of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. As we have shown in the SENTINEL, the theory of government contemplated in that legislation is directly the reverse of that of the United States Government, and it is directly opposed to Christian princi- ples, and, in short, aims at the subver-sion. of Christianity itself. THERE is opposition also in Canada against the Dominion Sunday Law that is proposed for enactment. A correspond-ent of the Moncton Times says :Š A reaction has set in against Charlton's Sabbath observance bill and petitions against its passage headed, " A Plea for Religious Liberty," and pray-ing the Commons not to pass any bill in regard to the observance of Sabbath or any other religious or ecclesiastical institution, or to favor the adoption of any legislation to conflict with the rights of con-science, were presented to-day from Westmoreland, Scots' Bay, Tiverton, Digby, French Village, Hali-fax, Dartmouth, Indian Harbor, Moncton and Truro. That is right. Let the good work go on. Call the attention of legislators to the essential evil that belongs with such legis-lation. Our friends in Canada have not the constitutional basis for their opposition that we have in this country, but they have all the basis of inalienable civil and religious rights that we have in this coun-try, or that people have anywhere else, and that is the strongest basis that any argument can have. This proposed legis-lation gives to the friends of liberty of conscience an excellent opportunity to make known to the people of Canada what are the sound principles of Christianity upon the seParation between religion and-the State. We hope they will employ the opportunity for all that it is worth. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The ,defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the ;Wilted States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests; and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year,-post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of ten or'iriore conies, per year, each, .. . 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. . 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York. 