AMERICAN SENTINEL. 2/1 thy sword!' How then can any man really respect the word of Christ and yet take the sword and go to war? How can any man really respect this word of Christ, and yet promise that his brethren shall take the sword and make war? Again: When two of the disciples of Jesus thought that some people ought to be wiped off the earth, he said to them, "Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of; for the Son of man came not to destroy men's lives but to save them." War means the destruction of men's lives. War cannot be made without destroying men's lives. War is intended to destroy men's lives. But this is not Christianity. Christianity is not to destroy men's lives; but to save them. How then can any man have respect to Christianity or loyalty to its principles, and yet make war? We are not here discussing any question as to whether there ought to be war between the United States and Spain. That is a question to be decided altogether by those who bear the sword and in whose province all such things lie. We are simply calling attention to the words of Christ and the principles of Christianity, and the con-trast between these and the words and actions of pro-fessed Christians who talk war and promise to engage in it. Christianity is one thing; war is another and far dif-ferent thing. Christians are one sort of people: warriors are another and far different sort of people. A. T. J. Turn It About. IN the Union Signal appears a call for the week fol-lowing Easter, to be observed as a week of prayer "in behalf of the observance of the Lord's day." Topics for consideration are given, the first one being as follows:Š "That good citizens may be led to give the ordinance of the Sabbath a new hearing, that its vital place in Christian civilization may be generally recognized, that Sunday protective laws may be provided for our national capitol, in the passage by Congress of the Sunday Rest Bill, that those states and territories which have no Sun-day laws may secure them, and that existing laws may be better enforced." Then next to the last topic suggested is this:Š "That the Christian Church may fully awake to the importance of the issue and Christian people set an ex-ample of consistent Sabbath-keeping in their homes and in public life." Now Sabbath-keeping is a religious actŠa matter of conscience between each man and God. There is nothing compulsory in it. Yet from the above it will be seen that the first thought is for an enforced (which means an un-willing) observance of the day, and after this comes an appeal to the church to do its duty. Query: If as much effort were put forth to secure the results hoped for in the latter topic as have been expended to accomplish the ends desired in the firstŠwould these laws asked for be necessary? W. E. C. Items of W. C. T. U. History. BY MRS. S. M. I. HENRY. FOLLOWING this awakening in my own personal expe-rience came a definite call to the work. I must ask to beŁ pardoned for personal experiences, because, as I haveŁ before intimated, I can better serve the purpose of these-articles by telling just what I know myself to be true..  The experience of one harmonized so nearly with many another that this which I know best will serve as am illustration of the point of almost uniwrsal application, which I wish to make. I was engaged in literary work which kept me very closely confined to my study, but the interest which had, been aroused by the crusade led me to read the accounts. of its onward march each morning as they were published in the daily press. As weeks passed there gradually came. to my mind a conviction that its progress meant some-thing to me, to my own family of little children, and to. the city in which I lived. But situated as I was, and with a constitutional shrinking from anything public, I made strenuous efforts to lay my burden off onto some-one else. There were several ladies in my own church so. situated in family, social, and financial conditions as to, seem to me the natural leaders in such a movement. I tried by personal appeals to arouse in them this sameŁ interest with which I had been filled, but I invariably received the reply, "I am ready to help; I will do what-ever the rest think best, but I am not ready to lead." I sent for my pastor and talked the matter over with him,, and his reply was almostthesame. "This is not a matter-with which ministers have anything to do," he said "ex-cept to follow in the lead of those whom God has called to this work. This is a call to woman; I am ready to help, but I would not dare to think of leading." At last, one day, one of these sisters of the sameŁ church to which I belonged came to see me. She was much older than I, and a woman of very strong Christian character and rich experience in the things of the Spirit of God. She said, "I have come to tell you something-which has been impressed upon me. God never lays a burden upon one individual for somebody else. He never shows one person something which somebody else ought to do. He has not lain upon me any burden to lead in, this work. I have no burden to get anybody to do any-. thing. I am ready to help when there is an opportunity, but you have evidently been called to a special mission. I Would advise you to stop trying to get somebody else. to answer for you. Listen for yourself and ask God what this means." I said, "Don't talk that way, I will tell you just how it is. with me. I am very much in the same position as the-little Hollander, who once found a tiny stream of water flowing through the dyke. He knew what it meant, as. any intelligent Holland boy would have known. It meant. 