80 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 4712e An2eFiesai2 OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, OCTOBER, 1888. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some riend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. AN ardent State-religionist sends us the in-formation all the way from Connecticut, that "Christ himself is to be the President of the United States. . . . before long." THE National Reform Association is circu-lating for signatures petitions to Congress ask-ing that Senator Blair's -proposed religious amendment to the Constitution may be passed by Congress and submitted to the States for their approval. One of these peti-tions was presented to the Prohibition County Convention of Wood County, Ohio, August 8. It was unanimously indorsed, and a copy 'of a resolution to that effect was sent to Senator Blair, together with the respects of the con-vention. JOHN ALEXANDER, of Philadelphia, is the father of the National Reform Association, as such, and in the Christian Statesman of Sep- tember 6 he congratulates the association on the introduction of the Blair religious amend- Ment to the Constitution; declares "the Na-tional Reform Association ought to spare no pains and omit no effort which may promise to secure its adoption;" and further says:Š "-Let us begin without delay the circulation of petitions (to be furnished in proper form by the Association), and let an opportunity be given to all parts of the country to make up a roll of petitions so great that it will re-quire a procession of wheelbarrows to trundle the mighty mass into the presence of the representatives of the nation in the houses of Congress." And "let a mass convention of the friends of the cause be held in Washing-ton, when the Blair resolution shall be under discussion, to accompany with its influence the presentation of the petitions, and to take such other action as may be deemed best to arouse the nation to a genuine enthusiasm in behalf of our national Christianity." Isn't it about time that somebody was arousing to a genuine sense of the danger to civil and. religious liberty, that inheres in this scheme? THE newspapers report the proposed re-moval of a prominent chimney glass manu-factory from Pittsburgh to Belgium. One of the reasons given for removal is the contin-ual recurrence of strikes among the men em-ployed here. A member of the manufactur-ing firm is reported as saying: "Just at the present time our works are lying idle and the men are sitting around and taking it easy. We want to be at work, and so do at least three-quarters of the men, but on ac-count of the union not a single'man dare go to work, nor do we dare to start up. It is just this condition of affairs that has almost decided us to pull up stakes and leave.'lAre  shall not be surprised to hear of more of these removals in the near future. It must come to this or something worse if the busi-ness of " striking " is not brought to an end. It is a humiliating state of affairs outlined in the statement that three-fourths of the men in the glass manufactory desire to go to work, '" but on account of the union not a single man dare go to work, nor do we dare to start up." Is there any, tyranny in the land like this "union " tyranny ? How can any industry succeed that is subject to it ?ŠNew York Observer. Valuable Books; PROTESTANT theocratical ideas, or ideas fa-voring the union of Religion and the State, are gaining ground in this nation with dangerous rapidity. The bold encroachments of the Catholic Church, and the hardly less bold en-croachments of the Protestant churches, upon the civil power in this country, are both move-ments which deserve the most careful watch-ing. Books which throw light upon these questions make most important reading just now. It is therefore with pleasure that we call special attention to three books which should be diligently studied by all. The first is, " THE PAPACY AND THE CIVIL POWER." This is a book written by Hon. R. W. Thomp-son, Secretary of the Navy under President Hayes' administration. It consists of twenty-three chapters, on the claims, the teachings, and the history of the Papacy, in its relation to the civil power, with an appendix con-taining "The Bishop's Oath," "The Third Article of the Pastoral Letter of the Second National ,Council of Baltimore," " The En-cyclical Letter of Pope Pius IX.," and " The Syllabus of Pope Pius IX." We have not space now for extracts; we can only say here that it is a perfect mine of invaluable infor-mation in regard to the meddling of the Pa-pacy with the civil power, from the time of Constantine to this day, both in Europe and our own country. It has 750 well-printed pages, and is sold for $3.00, post-paid. Not a family in the land should be without it. Send for a copy, and read it, and you will say so too. The next " THE EMANCIPATION OF MASSACHUSETTS." This is a sketch of the establishment and working of the Puritan theocracy in Massachu-setts, and her emancipation from it. It gives someŠenough certainlyŠof the naked facts in regard to the cruel oppressions practiced by those who, to use Doctor Schaff's expres-sion, "came from Europe to seek freedom for themselves, and then inconsistently denied it to others, from fear of losing the monopoly." Here, from original documents, is set down the record of some of the hideous enorNities inflicted upon the Baptists, the Quakers, the witches, and other dissenters from the estab-lished religion, by the ruling preachers, to whom, says Bancroft, " in their self-righteous-ness, it never occurred that vanity and love of power had blinded their judgment." From  two or three statements it would seem that the author of the book is a skeptic, but that does not lessen the value of the facts which he sets forth. And just now, when the National Reform Association, aided by the Prohibition party and the Woman's-Christian Temperance Union', is about to restore such a rule and make it national, and, while a constitutional amendment to that effect is pending in the national Legislature, the important lesson to be derived from these facts should be fastened upon the mind of every person in the nation Šthe lesson that no ecclesiastics can ever safely be intrusted with the control of the civil power. The book has 382 pages, and will , be sent post-paid for $1.50. The third of these books is, "CHURCH AND STATE IN THE UNITED STATES." This book is an enlargement of the inaug-ural address delivered by Philip Schaff at his indO.ction into the professorship of church history in Union Theological Seminary, New York City. It states sound principles in re-gard to religious liberty, and the rights of conscience. It gives much valuable informa-tion upon the subject of the national and the State constitutions, and upon religious liberty in the countries of modern Europe. In dis-cussing "The Nation and Christianity," and "The Connecting -Links betwee'n Church and State," the author is inconsistent with the genuine priniples which he lays down in the beginning of the book. Here he inculcates the idea that there is already in this nation a union of Church and State., while the object of the book at the beginning is to maintain the propriety of a separation between the Church and the State. The doctor, like thousands of others, is led into this inconsistency by the demand for Sunday laws. Anybody who studies the first parts of the book will have no difficulty in detecting the inconsistency of this part, nor will he find any difficulty in relegat-ing it to that "limbo large and broad " to which it belongs. Yet even this part, incon-sistent as it is, is not wholly without value, for it, with the judicial decisions accompany-ing it, serves most admirably to display the miserabie sophistry under which even State Supreme Courts are willing to cloak Church and State ideas, and give Papal principles the sanction of the final judicial decisions in the highest courts of States, particularly New York and Pennsylvania. The book has 161 large pages, and will be sent post-paid for $1.50. All these books are for sale by Pacific Press, Oakland, California. Address accordingly. THE AlVIEFIICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE MONTHLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States ConstitutiOn as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Sii2gle Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - 50c. In clubs of five or more copies, per year, each, - - 30c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 2s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., OAKLAND, CAL. 