218 IIIKIWILA Vol.. 11, No. 28. friendly toward all classes of the people, dis-criminating against none on religious grounds, whether believers in religion or not. Only such patriotism would be consistent with the Declaration of Independence, to which they had themselves given birth; for that Declaration was based upon the equality of all men in point of their natural rights, among which were cited " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." And that is the genuine brand of American patriotism to-day. But, sad to say, there is abundant occasion for regret that this patriotism is not more general. It is a sad fact that most men are more readily attracted ,by the transient and often erratic brilliance of personality, than by the steady light of principle; and so it has been in this land from Jefferson's time down to our own. The multitudes have been more intent upon following their great political leaders, than in being guided by the political principles upon which the nation was estab-lished. And to-day those principles have been so far lost sight of by the people, that the grand documents in which they are em-bodiedŠthe Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United StatesŠare violated and set aside by legislation and judi-cial decisions, with scarcely a protest from those whose rights such actions so vitally con-cern. _ We seem, indeed, to be upon the eve of the time to which Jefferson alluded, when our rights are either to revive or expire in a con- vulsion. s. DIVINE AND HUMAN GOVERNMENT. lIlnE theory of legislation upon religions duties and questions is radically opposed to the teaching of the Scriptures of divine truth, which plainly declare that " every one of us shall give account of himself to God." This text plainly asserts our accountability to God. From other scriptures we learn the scope of this accountability; that it has refer-ence, first, to our duty toward God; second, to our duty toward our fellowman. The first and great commandment of the law is, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all, thy mind;" " and the second is like unto 'it, Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." And our Lord adds, " On these two com-mandments hang all the law and the proph-ets." All Sin is Against God. But while we have duty toward our fellow-man, failure to perform that duty is not, as we sometimes loosely say, sin against man, but is sin against God. It is God's law that defines our duty toward our fellows, and the violation of that law is sin. " Whosoever committeth sin," says the apostle, " trans-gresseth also the law; for sin is the trans-gression of the law;" the divine law, of course; and so, in the fifty-first Psalm, we find David confessing to God the wrong done to Uriah, in these words: "Against thee, thee only, have I sinned." The wrong was done to a man; the sin was against God; and to God the transgressor was accountable. " So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God," both for our sins against God and our wrongs to our fellowmen. All sin is, without qualification, against God. And he it is who "shall bring every work into judgment with every secret thing whether it be good or evil." God the Only Moral Governor. God is the great and only moral governor. To him, and to him alone, every soul is mor-ally responsible. In the very nature of things this could not be otherwise; because to per-mit any power whatever to come between the soul and God would be to destroy individual responsibility to God. Man the Conservator of His Own Rights. But man is a social as well as a moral being; and as such he is endowed with " certain un-alienable rights;" to him God has committed the preservation of these rights by means of civil government. This truth is thus ex-pressed in the American Declaration of Inde-pendence :Š We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal: that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their, just powers from the con-sent of the governed. To disregard these rights or to trample upon them is to wrong our fellowmen and so to sin against God. The sin, if not repented of and forgiven, God will punish in his own time; the wrong may be dealt with by our fellows in their organized capacity as a State. And it is this fact that restrains from deeds of violence and injustice, many who have not the fear of God before them. This safeguard to liberty and natural rights, the God who sends his rain upon the just and upon the unjust, has given to man. Its benefits accrue alike to the righteous and to the wicked. The powers of civil government are exercised alike by and for Jew and Gentile, pagan and 'Christian. Hence civil government is not in any sense Christian, but is humanitarian, that is, it is given, like marriage, for the good of the race. It must be at once apparent that there is nothing necessarily evil either in civil govern-ment or in its administration and use. God feeds and clothes us by ordaining means whereby we may secure food and clothing. Our nat-ural wants are seldom supplied by miraculous interposition. " It is only in cases of great emergency that the Lord interposes for us.,, We glorify God in the proper use of the means which he has given us.- Marriage, one of the Creator's best gifts to man, is often perverted and abused; but this fact does not vitiate the marriage institution. In like man-ner civil government, ordained of God to be a blessing, and specially to the people of God, that they " may lead quiet and peaceable lives in all godliness and honesty," is often abused and made the engine of oppression. But it still remains true that "the powers that be are ordained of God." The power to do justice and judgment, to protect the weak and punish the evil-doer, is as truly divine in its origin and as God-honoring in its proper exercise as is the power to cultivate the soil or to reap the fruits of the earth. Why Man is Made the Guardian of His Own Rights. Man has been made the guardian of his own civil rights, not by an arbitrary arrangement on the part of the Creator, but for wise and .beneficent reasons which we can readily dis-cern and comprehend. God committed to men, not the administration of his law, nor any part of it, but the maintenance of those rights which reason teaches that all intelligent moral beings should enjoy in common; those self-evident rights enumerated in the Declara- tion of Independence. Had God made civil government Christian, and commissioned men to administer his law, and to require of their fellows the discharge of duties due to the Di-vine Being, or even to administer the divine law as regards the duties which as social beings we owe to one another, it would necessarily have destroyed moral responsibility to God. On the other hand, had God not committed to men the power to regulate to some extent their social relation in order that their natu-ral rights might be preserved, but had him-self administered civil justice, one of two things would have followed; either vengeance would have been so swift and certain as to defeat the very design of God in making man a. free moral agent, or else punishment would have been so long delayed as to afford no pro-tection to those in need of it. It was abso-lutely necessary that man should be the guar-dian of his own rights in this world, and for the temporary concerns of this world, but that this should in no way affect his individ-ual moral responsibility to the Creator. Nor should men make it a pretext for assuming to exercise authority which belongs alone to God. That the principle here stated is the correct and spiritual one, is clear from the words of Christ when the Pharisees sought to entangle him in his talk. They asked him the ques-tion: " Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not ?" But he, understanding their pur-pose, said : " Show me the tribute money. And they brought unto him a penny. And he said unto them, Whose is this image and superscription ? And they said unto him, Cmsar's. Then said he unto them, Bender therefore unto Cmsar the things that are Ca sac's; and unto God the things that are God's." In this, Christ plainly separated between civil and moral duties. The paying of tribute was simply a civil matter. They were living under Cmsar's government and it was right that they should contribute to the support of the government; and yet this was not an absolute moral duty, but rather one growing out of the surroundings, and in some cases even something to be done merely to avoid offense. It was for this reason that Christ himself paid tribute, as we learn from Matt. 17 : 24-27. Civil Government Not Anti-Christian. As before remarked, civil government is not Christian neither is it anti-Christian; it simply has no religious character; and like other men, the Christian must live under it and is privileged to enjoy its protection, and may even take part in it. Aside from the Godly men who exercised authority under the Theocracy, there are not-able instances of other good men who took part in the affairs of government.. Abraham was a nomadic chief, and when necessity arose, marshalled his forces and conducted a vigor-ous and successful campaign against the free-booters who had robbed Lot and had carried him away captive.' And in this Abraham was actuated by no unworthy motive. Of this victory it has been well said by another, " To Abraham, under God, was the triumph due. The worshipper of Jehovah had not only rendered a great service to the country, but had proved himself a man of valor. It was seen that righteousness is not cowardice, and that Abraham's religion made him coura-geous in maintaining the right and defending the oppressed."'  The history of this event in Abraham's life also brings to view the fact that Melchizedec, 3  Gen. 14. " Testimony for the Church," Vol. I, p. 212. a Patriarchs and Prophets, chap. 12, par. 12. 