344 AMERICAN SENTINEL. METHODIST journals and some others have of late been discussing the question of the cause of Methodist "statistical sterility," shown by the last denominational census, which reports an addition of only about 19,000 members to the denomination during 1897. The Rocky Mountain Christian Advocate gives this explanation, which is worthy of note:Š "Full many a time the devotional meeting of the chapter closes with tear'wet cheeks, and the uplifted hand or voice of penitence and desire for a saving knowledge of Christ; and the leaguers coming from the inner sanc-tuary of the mercy seat pour into the evening services only to hear a discussion of social science, or local poli-tics, or an adjudication of science, or a manifestation of temper on this or that. The stricken lad hearing this kind of thing, crying in his soul, 'Sirs, I would see Jesus,' and hearing not, 'Behold the Lamb of God which taketh away the sin of the world,' but goes out into the- darkness, after the service is over. 'And it was night.' " 4 * * While this may not fully explain the statistical loss in a church of the size and popularity of the Methodist body, it does present a sufficient reason for the failure so far as concerns those whose desire is to see Jesus,, rather than to engage in the various church schemes for cleans-ing politics and reforming society. * * * The Christian Citizen says that this is a "strange explanation;" and so it is from the "Christian citizen-ship" standpoint. That is a political standpoint, and not one from which an individual can "see Jesus;" for the Saviour of men was never in politics, and from this it is perfectly plain that there is nothing in politics that can save mankind. THE chaplain of a Missouri regiment which is to par-ticipate in the war is Father Thomas Sherman, a Jesuit priest. In a recent address to the regiment he gave the Catholics enrolled in it permission to eat meat on Fridays and on fast days, saying that in so doing they would not be false to their religion. He assured them that,  God would forgive them for eating meat on such days, con-sidering that they were supporting the hardships of a war waged for the freedom of their fellow-beings. His remarks, it is said, were hailed with delight by the soldiers. * * * THE motive for this absolution is not hard to dis- cover. It is evident that without it the Catholic Church would be very likely to be brought into conflict with the Government by the circumstances attending a campaign..  The rations of the troops are supplied by the Govern-ment; and in an enemy's country provisions are apt to be scarce. So that it might easily happen that at times meat in some form would be the mainstay of the soldier in keeping up his bodily strength, without which he would be of little service to the Government. The Government would insist, of course, that the soldiers keep themselves, when possible, in condition to do battle with the enemy; and it would be necessary for the Government or the Catholic Church to give way in the matter of eating meat. It would seem that in this case the Catholic Church has-deemed it wise to give way before raising an issue in such a controversy. * THE incident calls attention to the primary princi-ples of the papal religion. By the word of a manŠa fellow-mortal like themselvesŠthese Roman Catholics felt themselves absolved from what.they believed to be the command of God, but which was in fact nothing more than the decree of man, since the Word of God says nothing at all about eating meat on Fridays or observ-ing certain days as fast days. They receive the decree of men as the command of God, and then accept the word of man as having authority to release them from their obligations to God. It is thus that the papal religion puts man in the place of God. * IT is generally known that in Spain there is a union of religion with the state. The particulars of this union however, are not so well understood, and we present a, few of them as given by a journal of this city:Š "The constitution of Spain says : 'This nation binds itself to maintain the worship and ministers of the Roman Catholic religion.' Of the 17,565,600 inhabitants, in 1887, 17,535,300 were Catholics. Public notice of any' other worship than that of the Roman Church is prohib-ited by law. 'Spain has 65 cathedrals, 30 religious col-leges, 18,564 churches, 161 monasteries, 1684 monks, 1,027 convents, 14,592 nuns, 11,202 sanctuaries and other religious houses not churches, and 32,435 priests.' The people know nothing but their catechism. A recruit, must pass a religious examination before he can enter the army or navy, and the same is true of a candidate for any public office. The priests are active politicians, and ecclesiastics sit in the national parliament by virtue of their sacerdotal office. The prison doors are ready to fly open to any Spaniard who 'insults' the Catholic Church, and now, as in the days of Philip II., there is no place in Spain for a heretic." All this reveals the internal rottenness that has made the once vast and mighty empire of Spain weak before the power of nations which, while vastly inferior in size, have embodied the virile principles of civil and religious freedom. 