59 THE SE1~TINEL O '` LIBERTY.  Methodist Central Conference of Ohio indorsing the_ Administration's foreign policy. Has the nation reached a place in its political affairs where the political cleavage follows the line of religion? There is a dangerous state of things indeed if that is so. Ł .4 .4 CHICAGO, SEPTEMBER' 20, 1900. Any one receiving The Sentinel of liberty without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered The Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. BOSTON, the most Catholic city in the United States, and Baltimore, the chief seat of Catholic au-thority, are now foremost in enforcing Sunday ob-servance. .4 .4 HAVE you noticed how the United States to-day is saying to " the m that dwell on the earth " thafthey should make an " image to the beast " ? Read " An Evil National Example," p. 580. THE advocates of, church-and-state schemes of government are not saying as much to the public about their work as they used to, but they are doing a. great deal more than ever before. Did you know that? .4 .4 " THE only legitimate prayer in politics," says Rev. J. P. Brushingham, pastor of the Chicago First Methodist _Church, ",is this: Thy will be done,' or May heaven bless the nation and guide those who are' in authority.'" If a person, therefore, votes as he prays his vote must be too indefinite to count. ICE-DEALERS' in Florence, South Carolina, have recently been indicted for selling ice in that city on Sunday. The Charleston 'News and Courier con-demned the proceeding, observing that the case "would excite no surprise or comment if it were re-ported from a town in New England," but was en-tirely foreign to the spirit of South Carolina. AFTER some delay, due to a misunderstanding, we are apprised of the final facts in the case of Mr. G. W. Vaughan, of 'Hickory, North Carolina, who was arrested under the Sunday law of th'at State in June last. As our readers will remember, Mr. Vaughan was convicted and sentenced to pay a fine of $25, besides costs of trial. He took an appeal to the superior court of the State, and this court re-versed the verdict, setting aside both fine and costs imposed by the lower court. Thus a stumbling-block has been laid in the way of religious intoler-ante in that State. "THEY'LL never insult another Christian mission-ary in China," exclaims the California Independent. Perhaps not, but the prevention of ainsults is not quite the point in Christian missionary work. It is more important to ask, Will the chastised and in-timidated Chinese be any more disposed to accept Christianity than they were before they felt the wrath of the Powers? eat .4 THE great coal miners' strike in Pennsylvania, in-augurated to compel the coal Companies to redress the heavy grievances of the miners, really affects only the miners themselves and the millions of peo-ple dependent for fuel upon the product of their labor. The coal companies simply raise the price of their stock of coal and lose nothing. Indeed, it is said they often find it to their advantage to pre-. cipitate a strike for the purpose of obtaining a higher price for surplus stock. .4 .4 THE ready response of the whole country to the cry of stricken Galveston, and the exhibition of the .4 .4 spirit that refuses to be dismayed in the face of THE Cleveland Leader says that "with the Chris- - overwhelming‚ruin, but is determined to repair the tion people on his side the. President should be able to defeat the forces of reptidiation and national dis-honor easily"Šthis in view of a vote passed by the  disaster, are two things pleasant to contemplate in connection with the most appalling catastrophe known in American history. 