" Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, FEBRUARY, 1886. NUMBER 2. Tir An2eFicar2 Sei2tir2el. PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. Entered at the Post-office in Oakland. Effect of National Religion. THE Examiner and Chronicle is the leading Baptist paper of this country. When the Na-tional Reform Association was formed, and the object announced, to procure a religious amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States, this paper said:Š " This agitation for a national religion, offi-cially professed, has, for its logical outcome, persecutionŠthat, and nothing more nor less. It is aŁmovement backward to the era of Con-stantine; as far below the spirituality of the New Testament as it is below the freedom of republican America." The State and the Church. IN 1848 Baptist W. Noel (England), a writer of acknowledged ability, published a work on the subject of Church and State, in which, he reviewed some of the positions taken by Mr. Gladstone on this subject. His work was not a review of Gladstone, as was Macaulay's essay, but his points are equally well made. Unlike Macaulay, he is "a dissenter" and a minister. The following extract is from Mr. Noel's book, page 29:Š "How many members of Parliament profess to trust wholly in Christ for their salvation from hell, and therefore make his word their exclu-sive rule of conduct? If the majority are with-out this faith, they are unchristian and ungodly; and the union between the church and the State, is the union between the churches of Christ and a body of unconverted menŠit is the union of the church with the world. And since all who are not with Christ .are against him, it is the union of his friends with his enemies. The effect of the union does not depend upon what the State ought to be, but upon what it is; and to advocate the union because the State is bound to be evangelical, is the same thing as to say that a thief should be made the trustee of a property because he is bound to be honest; or that the Lord's supper should be administered to a drunken profligate because he is bound to be virtuous and sober. The advocates of the union constantly argue, not from what the State is, but from what it ought to be; and infer most erroneously the effect of the union of the churches with the actual State from what they suppose would be the effect of their union with the Utopian State. The actual State is irrelig-ious, and the churches are bound to dissolve their union with it." Secularized Christianity. IN the first' number of the SENTINEL;  we pointed out some of the unavoidable conse-quences of legalizing Christianity in our Gov- ernment. The points there set forth are so clear and undeniable that we do not fear con- tradiction on any one of them. To place the laws and usages of Christianity on a "legal basis," as the " National Reform Association " demands, is to so relate them to the Govern-ment that they may be enforced by law. But as to what is Christian law, usage, or institu-tion, or as to the intention and manner of ob- servance of these laws and institutions, there is a world-wide difference of opinion in the United States. How shall these differences be reconciled, or by what authority shall these conflicts of faith and practice be adjusted? On this point we affirmed as follows:Š " The court is necessarily constituted the judge and exponent of the law; and therefore if disagreement arises as to the meaning of the law, or as to what constitutes a misdemeanor in the premises, the court is the authority, and the sole authority, to which appeal must be made." That is to say, that the court shall decide what is and what is not a Christian law or in-stitution, and how Christian laws and institu- tions shall or shall not be observed, and what is and what is not a violation of the laws of Christianity. This cannot be denied. And it would be no relief from this sad state of things to refer questions of Christian law to a body of ecclesiastics for decision; for (1) No body of ecclesiastics can reconcile all conflicting views; they would simply express their own views of the questions; (2) The court would have to enforce their decision; and (3) It would still remain true that Christian faith and practice would be removed from the domain of individ-ual conscience, where they properly belong, and placed in the hands of a legal tribunal. It would be a long step backward toward "the Dark Ages," for which we trust the American people are not prepared. It is a matter of surprise that any intelligent person can suppose that the cause of Christian-ity would be benefited by a formal declaration in our Constitution that the Bible is the supreme rule of the conduct of the nation. If such a declaration were incorporated into our Consti- tution to-day, it would not in the least change the attitude of the people toward the principles which the Bible inculcates. It is pertinent to inquire, What is the actual attitude of the peo-ple toward the Bible? And what effect would such a declaration have upon the Christianity of the nation? Dividing the whole nation into two classes, we shall find that they who profess to love and reverence the Bible are greatly in the minority. A small fraction of the people of the United States habitually attend those services where the Bible is taught as the word of God. The great majority are altogether indifferent to the Bible. Many of this class may profess respect for it; but it is such respect as they would pro-fess for a citizen who was somewhat popular with some of their neighbors, but for whom they personally cared nothing. Christian so-ciety may hold them somewhat under restraint; otherwise they live very much as if there were no Bible in existence. - And of those who habitually attend places of public worship, only a part--and we think the smaller partŠhave real love for the Bible, . and earnestly strive to make it the rule of their conduct. Many go to the churches under the impulse of various selfish and worldly motives. The real lovers of the Bible and of Bible truth, who are willing to sacrifice self and the world to conform to its teachings, are literally a "little flock." In this judgment we are not unmindful or ignorant of the real standing of Christianity in the world. We only recognize facts, and pay respect to the words of our Saviour, who de-clared that the way to life is a narrow way wherein few are found, and that the broad way, where the multitude go, is the way to destruc-tion. _ Of those who profess faith in the Bible, and are members of churches, we have no need to make divisions; they have saved us that trouble. They are scattered in some hundreds of denom-inations, with every conceivable faith concern-ing the teachings and intentions of the Script-ures. How far they are right, and how far they are wrong, it is not our province to inquire. That each and all of them have some truth, no one will dispute. That any one of them has all the truth, scarcely any one would claim. Amid all these conflicting theological opinions, on what basis would the Bible be enforced as the supreme law of .the land ? It would be impossible for any court to so construe the Bible as to make it uphold and give warrant to all the conflicting creeds and faiths of the-  churches. Arid it is not to be supposed that the judges of our numerous courts would be able to come to an agreement concerning the intention and meaning of the Scriptures, seeing that the most eminent and learned ministers and Doctors of Divinity and Professors of Theology cannot. It is said that minor issues may be dropped, and only those points of faith and doctrine be enforced upon 