ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromis opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and Staff% either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Pacific Press PublishIng Co. OR131-Ali OF THE International Religious Liberty Association. 206 AMERICAN SENTINEL Inasmuch as this State already has a statute forbid-ding secular business on the first day of the week, this proposed legislation seems superfluous' from any stand-point that can be taken. And if it is contended that no law of the State now covers the business of photography, the bill is from this view open to the charge of being class legislation, which has recently defeated certain Sunday bills in other States. Above and beyond these considerations, of course, is the great fact that  this and all other human sabbath laws interfere with the Creator's ordinance of Sabbath observance, and therefore can have no binding force upon any individual. A HEARING was given March 16 by a joint committee of, the Senate and House of Connecticut, on the Sunday bill recently introduced in the legislature of that State. This bill was drawn up by a committee of Congregational ministers of Connecticut, and greatly widens the applica-tion and increases the penalty of the existing law. At the hearing a number of Congregational preachers ap-peared and championed the measure, and two seventh-day observers and a lawyer spoke against it. The latter said that the history of religious legislation in the State was : " First, ' You must go to my church, or I will im-prison you, or hang you, or banish you.' When that had grown unpopular, it was : You must go to some church, or I will imprison you or fine you.'. And now, it is: If you don't go to some church, you shan't go anywhere else or do anything else.' " It was also shown by the opposition that the pOwer of State legislatures could not do more than convert one half of a man, and only the outside half at that; and thus pharisees and hypocrites could be made to corrupt and curse the church; but no true Christians. The impression of those present at the hearing was that the bill would not be favorably reported.  the minimum of the Church's demands, that a basis will be established for a settlement of the issues between Church and State. I. Ł -4 4 PROBABLY no great event of history ever had more causes assigned for it than the fall of the empire of Rome. The latest of these, and probably the most unique, is given in an article published in the New York Journal of March 28, in defense of Sunday, by the pastor of St. Luke's Episcopal church, Brooklyn. " When Cicero and Cataline and their compeers," he says, "came to distrust the general religious doctrines, Rome began to totter. A country run without God will sooner or later be run to destruction." In other words, the "general religious doctrines," even be they such as prevailed in the empire of Rome, must be profoundly reverenced as the first essential to-ward the successful running of the country. It must not be run "without god," though the god recognized in its affairs may be the embodiment of no more truth, right, and justice than were the gods of Rome. By this doctrine Sunday observance is easily sustained as essential to the preservation of the Government; and it requires some such doctrine as this to afford Sunday the needed sup-port. I- Ł I THE question whether this shall become a full sectar-ian nation or not, must be answered by courageous statesmanship, or in blood and tears. It must be an-swered speedily.ŠMartinsburg. Pa., Weekly Herald. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by. P. 0. Money Order, or Express. Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., no/ to the editor or any other individual. 4. .We will receive Postage Stamp in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. -IF -4 -4  TuE success of Satolli as papal ablegate to the United States, has encouraged the pope to try the same plan for the settlement of the church difficulties in Canada. Mgr. Del Val has been charged with the task, and has been invested with the fullest ecclesiastical powers, even to the extent of deposing bishops who may refuse to accept his decisions. It is learned that the forty-five Catholic members of the Senate and Commons, including M. Laurier and all the Catholic members of the government, signed a petition to the pope, asking him to send a dele-gate to settle the Manitoba school question, thus binding themselves to abide by his decision, A prominent Cath-olic churchman in London, Ont., which city the papal delegate has lately visited, states that Mgr.-Del Val will to the premier what is the exact, irreducible minimum of  mier Greenway is willing to make, and that he will state ascertain just how much concession to the Catholics pre-  Single Copy, Per, Year, t4 Three " - Six months, the demands of the'Clinrch. He hopes that the maximum Of, the government's concessions will so nearly tally with - $1.00. ADDRESS. All RICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York.  