AMERICAN SENTINEL. 377 cause visions of expanded greatness of territory and national prestige have so befogged the atmosphere, that we no longer see human rights from a Republican stand-point, or Christianity from the standpoint of the Golden Rule? "Thou art inexcusable, 0 man, whosoever thou art that judgest: for wherein' thou judgest another, thou condemnest thyself; for thou that judgest doest the same things." Rom. 2:1. W. N. GLENN. "Sympathetic Healing" Prohibited by Law. SAMPLE case of "sympathetic healing" has re-cently been brought before a civil court in the Brooklyn borough of this city. The "sympathetic healer" was a woman named Muller, and the patient a young girl who had developed gangrene in her foot. The following facts in the case are given by the New York Szin:Š "Mrs. Muller first called to see the child on April 17. No one had sent for her, and she explained that she had learned of Dora's illness through a relative of the family. When the mother told Mrs. Muller that the doctors all said that amputation would be necessary, the woman remarked: 'You don't need any doctors.' Then Mrs. Muller removed the bandages, and, after making mo-tions over the foot, applied a dark-colored salve to the affected part. Next she produced a package containing a substance which she said was tea she had brought with her from Germany, and pouring some boiling water on it, applied a poultice of it to the limb. She also in-structed the mother to have the patient drink the tea three times a day. Mrs. Schneider dismissed Dr. Dixon in accordance with instructions from Mrs. Muller, who said:Š " 'You must not let any doctor in. If any doctor comes I cannot cure the girl.' "On April 19, the foot meanwhile having become worse, Mrs. Muller made her second visit and again went through the motions over the foot and applied the black salve. This treatment was continued until May 5, when the authorities of the Eastern District Hospital were no-tified and took charge of the patient. On the following day the foot dropped off, and it was found necessary to amputate the leg just above the knee to save the child's life. Even after the foot had dropped off Mrs. Muller said she could perform an operation herself, but thought it best to call in the hospital authorities. Mrs. Schneider said that she had paid Mrs. Muller $31 at the end of the first week, and $20 more at the close of the second. Mrs. Muller said that under ordinary circumstances her fee would be $5 a visit, but that in this case, so much having been already expended on doctors, she would only charge $1.50." The court found Mrs. Muller guilty of the crime of practicing medicine without a license, and sentenced her to five months in the penitentiary. Every child has a natural right to live, and the pur-pose of civil government being to preserve this and other natural rights, any practice by which the loss of this right is threatened comes naturally within the prohibi- tory scope of the law. While many intricate questions might arise in the attempt to give this principle the broadest application, it is clear that the same right by which the government is justified in taking measures to prevent people from being swindled out of their money, will justify it in preventing an innocent child from being-swindled out of her life. The Growth of "Christian Science." RECENTLY there was held in Boston the annual gath-ering of "Christian Scientists" from this country and Europe. The meeting was held in the church building of the "First Church of Christ," which is the largest and most prominent church of this sect. Some idea of the following that has been gained by "Christian Science" may be gathered from the following statement, which we take from reports of the meeting given by the New York Sun. The total membership of the "Christian Scientist" body is 70,000, and nearly 300,000 are counted among the congregations attending their churches. The "First Church of Christ," Boston, has alone a membership of 15,000, which makes it the largest single church of any denomination in the land. At this meet-ing, on "Communion Sunday," 2,400 members were added to this Boston church:Š "Four communion services were held during the day, and 8,000 persons are said to have attended. Visitors were present from thirty States, and from Canada, the Bahamas, England, Scotland, and Australia. Among them were the Countess of Dumore and fathily, two daughters of Sir James Ramsay, of Banff, Scotland, and Prof. Hermann S. Hering, Second Reader in the Second Church of Christ, Baltimore, and Associate Professor in the Electrical Engineering Department of the Johns Hopkins University. "The services consisted of an organ voluntary, the singing of one of 'Mother' Mary Baker Eddy's hymns, reading from the Scriptures, 'the Lord's Prayer with the Christian Science spiritual interpretation of the same,' another hymn, a solo, and the reading of 'Mother' Eddy's 'Message.' 'Mother' Eddy stayed at her home near Concord, N. H., to avoid the enthusiasm of the worshipers." Evidence was not wanting of the tendency to man-worship which crops out in every false religion. "Many of the non-resident scientists visited the 'Mother Room' in the church, a suite of apartments fitted up for `Mother' Eddy and having alrE ady some of the charac-teristics of a shrine. The walls and floors of these rooms are entirely covered with mosaics in elaborate designs. A large oil painting of the table and chair used by Mrs. Eddy while writing 'Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures' adorns one side of the room. The windows are all pictured, and the appointments are of the richest and most beautiful character. These rooms were taste-fully adorned with cut flowers." 