'THE AME.,RICAN SnNPrINEL. 347 tion. We believe in temperance of the strictest kind, and wish to support every temperance measure and every temperance organization ; therefore we hope that the women of the National W. C. T. U. who believe that it should be de-voted exclusively to temperance workŠand there are very many of themŠwill be able either to convert the national association, or else to form a branch which will work in a legitimate way for real Christian temperance, and which we can support. E. J. W. Ł A Pagan Theory. AT Bay View, Mich., the past summer, the Woman's Christian Temperance Union held a school Of methods, at which Prof. E. E. White, superintendent of public schools of Cincinnati, made a speech on "The Duty of the Hour," in which, according to Miss Willard's report in the Union Signal, he made the following statement :Š " You must either concede the right of the State to teach everything or deny the right of the State to teach anything. We must take conscience as the compass and put reason at the helm of the ship of State or we cannot weather the gale. The family, Church and State, should in a holy alliance gather about the cradle." This is a part of the plea for the establishment and enforcement of religion in public schools. It is not, true that the State has the right to teach everything or nothing. The State has no right to teach religion. In the first place, it can- not do it without establishing a State religion, and a State religion is not genuine religion at al}, but is only a wicked mixture of worldliness with the forms of religion, and amounts to-nothing but religious despotism; and such a despotism is the worst of ,all. Instead of being an educator and air enlightener, such a government crushes out freedom of thought, and ends only in ignorance and superstition ; and ignorance mixed with super-stition is.worse than ignorance alone; and when the superstition is enforced by governmental power the evil is increased a thousand-fold. If it be indeed true that the only alternative is to concede that the State must teach everything or nothing, then we will take the latter, and deny the right of the State to teach anything, because it is vastly better for the State to do nothing than for it to attempt to do what it is impossible for it to do, with the inevitable resultŠthe estab- lishment of a religious despotism enforcing super- stitious forms by governmental power. But, although it is not the right, and is not in the power, of the State to teach religion, the State has a right to teach something. It has the right to teach the rights and the duties of the citizen as a citizen to his fellow-citizens and to the State. This it can do; this it has the right to do; and there its rights and its powers end. It has no right to undertake 'authoritatively to :declare what are men's d.  ties to God, or whether there is any God. That is for the individual to find out for himself, and to render according to the dictates and the light of his own conscience. When it shall ever come to that place where the State presumes to put itself above the parent in his relation to his child, and shall put itself between the parent and his child, and dictate what religion that' child shall be taught, such a State is un-worthy to stand for an hour. The right of the parent to the religious care and instruction of his child is paramount and absolute.,  And to the parent' and the child this right is worth more  than all the States in Christendom. That some parents neglect to exercise this right and fail to give to their children religious instruction, can never justify the State in usurping the place of the parent and destroying the right, either of those who neglect it or those who exercise it. The State can never of right have anything to do with forming any alliance in which the church is concerned, whether about the cradle or any-where else; and any alliance of the State with the family with reference to the cradle must end with its simple pledge of protection to both the family and the cradle. The child belongs to the parent and not to the State. Both the dictum and the theory that the child belongs to the State is pagan and not Christian; and throughout this whole discussion in behalf of religion in the public schools by the would-be leaders of thought, there is a current that is carrying them, and those who follow them, into downright paganism. It is true they profess to be doing it all in the name of Christianity, but the theory of the State which they maintain is the pagan theory; and when they propose to sanctify it with the form of Christianity as the State religion, then the result is a system exactly conformed to that of the Papacy, and is essentially papal. A. T. J. Ł Building on the Sand. AN exchange quotes from the words of Rev. Dr. Strong the following concerning the "civil Sabbath ":Š " Rev. Joshua Strong, secretary of the Evangelical Alliance, in the course 'of an excellent discourse on The Civil Sabbath,' recently delivered, has this to say regarding the grounds for its observance :Š " We observe two Sabbaths, entirely distinct in origin, character, and authorityŠthe one civil, the other religious. The latter is divine in its origin and authority, and sacred in character; the formerŠthe civil SabbathŠis wholly human in its origin and authority, and secular in character. Because these two Sabbaths coincide, they are very easily and com-monly confounded, and there results much popular misconception as to the meaning and value of Sab-bath laws. . . . Much bad blood and much in-jury to the cause of Sabbath observance result from the common failure of both the enemies and friends of Sabbath laws to perceive that they are wholly secular, and that they in nowise depend for justifica-tion on the divine authority and sacred character of the religious Sabbath. If the words, " Remember the Sabbath-day to keep it holy," had never been uttered, there would be exactly the same ground for Sabbath legislation which now exists,Ša ground full, broad, and solid.' " The tenable grounds, therefore, on which legisla-tion regarding Sabbath observance rests, are these, namely : ' First, the duty of the State to secure to every man the right to rest on the Sabbath ; and second, the duty of the State to guard the leisure of the day from uses subversive of its object as a day of rest, and uses dangerous to public morals.'" The position here laid down by Dr. StrongŠone of the most thoughtful and able American writers concerning national questionsŠis as strongly put as it is possible to make an illogical position. He fails to recognize the fundamental truth that "Sabbath keeping" is primarily and only a religious act, and that the benefits which come from it to man's lower nature, and to the so-called lion-religious interests of a community, come only when the abstinence from labor is brought 'about through religion conviction. In other words, the expression "civil Sabbath" is at once''and always' contradictory; this is shown by the fact =that in all places, and on the part of all individuals where rest is induced without religious conviction, Sabbath keeping and its blessings disappear. The "continental Sunday,"  of which so much is said, and concerning which so much fear is expressed, is the unavoidable result of a social and civil system from which the idea of a divinely-appointed Sabbath has been eliminated. When a religious conviction does not control, abstinence from labor induced by social customs, by mere desire for relief from the fatigue of labor, or by the compulsion of civil law, must result in holidayism, the charac-ter of which will be determined by the religious and moral atmosphere of the time. Holidayism thus induced has always resulted in much posi-tive irreligion and immorality. The statement that the State must "secure to every man the right to rest on the Sabbath," finds no counterpart in existing Sunday legisla-tion. If that be all which the State may do, it can only declare that each man shall be free to cease from labor on Sunday if he choose so to do. The moment that it forbids labor, it has passed beyond the matter of guaranteeing rest, and has introduced compulsion. The evident confusion into which so clear a thinker as Dr. Strong falls, must continue until men cease to teach the illogical and impossible theory that there can be a "civil Sabbath." We shall es-cape from the thralldom of this inconsistence only as we rise from the lowland into which the pagan-born State-church theories out of which Roman Catholicism grew, are wholly laid aside. ŠSabbath Recorder. That Unwritten Agreement. BISHOP FOSTER urges that there was an "un-written agreement" made between the observers of Sunday and the observers of the seventh day; that the former carne to America first and established the keeping of Sunday; that the latter in coining afterwards tacitly agreed to keep the laws. By this "unwritten agreement" the keepers of the seventh day were bound to keep Sunday also. This mode of reasoning is worthy only of the Papacy and the Inquisition. It is the argument of tyranny; but let us see how it would work in another case. When America was discovered the Indians were the undisputed owners of the continent. So far as the whites were concerned, the Indians established themselves here first. They had cer-tain "unwritten" laws regulating warfare, the chase, and social life. A solemn council de-termined the fate of the captives taken in war. Certain ceremonies were performed before under-taking the chase. The women were obliged to do all the drudgery, that the men might the bet-ter be prepared for war and the chase. By the working of these "unwritten" laws Sunday was as much used for the chase as any other day. In fact, they " had no Sunday." Now when the Mayflower landed a small company at Plymouth, did not these individuals tacitly agree to keep the laws of the red men ? When -William Penn bought land of the Indians was it not the "unwritten agreement" that who-ever should settle on this land would keep the laws of the red men? Whenever settlers came to America would they not be bound by this "unwritten agreement" to keep Sunday as the Indians kept it? How is this, anyway, Mr. Foster? Do not the Indians' claims antedate yours? Thenj  too, the whites were in the minor-ity. They were not even one-seventh of one per cent. of the population. R. M. CAVINESS. Keokuk, Iowa. 