AMERICAN SENTINEL. 237 WE have just received the following froni one of our subscribers in Meridan, Miss.: "I would live on half ra-tions before I would do without the SENTINEL." IN answer to our letter of March 24, Amos Reiff, of Esterlys, Pa., says:Š"I have tried your SENTINEL three months, and am pleased with it. Enclosed find one dollar, which please place to my credit." E. K. CASSELL, Catskill, N. Mex., sends us in an order for one year to a friend, and says of the SENTINEL: "I appreciate your visits very much, and I think you rightly di serve the name you bear." Some Good New Tracts. Apples of Gold Library, No. 48, is entitled, "Try the Spirits," and is written by L. A. Phippeny, 8 pages, price % cent. "Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God" is the groundwork of this study. That these "spirits" are real personalities, pos-sessing more than human power and intelligence, that they are ever 'round about' us, intently engaged in the battle of good and evil, that we as human beings consti-tute their field of battle, are all clearly demonstrated. New and valuable thoughts are advancedŠthoughts de-serving of the most careful consideration. Bible Students Library, No. 151, "Christian" Demand for War. A striking object lesson. By Dr. E. J. Waggoner, illustrated, 16 pages, 1 cent. "In God's name let us raise an army and . . . sweep the olcb.murderer and all his tribe into the sea," says one correspondent in a leading religious journal, referring to the Turks. Dr. Waggoner quotes such utterances because they indicate the "Christian" sentiment which is really consecrating the spirit of war. He asks those holding such sentiments, "When the name of Christ the Prince of Peace is used as a war cry, where shall we look for peace on the earth?" It contains some of the most powerful arguments against the use of force by Christians that we have ever read, and if widely distributed will awaken peo-ple to the inquity of the principle involved. One of the illustrations is found on the cover page, and shows the Mosque of Omar where thousands of the Saracens met death at the hands of the "Christian" crusaders. Bible Students Library, No. 152, "The Alarm of War." By Eld. A. 0. Tait. Fully illustrated, 32 pages, price 2 cents. "The alarm of war" is continuously sounding from some part of the world. Every few days the papers tell of new inventions or improvements in the weapons of war. Already the powerful cannon and torpedoes, the rapid fire and machine guns, along with all the other,  modern devices for killing men by the wholesale, are caus-ing the questions to be anxiously asked, What are we coming to any way? Will the nations rush into war armed with these terribly destructive implements? What does it all mean? These preparations are shown to be one of the signs of the end, and a fulfillment of prophecy. A series of vivid illustrations is an attractive feature and will gain the tract many readers. Every one is interested in, and will read on, this subject. Let us give them a chance. Imported German Bibles. Dr. Martin Luther's Translation. ~TTE have imported direct from Germany a select line of fine minion Reference German Bibles which we offer at the following prices postpaid:Š No. Price 60 Cloth, plain edges, heavy boards, Hamburg print,  $ .75 62 Russia, gilt edges, heavy boards, Hamburg print,  1.50 64 Arctic Seal, Orient paper lined, divinity cir- cuit, gold edges, Stuttgart print, size 4%x 6%x1X inches, thin paper, 10 pages of Helps and eight maps,  2.50 66 German Morocco, gold edges, divinity cir- cuit, leather lined to edge, Elberfeld print, size 5x8x1Minches. Five pages extra mat- ter and six maps,  3.50 A NEW TRACT CATALOGUE. "Descriptive Catalogue of the Bible Students', Apples of Gold, and Religious Liberty Libraries " is the title of this 36 page catalogue, It gives a pithy description of each tract and pamphlet in the above Libraries, together with their size and price. It will greatly assist the reader to select such numbers as he may desire to read and circulate; and may be obtained FREE by addressing the Pacific Press Publishing Com. pany, Oakland, Cal.; 39 Bond St., New York City, N.Y.; 18 W. 5th St., Kan. sae City, Mo.; or Review and Herald, Battle Creek, Mich.; Atlanta, Ga. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and. State, either in name or in principle. ORGAN OF THE International Religious liberty Association. Published Weekly by Pacific Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, - - $1.00. 46 Six months, .5o at 66 Three " - .25 ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. 64 