AMERICAN SENTINEL. 669 place of God. This law, in the sight of heaven, was worthless; for God is a spirit, and those who worship him, must worship him in spirit and in truth. No wor-ship compelled by law is acceptable to Him who sees the very heart." "I see it," said Charlie. "What he ought to have done was to have given his subjects full liberty to wor-ship according to the dictates of their own consciences, as the Constitution of our nation does. Our government,  is all right, isn't it?" "Every government is all right as a civil affair, till it goes back on the principles of liberty, and forgets that it exists for the protection of our natural rights. Well, Charlie, here is Rollin's Ancient History. I want you to read up all you can about Babylon. In our next talk, we'll study the change that came over the lion that was lifted up as a man and had a man's heart given unto it." F. B. Ł 4 4 A "Christian" Government. WILLIE.ŠMama, is the United States a Christian na-tion? MAMA.ŠWhyŠI suppose it is, Willie; but why do you want to know that? Willie.ŠWell, our school-teacher said it was, but I've read the Declaration of Independence and the Constitu-tion all through, and couldn't find anything about it in either one (Pause). Oh, I know,ŠI'll find out what church it goes to. Mama.ŠIt doesn't go to any church, Willie. Willie.ŠHow can it be Christian if it don't ever go to church? Don't it belong to any church? Mama.ŠNot that I ever heard of, Willie. Willie.ŠI guess that's what Bill Meeker meant the other day when I asked him what church he belonged to. He looked at me rather funny, and said he belonged to the United States church. That meant he didn't go to church at all. Mama.ŠVery likely. Willi#.ŠSeems to me, mama, the United States sets a bad example by being Christian and not joining any church. Mama.ŠIf it should join a church, Willie, it would make a union of church and state, and we don't want that in this country. Willie.ŠThen it can't be Christian at all without set-ting a bad example. Mama.ŠIt would be a very bad example indeed if it should join a church. Willie.ŠBut it's right to be a Christian, mama? Mama.ŠWhy, certainly, my boy; that is a very nec-essary thing for everybody. Willie.ŠWell, this looks rather mixed up. It's right to be a Christian, and yet this government can't be Christian without setting a bad example. Fact of the  matter is, I guess, that Christianity don't belong to gov-ernments, even if my teacher did say so. Mama.ŠWell, Willie, I wouldn'twonder if you were right. IF the charge that Americans are a race of dyspeptics be well founded, it is also true that here have scientific research and business energy proviled the best dietetic means for overcoming the evil. For that large class of people who suffer from weak digestion, acidity of the stomach, and constipation, the "Gluten Flour," prepared by Farwell & Rhines, of Watertown, N. Y., supplies in a form that is easy of assimilation foo for the brain, nerve, bone, and muscle. The diet based on "Gluten Flour" is varied by the use of'bread, biscuit, gems, rolls, and grid-dle cakes made from it, and in making which much less of this specially prepared flour is required than when or-dinary flour is used. As a food for children and nursing mothers it has been found of the highest value by medical practitioners who have prescribed it. When simply pre-pared with milk in the form of porridge or pudding, it is delicate and strengthening nutriment in cases of severe stomach troubles. It is as nearly free from starch as it is possible to make a flour suitable for general use. The health preparations of Messrs. Farwell & Rhines have been on the market for nearly twenty years, are unlike all/ other products, and -have been highly indorsed by physicians and the public at home and abroad. The same firm makes "Barley Crystals," a preparation of the heart of the barley grain, from which indigestible cellulose and fibrous matter have been eliminated so that "Barley Crystals" is 99.1 per cent. pure food. Another of their famous products is 'Special Diabetic Flour." Pamphlets describing their cereal products, adapted for use in vari-ous special cases, and free samples, will be sent in response to inquiries. TO OUR PATRONS : 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. It paper money or coin is sent. register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisimily opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and. State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Paeitle Press Publishing Co. ORGAN os. Tas International Religious Liberty Assoelation. Single Copy, Per Year, ti Six months, - $1.00. .50 St Three " - .245  &Dmucsa, MIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York 