"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD." Vol. 11, No. 4. NEW YORK, JANUARY 23, 1896. Price, three cents.   American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, 1. - - EDITORS. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - ASSISTANT EDITOR. HOW ARE THE " POWERS THAT BE " ORDAINED? Tins question is answered by the Scrip-tures: " The powers that be are ordained of God."' " There is no power' but of God," just as there is no life but of God ; he is the source of all life and of all authority, and where either exists it is by the ordinance of God. " for by him were all things created that are in heaven, and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principalities, or powers : all things were created by him and for him: and he is before all things, and by him all things consist."' This is not saying, however, that all things created or ordained by God are used for the purpose for which he ordained them. " We wrestle not against flesh and blood," says the apostle, " but against principalities, against powers."' And again of Christ we read: " Having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a show of them openly, triumphing over them."' In these texts it is declared that we wrestle against powers, and that Christ triumphed over powers; and yet these powers are among the things which he himself created; why then do we resist them, and why did Christ himself triumph over them ? It is because they have been perverted from the purpose for. which they were ordained and are used for another purpose, just as the powers which God gives to man are so often used in sinning 1  Rom. 13: J. 2  The original word here rendered " power " is by some translated "authority." "Liddell & Scott's Lexicon" defines it as "power or authority." The " Century Dictionary" de-fines "power," as "the ability or right to command or control; dominion; authority;" etc. With this agrees also the "Ency-clopaedic Dictionary," while Webster gives " power" as a syn-onym of " authority." Col. 1: 16, 17. 4 Eph. 6; 12, k Col. 2: 15. against him. The powers that crushes out the life of the victim of lust or malice is just as truly from God as is the power that feeds the hungry or rescues the perishing; but the one is perverted and used to dishonor God; the other is used for the purpose for which it was was, ordained, and God is honored thereby. The latter exercise of power is legitimate; the former is usurpation. To illustrate: Sup-pose President Cleveland should declare war against Great Britain, would not everybody say he had no power to do it? that it was not an act of power but of usurpation ? Certainly; because while such a thing is a physical and moral possibility, the President has no such authority. The people have or-dained no such power in the President, but have, by the Constitution, vested it in Congress. Since God is not the author of sin, and has given no man or set of men authority to prac-tice oppression, all governmental injustice is as antagonistic to the divine ordinance of civil authority as a declaration of war by the President without the consent of Congress would be to the Constitution of the United States. Satan, now the enemy of all righteousness, was once a mighty angel in heaven. He was created by God, and all his mighty power was ordained in him by the Creator; but he was not made a devil, nor was his power given to him for the ruin of man. He was created perfect. His God-given powers were to be used for the glory of his Creator, who thus addresses him after his fall:Š " Thou sealest up the sum, full of wisdom, and per-fect in beauty. Thou hast been in Eden the gar-den of God ; every precious stone was thy covering. . . . Thou art the anointed cherub that covereth; and I have set thee so: thou wast upon the holy mountain of God; thou hast walked up and down in the midst of the stones of fire. Thou wast perfect in thy ways from the day that thou wast cre- ated, till iniquity was found in thee." "How art thou fallen from heaven, 0 Lucifer, son of the morn-ing! how art thou cut down to the ground, which didst weaken the nations! For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my throne above the stars of God: . . . I will ascend above the heights of the clouds; I will be like the Most High. Yet thou shalt be brought down to hell, to the sides of the pit." 8  6  Such " power " N of course simply brute force; it has in it no element of authority; and this is true no matter what claims may be put forth by or in behalf of those who exer-cise it. Eze. 28: 12-13 s  isa. 14; 12-15. It was by usurpation that Satan fell, and just as his power has been perverted, so man's God-ordained powers have been turned aside from the purposes for which they were given, and have been used to dishonor the Creator. The power of choice and of self-defense, the authority to protect the weak, to punish the evil-doer, and to reward the up-right, which God gives to man, is too often used for injustice and oppression. But such acts are without the warrant of any divine ordinance; for God ordains no evil. We never think of excusing the perpetrators of crime because the power that wields the bludgeon that strikes down beings created in the image of God, springs from the Creator. The Lord has given every man sufficient power to kill if he so wills, but he lids given no man power to kill. The murderer is therefore with-out excuse. No more should we think of justi-fying acts of usurpation on the part of human governments, because " the powers that be are ordained of God." sCivil power is ordained of God; but the innate sense of justice implanted in every breast tells us that its sphere is not unlimited; '° while the divine Word plainly declares that such power is " for the punish-ment of evil-doers, and for the praise of them that do well." " It is a self-evident truth that man is endowed by his Creator with certain inalienable rights. All wrong, therefore, under color of civil au-thority, is an act of usurpation and not of God-ordained power. The power that is ordained of God is plainly declared in the Scriptures to be, not for rapine, outrage, and murder, as recently witnessed in Armenia; not for the persecution of honest men for conscience' sake, as is too often seen in our 0 This is not saying that Christians should forcibly resist civil rulers. There are circumstances, however, under which the Christian must refuse obedience to so-called civil laws. President Fairchild says: "In a case of this kind, either of two courses is possible; to disobey the law, and re-sist the government in its attempt to execute lt, or to dis-obey and quietly suffer the penalty. The first is revolution-ary, and can be justified only when the case is flagrant and affects such numbers that a revolutionary movement will be sustained. . . . The second course will, in general' commend itself to considerate and conscientious men. It is a testimony against the law as unrighteous, and at the same time, a recognition of government as a grave in-terest." 10  "The framers of the Constitution," says Richard 12 Johnson, "recognized the eter nal principle that man's rela tion with his God is above human legislation, and his right of conscience inalienable. Reasoning was not necessary to establish this truth; we are conscious of it in our own bosoms." 11 1 Peter 2: 14. 