E,qual and axact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or 'Persuasion, religious or PoliticalŠThomas Jefferson. Ł VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 1, 1892. NUMB ER 34. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 Barn ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. WHAT would be the general opinion of the intelligence and good sense of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL if it should publih, in good faith, such a paragraph as this ?Š We  call attention to the fact that the "Amer-ican Sabbath Union " (another name for Presby-terians), is industriously circulating petitions throughout the country for an open Saturday Fair, ostensibly in the interests of the workingmen, but really in the interest of the Sunday Sabbath. They would prefer to have the Fair open Saturday so that by somilarizing the day it may become obsolete as a recognized day for rest and worship. Beware ! Be not misled by them. If the best sense and intelligence of THE SENTINEL had evolved such a para-graph, what would be the general opinion of its purpose ? Š0Š A NUMBER of the Columbian Sunday Advocate, bearing the motto, "Devoted to the Maintenance of One Day in Seven for Rest, Recuperation, Benevolent Min-istrations, Moral Improvement and Wor-ship," and at the foot of the title page in broad-faced small caps, the injunction of Nehemiah, " I commanded that the gates should be shut, and charged that they should not be opened till after the Sab-bath," has been sent to this office. There is in this publication the following para-graph:Š We call attention to the fact that the " National Religious Liberty Association " (another name for Seventh-day Adventists), is industriously circula-ting petitions throughout the country for an open Sunday Fair, ostensibly in the interest of working-men, but really in the interest of the Saturday Sab-bath. They would prefer to have the Fair open Sundays so that by secularizing the day it may be-come obsolete as a recognized day for rest and wor-ship. Beware! Be not misled by them. What should be the general opinion of  the intelligence and good sense of the Columbian Sunday Advocate since it has published, in good faith, such a paragraph as that ? And, as the best sense and in-telligence of the Columbian Sunday Ad-vocate has expressed itself in such a para-graph what can be our opinion of its pur-pose ? THE National National Religious Liberty Associ-ation has circulated a petition which has been presented, with many thousand bona fide, individual signatures, to the Senate and the House. This is the exact form of the petition :Š We, the undersigned, citizens of the United States, hereby respectfully but decidedly, protest against the Congress of the United States commit-ting the United States Government to a union of religion and the State in the passage of any bill or resolution to close the World's Columbian Exposi-tion on Sunday, or in any other way committing the Government to a course of religious legislation. This is the only form of petition which the National Religious Liberty Associa tion has circulated since the agitation of the question of the Sunday closing of the World's Fair arose. It must, therefore, be the one to which the Columbian Sun-day Advocate refers in the quoted para-graph. The Advocate says that the peti-tion is " for an open Sunday Fair." is it ? Is the petition in the affirmative form at all ?ŠIt is not. Does the petition ask that Congress shall decree the Sunday opening of the Fair ?ŠIt does not. If the petition asked what the Advocate says it does it would stultify itself. It would ask Con-gress to commit the Government to a union of religion and the State while the earnestly stated purpose of the petition is to protest against such a course. An act of Congress to open the World's Fair on Sun-day would have been just as uncalled for and just as vicious a piece of legislation as the legislative subterfuge by which its Sunday closing has been secured. The National Religious Liberty Association would no more have been guilty of peti-tioning for the one than for the other. THE Columbian Sunday Advocate says  farther that this petition is "ostensibly in the interest of workingmen." Is it ? Will the reader of these paragraphs re-read that petition and find the sentence, or the phrase, or the word, which can be tortured into either really or ostensibly asking anything which is for the interest of any man or any set of men any more than for that of each and every citizen of the United States? You can not find it. The Columbian Sunday Advocate can not find it. There is no such sentence,word, or phrase there. But the Sunday Advocate says that it finds that that which, in this petition, is " ostensibly in the interest of,  workingmen" is "really in the, interest of the Saturday Sabbath." That renowned humorist, who said he " would rather not know so much than know so many things that weren't so," would have felt a sin-cere sympathy for the Columbian Sunday Advocate which knows and calls attention to so many facts that are not facts. The truth is that as there is nothing in the petition ostensibly in the interest of work-ingmen, so there is nothing "really in the interest of the Saturday Sabbath." This is a vivid illustration of how danger-ous a thing it is to know and to print things which are not so. This statement shows that, in the mind of the Columbian Sunday Advocate, there are two rival Sab-baths, the Saturday Sabbath and the Sun-day Sabbath, and that a petition which is in the interest of one antagonizes the other. So it is with such innocent sim-plicity of ignorance as this that the Sun-day Advocate betrays its own position, by falsely accusing the National Religious Liberty Association of that of which it is itself guilty. If the Association would 'an-tagonize the Sunday by favoring that which is in the interest of the Sabbath then the Advocate by favoring that which is in the interest of Sunday does antagonize the Sab-bath. Thus the Advocate . betrays itself completely, and so unnecessarily, that it is almost pitiable. If a petition for opening on the Sunday Sabbath is in the interest of the Saturday Sabbath, a petition for 