128 TO lair VOL. 9, No. 16. NEW YORK, APRIL 19, 1894. V12W-  ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. WORD has come from Jackson, Tenn., that the appeal case of M. B. Capps to the Supreme Court of Tennessee from the circuit court of Weakley County, where he was convicted under the statute against Sunday labor, has failed to 'come up as expected because of the loss of the papers and record of the case in the lower court. If the papers are found, the case, it is ex-pected, will be set for the middle of May. THE pope recently sent an encyclical to the Russian bishops which has aroused the attention of the Russian Government, and called forth official expressions of displeasure at what is termed the inoppor-tune interference of the pope in Russian affairs. So the inhabitants of Russia have at least one ray of comfort, that the Czar realizes that he is pope enough with-out the pope of Rome to help him. THE manager of the publishing house of the Seventh-day Adventists at Basle, Switzerland, has been again called before the authorities for Sunday work, and fined. The case will be appealed. There is now more than three hundred francs in fines and costs against the publishing house, for which the manager is respon-sible. As the fine will not be paid, this means imprisonment,Šat the rate of five francs a day,Šfor over sixty days. But how will it end ? The publishing house will not yield the principle. Will the authorities recede from their position ? THE Board of Education of San Fran-cisco has pending before it the question of the use in the public schools of "Myers' General History," a decided protest against it as a text-book having been made by the Roman Catholics. The facts of history are of course unpalatable to the Roman Catholic Church, and so the demand is made that those facts be suppressed. Ca-tholicism may succeed in this protest. Can those who favor the teaching of re-ligion in the public schools fail to see that if Rome can exercise so much control now, how much more will the schools be di-rected by her hand when religion has been made a part of their accepted course of, study ? ALTHOUGH the so - called " Christian amendment" to the Constitution of the United States is defeated in the judiciary committees, yet it is laid on the table only for this session of Congress, and will cer-tainly be revived again. It is therefore by no means a dead issue. Indeed, now is  the time when it should receive thorough consideration, and the fatal governmental and religious error upon which it is based be fully shown. Its advocates are com-pletely given over to their idols. Through the Christian Statesman, they say, " One defeat or a hundred defeats, cannot arrest a movement so instinct with the truth of God, and so vital to the welfare of this great Christian people." The Statesman continues as to the principles which ani-mate them, " In the profound conviction that they are right, and must prevail, its advocates will continue to press them upon the attention and consciences of the citizens of the nation." And so they will, by every power that can be brought to bear, moral, social, political, legal, legislative. Oh, no! this measure is not dead; do not make that mistake. AN effective sentence from the pen of Professor George D. Herron, Iowa Col-lege, is this :Š The social revolution, making the closing years of our century and the dawning years of the next the most crucial and formative since the crucifixion of the Son of man, is the call and opportunity of Christen-dom to become Christians. This is striking language, but it is even more impressive truth. The evidences that this country is entering upon an era of social tumult and struggle are unmis-takable. However Falstaffian an array the " Army of the Commonweal " may appear to be,Šit is the vanguard of the unknown column marching out of the mists of the coming years, and, as the herald of the era which it ushers in, is worthy of sober consideration rather than jeers. Coxey's army and the Tillman war are precursors of social tornadoes to come which will disturb the civic peace as the atmospheric calm of the western prairies is broken now already by the whirling blast of the dreaded cyclone. These things are the cry marking the approach of the darkest hour before the dawn, and. the final oppohunity. THE Methodist conferences have not even yet ceased passing resolutions in re-gard to the Sunday closingof the World's Fair. The New York Sun, of April 10, has this paragraph in a report of proceed- ing's :Š The World's Fair furnished a theme for discussion to the New York Methodist Conference yesterday. The Committee on Sabbath Observance presented through its chairman, the Rev. A. H. Ames, a report that the Sunday closing of the Fair at Chicago proved that Sunday was still regarded as sacred to the people of the country. This didn't meet with the approval of Dr. McAnnay of Tarrytown, who arose, and, speak-ing with some heat, said: "We take it for granted that the Fair was closed on Sunday because of rever-ence on the part of the management for the sanctity of the day. It wasn't. It was because it wouldn't pay to keep open on Sunday. I protest against such a report." Some one moved that the passage about the World's Fair be stricken out, but the motion had no second and the report was adopted. The Methodists seem to have come to a point where they believe most implicitly  in the infallibility and omnipotence of a set of resolutions. The heretics who have any doubt as to the efficacy of their evan' gelizing influence are very quickly rele gated to the scoffers' corner. THE Brooklyn Daily Eagle has this item :Š In most of the States of the Union Sunday fishing is prohibited, and in this State the legislature recently refused to pass a bill which made it legal. On general principles it may be said that any law which prohibits such a harmless and innocent amusement as fishing on Sunday is a relic of bigotry. The notion that it is the province of the State to enforce Sabbath observance in such an extreme direction was exploded long ago. It is very certain that the existing law will not be heeded by any true fisherman, even though Sunday fishing be proverbially unlucky. The Eagle seems to think that Sunday fishing is such a little sin that it don't count. But what is the difference in prin-ciple between laws prohibiting fishing on Sunday, solely because it is Sunday, and laws prohibiting any other amusement or labor on Sunday for the same reason. THE Christian Advocate, of April 5, has this paragraph :Š The Presbyterian tells how one man stopped Sab-bath work in the Reading shops at Williamsport, Pa. He declined to work on the Sabbath, and was dis-charged as a man who had too many scruples for a railroad worker. He quietly informed the men who were in the shops that if they went to work he would prosecute them for violation of the Sunday law of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Seventy-five of the men declined to work the next Lord's day. The name of the sturdy upholder of the civil law was Andrew Anderson. In thus sturdily upholding the " civil law," did Andrew Anderson show himself to be a " sturdy upholder " of the Golden Rule ? In this act did he show that he loved his neighbor as himself ? Was this a Christian deed ? Did Andrew Anderson thus prove himself to be a Christian ? " Is the Papacy in Prophecy ? " is a most interesting and timely question, and it is aptly answered by Rev. Thomas Haskins, A. M., Rector of Christ Church, Los Angeles, Cal., in a pamphlet bearing that title. This work is the outgrowth of a series of papers.read by Mr. Haskins before the Ministerial Union of Los Angeles, and subsequently published by him at the re-quest of the union. That the papacy is in prophecy is clearly shown and its course traced to its final destruction. Mr. Haskins' little work is well worth reading. One hundred pages; size of page, 6 x 9 inches; price, in paper covers, 25 cents ; in boards, cloth covered, 50 cents. Address, the author, Los Angeles, Cal., or Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York City. AMERICAN SENTINEL. for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per,year, - - 90c " 25 to 99 ' " " 1 - - - 80c if 100 to 249 " " " " - - 75c it 250 to 499 " " " " f t - - 70c 500 to 999 " " " " - - 65c " 1000 or more " " " "- 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - -5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City, 