AMERICAN SENTINEL. 569 cepts, or a law enjoined on the race, and of physical pro-cesses, or a law observed and formulated by the men of science. All the operations of nature that we see going on daily around us, Christians refer to the Maker and Director of the universe. They also believe that His will has been expressed for their guidance, as well as in the course of the flying bullet, or the running of the rivers. But neither the moral nor the physical law is within the purview of a lecture course at a law school. And any other religious dogma has as much application and rele-vancy to the commencement exercises of such an institu-tion as this statement of Bishop Hooker's. * ON the other hand, applied to the law which lawyers have to deal with, and which the students thus addressed have been investigating, the language of Bishop Hooker is preposterous and wicked. All of this law, from the in-ception of social development to the highest and most complex system of civilization, is the work of men's hands, and of their hands alone. There is nothing what-soever sacred, or divine anywhere at all in or about it. It arose from human necessity, just as clothing is adapted to our natural wants. But a suit of clothing may just as fairly and reverentially be said to owe its origin to Deity as any human law, "common" or "statute." * * "GOVERNMENT" is a machine, likewise, of human con-struction alone. It is a means or way devised by men for the enforcement and application of the common will known as "the law." It has no sanctity, nor peculiar claim to unwilling respect, save in so far as it can coerce. No individual is under any obligation to surrender his conscience to its decrees. On the other hand, its action adds nothing whatever to an existing moral obligation. Right and wrong are matters of that law which has its seat in the bosom of Deity. Human law knows nothing, can, from its very nature and its origin, know nothing about either. THESE fundamental truths cannot be repeated top often, or insisted upon too strenuously, while Bishop Hooker's words are quoted and indorsed. It is treason to American institutions for any speaker to instill into the minds of our young men the subtlepoison of this idea that there is something sacred about human law and hu-man governmental machinery. Thus are they induced to receive the old conception of the divine right of kings in a new form, and one more pernicious and demoralizing than it ever assumed in the worst days of its practical application. For to believe in the divine mission of the community is a mental slavery infinitely more deplorable and hapless than to worship at one man's feet, as the Heavenly-appointed ruler of our lives. * THESE young aspirants for the bar ought rightly -to  be told that the subject of their studies is not only desti-tute of any trace of divine authority, or sanction, or character, but that it is a piece of human patchwork, which, in its glaring inconsistencies, its false assumptions and ridiculous requirements, its cast-iron conservatism, its cumbrous methods, its lethargic movements, its ex-travagant cost, and in many other regards, is a standing reproach to those that made it, and the most serious re-flection on human intelligence that can be found. The more intelligent among them discover all this before they come to receive their diplomas. What is the use of in-flicting cant upon them? EVERY young attorney should shake off all awe of this human legislation and practice, and recognizing its manifold imperfections and flaws, should make it a part of his life work to reform it as much as he may. The op-portunities to know where the evils lie, and to intelli-gently work for their mitigation, are given to lawyers as they are given to no other men in the land. It is unfor-tunate that those best qualified to help the progress of the race in this matter should be rather inclined to accept the situation as they find it, than to bestir themselves for the adoption of better things. The aim of the "com-mencement orator," it seems to me, should be to coun-teract this tendency as much as possible, and to set the young practitioners hot upon the trail of abuses, with a zealous ambition to reform them. AT this writing it seems assured that the New Orleans bishopric of the Roman Catholic church, recently rendered vacant by death, will go to the celebrated Bishop Keane,  erstwhile of the Catholic University at Washington. Public attention is thus called anew to the strange con-troversy which has for some time been going on in the Catholic church of this country between the "liberal" and what would be called in Europe the "ultramontane" wings of the priesthood. The Vatican has long taken a deep interest in her United States affairs. She seems at times to cherish a hope that, should her European influence gradually slip away from her, the loss will be more than compensated by accessions on this side of the water. * How to make the most of her chances here is the dis-puted problem with her leaders. Some years ago we had what was called the "Cahensley movement." This re-sulted from a suggestion by a foreign prelate that immi-grants to this country should- be always served by a priest of their own nationalityŠthus preserving, as far as possible for the church, the distinctions of race preju-dices and race customs which our naturalized citizens bring with them from their various native lands. The best thought of the Roman church prevailed against this in-novation. 