MARCH 29, 1894. AM CAN kNVINIaL. 09 breathe out their poisonous soul-destroy-ing errors to contaminate the purity of the hearts and minds of the people. And when they persisted in their wickedness they were not deemed fit to live, but expiated their crimes at the stake. That atmos-phere of piety put such a spirit of love and gentleness in the hearts of those rude sailors that they were ready to mutiny and murder Columbus, unless he would grant their requests. Such an atmosphere proved very conducive to the life and growth of that lovely plantŠthe Spanish Inquisition. What a blessed experience it would be, indeed, if the wheel of time would revolve backward and plunge the wide world once more into that pious atmosphere. Again, in the same article, the writer says :Š Pity it is that Catholic piety is not allowed to bring its elevating influence to play on every heart. The Inquisition made it very easy to bring the " elevating influence" of " Cath-olic piety " " to play on every heart." Like methods will once more produce like results. Apostate Protestantism is fast turning the wheel of time backward, and soon the wide world and all the earth will be dipped in that atmosphere of " piety " in which the rude sailors of four centuries ago were born and bred; and the elevat-ing(?) influence of Catholic piety will soon be brought to play on every heart. W. H. FALCONER. Old and New Style. A CORRESPONDENT sends us the follow-ing, and requests some light on the sub-ject A gentleman here asserts that when we keep the seventh day, we do not know that that is the proper Sabbath, instituted by God, because " time changes; " for instance, he says: Washington was born February.-  11th, 1732, but on account of the change in time since that, his birthday had to be moved ahead to the 22nd of February, or, in other words, a gain in time, in one hundred and sixty-two years, of eleven days, conse-quently it does not matter what day we observe, be-cause one can not be sure of observing the right one, any way. Will the editor of the SENTINEL please giveus some light on this subject, both as to Washington's birthday and the proper day of rest. Can we know that we have the right day when we observe the seventh Y Yours open to conviction. P. H. H. Ł The question is a very easy one. The year is a natural division of time measured off by the movement of the earth around the sun. It does not consist, however, of a certain number of days. The exact length of the solar year is 365 days, 5 hours, 48 minutes, 57 seconds. The following, from "Analysis of Sacred Chronology," by S. Bliss, will make this matter clear :Š The year is the most convenient division of time. Previous to the deluge, and for a long time after, it was reckoned at three hundred and sixty days. As the sun returns annually to the same point in the heavens, it could not fail to be noticed as a natural measurement of time. The Egyptiaris attributed its discovery to the Phoenician, Hermes, a diligent ob-server of the rising and setting of the stars; but it was evidently in use before the deluge. In process of time it was found that the primeval year of three hundred and sixty days was shorter than the tropical year, and five additional days were inter-calated, to harmonize the observance of festivals with their appropriate seasons. It was subsequently found that the solar year exceeded three hundred and sixty-five days, by about six hours, or a quarter of a day. In the time of Julius Ciesar, owing to the irregular-ity with which the. additional days had been interca-lated, the vernal equinox, instead of falling on the 23rd of March, was dated near the middle of May. To remedy this, Caesar formed a preparatory year of fifteen months, or four hundred and forty-five days, called " the year of confusion." It began October 3, C 46, so that the first reformed year following com-menced January 1, B. c. 45. To compensate for the additional fraction of a day, he inserted a whole day every fourth year. More accurate astronomical observations at length demonstrated that the true solar year was three hun-dred and sixty-five days, five hours, forty-eight min-utes, and fifty-seven secondsŠeleven minutes and three seconds less than the time reckoned, or one day in every one hundred and thirty years; so that in A. D. 1582 the vernal equinox was found to be on the 11th of March, having fallen back ten days. To rem-edy this, Pope Gregory XIII left out ten days in October, calling the 5th the 15th of that month, making another "year of confusion." To prevent a repetition of this error, Gregory decreed that three days should be omitted in every four centuries, or that that number of years, which would otherwise be bis-sextile, should be reckoned as common years. This makes our year sufficiently exact for all practical pur-poses. Perfect accuracy, however, would require that another day be omitted in each six thousand years, and one day more at the end of one hundred and forty-four thousand. The Gregorian calendar was not at once adopted, however, by all nations. The " Encyclopa3dia Britannica," says :Š In Great Britain the alteration of the style was for a long time successfully opposed by popular prejudice. The inconvenience, however, of using a different date from that employed by the greater part of Europe, in matters of history and chronology, began to be gen-erally felt; and at length, in 1751, an act of Parlia-ment was passed for the adoption of the new style in all public and legal transactions, The difference of the two styles, which then amounted to ,eleven days, was removed by ordering the day following the second of September of the year 1752 to be accounted the 14th of that month; and in order to preserve uniform-ity in future, the Gregorian rule of intercalation re-specting the secular years was adopted. It will be seen that this change in the calendar had no effect whatever on the weekly cycle. Russia still adheres to the Julian calendar, but has the same week as the rest of the world. The reason for this is that the week has no connection what-ever with the month or with the year. It is by divine appointment. That the week is a definite and well- known division of time, and that conse-quently the seventh day of the week is likewise a well-defined portion of time, is attested by all history. Indeed, few other facts are so well attested, and no other arbitrary division of time is so ancient as is the weekly cycle. Moreover, the week is at once an unimpeachable witness to the truth of the Mosaic account of crea-ation, and an imperishable monument to the original Sabbath, the seventh day of the week. Aside from the Bible, history furnishes no clue to the origin of the weekly cycle. Some have thought that it might have been suggested by the changes of the moon : but very unfortunately for that theory the moon does not change once in seven days but once in seven days and nine hours, as nearly as may be, hence its phast.4 do not synchronize with the week. There is ab- solutely nothing in nature to suggest the septenary cycle; and so patent is this fact that the "Encycloptedia Britannica," arti-cle "Calendar," says :Š As the week forms neither an aliquot part of the year nor of the lunar month, those who reject the Mosaic recital will be at a loss, as Delambre remarks, to assign to it an origin having much semblance of probability. The same authority, article, " Babylo-nia," says :Š The week of seven days was in use from an early period; indeed, the names which we still give to the days can be traced to Ancient Babylonia; and the sev-enth day was one of sulum, or rest. This fact constitutes the week an unim-peachable witness to the truth of Genesis. But the question may be asked, How is it also an imperishable monument to the original Sabbath ? The answer is easy. As the Sabbath of the fourth command- ment is the seventh day of the week it can not be lost as long as the weekly cycle endures; and that it never has been lost; is attested by the fact that the week Ha always been known among almost all nations. Rev. Thos. Hamilton, A. M., of BelfaS`; in his prize essay, " Our Rest," published by the Sabbath Alliance of Scotland, tes: tifies that even the Chinese formerly had; not only the septenary division of days, but that they knew and to some extent ob: served the original Sabbath. Seventy-five out of one hundred and seven ancient,  languages, reveal a knowledge not only of the weekly cycle but of the Sabbath, the last day of that cycle. On this subject Rev. Dr. Lewis has eloquently said:Š The nations that spoke many of these languages have long since gone from the earth. But the words of their mother tongue embalm their thoughts and practices as ineffaceable and unmistakable monu-ments showing the identity of the week and of the Sabbath. Tides of emigration have swept hither and thither over the earth. Empires have risen, flourished, and fallen, but the week has endured, amid all convulsions and changes. . . . Philology has done for the truth concerning God's eternal Sabbath, what cuneiform inscriptions, and mummy pits, are doing for general and national history. All of which facts support the state-ment, that the week is an imperishable monument to the true Sabbath. That the week has not been lo.ost this side of the Christian era need not even be as-serted, in view of the facts already given. Even the tyro in history knows that such a thing would have been impossible. It follows, that unless we find in the Bible authority for keeping as the Sabbath a day other than the seventh day of the week, as we now have it, the claim that Sunday is the Sabbath utterly fails for want of even an excuse for ever having had an existence. C. P. B. A Plea Before a Georgia Jury. THE Roman Catholic Church claims to have attempted the change of the day of religious observance. Admissions in favor of truth from the ranks of its ene- mies constitute the highest kind of evi- dence,Štherefore when Catholics them-selves admit and declare their attempt to change the day, need we question their having done so ? To support this Mr. McCutchen quoted from Roman Catholic publications,Š" Catholic Catechism of Christian Religion," " Catholic Christian Instructed," " Abridgment of Christian Doctrine," and other authorities. He then proceeded substantially as follows :Š " This is sufficient to show who at-tempted the change of the day, and also the purpose of the Catholics in publishing this to the worldŠit is to show the incon- sistency of Protestants. I hold in my hand a pamphlet of thirty-two pages on this Sabbath question, recently issued by the Catholic Mirror, of Baltimore, Md., the whole of which is taken up in show-ing that the Catholics did change the day, and challenging the Protestant world to show any scriptural authority for a change. Listen to the concluding paragraphs thrown out to the Protestants :Š The Protestant world at its birth found the Chris-tian Sabbath too strongly entrenched to run counter to its existence; it was therefore placed under the ne-cessity of acquiescing in the arrangement, thus imply-ing the church's right to change the day, for over 300 years. The Christian Sabbath is therefore to this day the acknowledged offspring of the Catholic Church, as spouse of the Holy Ghost, without a word of remon-strance from the Protestant world. Let us now, however, take a glance at our second proposition, with the Bible alone as the teacher and 