188 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. The same argument would justify also laws requiring all corporations to suspend business on Sunday. They are creatures of the State, and the State is in a measure responsible for their actions; if, therefore, the Chicago Fair should be closed on Sun-day in the interests of the Sabbath-keeping idea, all public business should cease on the same day for the same reason. In short, the Recorder's logic would justify not only all the Sunday legislation at present on the statute books of the States, but all that has ever been asked for, both State and national. Our conception of the Sabbath is that it is a sign between God and his people. Its purpose is to keep God in mind as the Creator of all things. Its observance is worship of the divine Being. This is the only Sabbath idea or principle worth pre-serving, but it is an idea entirely foreign to civil government, an idea that the State has no more right to foster than it has to cultivate any other religious cult. In 1829-30, when Congress was asked to suspend the Sunday mails, Seventh-day Baptists in New Jersey very properly re-monstrated against the passage of such a bill, on the ground that it would be made a precedent for others of the same kind, and more alarming; would pave the way to a union of Church and State; . . . would be the deathblow to our civil and religious liberties, . . . and end in the worst of all tyranny-"an ecclesiastical hierarchy." The danger was no greater then than it is now, and we marvel that Seventh-day Baptists, of all people, do not see it now even as they did then. The friends of a legal Sunday are doing their utmost to secure official recognition of Sunday as a sacred day. They are determined that the Government shall in some way be committed to the defense of Sunday as a religious institution; that it shall become a party to a religious controversy. The question therefore with us is not shall the Fair be closed on Sunday ? but shall the matter be so manipulated by the advocates of a legal Sunday as to practically make the Government the tool of a religious cult ? C. P. B. A Catechism on Religious Liberty. 1. Is religious liberty a civil right or a privilege ? 2. Is it the right to worship, privately or publicly, according to the dictates of one's own conscience ? 3. Is it also the right not to worship ? 4. Of whose conscience is this the right to worship or not to worship ? 5. Is it the right of a heathen con-science ? If not, why not ? 6. Is this right of conscience subject to the whims of "popular majorities"? 7. Has civil government any rightful control of conscience and belief-? 8. Has government the right to pre-scribe any religious duty to its citizens ? 9. Has it the right to appoint solemn days of fasting and prayer ? 10. Has the President of the United States, in his official capacity, the right to appoint days of thanksgiving ? If so, why ? 11. Has our government the right to favor Mohammedanism ?-Buddism ? 12. Has it the right to favor any relig-ion, denomination, or member thereof ? 13. Has it the right to extend special favors to Christianity ? 14. Has it the right to furnish 'salaried positions to preachers, who cannot find such employment otherwise, simply be-cause they are preachers ? 15. Has it the right to pay for religious instruction for its soldiers, criminals, schools, or legislatures ? 16. Has it a, right to exempt church property from taxation ? 17. Has it the right to exempt any indi-vidual from the penalty of violating law because of his peculiar religious convic-tions ? 18. Ought Sunday laws to exempt any person for conscientious reasons ? 19. Has government the right to pass any law which, when applied to all with-out exemption, would infringe any one's civil rights ? 20. Has government the right to punish any person, or deprive him of the free use of his time and labor, except for crime ? 21. Is any practice-religious or secular -which does not interfere with the equal rights of all really a crime ? 22. Has government the right to make such a practice criminal ? 23. Has it the right to prohibit polyg-amy ? Why ? 24. Has government the right to pro-hibit mariolatry and the worship of the crucifix, or of the images of saints ? 25. Has it the right to prohibit idolatry ? 26. Has it the right to prohibit the pub-lic condemnation of such practices, when this is not done in the special places of such worship ? 27. May it rightfully punish any person for denying the existence of a Supreme Being ? 28. Has it the right to punish blas-phemy ? 29. Has it the right to punish any per-son for quietly observing one day in seven as the Sabbath ? 30. Has it the right to compel or to com-mand him to observe it as such ? 31. May it rightfully punish him for not observing it ? 32. Has it a right to require total rest of citizens in private life on legal holidays ? 33. Has it the right to require any such person to cease from his ordinary labor on every day of the week ?-on any day ? 34. Has it the right to pass laws requir-ing such a person to rest from his ordi-nary labor on Sunday, either as a holiday or sacred day ? 35. Has government the right to pro-hibit disturbance of public meetings for  worship or secular purposes ?-On any day ? 36. Will a certain act or form of labor disturb worship in churches more on Wednesday than on Sunday ? 37. Under the same conditions will it disturb more on Sundays than on other days ? 38. Who is responsible for changed con-ditions on Sunday, if any ? 39. Are religious people more liable to be disturbed on Sunday than on other days ? If so, why ? 40. Has government the right to pass laws under which one person may prose-cute another for offending his distinctive religious sentiments ? 41. Can government take cognizance of one's personal religious opinions as a right-ful basis of his prosecution of another ? 42. Did Christ teach his followers to per-secute or prosecute unbelievers in their doctrines ? 43. Is an immoral thought or act more immoral if it occurs on a particular day of the week ? A crime more criminal ? 44. May an act which does not disturb church worship be a crime on one day of the week but not on other days ? 45. Would such an act of disturbance be a crime because it disturbed the public meeting, or because it occurred on Sun-day 46. Does the criminality of an act de-pend on the day of the week when it is committed ? 47. In principle, is the " Sunday sa-loon" worse than the Wednesday saloon ? The Sunday barber shop ? Sunday milk ? If so, why ? 48. Is it morally or civilly wrong for daily newspapers to publish on Saturday and Monday matter which ought not to be published or read on Sunday ? 49. Is it wrong for the same matter to appear in the Sunday newspaper ? If so, why ? 50. Is the newsboy more responsible for the circulation of the Sunday paper than is the pressman, compositor or editor ? 51. When is the Sunday newspaper pub-lished ? 52. Do Christians read them ? If so, why ? 53. If. Christians do not read them, are they responsible for what others choose to read on Thursday or Sunday ? 54. Can government punish a man for the mental state of covetousness ? 55. Can government properly legislate on the subject matter of the last com-mandment of the Decalogue ? Why not ? 56. Can government punish every word and act of disrespect to parents, or every misrepresentation of one's neighbor ? 57. Then can it rightfully attempt by legislation to reach all offenses covered by the fifth and ninth commandments of the Decalogue ? 58. May it unquestionably legislate 