"F9ual and exact Justice to all Ivien, or Whatever state or Persuasion, peligious or Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, MARCH 30, 1893. NUMBER 13. American Sentinel. PUMMELED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. C111 WAILLIANMP...SOMLCLMKEINE: ASSOCIATE EDITORS, THOSE who advocate a theocratical form of government in the present age, must necessarily espouse a form of human ab-solutism. It is not within the present possibilities that any one-man power can be a perfect exponent of governmental righteousness any more than can a privi-leged aristocracy or an irresistible major- ity. Ł WHEREVER the human element enters, imperfection must exist. The more ir-responsible to his fellows the possessor of absolute power is, the more dangerous will he be to the peace and welfare of those over whom he rules. The irre-sponsibility of the multitude which is set to do evil, and to shield itself from indi-vidual accountability under the theory of a corporate soul in the body politic, amen-able to God and not liable to man, is still a greater danger. Governmental right-eousness in human governments is there-fore nothing but a religio-political fiction. It can not exist in reality. The conditions make it impossible. Righteousness is a personal attribute, and can not be predi-cated collectively. To say that government is from God is not saying that earthly governments are administered by the divine Giver him-self. All life is from God, but all lives are not directed by him according to his will. The responsibility of directing his life according to God's will lies with each individual, and this responsibility is not limited by his own individuality but ex-tends to his relations with his neighbor, and this comprises his individual influ-ence in all government,Šmunicipal, State, national, and international. IT might be possible to make a com-posite photograph, in which should be combined the facial characteristics of every American citizen. This might be  called the typical American,Šbut no such being would have an existence. It might indeed, be called a counterfeit present-ment, for the original itself never drew breath. It would be a fiction of the camera. So, the nation as a composite, sentient, responsible, being, is a present-ment of the mental vision, and an intel-lectual fiction created for the convenience of human thought and expression, and not to be confounded with realities. It has always been the fatal error of the human intellect in the periods of its high-est development, to mistake theory for fact. In the pride of intellectual power, the creations of the mind are given life, endowed with intelligence, weighted with responsibility, perhaps even deified and raised to the throne of godhood. This is the highest possible development of idol-atry. The civilized peoples of the world have reached this stage of misconception of civil affairs, and are covering them-selves with that impossible thingŠthe governmental righteousness of national Christianity. UPON whom, then, does the responsibil-ity for good government rest ? Upon God ? Upon that fiction of the religious mind,--the Christian nation ?Š or upon the individual civilians who constitute the body politic ? It can not be that the responsibility devolves upon God, for in that case the responsibility would be met and all governments would be perfect; and imperfect man would be absolved from all participation in their creation or their administration. The role of obedience would be the sole part humanity could play. The responsibility can not rest with the " Christian nation " for there is no such real being; it is not an entity but a nonentity; and a nonentity, a fiction, can not create itself, be responsible for and administer its affairs, and be a means of salvation to itself and its subjects. Upon the individual citizens, then, the responsibility for good government rests. The government will be that which they make and maintain. The citizens are not gods. They can delegate no divine right. They can not, therefore, give to any one the privilege of ruling by divine right. Consequently no theocracy can proceed from them. A democratic form of gov-ernment is by all the people for all the  people,Šrepublicanism is but a modified democracy. A theocracy is a government by the power and authority of God alone. The two can not subsist at the same time in the same place. One or the other must prevail. BUT man can not establish a theocracy. It depends upon the will of God whether He will assume temporal authority or not. That is what the Jews would have had Christ do, but he said to them: " My kingdom is not of this world." If his kingdom is not of this world, any one who raises a temporal standard in his name is a pretender. No such pretense of divine right is supported by the Word of God. On the contrary, the world is earnestly warned against such pretend-ers. Those who claim to rule by such right must do so from ulterior purposes,Šin order that their selfish absolutism may be fixed upon what they hope to make an unassailable foundation. The man or the government which claims to rule by divine right, must assume to be the vicegerent of God, and be delegated to speak for him. In that case there can be no appeal from the decisions of the ruler; to ques-tion their authenticity or their rightful-ness would be blasphemy. Such a ruler, whether an individual or governing assembly, by claim of divine right, must also claim to be the vicegerent of God and speaking and acting for him, in his place, be infallible. Infallibility is not a human attribute. He who is fallible can not rule in the place of God, and as there are no human beings who are not fallible, no man or body of men can rule in the place of God, and humanity can not raise a theocracy. THEY who assume to rule in a pretended theocracy lay claim thereby to divine at-tributes, and deify themselves. This is the highest development of blasphemy, and they who yield obedience to such false claimants are idolaters. It makes no difference whether this false claim is made by a pope, a czar, an emperor, a king, a parliament, a congress, a religious aris-tocracy, a religious oligarchy, or a reli-gious majority, the same reasoning holds good. In either case that which is sought is a human despotism, and if the religious rule of either is more dangerous than that 