THE SENTINEL OP LIBERTY. 583.  attempt to force our political system upon any part of the Old World." Be it even so. One voice and one alone is wafted down from the days of the forefathers. The silent artillery of time has mown them down, but from their very sepulchres their warning voices say to the sons and daughters of the Republic: "THE PEOPLE SHALL DWELL ALONE, AND SHALL NOT BE RECKONED AMONG THE NATIONS." PERCY T. MAGAN. MUST CHRISTIANS DIE FOR THE GOOD OF THE STATE ? Written by a clergyman of the Seventh-day Adventists. IT must be admitted by all that the power of civil government is the sword, and any person who per-sists in rebelling against the law of the state must be banished, imprisoned, or suffer death.,. The law must be sustained regardless of the life, liberty, or happiness of the transgressor. It makes no differ-ence from the state's view-point what the character of the law may be; if, it remains upon the statute books it must be enforced when occasion demands. Again, it is conceded by the advocates of Sun-day laws that those who by faith in Christ keep the seventh day or Saturday as the Sabbath, with all the other precepts of the moral code, are Christians. We have been told this many times by our oppo-nents when we were trying to show them the evils of Sunday legislation. " Oh," say they, " we believe you are a Christian people, and that a person who keeps Saturday conscientiously is just as good a Christian as one who keeps Sunday, but then we must have a Sunday law to preserve the morals of the state." Now, let us note the legitimate result of their course of action. You are a Christian, it is admitted, if you keep the seventh-day Sabbath and believe on Christ. A Christian is one who has Christ formed within, " the hope of glory " (Col. I : 27), one in whom God works to will and to do according to his own good pleasure (Phil. 2: 13). He has Christ abiding in him (John 15: 4). Of all such Jesus says, " Inas-much as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethern, ye have done it unto me " (Matt. 25: 4o). Then when we punish a Christian, who are we in reality punishing? Are we not punishing Christ himself in the person of one of his brethren? All must admit that we are. Then when one of these little ones keeps the Sabbath according to the corn- mandment (Luke 23: 56), and refuses to keep the papal Sunday, and our Sunday-law advocates say, :‚ We have a law, and by our law he ought to die," who are they killing, according to their own admis-sion? Suppose Christ were here in person and would refuse to keep the pagan Sunday, would not the same law that would imprision his followers nail him to the cross again or dispose of him in some way? We all, know that it would. There are three positions, one of which our Sun-day-law advocates must take: I. They must decide that a person who by faith in Christ keeps the seventh-day Sabbath according to the commandment, with the other pine precepts of the moral law just as God wrote them with his own finger and spoke them with his own voice, are deceived and led by a wrong spirit and are unworthy to be recognized as citizens of any government; or- 2. If they acknowledge such persons to be Chris-tians, then they must take the position that for the sake of sustaining a pagan Sunday law to preserve the morals of the state the majority of Christians have a right to fine, imprison, banish, or put to death the minority of Christians who refuse obedience to a law that deprives them of their inalienable rights; Or- 3. They must admit that they themselves are do-ing the work of the evil one. We leave them to choose which alternative of the dilemma they prefer, but we are well aware which one of them the majority will choose. J. F. BALLENGER. THE RELIGION WHICH PERSECUTES. NOTHING can be more fatal, even to moral growth and spiritual progress, than a stereotyped immo-bility--that blind and narrow stagnation in the in-fallibility of opinionated ignorance, which delivers brawling judgments all day long on all things, un-ashamed, and which has always been as character-istic of imperfect and narrow religionists as it was'of the " priests and Pharisees and hypocrites " in the days of our Lord. The example of those days, even if they stood alone, would "be sufficient to show us that men, in the name of religionŠand even while they claim to be the sole faithful supporters of true religionŠare capable of committing in the name of the religion which they profess, the deadliest of crimes. If any other instances were wanting we may 