94 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. secure the help of every element that can be en-listed in favor of prohibition? The very fact that the so-called Prohibition party will not work for prohibition alone, is proof that the religio-political managers of that party are only using the prohi-bition issue as a stepping-stone to the establish-ment of their power, and the subordination of the civil to the ecclesiastical power." Plain Truth. THE following from Plain Truth, a religious and educational paper published in San Marcos, Cal. has the right ring to it :Š " We do not object to a law forbidding, on Sun-day, whatever is a public nuisance or crime on other days of the week; but whatever is morally right on other days cannot properly be out-lawed on Sunday, simply because it is Sunday. If it is morally right to play base-ball, race,horses or fight for prizes on Monday, it should not be unlawful on Sunday. On the other hand, what-ever may make these things objectionable on Monday, should be the same on Sunday. It is not the day but the deed that is subject to legis-lation. " We are not speaking now of what Christians should do on that day, or of what they should allow done on their private premises. But our own conscience, not civil law, should govern us in such cases; and if only the consciences of men are disturbed by any action of one's self or an-other, the civil law has nothing to do with the case. We have laws already which will not allow a man to "disturb the peace" unnecessarily. Such laws are necessary. But when a law says you shall not carry on your private business or pleasure, in a quiet, peacrble manner, on your own or public premises, and without interfering with the rights of others in the least, but because another man's conscience forbids, then that law has usurped the place of conscience, and is, and should be, unconstitutional." This is the same kind of plain truth that the AMERICAN SENTINEL teaches. Ł Ł   THEY tell us that they want the Sunday law because one day of rest in seven is a physical ne-cessity. Grant it; then what? From five to seven hours of sleep in twenty-four is a physical necessity. Any physician will say that a man who gets regular r,st every night, but works seven days in the week, will last longer than the man who rests every seventh day, but gets only half as much sleep as he ought to each night. Now if a Sunday law is necessary, why is not a night law equally necessary ? If we are going to legis-late for the man who doesn't know enough to rest when he is tired, why not take in the man who doesn't sleep at the time designed by nature for sleep, as well as the man who doesn't rest on Sunday, possibly because he has already rested? SAYS a correspondent of the St. Louis Chris-tian Advocate: "If the Postmaster-General will issue an order prohibiting the handling and the transportation of the mails on Sunday, and Con-gress will prohibit by law the carrying by com-mon carriers of passepgers and freight from one State to another on Sunday, State laws and relig-ious teaching can be trusted to do the rest toward restoring the sanctity of the Sabbath." Just so. If Caesar will lend his help, the Lord may be able to look out for and preserve his own. Is that it ? That's what they say ; but if they  believed that the Sunday really were the Lord's day, they would be willing to trust it entirely to the Lord. As a matter of fact. however, they leave the Lord out of the question entirely. The heads of the departments, Congress, the various State Legislatures, and the churches, are to com-bine to do the work. But one thing is shown most clearly by the foregoing extract, and that is that what they want of the State and Nation is help in making Sun-day a SabbathŠnot simply a " civil Sabbath," but a sacred Sabbath. They aspire to impart sanctityŠa thing which only divine power can do. In short, they want the State to take the place of God. Is It Destruction? THE Church News, published at Duluth, Minn., says of Sunday : " We defend the day as a friend to the working masses, and he who would destroy it is an enemy of men and society and the Na-tion." This is said with reference, to those who have been circulating petitions asking Congress not to enact Sunday laws. The Church News, like a great many of its class, is considerably off its base. There has no effort been made to de-stroy the Sunday as a rest day, and least of all by the AMERICAN SENTINEL OT those who are work-ing with it. We respect every man's religious con-victions. We recognize everybody's right to rest on whatever day he pleases, without hin-drance; and we should most vigorously protest against a law, if it were possible to think of such an one being proposed, which would even tend to hinder men from resting on Sunday if they wished to. Is it trying to destroy the Sunday institution to say that it should not be enforced upon those whose conscience and reason cry out against it. Is it destroying the Sunday institution to say that everybody should be left as free as air to rest upon it or not, just as they choose. If so, then the day is not worth saving. If so few people have any regard for the day that it would be lost sight of as a rest-day without a law compel-ling people against their will to observe it, then when such a law should be passed, it will show that this country is no longer a pure democracy, but an oligarchy. They say a great deal about the right of their majority to rule; we do not admit that right; much less do we admit the right of a minority to make laws to compel everybOdy to do just as they do. Ł  IN no country and in no age was it ever known that anybody was forced to receive Christian bap-tismŠimmersion. Never was anybody ever forced to partake of the Lord's Supper, as the Lord him-self instituted it. No State ever compelled a man to acknowledge that Jesus Christ is the only be-gotten Son of God. In short, secular power has never been employed in the propagation of things plainly commanded in the Bible, or, of pure and undefiled religion. Whenever force has been used in connection with any religious custom, it has always been in favor of some perversion of the truth, as in the Roman Catholic mass. It can be set down as a fact that a religion that could claim the approval of Heayen, that bore its credentials, and that could find its way to the hearts of people by the power of the Holy Spirit, never asked civil rulers for any assistance. Think of this, and make the application in the present movement for a National Sunday law. FROM the Chicago Globe of March 4 we clip the following utterance at the Sunday-law meet-ing in that city, March 3 :Š " Bishop Fallows said that they did not want a German Sunday or an American Sunday, but a Sunday according to the law of God. They were entitled to it by the decrees of the Almighty as well as by the laws of the country, and by God's grace they were going to have it." Well, if they will wait until the grace of God gives it to them, we shall not utter a word of pro-test. What we object to is their trying to act in the place of God, and claiming that what they get by civil enactment is by the grace of God. And then can anybody tell us how it would be possible to have a Sunday "according to the law of God "? Our somewhat extensive reading of the Bible has not revealed to us anything of the kind. If some of our Sunday friends will tell us briefly how it can be done, we will let our readers have the benefit of their information. Don't all speak at once. THE New York Independent of January 31, 1889, in noticing a late book of Dr. Uhlhorn, of Germany, says :Š " The Roman Catholicism of the day, particularly in Central Europe, is aggressive as never before. And in this aggression it has taken a new depart-ure in method that is as remarkable as it is sur-prising. It means to defeat Protestantism on its own ground and reclaim what it had been tacitly yielding to its old opponent all along. Roman Catholic scholars have entered the arena of scien-tific discussion in the widest sense of the word, with the avowed object of showing that in the light of true research the Church of Rome stands spotless. Roman Catholic writers, at their head the leading German Bishop Ketteler, of Mayence, have endeavored to prove that a return to Rome is the only cure for all the ills that the modern body, social and politic, is heir to." This movement is not confined to Europe; it is also being carried on in the United States. The worst feature of it here is that that which passes for Protestantism is so anxious to help for-ward the efforts of the Romish Church, by joining hands with her and co-operating with her in any way that she may choose. Ł THE Phillipsburg (Kansas) Herald speaks of the Blair Educational Amendment thus:Š " The objection is not to the principles of the Christian religion, but the proposition to confer on certain parties in power the authority to define by law what those principles are. Now on account of the conscientious differences of opinion as to what are, and what are not, essential principles of the Christian religion, would it not be better to leave the Constitution as Washington, Franklin, and the fathers of the republic framed it, and allow everyone to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience? The other feat-ures of the Blair bill seem to be wholesome and unobjectionable. If it passes it will probably be amended in such a way as to avoid the objections alluded to." Very good ; but if the amendment is to be amended, we should prefer to see it done before it is adopted. To let it pass, with the expectation that its objectionable features would afterwards be removed, would be too much like a girl marry-ing a drunkard in hope that she can reform him after marriage. No; whoever objects to the amendment must do their protesting before it is adopted. Not only so, but they 'must let the careless and indifferent know that it is objection-able. Even if there is no immediate danger of its adoption, the- people should be aroused 'to a sense of the danger there is in the fact that such a thing can be seriously considered by a- large body of influential persons. 