60 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Besides, does not THE SENTINEL really join in what we mean by moral when it says, " The most we can do is to insist upon correct deportment," in our public schools ? Correct depo-' dent is nothing more nor less than conduct fashioned after the best ideal common to all. It is not the product, necessarily, of dogmatic the-ology, but of that which is above all sects or forms of religionŠGod and man. And perhaps our opinion on this subject might be strengthened by a clear and reasonable definition of State. We should not look upon the State as " something outside of ourselves " to reign and rule over us, but as ourselves mutually united to secure mutual benefits. The powers that made the State, as commonly defined, can unmake it. And if the human family, especially in a republic, desire that the highest values known to themselves, be taught to their children in their common schoolsŠthe idea of God and the necessi-ties for morals Š have they no right to govern their own affairs ? They confess one to another that opinions of God and theology are, while helpful, not of first importance. But God and morals are of first importance. Upon this ground they all unite. If we dare not breathe the name of God in the school-room for fear of teaching religion or morals, if when asked by the hungry mind of pupils .after authority for all truth and all good, our teachers are to say nothing, then, for one, I am willing to abandon all such systems of public non-instruction. In conclusion, I must insist upon be-lieving that a brain so usually clear and a heart so warm and true as think and beat in the sanctum of THE SENTINEL, Will come to see the.school question as touching morals therein, in a different light. II. 0. HOFFMAN. , Religious Liberty in the University of Michigan. IT may be interesting to the readers of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL to hear some-thing of the interest taken in religious liberty in the largest university in Amer-ica. There are here about twenty-five hundred students,. and all the different departments are well-filled. There are be-tween five and six hundred in the law de-partment, and more than a thousand study-ing the arts and sciences. The popularity of the university is rapidly increasing from year to year, and even the most remote States are well represented. Taking advantage of the discussion which has been raised in reference to a national law compelling the closing of the Columbian Exposition at Chicago in 1893, a large number were canvassed to ascer-tain their views on the question. The result of the canvass showed that about two to one were in favor of allowing each exhibitor to conduct his own affairs, and  did not believe in the Government inter-fering with the question of religion, in 1893, any more than in any other year. The force of the First Amendment declar-ing that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," seems to be appreciated. The opposition is not to closing the World's Fair on Sun-days, but to the interference of the Gov-ernment in the matter. Every one knows that every exhibitor will have the privilege of closing if he so desires, and a law on the subject is simply an attempted inter-ference with the private affairs of the exhibitors. Every one should be left free to follow his own choice in the matter. A law interfering with the same freedom of will by compelling exhibitors to keep open on Sunday, would receive the opposition of the same persons, for the same reasons. A more recent movement is the forma-tion of a society for the discussion and dissemination of the underlying principles of religious liberty. The following quota-tion from the Constitution of the Society will show its object and character :Š ARTICLE II.-OBJECT. The grand object of this Society shall be to aid in the maintenance of American principlesŠthe total separation of religion from civil Government and the conservation of religious liberty in its broadest senseŠby means of lectures, discussions, and the dissemination of literature. ARTICLE IIL-CHARACTER. This Society shall be strictly unsectarian and non-partisan in both principles and methods. ARTICLE IV.-MEMBERS. Any person May become a member of this Society upon receiving a three-fourths vote, by paying the membership fee and signing the Constitution. A more clearly defined idea of the So-ciety may be obtained from the following announcement which has just been issued by it Members of the university, believing that they might stimulate thought by a discussion of the prin-ciples of liberty, characteristic of the American po-litical system, organized the " Religious Liberty Society " on the thirty -first of January last. It is the purpose of this Society to maintain American principles, without compromise, and to apply them to all the functions of GovernmentŠinsuring to every one the equality to which he is entitled. Various tendencies or movements favoring gov-ernmental preference or aid to one or another re-ligion or cult, justify anew the discussions which led to the establishment of our constitutional guaran-tees of religious liberty. The recent decision of the Wisconsin Supreme Coint in reference to reading the Bible in the public schools, the case of R. M. King, being prosecuted for Sunday work, now in the Federal Courts, the Sunday bills in Congress, and other religio-political measures, present a fruitful field for political discussion. Believing the doctrine asserted by Madison, that " among the features peculiar to the political system of the United States, is the perfect equality of rights, a perfect separation between ecclesiastical and civil matters," the Society, is sure, as Madison was, that " religion and government will both exist in greater purity the less they are mixed together." " We are teaching the world," he continued, " the great truth that Governments do better without kings than with them. The merit will be doubled by the other lesson : that religion flourishes in greater purity without, than with, the aid of government." In view of these considerations, it is believed that there is a legitimate sphere for such a society among the others which grow up around a great school, and it is also believed that these purposes will merit the approval of all liberal minds. The Corresponding Secretary of the Society has just issued a book which contains public documents on religious legislationŠespecially the Sunday phaseŠ and the writings and public addresses of some of our greatest statesmen in refer- ence to the question. The editor's preface to the work sets it forth in the following light :Š Political history is a most interesting study; and of all the political history of the world no other has been so full of interest, so filled with matter for thought, as that of America for the last two centu-ries. The irrepressible spirit of liberty in the early Americans, and the philosophical ideas on govern-ment characteristic of the times, united to bring forth a Government more grand, more in accordance with human rights, snore in harmony with the prin-ciples of Christ, than any the world had ever before seen. There is, however, a reaction taking place. And the revival of the religio-political ideas of mediaeval times, the practical operation of which, as declared by the United States Senate, " has been the desola-ting scourge of the fairest portions of the Old World," calls for the republication of American State papers which have marked the successive steps in our polit-ical histdry. The influence of Roger Williams, of Washington, of Jefferson, of Madison, and of their fellow-states-men has been felt throughout the world. The free institutions established by them have made the name "America " a synonym of liberty. Bartholdi's famous " Statute of Liberty," presented to Amer-ica by France, is a fitting tribute to the Utopia of nations. The world has marked with astonishment the un-precedented advancement of American institutions, founded, as they are, upon theories now in accord-ance with the principles of absolute civil and' re- - ligious libertyŠtheories which previous to the estab-lishment of American institutions had existed only in the schools of philosophy ;Štheories evidently deduc-ible from the principles of abstract justice and incon-trovertible logic, but which had never had practical application ' A new Nation, proud of Anglican liberty,Šproud of such Englishmen as Locke, and Sidney, Hamp-den and Pym, Milton and CromwellŠproud of in-suring to the minority their rights, was the first to free itself from the superstitious ideas which had made governments restrict or entirely destroy rights which they were instituted to protect. In striking contrast with the older governments has America stood before an astonished world as a refuge for the persecuted, a home for the oppressed, the land of the free. Shall these institutions, which have thus benefited humanity, be supplanted in this enlightened age by the Church and State dogmas of past centuries ? It is true that some of the States have never given up the idea that religion and the State must have some connection. But, in contrast with this, our national Government declares that " the United States of America, is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion." The American Government is founded upon human rights, upon the rights given to every man -by his' Creator, upon the inalienable rights of life, liberty, and the free exercise of one's faculties. Pagan, and Mahommedan, Gnostic and Agnostic, Jew and Gentile, Catholic_ and Protestant, are all entitled to the unrestricted exercise of their equal rights, and to an impartial protection from the Government in such exercise. These are the principles characteristic, of American institutions, these were the principles of the founders of our Gov-ernment; these are the principles of Anglican lib-erty, and the ideals of Anglican philosophy. 