ERICAN ENTIN 11 Jlil'111{111*i III 11111111,1 IT il ii  1Ati , i 1 * litk I  , 11111,1 i ti ,.1111 it,1  kit li ill ii 111,, t "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, APRIL 8, 1897. Vol.,. 12, No. 14. ' Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. itteirAny one receiving.the American Sentinel without having ordered it way know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) Do THE preachers of this day really believe that crime is a worse thing than sin? If not, why are they fighting crime so much harder than they are fighting sin? It is a fact that the clergy are devoting their ener-gies to the suppression of crime. They are preaching about the prevalence of crime, and calling upon the civil authorities to enforce the laws, or to enact new laws which they deem to be needed. They are discoursing per-sistently upon problems of national, State, and munici-pal government. The religious societies of which they are the leaders are putting forth their strength to get control of the civil power for the suppression, as they believe, of the iniquity which so abounds under the Gov-ernment. All this is too plain to be denied. And in it all,  the clergy are combating crime and not sin. It may be, indeed, that they believe they are com-bating sin. It 'is probable that this work is so regarded by the majority of the people. Nevertheless they are not dealing with sin, as such, at all. They are not even com-bating crime in a proper and effective way. They seek to mix religion with civil enactments, and so to manu-facture, rather than suppress, crime; for, the more reli-gion is incorporated into the civil laws, the more will those laws be infracted by people who do not believe in religion, or whose religious views are different from those embodied in the law. Crime and sin are vastly different things. Crime is the violation of human law; sin is the transgression of the divine law. The divine law is "holy, and just, and good" (Rom. 7:12); it partakes of the attributes of its divine Author. Human law is often unjust, and there-fore neither holy nor good,. A transgression of an, unjust law is not sin. On the other hand, a 'transgression of  the divine law is very often not a crime. The divine lakv embodies the conceptions of Omniscience. It is therefore as much superior to human law as the thoughts of God are superior to those of man. The divine law is "exceed-ing broad" (Ps. 119:96), covering the domain of the thoughts and desires of the heart. Human law can be of force only in the domain of outward conduct, and even there to only a limited extent. Hence a vast difference must exist between the means employed for dealing with these two phases of conduct. For the suppression of crime there exists the machinery oflcivil government, by which are, enforced the penalties of ithe civil law. But this means is altogether inade-quate for dealing with sin. And on the other hand, the purposes of civil government could not be secured by the use of the means instituted for the suppression of sin. Now it must be admitted that from' the standpoint of Christianity sin is a very much worse thing than crime. And as this is the standpoint professedly occupied by the clergy in this country, they must be supposed to hold this view of sin. Why then, we may ask again, do they devote their energies mainly to the combating of crime? Sin cannot be suppressed by legislative enactments, for it cannot be reached by such means. And should all the measures be enacted which the preachers and the religious societies want enacted by Congress and the State legislatures, and should the churches and the religious organizations get possession of all the power for which they are grasping, all this would accomplish nothing to-ward the suppression of sin. The seat of sin is the heart; and :from this secret citadel sin dictates that outward conduct which, when it invades individual rights, is pun-ished by the civil law. The suppression of these out-ward acts does not Ouch the sin that is back of them. The trimming of some of the branches of an evil tree does not in the least hinder the flow of sap from its roots. It must be evident, then, that in calling for the apŁ plication of the civil law to the evils which abound in the 