304; A.TVIDEIELICAW SIEW9PIN-B1_40 Von. 10, No. '3 NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 26,1895. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. A CHICAGO grand jury has refused to indict a Seventh-day Adventist for Sunday work. A LETTER from Rome by a correspondent of the New York World, dated Aug. 20, states that the pope is desirous of transforming the papal delegation at Washington into a nunciature, with diplomatic functions. A papal delegation modeled after that at Wash-ington, is now being established in the city of Mexico, which the pope regards as the first step towards the resumption of diplomatic relations with the Mexican government. THE following was introduced by bill at the session of the Constitutional Convention at Columbia, S. C., by Mr. Taylor, as a proposed section of the new constitution: "No person who denies the being of God, or a future state of reward and punishment, shall hold any office in, the civil department of this State." Whether this or other measures of intolerance shall find their way into the new constitu-tion of that State, will be known shortly. The Medical. Missionary, in noticing what the Independent calls " the infamous Sheats law,' " says: " An act prohibiting white and colored youth from attending school together under penalty of a fine of not less than $150 and not over $500, or imprisonment from three to six months, has recently been passed in Florida. Either patron or teacher violating this law' is subject to the penalty, and this law' applies to any school, public or private. This is not an item of history from the Dark Ages, but the law' goes into effect Sept. 1, 1895." ACCORDING to a circular which the London Daily Telegraph says it has received " through a source amply guaranteeing its' serious in-spiration and practical purpose," leading Cath-olics of Europe have proposed a scheme for restoring the temporal power of the pope, by raising the sum of one billion dollars from Catholics throughout the world, with which to buy the city of Rome and such surrounding territory as may be needed, from the Italian government. As the latter is in very sore financial straits, it is not unlikely that such a proposition if made to it would be favorably received. THE Spanish bull-fight is now bidding strongly for a place among the sports and pastimes of this " Christian nation." The recent exhibition of this kind in Colorado was, it is true, not very successful; but it is now proposed to have one or more in connec-tion with' the Atlanta Exhibition, and accord- ing to the New York World, of Sept. 17, preparations for the fight are now in active progress. The Atlanta Exhibition was opened by President Cleveland, and is an affair of national character and importance. If the proposed bull-fight is held, Georgia will have to depend for its reputation for morality, upon the fact that it has a Sunday law which is exceedingly severe in its penalties upon such as desecrate that day by common work. AND now it is in Montana that the dragon of religious persecution rears one of his hydra heads. August 3, in Butte, a Hebrew was arrested for selling goods without a license, and being too poor to pay his fine, was put into the chain-gang to work it out. Refusing to work on the Sabbath (Saturday), he was put into a dungeon, into which water was pumped so that he could not sit down. Two Seventh-day Adventists called on the mayor to learn the reasons for such treatment, and were told that it did not matter whether a man kept the seventh day or not, if he was in the chain-gang and refused to work on Satur-day, he would have to take the consequences. This only shows very clearly that religious in-tolerance in this country is not sectional, and will be just as bad in those parts supposed to be possessed of a liberal spirit, as in any others. ONE of the Baptist ministers of this city, Thomas Dixon, jr., preached a sermon on the 8th inst., in which, according to the Examiner, "he declared New York is with-out exception the most godless city on the American continent.' He dwelt upon the fact that in the eighty-six Methodist churches there was a gain of only two hundred and forty members during the year,' and that it is much the same with the Baptists and Presbyterians. He grew very dramatic when he shouted the pews dominate the pulpit,' and the collar is so tightly fastened to the pulpit that when you pass by the churches you can only hear a wheeze.' " The Examiner does not agree with Mr. Dixon, but there is nevertheless much truth in what he said. The fact is, the time fore-told in 2 Tim. 4 : 3, 4, has come. " They will not endure sound doctrine; but, having itching ears," they " heap to themselves teachers after their own lusts." Mr. Dixon is sensational, but has told the truth this time. ONE of the great political parties of this State has adopted this as one plank of its platform: " We favor the maintenance of the Sunday law in the interests of labor and mo-rality." That which gave rise to the adoption of this plank, was the effort to close the saloons in this city upon Sunday. It will be observed, however, that nothing is said in the plank about the saloons, or about the liquor traffic in any way; but the party adopting it is pledged by it to the maintenance of the Sun-day law. This shows that the plank is a bid  for the church vote rather than a pledge tliat the party adopting-  it favors the. restriction ,of the liquor traffic.- If it had been intended .airt a temperance measure it,' would hive'-,:been', easy to say, " We faVo the Maintenance enforcement of the excise This Sunday-law to which the party-adapt-ing this plank stands pledged, "forbids; true, the sale of liquor upon Stinday;:14ift likewise forbic1.4 the 'sale..ef ice Oport,04'40;— it also forbids: fishing.-  even ort.rone"s pxiyate premises: It permits the- sale of manufactured tobacco, but prohibits' =the sale .of''seda'-ivater or vichy. A dealer-  niay, or chewing tobacco, but,net, asheetof Taper; a postage-stamp, or an envelope. It is to the maintenance of such a law 'as_ this that this great party stands Pledged 'by 'the adoPtion,,pf,-, this plank, and that " in the interests latter± and morality "!_ Ł ACCORDING to recent advices, Turkish atrocities still continue in Armeiila.-purpose of this modern persecution: is-thua,  stated by a correspondent of the Nei* York World :Š Ask yourselves if the Christian world is to,sit idly by and witness this crusade of persecution which will not end' until 2,000,000 Armenian Christians have been wiped outŠwiped out because they will not abandon Christianity and worship in the Moslem mosques of the Turks. It is impossible to describe the outrages committed by the Kurds and Turkish soldiers. To robbery, arson, torture and murder in the most fiendish forms is added still more revolt-ing crimes against girls and women. Not one is safe, and but few have escaped insult and violence at the hands of Turkish hire-lings. The Armenian persecution is due to the same spirit of bigotry and intolerance that in the Dark Ages manifested itself in the horrors of the Inquisition and the Albigensean and Waldensean crusades; and it is the same spirit that is to-day manifesting itself in the perse-cution of Sabbatarians by means of Suriday statutes. The Armenians are slaughtered be-cause they will not " worship in the Moslem mosques of the Turks." The seventh-day Christians of the world are fined, imprison4 and driven in chain-gangs because they not honor the false sabbath of their " Pret7, estant" neighbors. The difference between persecuting to the death and persecuting to the chain-gang, is in degree' only; Uthe 'prinCi- , ple is the same. A LIMITED number of extra copies of thts paper can'be had at the usual rafeaŠoue Cent' per copy. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of coniicienef5, and is tharefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Chuich and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, Š = $1.00: Address,, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 