160 _.&,1%/1 IC Et,x CA_N I IN-IL' IL,. VoL. 8, No. 20. NEW YORK, MAY 18, 1893, ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THUS far the World's Fair at Chicago has been closed on Sunday, but the ques-tion is not yet definitely settled. The Mail and Express, the great champion of Sunday closing, said in its issue of May 8: It is said that 150,000 persons crowded around the gates of the Chicago Exposition yesterday and were denied admission to the grounds. We should like to believe that this denial was due to a deter-mination on the part of those in control to respect the Sabbath and to keep it holy. But we are afraid the demonstration was organized for the purpose of adding to the strength of the Sabbath-breaking movement, and that the gates were kept closed in order that the work of preparing the exhibits might be hastened. It is feared that there is a plan all arranged for opening the gates every day as soon as the exhibits are all installed. That the surmise of the Mail and Ex-press is probably correct is strongly indi-cated by two facts : First, the working people of Chicago and neighboring cities demand Sunday opening; and second, the Fair threatens to be a financial failure in any event, and will certainly be such if the possible receipts of the twenty-six Sundays are lost to it. CONCERNING the financial prospects of the Fair the New York Sun, of the 8th inst., published the following interesting facts :Š During the first six days at Chicage, including the opening day with its abnormally large attend-ance, the number of paying visitors has averaged 43,600. Leaving the opening day out of account, the average has been about 26,000. But the weather has been bad, and the widespread knowl-edge of the true state of affairs in Jackson Park has more than balanced the attraction of novelty. The average daily attendance at Philadelphia dur-ing the month of May was about 28,000. In order to pay the six per cent. debentures due on the first day of next year, and the bonds secur-ing the city of Chicago's five million loan, and the stock subscriptions amounting to about $5,500,000, the management of the Exhibition needs to take in at the gates more than $15,000,000 over and above running expenses. The running expenses are estimated at $45,000 a day, and the manage-ment vaguely estimates that the receipts from the various concessions will take care of that item. Supposing that this hope is well founded, and that not a dollar of gate money will be needed for operating expenses, it appears that in order to re-turn the money already invested in the beautiful buildings of the White City, the average daily paying attendance at the Chicago Fair at fifty cents a head will have to be from 150,000 to 200, - 000, or from 50,000 to 75,000 more than the aver-age work-day attendance at Paris in 1889, These figures furnish a strong argu-ment in favor of Sunday opening of the Fair, for without the Sunday gate re-ceipts it is impossible that the Exhibition shall be a financial success. The average daily attendance at the Paris Exhibition  of 1889, was 125,000 on work days and , about 300,000 on Sundays. In Chicago probably the difference in favor of Sun-day would be much greater, for in Chi-cago Sunday rest is more general than in Paris, and so more people, in proportion, would be free to attend the Fair on that day in the former than in the latter city. These facts make it certain that those who have money invested in the Fair will leave no stone unturned to secure the opening of the gates upon the day that would yield probably three or four times the amount of gate receipts that the man-agement can hope to realize on other days. But however the question may be finally settled it is likely that no serious effort will be made to open on Sunday until the exhibits are in place and the Whole Fair in better condition than it is at present, for that day affords a very convenient time for doing work that could not be done so well when visitors are present. And for this sort of " Sabbath observ-ance " there was great rejoicing in the Chicago churches on the 7th inst. The Mail and Express of the following day, says:Š Many sermons expressing the gratification of the Christian element of Chicago, in its victory, were preached by ministers of the various denomina-tions yesterday. And the correspondent innocently adds, not apparently seeing any incongruity in it :Š The total number of admissions of employes yesterday [Sunday} was about two thousand. Con-siderable work was done in the Mining and Manu-facturers building. A large force of electricians and wiremen were at work repairing the apparatus for the grand illumination to-night. And that is how the World's Fair is observing the " Christian Sabbath " ON the outside the day was no better observed. It is estimated that one hun-dred and fifty thousand people sought ad-mission to the grounds but were turned away. " Finding that they could not gain admission," says the World, " the crowd filled up the ' Wild West Show,' and overflowed every side-show and fakir attraction within sight of the grounds. The saloons and the less reputable resorts were likewise thronged. There is no evi-dence that the churches had any more attendants than would naturally have sought them had the Fair gates been open. . . . On the financial side the Sunday closing of the Fair will be dis-astrous to the enterprise. From a moral point of view it will be no less a failure." Evidently the words of Hon. J. C. Houk, of Tennessee, to one of his con-stituents, are being realized : " So far as Chicago is concerned I believe the closing of the Fair on Sunday will be the worst thing that could happen to her, for the reason that such closing will keep the great tide of visitors within the city which will offer thousands of inducements to groggeries and other dives to keep either  the front or back door open." Neverthe-less Mr. Houk was one who voted for the Sunday-closing proviso. THE new law for the suppression of Stundists in Russia provides that all chil-dren of Stundists are to be placed under clerical guardians, and are to be baptised in the Orthodox Church. The Stundists are further forbidden to employ Orthodox servants in their meeting-houses, while their graves are to be kept apart from those of members of the Orthodox Church. Finally, their passports are to be so marked as to show that they belong to the Stundist sect. This is something after the manner of dealing with observers of the - Bible Sabbath in this country; in some States they are " permitted " to ob-serve the seventh day, but must keep the first day also. In others " conscientious observers " of the seventh day are exempt from the requirement to keep Sunday, but are liable to arrest, when they must set up their religious practice as a defense, to be passed upon by the court. The principle is the same, it is in either case an assertion of the right of the civil power to supervise and regulate the religion of the individual. As valuable a pocket dictionary as we have seen is the " American Pocket Dic-tionary and Parliamentary Manual," 25 and 50 cents, published by Glenwood Company, 5007 Calumet Ave., Chicago. This dictionary is self-pronouncing and contains over thirty thousand words, with the correct definition of each. The de-partment of foreign words and phrases is exceptionally full and valuable. Sam-ple may be obtained by sending the price, 25 or 50 cents, according to bind-ing wanted, to the publishers. Battle Creek Creek Sanitarium Health Foods. THE managers of the Sanitarium Health Food Co. wish to announce to their old patrons and friends that their principal health foods are now manufactured and sold at the Rural Health Retreat, St. Helena, Cal. Several of our leading foods, including Granola, are also manufactured and sold at Union College, College View, Neb. Neither Granola nor any other of our health foods are manufactured by other parties than those mentioned above, except ourselves. SANITARIUM HEALTH FOOD CO., BATTLE CREEK, MICH. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, 7. - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, 44 25 to 99 " " " "  100 to 249 " " " " 46 64 250 to 499 " " " " " 66 500 to 999 " " " " ,. " 1000 or more 44 64 44 " To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - - - gr.  - - .. . - 75c'  - - - 70c.  - - 65c' .. .. - 60e.  5 shillings: Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 