11 ?cr .b,1.4,4,. 07  z592 NEW YORK, APRIL 28, 1892. triraritil 136 THE A_NIERICAN SENTINEL. Vol, 7, No. 17. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some . friend, unless plainly marked " Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL ought to have a large circulation in Pennsylvania for a year to come. The Sunday law of that State is now being discussed by every-body, and THE SENTINEL ought to find its way into thousands of homes in the Keystone State immediately. Š0Š "CAPT. R. H. PRATT," says the Catho-lic Review, "has not yet been dismissed from the Army, although the President must be aware of the unjustifiable and malicious attack that officer made on the Catholic Church." Very remarkable, in-deed Does the Review really think that Captain Pratt could be, or that he ought to be, dismissed for his reflections on the Catholic Church ? Š0Š THE Mail and Express occasionally says a good thing, and here is one of them :Š The police represent the law; the ministers the gospel. The police should prevent the commission of crime; the ministers should convert the crimi-nals. To turn them about and make them go the other wayŠthat is conversion. That is the secret and the power of the gospel. If Mr. Shepard and his fellows would only remember this, and act upon it, and let the police and the ministers each carry on their work in their own sphere, the State would be no worse than it is now; crime would be no more prevalent; but the Church would be very much more efficient, and more souls would be converted to Christ. One trouble in these days is that the ministers are in a sense becoming policemen; and they want the police to, at least, become aids to the ministers. The really desirable thing would be to have honest men for policemen, and for minis-ters men who know the power of God to change the heart. Š0Š Our Country remarks that " the de-mand for opening the World's Fair on Sunday is confined chiefly to a portion of the population of Chicago, and even there probably a minority. There is hardly a State in the Union where the great major-ity of the people do not favor the closing of its gates on the day of rest." All thistmay be true, but how anybody happens to know positively that it is so is something not easily understood. The assurance, not to  say impudence, of those who demand Sunday closing is phenomonal. What right has even a majority, no matter how large, to say to the corporation organized under the laws of the State of Illinois, known as " The World's Exposition of Eighteen Hundred and Ninety-two," to say they must close the Fair on Sunday? They have just the same right to dictate to the Fair corporation that they have to require individuals to observe Sunday, and that is just none at all. Š0Š THE Board of Aldermen, of New York, adopted a resolution closing the city de-partments on Good Friday. Remarking upon this fact a Catholic paper says : " That action should become general, so that the day of redemption should every-where be marked by a cessation of busi-ness." The next thing then would be a law prohibiting labor or business on that day. And why not? There would be the same justification for it that there is for such Sunday restrictions. Š0Š THE Christian Statesman complains that the Academy of Music, in Brooklyn, was recently rented to Colonel Ingersoll for a Sunday evening lecture, and that " among those present to aid him and the proprietors of the Academy in breaking the Sabbath, was Mayor Boody, said to be a Presbyterian, and District Attorney Ridgeway." THE SENTINEL has not the slightest sympathy with Ingersoll's views, but would like to ask if freedom of speech is also to be sacrificed to the Sunday Mo-loch ? Š0Š THE recent Pittsburg Sunday Conven- tion adopted this among other resolu- tions :Š Resolved, That we denounce the publishing and sale of Sunday newspapers as an infraction of the laws of this commonwealth, and that we enter our emphatic protest against the buying and reading of Sunday newspapers as a sin against God, and des-ecration of the sanctities of the Sabbath, and an injury to the home and society; and that we pledge ourselves to do all in our power to suppress this evil by not only refusing to buy and read Sunday editions, but still further refusing to become patrons on any day of the papers that publish Sunday editions. Why did they not go one step farther and boycott also every one who would not boycott the Sunday paper ? That is the next step, and not a long one either. Š0Š IN the preface to his revised edition of " Sabbath for Man," Rev. W. F. Crafts says :Š As Columbus and other explorers of his period were accustomed to set up a cross in each new land discovered, in anticipation of conquering it for some Christian kingdom, so our Lord's day has been set up in every land of our world as a monu-ment of its anticipated conquest for its divine Lord-There is no other token of Christian unity, of world unity, like this oft-recurring, everywhere present Lord' day, dedicated to the universal Lord-ship of Christ. Every week, for forty-eight hours, this fiery, cloudy pillar, the Sabbath's day and  night, moves around our revolving world in token of possession. As one has suggested, it is as if a monarch sent a messenger every week to all his subjects to touch each one of them upon the shoulder and remind him that his lord would have him remember to be loyal. Controversy has led some of us who believe that the Lord's day is also the Christian Sabbath, to slight the former title, because some who use it make each selfish sinner " the son of man," who is "lord of the Sabbath," and separate the day from the decalogue. But the Lord's day in its proper use, is the more regnant term, the sign in which we are to conquer. All this by the great leader in the move-ment for the " civil Sabbath," the "Amer-ican Sabbath," the " Weekly Independ-ence Day," and so on ad nauseam. Š0Š " ONE of the best correctives of wild theories, both in social science and in. religious things," says the Western Re-corder, "is a thorough knowledge of his-tory. It will teach men that their theories are not new, show the weakness of those theories arid their dangerous tendency." In the main this is true, but there are exceptions to it. There is nothing which history paints so black as it does so-called National Reform, and yet its votaries are unable to read the lesson aright. The apostle said that blindness " in part " had happened unto Israel; had he been writing of National Reformers, truth would have compelled him to testify that the blindness was total, and from a human standpoint, hopeless. The Lord will one day con-vince them of their error. It may be however too late to do them any good. Š0Š IN a "memorial" which the Woman's Christian Temperance Union have been sending up to the Commissioners of the Columbian Exposition, praying that the gates of the Exposition be closed on Sun-day, they say, " If opened we believe it will be a severe blow to religion." This shows that it is religion, Sunday religion, over which they are concerned, and which they want the Commissioners to help drive people into by closing the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday. And this only again lets the bottom out of the " civil Sabbath " plea and the great " to do " about Sunday legislation in the inter-ests of the workingman. Š0-- A BILL has been introduced in the Leg-islature of Kentucky to prohibit the play-ing of football or baseball on Sunday. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s, Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 