584 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Sabbath altogether by means of a universal death decree against those who keep the Sabbath and refuse to honor the Sunday by yielding obedience to man made laws for its observance, for he knows that as long as men keep holy the Sabbath there will be true worshipers of God in the earth. The whole religious world will be concerned in this diabolical work. Spiritualism, which is but paganism revived, will lend its hand and testimony to the move-ment. The papacy, which from long experience knows so well how to deal with those it pronounces heretics, will act a leading part. And apostate protestantism will join hands with both in this last great conflict be-tween truth and error, between light and darkness, be-tween Christ and Satan. THE TRIPLE ALLIANCE. This, dear reader, is the triple alliance to which we refer at the beginning of this article. Satan will unite and employ all the great apostasies in the final conflict. Like the gathering of the Roman army about Jerusalem before its destruction, this triple alliance, and the death decree which will come out of it, will be the signal for God's people to flee from the cities and villages before his final judgments are poured out upon the wicked inhabit-ants of the world in the seven last plagues. This is what is coming, and it is already shaping it-self. We are living in a day of "triple alliances;" but Satan has in store the greatest triple alliance of all,Šone which will take in the whole world. These three great apostasies which will compose this alliance, are the three powers referred to under the sixth plague, in the following language: "And I saw three un-clean spirits like frogs come up out of the mouth of the dragon, and out of the mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false prophet. For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of the great day of God Almighty." Rev. 16: 13, 14. Reader, have nothing to do with this confederating of theŁ three great religions of the world. It is of the devil. "Say ye not, A confederacy, to all them to whom this people shall say, A confederacy; neither fear ye their fear, nor be afraid. Sanctify the Lord of hosts himself; and let him be your fear, and let him be your dread." Isa. 8:12, 13. Then you will be just as safe from all harm as were the Christians who fled from Jerusalem and Judea in A.D. 70. "But pray ye that your flight be not ih the winter, neither on the Sabbath day." Matt. 24:20. THE Secretary of War has sent orders to General Lawton, in command at Santiago, directing that no money be paid by him in settlement of the claims pre-sented by Roman Catholic bishops of that city for the salaries hitherto paid them by Spain. Spain and Her Methods.ŠNo. 3. BY MRS. FLORENCE A. BARNES, M. D. The tribunals of the Incas were conducted in such a way that the judges and lawyers could not get rich over disputes. They were obliged, says the historian, to de-termine a suit in five days from the time it was brought before them. Yet there were provisions for the security of justice. A committee investigated the character of the magistrate at intervals, and any neglect of duty was punished in a most efficient manner. The lower courts making monthly returns to the higher ones, and these in like manner to the viceroys, the monarch could from these reports, look over and know his most distant people. Laws were few but severe. They related to criminal matters. Theft, adultery, and murder were capital crimes. Blasphemy against the sun, and the Inca, was also punished with death. Removing landmarks or turning water away from a neighbor's land to one's own, burning a house,Šall these were severely punished. To burn a bridge was death. The laws were simple and the application plain. With an honest judge cases were liable to -be determined correctly. The inspection of a board of visitors, and the monthly returns of the tri-bunals afforded a strong guarantee of their integrity. Thus the evil of a long protracted suit was avoided, in which the man who wins is often financially ruined when he pays his lawyer's fees. The property laws were the most remarkable of the Peruvian polity. Here the historian is very accurate. The territory was divided in three parts, one for the sun, another for the Inca, and the last for the people. The lands devoted to the sun furnished the support of the temple and costly ceremonies. Those given to the Inca supported the royal state and supplied the various needs of the government. The remainder was divided in equal shares amongst the people. The law made it necessary-that every Peruvian should marry at a certain age, at which event the district in which he lived pro-vided him with a house and a piece of land large enough for the support of himself and wife. An Ł additional amount was granted for every child. This division was renewed every year and the possession of the tenant was increased or diminished according to the number in the family. The whole territory was cultivated by the peo-ple. The land belonging to the sun was first attended to; then the land of the old and sick, the widow and the orphan, and of the soldiers actually in service. The people cultivated their own ground each for himself, but under a general obligation to assist his neighbor if it seemed necessary. Lastly they cultivated the land of the Inca. This was done with great ceremony by the whole people in a body. A similar arrangement was carried out in the manufactories and in the weaving of their fabrics. Oc- 