ittAiton Id, 1808. Alt/MitiCAN gmsViNimt,. 83 to provoke breaches of the peace, but that he would prohibit all discussion that in-volved a denial of the fundamental prin-ciples of Christianity, no matter how elevated its tone from a literary stand-point. This would involve a religious censorship of the entire press of the coun-try, and utterly destroy all freedom of religious discussion. Discussion could not pass the limit. It could involve neither a denial of Christ's divinity nor of the obli- gation of the divine law as recognized by the civil law. The bishop says :Š And these limits I would set not only as regards the discussion of His nature and his character, but also as regards the discussion of his command-ments. Let me illustrate my meaning here by reference to the two great sacraments of the Chris-tian religion, baptism and the Supper of the Lord. These were unquestionably ordained by Christ him-self. And they are accounted "as generally nec-essary to salvation." Yet how largely are they ignored by people living in these United States. And how flippantly, oftentimes, is the question of their obligation discussed! The question, I submit, is beyond the legitimate limits of a religious dis-cussion. It is treasonable to the King of kings, and thus becomes in itself irreligious. I am quite prepared to admit that there are some points in regard to the sacraments which may be legitimately discussed, e. g. the mode of baptism. But as to their necessity, there is no room for de-bate. That question has been settled, and who-ever, by argument or by practice, shows disrespect to such a fundamental principle of the Kingdom puts himself out of court, and is, I repeat it, guilty of treason. It is not an open question. In fact, it has never been anything else but a closed question, except as those who are rebellious have dared to debate it. How long would the bishop permit a discussion of the mode of baptism? If the principle were to prevail that the great majority had a right to forbid the denial of the necessity of any baptism at all, would not the same majority have an equal right to forbid a denial of the ne-cessity of a particular mode of administer-ing the ordinance ? It certainly would have just the same right in the one case as in the other. But the whole principle is wrong ; no such legitimate authority resides in any majority, however large. It is scarcely probable that the bishop's ideal will ever be realized so far as bap-tism and the Lord's Supper are concerned; but the principle has had a practical ap-plication; and is having its legitimate and natural development in the United States to-day. Almost every State has its Sab-bath laws requiring the recognition of one day of the week as sacred to rest and wor-ship. Sunday is always specified, but in most States observers of the seventh day are permitted to do ordinary work on the first day of the week. That is, recogniz-ing the Sabbatic institution they are per-mitted to dissent from the majority as to the particular day to be observed, but they must not in practice deny the divine authority upon which the Sabbath insti-tution rests ; nor must they challenge the right of the State to enforce the observ-ance of a day as sacred time. Such has in the past been the status of this ques-tion. Now, however, a large number of people are coming to regard a practical denial of the claims of the particular day observed by the majority as destructive of social order, and so to be prohibited by law. Any practical disregard of Sunday is, to use the bishop's expression, coming to be regarded as "beyond the legitimate limits of religious discussion," and so " treasonable to the King of ings," and consequently to the State, and so to be prohibited by civil statute. The bishop's views may be regarded by many as extreme; but only because he applies his principles to questions of which  the law has thus far taken only a very limited cognizance. Precisely the- same argument in principle is made every day in regard to Sunday, and but few people, comparatively, see the evil there is in it. The bishop attempts to justify his posi-tion on the ground that to assail the prin-ciples of Christianity, " threatens the disruption of the very bonds of society." This is the identical argument relied upon to furnish a " civil " basis and justification for Sunday legislation. The principle is the same, and the argument is as good in the one case as in the other. Shall not Bishop Coleman's article serve to open the eyes of some who have hitherto been blind to the real issues involved in the question of liberty of conscience ? C. P. B. The Inaugural of the National Religion. MATTHEW QUAY, the patron saint of the congressional and Pennsylvanian Sun-day, has succeeded quite remarkably in throwing about himselfŠin the closing days of the Fifty-second Congress, and the Harrison administrationŠa far-shining halo of governmental religion. In fact so in-tense are these rays, and so well directed as to light the face of the incoming admin-istration with its ghostly lustre. It was a stroke of political genius to involve the new President in the religious toils ere yet his foot had touched the threshold of the White House. The committee hav-ing in charge the planning of the inaug-uration festivities had decided upon en-tertaining the crowd necessarily remain-ing over Sunday with concerts by the Marine Band, in the Pension Building. With reference to those concerts the Con-gressional Record has the following in its report of the proceedings of the Senate, Tuesday, February 28. MR. QUAY.ŠI present a petition of sixty clergy-men of the city of Washington, which I ask to have read. THE VICE-PRESIDENT. ŠThe petition will be read if there be no objection. THE CHIEF CLERK.ŠThe petition is as follows:Š To the President of the United States, the Secretary of the Interior, and the Senate and House of Representatives in Congress assembled: A PETITION. WHEREAS, It having been announced by the inaugural com-mittee through the daily papers that, as a part of the pro-gramme for the inaugural ceremonies, three concerts by the Marine Band are to be held in the Pension Office building, on Sunday, March 5, proximo; andŠ WHEREAS, the Congress of the United States, in deference to the Christian sentiment of the Nation clearly and unmistak-ably expressed by the religious press, the pulpit, and by peti-tion, has by legal enactment closed the doors of the Columbian Exposition on Sundays: Therefore, believing to permit the holding of such concerts on Sunday by a band of musicians connected with one of the great departments of the Government, in a Government build-ing which is occupied by another great department, and as a part of the ceremonies connected with the inauguration of the President of this great Christian Nation, by and with the sanction of her chosen rulers, would be a national sin; believ-ing also that such desecration as proposed is unprecedented, would result in incalculable harm, and would be used as an authority and example for the complete secularization of Sun- day earnestly petition that orders be issued forbidding the use of any Government building for such purpose on that day. Signed by W. R. Graham, pastor of Congress Street Meth-odist Protestant Church; W. Sherman Phillips, pastor of Mount Tabor Methodist Protestant Church, and many others. THE VICE PRESIDENT. ŠThe petition will be re-ferred to the Special Committee on Inaugural Cere- monies. MR. QUAY. ŠIn this connection I desire to state that I took pains to ascertain whether the state-ments of the petitioners are correct._In the Wash-ington Post of Sunday last I fin a paragraph which I ask the Chief Clerk to read. It will be observed that the music by the Marine Band is not exactly sacred. THE VICE PRESIDENT. ŠThe Chief Clerk will read as requested. (The Chief Clerk read the three programmes for Sunday morning, afternoon, and night.) MR. QUAY. ŠTo show that these concerts are to be held for the purpose of obtaining money, I send up a paper to be read. It is not signed by the officials in charge of the inaugural ceremonies,  but it is on their official paper and furnished in re-sponse to a request for information. [Inaugural ceremonies, March 4. 18113.ŠGeneral committee: James G. Berret, chairman; Alex. Porter Morse, secretary; Charles G. Glover, treasurer. Executive committee: James L. Norris, chairman; J. Fred. Kelley, secretary; William Cranch McIntire, corresponcing secretary; James L. Barbour, Henry L. Biscoe, Gen. H. V. Boynton. Alexander T. Britton, John Joy Edison, Rear-Admiral S. R. Franklin, U. S. N., Law-rence Gardiner, Curtis J. Hillyer, Robert 0. Holtzman, J. Harrison Johnson, Charles C. Lancaster, George W. MeLana-han, Theodore W. Noyes, John W. Ross, Francis A. Richard-son, Richard Smith, Michael I. Weller, Beriah Wilkins] HEADQUARTERS LENMAN BUILDING, No. 1425 New York Avenue, Washington, D. C., -- 1893. Price of ball tickets, $5. Price of concert in morning and afternoon of Sunday and Monday, 50 cents. Price of evening concert Sunday and Monday, $1. Programmes have not yet been issued. MR. QUAY. ŠIn view of these facts, although not exactly in order at this time, I ask for the adoption of the resolution which I send to the desk. MR. MCPHERSON. ŠBefore the Senator offers his resolution I should like to inquire what the paper relates to which has just been read by the Secre-tary. I could not understand from the language whether it is a petition from our own people or from citizens of a foreign government. I was un-able to ascertain from the reading what language it is printed in. I should like to know to what the whole matter relates. MR. QUAY. ŠThe whole matter relates to the question whether the persons in charge of the in- augural ceremonies have by lawful means obtained the Pension building for the purpose of holding musical concerts there next Sunday. That is the allegation of the petition which has been read and which is signed by, I believe, sixty ministers of the city of Washington. I ask for the immediate con-sideration of the resolution. The resolution was considered by unanimous consent, and agreed to as follows:Š Resolved, that the Secretary of the Interior be requested to inform the Senate whether authority has been given for the use of the building of the Pension Office by any person or per-sons on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, for musical concerts at which a pecuniary charge is made for ad-mission. The result of this " wise statemanship " of Mr. Quay and the Senate is told thus by the Washington Post of March 2. There will be no sacred concerts at the Pension Office on next Sunday as originally intended. Owing to the refusal of the Secretary of the In-terior to permit the use of the building for the purpose and for other causes, the idea has been abandoned. The Secretary of the Interior received the fol-lowing telegram yesterday from the President-elect :Š Lakewood, N. J., March 1, 1893. To THE SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR: I am strongly opposed to the use of the Pension Building for a Sunday concert on the 5th instant, and object to regarding such a thing as a feature of the inauguration. GROVER CLEVELAND. Secretary Noble immediately sent the following reply to Mr. Cleveland :Š Washington, D. C., March 1, 1893. Host. GROVER CLEVELAND, Lakewood, N. J. Your telegram received. Orders were issued already for-bidding the use of the Pension Building on Sunday, and I am gratified that this action is in accordance With your wishes. JOHN W. NOBLE, Secretary. Before the telegram from Mr. Cleveland had been received Secretary Noble had forwarded the following communication to the chairman of the inaugural committee :Š Department of the Interior. Washington, D. C., March 1, 1893. COL. JAMES G. BERRET, Chairman Inaugural Committee. Present. Sir: My attention has been called to the fact that it is the purpose of the Inaugural Committee to open the Pension Building on Sunday, the 5th instant, for one or more musical entertainments, at which a charge for admission will be made. I have to inform you that, in granting the use of this build-ing for the inaugural ball, it was not contemplated that the building would be open to the public on Sunday, and, as there will be opportunity on the subsequent day, during which the  building is at the disposal of the committee, to give the con-certs referred to, the use of the Pension Building on Sunday for that purpose will not be permitted. Very respectfully, JOHN W. NOBLE, Secretary. The correspondence upon the subject concludes with the following additional note to Mr. Berret :Š Department of the Interior. Washington, D. C., March 1, 1893. JAMES G. BERRET, Chairman Inaugural Committee. Present. Sir: Since my letter to you of this date, relative to the use of the Pension Office building for a musical entertainment on Sunday next, I have received a telegram from Mr. Cleveland. of which I enclose a copy, expressing his strong opposition to the use of the building for a Sunday concert, and objecting to such a concert as a feature of the inauguration. I also inclose for your information a copy of my reply thereto. Very respectfully, JOHN W. NOBLE, Secretary. Last evening at the meeting of the Inaugural Executive Committee, the subject was discussed 