244 THE _AMERICAN SENTINEL. reaching, and effective. Still it is subject to limitations. It is not to be exercised without restraint. It has its proper field in which to operate, and beyond which it may not go. What are the limitations, restraints, and boundaries which ever at-tend it ? How shall we ascertain them ? Every person who has made inquiry at the door of the constitutional temple of the Republic has been told that one of the purposes of its erection was to "promote the general welfare." Are we to under-stand that this imports that Congress may enact laws without restraint or limitation in respect of any subject which any citi-zen, combination of citizens, class or in-terest may declare to be within the domain of the general welfare ? If this be so, then there are no limitations, restraints or boundaries to the power in question. Such a discovery as this would be a most threatening portent. It would open the doors of legislative power to all of the products of the evils which so often at-tend the operations of organized society, and which so frequently have their origin in the minds and purposes of those who least deserve to be entrusted with the affairs of Government. Should this Re-public ever reach such a juncture as this, then indeed would it cease to " promote the general welfare," and become the prey of reckless schemers and conscienceless agitators. That there are tendencies present in the conditions existing in this country which indicate a movement in the direction sug-gested, no conservative student of the ac-tivities of these times can fail to detect. The most active factor in the case is the increasing demand for legislation. It has become a common practice with the orig-inators and supporters of every new the-ory of action, and of the formulators and promoters of schemes of whatever kind or character, to at once demand legislative action for the accomplishment of the ends they have in view. They do not stop to inquire whether or not the thing demanded would, if granted, be promotive of the general welfare. Sufficient unto them is their desire to promote the interest of the particular theory or scheme they have in view regardless of the effect it may have on the general welfare. No close observer of the proceedings in Congress and in the several State Legislatures will fail to no-tice how rapidly the practice indicated is growing. Too often success attends these , movements, which only tends to increase their number. It is no sufficient answer to this sug-gestion to say that no permanent harm can result to the country from this grow- ing tendency of the times, by reason of the judicial supervision of the courts over all legislative action. The student of his-tory must often have noticed that the courts from time to time have changed the course of the judicial current by rea-son of the force of popular movements. This may not frequently occur, but when-ever it does it intensifies the demand for repeated changes. Hence, absolute reli- ance cannot be placed in the direction of the judicial current, and this fact tends to intensify and multiply the demands for that character of legislative action which fails to take account of constitutional lim- itations, and is bringing the country into a condition of over-legislation. This is an uncertain sea for Nation and State to enter upon. It is not only uncertain, but also positively harmful. Once entered upon, the self-reliance of our people will diminish. They will gradually drift away from their observance of that forceful aphorism which admonishes them that " self-help is the best help." A commu-nity composed of individuals who will each adopt that aphorism as a guide of personal conduct, and keeping in line and harmony with the true signification -of the constitutional phrase which places the general welfare limitation on the legisla-tion to which, it applies, will always be blessed with public order and prosperity, and avoid the dangers which ever attend over-legislation. -Over-legislation engenders a habit of disregard of the duty of the citizen to give his fair share of effort to the proper enforcement of the law. No law, no mat-ter how wisely framed it may have been, will execute itself. The wisdom of states-men has never discovered any automatic device for the enforcement of law. If the law relates to criminal conduct, it will remain a negative force, when violated, until some officer or citizen shall put it into active operation. If it deals with the civil right and privilege of the citizens, it has not the power to appear in court and of its own motion demand that the party in interest shall enjoy the remedy which its provisions contain. In either case the practice of the doctrine of " self-help " must be resorted to, and no crying aloud for the enactment of additional laws, in respect to the subject matter involved, will protect the community or give rem-edy to the citizen. Additional enactments will be no more automatic in their action than are those to which they may be additions or amendments. They will all remain dead letters on the statute books until " self-help" shall put them into ac-tion. If from the date of the first enactment of a statute by Congress, and by the Legis-latures of the several States, on down to the present time each and every act had been framed with perfect conformity to the constitutional provisions upon which they rest for support, not one of them would have been exempt from the opera-tion of the rule stated. A review of the various laws now in force in this Nation and in the several States, would reveal the fact that there is scarcely a right or interest, public or private, which is not enjoying statutory protection, and yet,  notwithstanding the existence of this in-disputable fact, there never has been a time in the history of this country when the demand for the enactment of addi-tional laws has been so great as now. This suggests the consideration of an-other element in the case of which we are treating, which may be presented by the questions, " Have we not reached a point where the constitutional limitation in re-spect of the promotion of the general wel-fare should be applied as a check to the present tendency towards over-legislation? Can we promote the general welfare by engaging in a practice which tends to confuse the citizen's sense of duty in the matter of the enforcement of existing laws by both the public officer and him-self ?" We have a vast population; but its great aggregation does not eliminate the individual nor abolish his rights and privileges. Each is a part of the whole, and as such must be taken into the ac-count when we come to act for the pro-motion of the general welfare. Hence the jealous care we should exercise in exclud-ing from our legislative action every ele-ment which tends to check the enforcement of law, and to encourage demands for ad-ditional enactments concerning subjects al-ready provided for. This is a field which true conservatism should dominate, and every citizen should actively aid in its ad-ministration. It is a most interesting field for the young men of the country to explore. Upon them is rapidly settling down the responsibilities of caring for the public and private affairs and interests which abide in the possibilities of the on-coming years of this Republic. If the tendency of the present times towards over-legisla-tion shall receive their encouragement and support, how impotent will our public forces soon become in the matter of pro-moting the general welfare. If outcry for additional legislation touching sub-jects already provided for by law is to dominate legislation, exclude the practice of the rule of self-help, and diminish the American respect for the enforcement of the laws and the promotion of the general welfare, then indeed may we look for un-welcome experienceA in the future. Ł Ł Ł But come what may, the subject is one which all, and especially the young men of our Republic, may well take into most con-servative consideration.ŠJames F. Wil-son, United States Senator from Iowa, in Christian at Work. BAPTISTS are uncompromisingly opposed to union of Church and State. Wherever and whenever this contest has arisen they have invariably stood on the side of lib-erty of conscience, and, if need be, have sealed with their blood their undying de-votion to this principle. The State must not maintain a religipus establishment.ŠSouthern Baptist. 