that every evil influence is banished. But something of this kind has been upon trial in Germany for about one hundred years, and the result is that no country in the world can show as large a per cent. of in-fidels. Faith is a plant of sturdy growth that will not bear potting, and the atmos-phere of the hot-house kills it. " YESTERDAY," says the Mail and Ex-press, of April 27, " was a day of days, and a stroll through the park or in the upper part of the city was attended with delights unnumbered. The air in the vi-cinity of Washington Heights and Fort George was redolent with the perfume of cherry and apple blossoms, the trees on some of the old estates being huge bouquets of beauty. The breeze was just strong enough to temper the sun's rays, and from points where a good view of the noble Hudson could be had, so clear was the atmosphere that one could distinguish houses on the river bank as far north as Tarrytown." This perfect day, this "day of days," was a Sunday, and doubtless thousands enjoyed its beauties to the full; but if the Mail and Express had its way only those who live in those delightsome quarters of the city and those who own carriages, could enjoy the fragrance of apple blossoms, and the beauty of the suburban landscape, for there would be no Sunday street-cars to take them out of the more crowded portions of the city. Ł ONE of the neatest things that has come under our notice in the advertising line is a pamphlet descriptive of the new South, issued by the Staunton Development Com-pany, of Staunton, Virginia. The pam-phlet will be of interest to both pleasure-seekers and money-getters, as it describes one of the most attractive parts of the South. Ł 4  41  Dialogue on a Wagner Buffet Car. PASSENGER.ŠSay, Porter, can I get any-thing to eat on this car ? Porter.ŠNo, sah. It's Sunday, an' its 'gainst de law to sarve victuals on Sunday. Another Passenger.ŠSay, Porter, can I get anything to drink on this car ? Porter.ŠYas sah, anything you likes; its 'gainst de law, but we has to do it to 'commodate passengers.ŠThe Voice. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights. both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 .Bond Street, New York, 152 THE A MERICAN SENTINEL!. VoL. 6; No. 19. NEW YORK, MAY 7, 1891. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Portuguese Ambassador has left Rome for Lisbon in order to receive the instructions of his government with refer-ence to the proposed submission of the dis-pute with Belgium to the arbitration of the Pope. The dispute is in regard to the southern portion of the Congo State. CARDINAL TASCHEREAU and his suffra-gan prelates of Quebec have protested in joint letter against the act of the Manitoba Legislature abolishing separate schools in that province. The bishops declare that the Church, as the representative of her divine Founder, not only has the right, but the duty to direct through her minis-ters the moral education of her children. THE Mail and Express says :Š We hope and believe that the end is near, and that the civilized nations of the earth will demand at the hands of the Russian Government that freedom of action, occupation, and residence for the Jews which is enjoyed by all the citizens of free countries. At the same time the Mail and Express is in the van of those influences which are at work in this country to impose similar disabilities upon those in this country who do not conform to the religion of the majority. -0- THE Cincinnati Post remarks that " an Indianapolis church member who sub-scribed to a church building fund at-tempted to wriggle out of it by claiming that, the contract was illegal as it was made on Sunday, but the Court has de-cided that he must pay up." It is true that the law of the State makes void Sun-day contracts, but as it is also true that Sunday laws are in the interests of the Church, it is only natural that the courts should construe them in that interest. Of course the whole thing is contrary to the spirit of our institutions, but nowadays that don't count. TTTE Sunday-law advocates in Hong-Kong are terribly in earnest in demand-ing ,Sunday legislation for that Colony. In answer to the objection that it would deprive the;  poor coolies of a considerable part of their already slender income, a correspondent of the China Mail says :Š This cry aboutthe poor coolie losing a day is all " cry and no wool," The business man of Hong-Kong  cares for the coolies about as much as he does for a cockroach. He may not go out of his way to crush a cockroach, but the roach must not run across his foot And so with the coolies. . . It might entail a little more night work (but I doubt it), and as that costs the ships no extra expense, I do not see their reason for refusal. It seems a 'little strange that Sunday rest is so important that these poor heathen must be compelled to rest upon that day even if they do earn less wages and have to work nights to do it. We suppose that it is, however, for their health in some way. IT is stated that there is under consider-ation  a plan for a grand South American Roman Catholic Council on the model of the one recently held in Baltimore. When it will be held is not yet decided, but the majority of the bishops indorse the proj-ect. The aim of the Council will be the entire reorganization of the American churches. GEN. B. F. BUTLER thinks that the Constitution of the United States ought to be studied in the public schools. He says :Š Would it do any harm if I should suggest that such study might be taken up in the public schools instead of the study of the Scriptures, the prosecu-tion of which, more or less compulsory, has worked great harm in our schools ? . . . That there should be no governmental teaching of any religion, or recognition of any religious faith, was funda-mental in our Constitution ; and after powerful and thorough debate there was no recognition of any religion in that instrument. The first chapter of the first Act of Congress struck out the word " God " fikm the obligation of an official oath, and the calling upon the Supreme Being in an official oath never obtained until the ironclad oaths of the Rebel-lion. I feel sure that pure religion will not lose but gain by being withdrawn from contestation among the pupils of the schools, as I trust it will always gain when kept out of controversy. Well, no; we do not think that the sug-gestion will do any harm; and we are very certain that the practice would not. The Bible ought to be read and studied by everybody, but the public school is not the place for such study. Ł THE " Pearl of Days " argues thus in favor of Sunday laws :Š There are now not a few things to alarm the friends of good order, of moral and spiritual pros-perity, in our land. Glaring crimes are too fre-quent. Too many of our sons and daughters are not trained into habits of industry and honesty. We have Sunday concerts, theaters, and many kinds of demoralizing amusement. We have fre-quent Sunday excursions by railroad and steam-boat, baseball, beer gardens and gaming in thou-sand forms. We have regular Sunday railroad trains and Sunday newspapers, and consequently Sunday labor to an amazing extent. Our post-offices are open on Sunday, which alone deprives many thousand men and women of a needed day of rest. It is evidently the thought of the editor of the " Pearl " that it is the duty of the State to remove all these adverse influ-ences; to see to it that our sons and daughters are all properly trained, and 