AlVIERICA.N SENTINEL. 571 made pa think so, and a lot of otherS, I guess. It was the first time they had ever been to such a meeting." "How did he know that Christ worked on Saturday?" asked Fred. "Why," he continued, after a moment's pause, "I heard my Sunday-school teacher say that Christ's parents were Jews, and if that's so they must have kept Saturday and Christ must have kept it too." "Yes, that's so," commented George. "What else did he say?" "Oh, I don't know," said George, "I didn't listen to all pa said about it. Oh yes," he added, with a sudden recollection, "pa said he told them he never heard of anybody gettin' poor on account of keepin' Sunday." "Then [ don't see what he wants of a Sunday law, or what the people want of it, if folks who want to keep Sunday can get along all right without it," observed Fred. "If the Lord wants people to keep Sunday can't he take care of them when they do it?" "I should think so," said George; "ma says the Lord takes care of everybody, and if he takes care of people when they're doing wrong, I should think he'd take care of them when they do as he wants them to." "If your pa believes this, what makes him afraid to begin keepin' Sunday right now," Fred ventured. "I don't know," George answered, reflectively, "unless it's because he isn't sure God wants him or anyone to keep Sunday. He was lookin' in the Bible the other even-ing, turnip' over the leaves and hunting for something that he couldn't find, and after a while he asked ma how the preachers knew that Sunday was the Sabbath, any-way. And ma she said she didn't know, but she guessed it must be so if the preachers said so." "I've always thought," observed Fred, "that the preachers knew a lot more about some things than they could get out of the Bible. I guess that's one reason why I never cared much about goin' to church. Well," he added, as he turned to go, "I'm sorry you can't go with us to-morrow, and as long as your pa can't find any-thing in the Bible that says it's wrong, I should think he might let you. I know the Bible says the seventh day is the Sabbath, but that's Saturday and not Sunday, and nobody but Jews keep Saturday." " Yes," they do," replied George, quickly; "some Christians keep it; ma knows of some that do. There were some people in the town where she used to live that kept it. I don't remember what she called them, but they weren't Jews." "I wonder how they managed to live and not work on Saturday?" queried Fred, pausing, "Saturday's the busiest day in the whole week." "That's so; but they got along all right, and they were strict in keepin' it, too, ma says." "And did they want a law to make other folks quit pork on Saturday?" "No; I guess no one ever heard of such a thing as that. They probably thought if the fourth command-ment said to °keep the seventh day, that was all they  needed. And I should think," added George, "that it would be, if it was the word of the Lord." "Yes; so should I," said Fred. "Well, good bye, and if I were you I'd tell your pa he must find me a Bible text for keepin' Sunday if he wanted me to keep it." "I'll do it," answered George. "Good bye." The Object of Civil Government. WE have seen that all persons have rights; and that these rights are given each person by the Creator, and are unalienable. We have seen also why it is that the Creator gives to each one these rights,Šthat it is because he has a pur-pose to be fulfilled in each member of the human family, and a claim upon each one, which would utterly fail if men were not left free to choose between good and evil. Only in this way can God receive what is due him, and man attain to the highest pinnacle of blessing. But how are these rights to be preserved? How are the life andliberty of each one, which God has given them, to be protected from violence and destruction in this evil world ? Is each one to defend his own rights, using what force may be necessary to repel any invasion of them? If it were left that way there would be no government at all. There would be no laws against crime, and each one would determine for himself what was a punishable offense and what punishment was deserved by the of-fender. And he would decide this, as individuals are so prone to do, not after calm reflection, but under the ex-citement and anger which the offense produced. In addition to this, his rights would be defended by no power stronger than his own arm. Such a state of things would be anarchy, worse than anything that we have seen or imagined. To avoid this, men have formed civil governments; and by means of these, laws against crime are enacted by assemblies of chosen men; the person accused of wrong-doing is tried by men who can proceed in the matter with calmness and impartiality; sentence against the offender is executed without anger, haste, or barbarity; and the power of the whole people together is exercised to defend the rights of each individual. The Declaration of Independence sets forth the pur-pose of civil government, in the declaration that "to preserve these [unalienable] rights, governments are in-stituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed." Thus it is seen that the civil government exists for the benefit of the individuals who enter into it. But the natural tendency in governments is to reverse the proper order, and to hold that theindividual exists for the bene-fit of the government. When this is done, the rights of the individual, in-stead of being protected 'by the government, are sacrificed to the government. Human life and liberty, which the 