382 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. of suffering which has been inflicted, un-der the plea of defending the cause of religion. The beauty of youth, the ven-erable decrepitude of old. age, and the power of rank, were equally incompetent to relax the iron grasp of the Church. " Your memorialists would also suggest that the liberal provision made by our Constitution for the exercise of individual rights, and the encouragement Ł given to enterprise and talent, have invited to our shores multitudes of honest and ingenious artists. Fleeing from persecution in the land of their nativity, they have sought a home in the only country under heaven where liberty can be said to dwell. Here they calculated to be delivered from those galling restrictions which had rendered existence wretched; and here they have not, as yet, been disappointed. We owe it to them, as well as to ourselves, to employ every energy to perpetuate our excellent Government, and to defend it from the attacks of insidious enemies. "Your memorialists repose, with the fullest confidence, in the wisdom and in-tegrity of their representatives in Con-gress. They cannot, however, leave the subject without the expression of their sincere approbation of the manner in which the question now under considera-tion was disposed of in the last session of your body. They would, therefore, re-spectfully ask that, not only should the prayer of the petitioners be rejected, but that such order shall be taken on the ques-tion as will forever preclude its revival." Individualism. THE last Legislature of this State passed an, act relating to married women, which reads as follows:Š A:married woman shall have a right of action for injuries to her property, injuries to her person or character, and injuries arising out of the marital relation, in all cases in which an unmarried woman or a husband now has a right of action by law.' A husband shall not be liable in damages for his wife's wrongful or tortious acts, nor for injuries to person, property, or the marital relations caused by the acts unless the said acts were done by actual coercion or instigation of the husband: and such coercion or instigation must be proved in the same manner as any other fact is required to be proved: but in all cases embraced in this section the wife shall be per-sonally liable for her wrongful or tortious acts. This statute is in the line of numerous other acts passed by the Legislature of this State with reference to married wo-men, the design of which is to put a wife, as to legal independence and responsibil-ity, on the same footing as that of her husband, or as that of an unmarried woman. Under the old common law the wife was largely a mere chattel, and had but few rights and only a very limited protection. Her personality, so far as she had any, was chiefly merged in that of her husband, who virtually owned her, just as he owned a horse. She could neither sue nor be sued. She really had no legal personality attaching as a status to herself. The legislation of this coun-try has for years been sweeping away this  antiquated nonsense and injustice, and giving to married, women their proper rights as persons, and holding them to their just responsibilities. The move is in the right direction.ŠThe Independent Ruch legislation is- to be approved for the reason that it tends to render those af-fected by it self-reliant and self-govern-ing. But it is strange that while our law makers see the evil of merging the per-sonality of the wife into that of the hus-band, they apparently see no impropriety at all in the State's swallowing up the individuality of both men and women, making the State everything and the indi-vidual citizen. nothing. Opinions on Sunday Closing of the Fair. Ł ONE of the Chicago papers has been inviting and publishing opinions relative to the Sunday closing of the World's Fair; the following are a few of those opinions. We expect to print others next week :Š Cosmogony teaches that through all nature runs a mystic seven. A mysterious, never-changing arrange-ment pervades everything. There seems to be always a space, a stop, a hiatus. The six days' work and then one day's rest is only anŁ example in per-fect harmony with the wondrous whole. All that grows is better for rest. Even machinery, they say, runs more smoothly if not kept running all the time. Sunday is to the week what the rest is to music or the period is to the Sentence. We have the testi-mony of many employers that men are able to do as much work in six days with a day's rest as in seven without any recuperation. A workingman has only a certain amount of vitality, and, if it is spread out over seven days its force in each day is weakened. No one will dispute the value of Sabbath rest from a hygienic point of view, I trust, so the matter should be viewed from the standpoint of expediency. . .  The- men on railroads and street-car lines, the thousands of laborers in and around the Exposi-tion grounds, and many more, would be kept from their Sabbath rest. MISS FRANCES E. WILLARD. It is true, of course, that keeping the World's Fair open on Sunday will keep many men at work on that day: Miss Willard is right enough on that point, but will not each of those men work of his own free will, and has he not a right to do so if he chooses ? Thousands of men will be willing to do the Sunday Exposition work for the double pay that will be offered. WASHINGTON HESING. I would not even have the Art gallery opened. I would have every crack and crevice shut closely and have a sign hung out which would herald to the nations of the world that the American people, as a people, and the American Government recog-nize the Sabbath as an institution, the value of which is inestimable. REV. E. P. GOODWIN. A World's Fair, a universal Exposition, is to be held in Chicago. Exhibitors from all parts of the globe are to be invited guests. The Mohammedan comes bringing his wares, he has a day which he regards as the Sabbath; he of the Semitic race has another, and we, as Christians, still another. Here are three different days of rest and worship, as sacred. It is manifestly neither fair nor feasible to force our peculiar observances upon our guests. A simple and equitable adjustment of the matter is to have the Fair open each and every day, and thus make freedom of conscience possible to every ex-hibitor. Let it be as in Tunis. When I was there I observed that there were= three days observed each week. That is. the Christian, the Turk and the Jew, each closed his place of business and de-V-46d himself to rest and worship the day he recognized as sacred. The representatives of the Women's Christian Temperance Union at the Paris Exposi-tion closed 'their " chalet" on Sunday. They were not compelled to continue -their Exposition on Sun-day because it was posSible to do so, no more than the Jew was to keep open his exhibit on ' our Satur-day, which he regards as sacred. It seems to me that nothing less than the broad tolerance of the Fair open every day in the week will insure success. MISS DICKINSON, Member of ChicAgo Board of Lady' Managers World's air. l~TA'i`Z.OxALi  RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Ł We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ.- We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society.. We believe in supporting the civil government, and submit-ting to its, authority. We deny the right of an}" civil government to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right and should be the privilege, of every men to worship according to the dictates of his own con-science. We also-believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to prevent religious legislation by the civil government; that we and our fellow-citizens may enjoy the in-estimable blessings of both religious and civil liberty. OFFICES. 48 BOND STREET, NEW YORE CITY ; 225 A ST., N. E.,. WASHINGTON ; 28 COLLEGE PLACE, CHICAGO. A Rabbi on. Religious Liberty. (Concluded.) [A speech delivered by Rabbi David Phillipson before the late Secular Congress at Portsmouth, Ohio. Somewhat abridged.1 THE blessings we enjoy we rarely ap-preciate to their fullest extent, until we are in danger of being deprived of them. Full religious liberty, and freedom of con-science is one of the greatest, if not the greatest blessing enjoyed by the people of this country. . . . We have no favored, no recognized, no State Church. There is nothing in the Constitution of the country that can be interpreted to the advantage of any one religious denomination or to the disadvan-tage of any other. The land has been blessed indeed during the century and . more of its existence, blessed on this very account. There has been full amity and comity before the law among all religious denominations. Nor has religion suffered, for there is no people in the world in which the religious sense is so fully devel-oped or- so deeply imbedded as in the American people. Smoothly and without friction have the wheels of the religious, life revolved in all this time, but during the past year or so strange voices are making themselves heard, and fanatics, if not hot-headed, then cool-headed ones, who are all the more dangerous on that account, urging a recognition by the Government of this country of the claims of a special religion, of Christianity. There were, during the last session of Congress three measures before the legislative bodies sitting in Washington, all having the same purpose in view, the Blair Sunday bill, and the Blair Educational Amendment before the Senate, and the Breckinridge Sunday bill before-the House..  These attempts- may well fill us ;with alarm, even though these measures did not gain the -sanction, of Congress, yet the , very fact that they were presented shows';  DECLARATION of PRINCIPLES C. ELDRIDGE, W. H. MCKEE, President. Secretary. 