TRE AME;RICAN 11 ness like sunlight the doctrine of the right of private judgment. It seems strange, too, when one remembers that the early Church both taught and practiced entire religious toleration. To the immortal honor of the Church of the first three centuries be it said that they neither at-tempted to persecute nor so much as de-fend persecution, but repudiated it in the strongest terms. Tertullian, Lanctanctius, Hilary of Poitiers, all of them taught the doctrine of entire religious liberty as plainly and as forcibly as it is ever taught to-day. Yet the Church sank back from this high position and became for a thou-sand years, in connection with the State a persecuting power. "During an unhappy millennium Church and State in unhallowed alliance shed a vast amount of blood and caused untold physical and mental suffering. The early Christians had been persecuted by the Roman Government, but now a spirit more fierce than that which inflamed the empire raged in the bosom of the Church. It is only in the last 250 years that there has been a gradual emergence from this low condition of persecution up to that condition of religious privilege which we enjoy in this land. " The first step upward was from perse-cution to toleration; inŁthis stage of toler-ation, while the State still has some one established form of worship which it fa-vors and supports, it does not now molest or use violence toward other forms of worship, but allows them to be practiced without persecution. But this is all there is reached in the second stage, namely, toleration. " But toleration is by no means the highest point. It is indeed common to hear toleration lauded as if it were a princely virtue, almost the acme of per-fection in regard to men's religious rights. But it leaves much yet to be reached, for toleration carries the imputation that the immunity from persecution which it con-fers is a concession granted, not a right recognized. It implies that the State has the right to persecute, but at its pleasure and for such time as it may elect, waives that right. The word toleration in its very self and sense implies superiority and indicates condescension. ' We toler-ate,' it has been justly said, `what we dis-like but can not prevent.' No one wants to be ' tolerated ; ' it's like being patronized. Therefore a yet higher stage before the true ground is reached is this : Liberty, full religious freedom, and equality. Only as without establishing or favoring any religion the State equally and impartially protects them all does it assume the cor-rect attitude. "Such is the condition of things in this country where the principle of full reli-gious liberty is executed with now and then, however, some illogical and intoler-ant exceptions. Most of our people are in hearty accordance with it, and are glad that our United States Constitution allows not the slightest union of Church and State. There are, however, some busy-bodies who either do not or will not un-derstand that our Government is founded upon the absolute divorce of Church and State, and who desire to introduce into the Constitution a religious element, making our Government a distinctively 'Christian' one. This would logically be only an entering wedge for the whole doctrine and evil of the union of Church and State. Far better than this is the Sixteenth Amendment proposed by the present  House of Representatives, which calls upon the general Government to require every State to insert in its Constitution the principle of entire divorce of Gov-ernment from any interference in religious affairs. " In some of the States their Constitu-tions are such that Jews and Seventh-day Baptists, who keep Saturday as Sabbath, can be and have been prosecuted for not observing Sunday. -This is religious per-secution and is unjust. "Ought legislatures to be provided with chaplains ? If they do have them all sects ought to have equal rights and privileges in their appointment; and it is certainly an open question whether such chaplains should not be paid by the churches rather than from the public funds. Our legislatures need praying for bad enough; but I should say, let the churches do the work and pay the workmen. " In short, total divorce of Church and State is the only true logic and the only course that can produce smooth sailing." A Counterpart of Judge Hammond's Decision. A FOREIGN correspondent of the New York Observer gives in that paper of the 14th inst., the particulars of the persecu-tion in veiro, Portugal, of Fernando Francisco Bichao, now undergoing im-prisonment " for the crime of refusing to remove his cap to a naked cross carried at a funeral two years ago." Two appeals were taken in the case. The first appeal was to the court at Oporto, which quashed the sentence on the ground that there was no evidence of any inten-tion to insult the State religion. The other appeal was taken by the prosecutors from the decision of the Oporto court, to the Supreme Tribunal at Lisbon, and here the original sentence was affirmed. The action of the Lisbon court was on the ground that the intent to insult the State religion was sufficiently proved by the fact that the prisoner knowingly re-fused to remove his cap. On this point the Observer's correspondent remarks : " So they deliberately ignored the article of the Constitution that provides that no one shall be persecuted on account of his religion." THIS action of the Lisbon court is very similar to certain decisions by American courts in Sunday cases. The Lisbon court would of course say that Bichao is not per-secuted, but prosecuted, not for his reli-gion, but for his insult to the religion of others. It was thus that Judge Ham-mond held in the case of R. M. King, of Tennessee. The Judge said :Š Sectarian freedom of religious belief is guaran-teed by the Constitution, not in the sense argued here, that King as a Seventh-day Adventist, or some other as a Jew, or yet another as a Seventh-day Baptist, might set at defiance the prejudices, if you please, of other sects having control of legisla-tion in the matter of Sunday observances, but only in the sense that he should not himself be disturbed in the practices of his creed. . . . We do not say Sunday observance may be compelled upon this principle, as a religious act, but that the constitu-tional guaranty of religious freedom does not afford the measure of duty under such circumstances, nor does it any more, it seems to us, protect the citizen in refusing to conform to Sunday ordinances. . . By a sort of factitious advantage, the observers of Sunday have secured the aid of the civil law, and adhere to that advantage with great tenacity, in spite of the clamor for, religious freedom, and the progress that has been made in the absolute separa-tion of Church and State. . . . Sunday observance is so essentially a part of that religion that it is imŁ  possible to rid our laws of it. . . . As to the non-observer, he can not be allowed his fullest per-sonal freedom in all respects; largely he is allowed to do as he pleases, and generally there is no pur-suit of him, in these days, as a mere matter of dis-ciplining his conscience; but only when he defiantly sets up his non-observance by ostentatious display of his disrespect for the feelings or prejudices of others. Judge Hammond's decision is an exact parallel to that of the Supreme Tribunal at Lisbon. But is such a decision any bet-ter in America than in Portugal ? And if the Portugal decision violated the con-stitutional guarantee of religious liberty in that priest ridden country of the Old World, what shall we say of similar de-cisions by the courts of " free America " ? How to Quicken the Public Conscience. THE " Pearl of Days," for April 9, con-tains answers from several ministers to the question, " What means should be relied upon in the present crisis to quicken the public conscience throughout our country in regard to the proper observance of the Sabbath ?" IN reply to this query, Rev. Lee M, Heilman says :Š Conscience in its nature and functions has su-preme reference to the great cause of all things, and hence to excite it to adequate sensibility means must be employed which will touch it from the side of that first cause, or God. That monitor must be quickened with facts and truth of divine authority, and of the inborn need of highest wel-fare. Any agencies that disseminate these strong and self-evident facts, as they meet human want, will awaken conscience. But the " public con-science" is reached by the ordained witness for God and truth, viz., the believer. In a Christian land, a land of churches, this becomes pre-eminently a duty. Our reliance, then, must be upon the word and Spirit of the God of prayer. The Church has the responsibility, but not the sense of it; the power, but not the motive and grace. With this answer no reasonable fault can be found; and were not the essential elements mentioned in it entirely lacking, it would be the practically accepted and universal answer, and appeal to civil law would not be made. IN reply to the same query, Rev. R. C. Wylie, of the National Reform Associa-tion, says :- 1. We must convince the masses of the people that the Sabbath is of divine appointment and is a permanent institution. There will be no conscience in this matter at all if the idea of divine authority is omitted. 2, It must be made clear that the Sabbath law is binding in social, business, and political circles. It must be shown that the Sabbath has a civil, as well as an individual, a family, and an ecclesiasti-cal side. Ł 5. It must be shown that the Sabbath law can not be violated with impunity. The penalty may be delayed, but it is sure to come. It falls on the individual in the form of premature death; on business in a variety of forms; on the Nation in the form of public vice, divine judgments, national overthrow. Mr. Wylie's first, is in effect the same as Mr. Heilman's answer. It is that to awaken the conscience appeal must be made to the law of God. Did he stop here his answer would be commendable; but seeing evidently the impossibility of connecting divine authority with Sunday, the Sabbath which Mr. Wylie had in mind, he departs from the real question and adroitly introduces another feature, namely, how can men be forced to keep Sunday ? This he intimates can be ac-complished by means of the "civil Sab- 