THE AIVIETC.A.N SENTINEL,. 35 lost its inherent power to compete with sin? Has Satan gained such a victory over Christ that he must now accept the offer made him by the devil on the mountain, in order to save his cause from destruction? This would be to enthrone Satan as king of the nation in-stead of Christ. In a pamphlet entitled "Aims and Opera-tions of the National Reform Association," we read: "The object of this society shall be to maintain existing Christian features in the American Government and to secure such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as will indicate that this is a Chris-tian nation, a:nd place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our Government on an undeniable legal basis in the funda-mental law of the land." A very 'small minority of the inhabitants of the United States are true Christians. Will voting Christianity into the Constitu-tion make them such ? If so, then all we have to do is to show our hands in the affirm-ative, and the whole nation is converted! Christians are not made that way; but hypo-Crites may be. If the .Constitution be so changed, then all who swear allegiance to it will profess Christianity, and only such can hold, office under it. Thus a premium will be offered for the commission of moral per-jury. If all the "Christian institutions and us-ages" are incorporated into the Constitution and laws., they must be enforced by penalties, even to the shedding of blOod. What will this be but compelling people by police clubs, handcuffs, incarcerations, etc., to pretend to be Christians; even these who hate the name? Again, who are to decide what kind of "insti-tutions and usages" are to be enforced? Of course those who take the lead in bringing this change about will expect to have that matter in charge. Perhaps they will, and per-haps not: There is another party whose co-operation they are seeking, which will not, rest till they get the control in their hands ; and then these so-called reforMers may not fare any better than the rest of us. Political matters are in the hands of politi-cians, and no amendments or oaths will pre-vent those who itch for office from putting themselves in an attitude to get it, and they will manage affairs to suit the wishes of the class which will have most influence at the polls.- Whatever political party is in power will be the one to decide what the Bible teacheS. When these things come to exist, what else will it be but Church and State, or Christianity and State, which is virtually the "same thing? What essential difference will there be whether one denomination is thus united with the Government, or half a dozen? Those outside this circle will not fare any bet-ter for being ruled by an aristocracy of churches instead of one. Then, perpetual strife will be 'sure to follow among these dominant churches as to which shall have the pre-eminence. Be-sides, they will not be satisfied with merely what they now contend for. These changes will suggest and necessitate many others;  The W. C. T. U. started with one reform in view, and forty more have been added as growing out of this one. Our forefathers were wise in adding that "first amendment" to the Constitution, and it should, by all means, be sustained, if Christian liberty is to be preserved in our Nation.ŠN. War,  dner, D. D. "The National Reform Movement and Sabbath-Keepers." THE editor of The Outlook and Sabbath Quarterly, a Seventh-day Baptist journal pub-lished at Alfred Center, N. Y., was present at the Ocean Grove National Reform meeting last July, and listened to a paper by Professor Rittenhouse, entitled "Christ and the Sab-bath." Being impressvd with the soundness of the argument in favor of the Sabbath, the editor of the Outlook asked Professor Ritten-house to make "a statement of the attitude which the National Reform Association as-sumes, theoretically, toward those who ob-serve the Sabbath, and not the Sunday." Ac-cordingly Mr. Rittenhouse wrote the corn,-munication which we present below, followed by the Outlook's comments thereon:Š "DICKSON COLLEGE, Carlisle, Pa., Sept. 10, 1887. " REV. A. H. LEWIS, D. D.ŠMy Dear Sir and Brother : Your letter of the 8th inst. came duly to hand, con-taining a request to state the views of the National Reform Association `concerning the future of Sab-bath observance,' `the theory and purpose of the Association concerning the Sabbath,' and ' the atti-tude of the ASsociation concerning the duty of the State with reference to the Sunday laws, and their enforcement on different classes.' " I am not sure that I am able to represent cor-rectly the views of the Association on these points, and I will therefore only endeavor to state very briefly iny own views on the general subject indi-cated in your letter. "The Sabbath as a civil institution rests upon the law of nature as well as the positive law of revela-tion, and the laws enacted by the State for its main-tenance are binding upon the conscience of the Christian citizen, independent of the authority of the decalogue. - It seems,' says Fairbairn, 'as if God, in the appoinment of this (Sabbath) law, had taken special precaution against the attemps which he foresaw would be made to get free of the institution, and that on this account he laid its foundation deep in the original famework and constitution of nature.' ŠSchctff, the Anglo-American Sabbath. "The Sabbath is at the same time an institution of the State and of the church, but civil government maintains it, not for the sake of the church, but for its own sake; not to secure the specific spiritual ends contemplated by the church, but to secure the legiti-mate political ends, whether moral or material, con-templated by civil government. The citizen has a right to the civil Sabbath, as Hopkins has shown, `on the same grounds that he has a right to property, or to anything else,' and `it belongs' to legislation to secure him in the enjoyment of those rights.' ŠLaw of Love, p. 319. " With reference to the enforcement of the Sunday laws on different classes, it is undoubtedly the right and duty of the State to enforce such laws on all classes, even upon those who hold that another day of the week than Sunday is the Sabbath day accord-ing to the Scriptures. There can be only one Sab-bath day in the week, and `the privilege of rest for each is conditioned upon a law of rest for all.' Gov-ernment, therefore, must decide upon the day, so far as the civil Sabbath is concerned. If the first day is chosen, the religious scruples of the Jews and oth-ers who hold sacred the seventh day will have to be disregarded and offended; and if the seventh is made the legal rest day, then the religious scruples of those who hold to the first day will have to be disregarded. There are very many Christians, how-ever, who believe that the Sabbath law as such does not enjoin a particular day of the week; that it re-quires the observance not of the seventh day, but of every seventh day; that what the Sabbath law does enjoin is the consecration of one-seventh of the time to rest and worship, in a regular alternation of six days of labor, and one day of rest. It is right for the State to recognize the authority of the divine law as at the-foundation of the Sabbath law, and, as far as possible, to make the civil Sabbath coincide as to the  day with the sacred Sabbath. But the State cannot be expected to achieve the impossible. If the State does not respect the religious scruples of all its citi-zens, as to the particular day, it is simply because it is not possille to do so where there is a diversity of sentiment on this point. There will always be di-versity of sentiment, not only on this, but on all, or nearly all, other questions, political, as well as relig-ious, and Government is bound to come to some de-cision and to adopt some policy on all matters coin-ing within the political sphere, notwithstanding the religious or political scruples that may be offended thereby. As already stated, the Sabbath is a ciidl as well as a religious institution, and the right and duty of civil government to maintain the Sabbath rest cannot be questioned. Civil government is not free to decide the question whether or not there shall be a Sabbath; that has been decided by the divine authority, to which States as well as individ-uals are subject. "If the Sabbath is well calculated to secure spirit-ual ends, and to build up Christian character, at the same time that it secures temporal and pro- motes good citizenship, this fact furnishes an addi-tional argument in favor of civil Sabbath laws. Government cannot compel a religious observance of the Sabbath, but it can and ought to compel a sec-ular observance of the day, by forbidding all work, so as to secure the privilege of secular rest to all cit-izens, and the opportunity of spiritual rest to as many as choose to observe the day for worship. To this extent, and in this sense, the civil Sabbath, strictly maintained, becomes a shelter for the holy Sabbath. Those who agree with the State on the particular day will of course have an advantage over those who feel bound to observe some other day ; but the State, meanwhile, cannot abandon the civil Sabbath because of this inequality growing out of a diversity of sentiment. "The Seventh-day Sabbatarians suffer loss, because they are forced to rest two days in the week; but other citizens are compelled to submit to similar dis-abilities on account of their religious scruples. Take, for example, that most excellent class of citizens, the Friends, or Quakers. They religiously hold what are known as peace principles; and so long as armies are maintained, and conscriptions are enforced, and war taxes are levied by the Government, the Friends are forced to suffer, not only in mind and conscience, but also in property and political privilege for they can never aspire to the chief magistracy of the na-tion, or wear the honors of the army and navy, or enjoy any of the emoluments of the Military service of the Government. " But I am not aware that the Friends are disposed to charge the Government with intolerance because the laws are impartially enforced, or because they are left to the normal consequences of their religious scruples. They suffer patiently, and in the spirit of true martyrdom they " witness " in favor of their principles. Under a Christian Government that bears the sword in the name of the divine authority, the Friends offer a passive resistance in the name of conscience. " Of a like character, although of less degree, are the hardships which the enforcement of the Sunday law imposes upon those who believe in,the seventh-day Sabbath. They are compelled* by the State to rest on the first day, and conscience compels them to rest on the seventh. The State certainly cannot yield, for the civil Sabbath must not be abandoned; and all that the seventh-day Sabbatarians can do is to stand by their religious convictions, to suffer for con-science' sake, to maintain and advocate the truth as it has been given them to see the truth, and to wait for the time when the Government may change the day so as to conform to their views. But if the day should not be changed, they cannot justly complain that the Government is guilty of intolerance in en-forcing the Sunday laws. "Such, in brief, are the views I hold on this ques-tion, and which I believe to be in substantial accord with at least a considerable number of those who are in sympathy with the National Reform Association. I may add that the State should maintain Christian institutions, not merely because they are Christian, but becausa they are serviceable to society, and pre-eminently adapted to secure the great ends for which Governments exist. Yours very truly, "A. RirrtNnousE." " Professor Rittenhouse claims that the State must establish a civil Sabbath ; ' that this should coincide, so far as possible, with the sacred Sabbath,' and that the authority for establishing a civil Sabbath' is the di-vine law concerning the sacred Sabbath.' He further states that since there must be differences of opinion on all questions, the State cannot recognize the religious scruples of all its citizens as to the particular day,' 