330 _L61,1DEIELICA.1tY VoL. 10, No. 42. The transfer of the kingdoms of this world from their present ruler to the hands of Christ, is a momentous and solemn event, plainly foretold in Scripture. Thus we read in Rev-elation: " And the seventh angel sounded; and there were great voices in heaven, saying, The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord and of his Christ; and he shall reign for ever and ever." Rev. 11:15. But what will Christ do with the kingdoms of this world when they are thus delivered up to him? Read the answer in the second Psalm: "I will declare the decree; the Lord hath said unto me, Thou art my Son; this day have I begotten thee. Ask of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inherit-ance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession. Thou shalt break them with a rod of iron; thou shalt dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." Ps. 2: 7-9. The same thing is declared. in the nineteenth chapter of Revelation. The attitude of Christ toward the kingdoms of this world, and their attitude toward him, at the time he takes pos-session of them, are there described in lang-uage which no one can mistake. We read: " And I saw heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and He that sat upon him was called Faithful and True, and in righteousness he doth judge and make war. . . . And out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword, that with it He should smite the nations: and He shall rule them with a rod of iron; and He treadeth the winepress of the fierceness and wrath of Almighty God." Rev. 19 : 11-15. Again, in verse 19, we read : " And I saw the beast [the papacy] and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him that sat on the horse, and against his army." No picture this of a coming temporal millennium. Not much else does current history record but the doings of the papacy, " and the kings of the earth, and their armies." All the fashion, the wealth, the honor, and power of this world are to be found with them. And the prophetic eye saw them not converted to Christ, but gathered together to make war against him. The two closing verses of the chapter describe their utter destruction. Again, in the second chapter of Daniel's prophecy, the same thing is set before us. The prophet, in the interpretation of King Nebuchadnezzar's dream, foretold the rise and fall of the great universal empires that should succeed the kingdom of Babylon, with the division of Rome, the last one, into smaller kingdoms, as represented by the iron and clay of the feet of the "great image," " and said: " In the days of these kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed; and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand forever." Dan. 2:44. This kingdom was seen in the dream as "a stone cut out without hands, which smote the image upon his feet that were of iron and clay, and brake them in pieces;" and they " became like the chaff of the summer threshing-floors, and the wind carried them away, and no place was found for them; and the stone that smote the image became a great mountain, and filled the whole earth." Verses 34, 35. This is God's plan for making Christ the King of this earth. It is the gospel plan. And any attempt to make Christ the King of this world, by any of those means through which earthly power is gained and exercised, is only the wildest folly. The motive may be worthy enough, but the effort is absolutely without knowledge. When Christ's kingdom comes, then, as he  has taught us, God's will will be done on earth as it is in heaven. This means that the earth will then be perfect, without sin or sinner. And that will be the new earth; for the pres-ent one is "reserved unto fire, against the day of judgment and perdition of ungodly men." 2 Peter 3: 7. It is the preaching of the gospel, and that alone, which can hasten the kingdom of Christ. CATHOLIC SHRINES AND MIRACLES. No one who keeps track of current events, as recorded by the secular press, can have failed to note the frequent mention during recent years of wonderful cases of healing said to have taken place at Catholic shrines, and by the application of relics of Roman Catholic saints. The well-known Chauncey M. Depew had a wonderful story to relate upon his recent re-turn from Europe, of a notable miracle which he had all but witnessed himself at Lourdes, France, a shrine to the Virgin Mary. More recently the papers have been full of remarkable stories of wonderful cases of heal-ing in Denver, Col., through the instrumen-tality of a humble shoemaker, a member of the Roman Catholic Church in New Mexico; and more recently still, the secular press has published the details of a marvelous cure effected in this city through the virtue which is supposed to reside in a fragment of a bone, said to have belonged to St. Ann, mother of the Virgin Mary. The Roman Catholic Church has always claimed miraculous power for her saints and their relics; and Protestants have always de-nied the validity of these claims, asserting, for the most part, that the "day of miracles is past." But in recent years there has been among Protestants a revival of faith in the miraculous; and this answer that "the day of miracles is past" is no longer regarded as satisfactory by many people; nor is this strange since there is really no authority for the declaration. The Scriptures do not teach that miraculous power was ever to cease out of the church; on the contrary, we learn from 1 Cor. 1: 7, that the Church, just before the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, will "come behind in no gift;" so that something more than a general denial of miraculous power is required to meet the claims of Rome in this matter. We do not admit all that is claimed by Rome in regard to miraculous power, but it is not necessary to deny the existence of such power. The fact that miraculous power is possessed by an individual or by a church, does not prove that that individual or that church de-rives such power from God, or that such an individual or church enjoys the favor of God. Miracles are indeed evidence of power but not of its source. When Moses presented himself before Pha-raoh and delivered to. him the divine message, " Let my people go, that they may hold a feast unto me in the wilderness,"' " Pharaoh called the wise men and the sorcerers:" and " they also did in like manner with their en-chantments."' " And Pharaoh's heart was hardened, neither did he hearken unto them [Moses and Aaron]; as the Lord had said." Power was certainly manifested through the magicians, but it was not the power of God, for it was used in resisting the servants of God; and in his second letter to Timothy, the Apostle Paul says: " This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come."' He then gives a catalogue of the sins which will be common in the last days Ex, 5: 1. a Ex. 7: 11. s 2 Tim. 3: I. among men " having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof." He then adds: " Now as Jannes and Jambres withstood Moses, so do these resist the truth." This is a plain prediction that just as mir- acles were used in resisting the work of Moses and Aaron, so miracles will be used in the last days in resisting the truth of God; hence we see clearly that though miracles are an evidence of the possession of power, they are not necessarily evidence of divine power. That miracles are to be used in the last days for the purpose of resisting divine truth and deceiving the people, is further shown by the description which is given by inspiration of a persecuting power which is to oppose the work of the people of God just before the second advent of our Lord Jesus Christ. Of this power it is written : " He doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men, and deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had power to do." And again the prophet says: " I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon, and out of the mouth of the beast, and out f the mouth of the false prophet. For they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the kings of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great day of God Almighty." This text. applies just before the end of the world; for immediately following it is the declaration: " Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame." As we have seen, the days of miracles are not passed; but it will not do to blindly follow any church or any individual simply because miraculous power is manifested through that church or that individual. The Lord did not leave his people to be deceived either by " the sleight of men, and cunning craftiness, where-by they lie in wait to deceive," or by miracles wrought by devils to confuse and bewilder His people, and to give his enemies " occasion to blaspheme." God has given all who will use it a means of proving those who profess to exercise divine power, so that none need be deceived. The divine touchstone to which all such manifestations are to be brought is the word of God. " To the law and to the testimony : if they speak not according to this word, it is because there is no light in them."'  That word can never deceive those who put their trust in it, and it is the only safety for anybody in these last days. By it the Catholic saints, shrines, and miracles must be tried. If in anything they speak not according to that word it is because " there is no light in them." What then, is the purpose and what the effect of Roman Catholic miracles ? Perhaps this question cannot be answered better than by quoting a paragraph from an article on "The Shrine of St. Ann," in the Catholic World, for October, as follows:Š While we hear a great dealŠand rightly soŠof our American pilgrimage of Ste Anne de Beaupr6, com-paratively few in this country know anything of its European ancestress, of the mother shrine in the Old World which the Breton sailors, mindful of home and its associations, had in view when, tossed by the storms of the Atlantic, they promised " la bonne Sainte Anne " that if she saved them from the seas they would erect in her honor, and on the very spot where they would land, a new shrine on this distant shore. Saint Ann heard the prayers of her children: we possess our beautiful sanctuary under her protec-tion, which bids fair to become for Canada and the New World what Sainte Anne d'Auray is for Brittany Rev. 13: 13, 14. Rev. 16: 13, 14. e Eph. 4: 14. 7  Isa. 8: 20. 