AMERICAN SENTINEL_ 357 a laugh, and you will take. Touch very lightly on Bible teachings and Bible principles, especially the teachings of Christ through his apostles. Talk about higher criticism and an educated ministry, and when you were in college; preach about this great universe, sun, moon and stars; come down to earth once in a while and talk about the wonderful inventions of menŠwhat great things they are doing in these days of steam, telegraph, telephone and electricity. "This is a great world and we are a great people. The Bible is a great book, wonderful, considering the age in which it was gotten up, but is hardly up to the times. Criticise it as the teachings of men, and when you find anything that does not just correspond with your views, just say: `Paul was an old bachelor, and did not like the women any way, or had dyspepsia, and did not know what was the matter with him. Peter got the blues, and James had the gout.' Make it sound funny. "What were Peter, Paul, James or John compared with the men who occupy the.pulpits at the present day? Can not the people go to Christ to-day without their in_ structionŠChrist and the Spirit, not the gospel? Smite your breast and cry, 'Christ within!' These men are good, no matter whether they have obeyed the gospel or not; they are honest and sincere, and it does not seem right to tell them they have not obeyed the Master. Preach a goody-goody kind of salvation that will please the people; leave the gospel of Christ and his salvation therein taught out of the que$tion, and you may take the world, or at least the world will take you, in this craze of interdenominationalism, singing: `The world for Christ, and Christ for the world, with the Christ left out.' " The Outlook for General Disarmament. " New York Observer." Apra M. WE fear that those of us who have been looking for the speedy disarmament of the nations, and the settle-ment of international difficulties by arbitration, are far in advance of the times. For if the present conduct of Greece, Turkey and Spain teaches any lesson at all, it is that the desire to fight is that which nations will sacrifice most to gratify, and the power to fight the last element of national life which they lose.' Here are three nations practically bankrupt, and with every inducement to maintain peace and devote their energies to productive labor. Yet on a provocation to war, which with each could have been avoided by small compromises which would not have greatly affected national pride, they place on their frontiers within a few weeks, or send over sea, armies varying in number from 100,000 to 200,000 men. It is no true to say that this is the work of the govertiments alone, which regard themselves as trustees, and so must be keenly self-regarding as respects national honor. For the peoples are quite as ready to fight, and at the first summons forsake their avocations and join the colors, though they know that they will have nothing save gratification of the fighting instinct for their pay. Baptist Principles vs. Sunday Laws. From "Baptist Principles of *Religious Liberty," by Geo. B. Wheeler. 1. SUNDAY laws had their origin in a union of Church and State. 2. They were enacted to enforce the observance of a church dogma. 3. They have been perpetuated by church influence, and are therefore religious in origin, nature, and object. 4. They are used to persecute conscientious dis-senters. 5. They attempt to enforce a religious observance which pertains to the first table, contrary to Baptist principles. 6. They meddle with religion and matters of con-science contrary to the spirit of Christianity. 7. They were opposed by Roger Williams. 8. They discriminate in favor of the doctrine of one church and against the faith of another. 9. They have, between Sept. 29, 1885, and Dec. 31, 1896, imprisoned 41 conscientious Christians for a total of 1722 days. 10. They have driven 12 Christian men in the chain-gang of Tennessee for a total of 445 days. 11. They have been used by persons calling them-selves Baptists, to imprison their dissenting Sabbatarian neighbors, and to drive them into the chain-gang. 12. These cruel persecutions have been defended and encouraged by papers bearing the Baptist name. 13. Sunday laws are not based by their advocates on the idea that one day in seven is needed for recreation from continuous toil, since Sunday-law advocates at-temptŁ to prohibit all innocent recreation on that day. 14. Sunday laws would be sumptuary laws, even if it could be proved that they were civil instead of reli-gious, since they would attempt to dictate to the cit-izen when and how he should employ his time for his physical good. 15. Sunday laws and liquor laws are not alike, since the first seeks to protect the "holy day" from "desecra-tion," while liquor laws seek to protect the man against his liquor-maddened fellowman. 16. Sunday laws attempt to compel men to act out-wardly as though they believed the day holy, whether they do or not. 17. Sunday laws attempt to compel SeventhŁday observers to treat Sunday with the same outward regard that they pay to the Sabbath of the Lord, thus compell-ing them to break down the distinction which the Lord commands men to make between the Sabbath and other days of the week. 18. Sunday laws therefore conflict with the conscien-tious convictions of seventh-day observers, just as laws requiring Baptists to sprinkle their children conflicted with the conscientious convictions of Baptists in the early days of New England. 18. Sunday-law advocates to-day declare that sev- 