THE, ',SENTINEL; O, 467 fully to justify their opinion. Among the rebellious people which overturned the king's authority in the States, the elements of a stable government were not conspicuous ; and for years after the new nation set out upon the pathway of self-government, it pre-sented but a sorry spectacle among the powers of earth. It was without finances or . credit, it was torn by internal dissention which ripened into open strife, the colonies were jealous and suspicious of one an-other to such a degree that harmony between them seemed impossible, and the situation grew worse in-stead of better, until it seemed that the new fabric of self-government would inevitably fall to pieces. Those who predicted its downfall stood pointing at it the finger of scorn, and justifying their own wis-dom. But the republic survived, and out of the con-flict of discordant views and parties, under the in-spiration only of the love of liberty, were developed the elements of stability and strength which estab-lished the new nation upon a solid basis of prosperity and crowned the experiment of self-government with triumphant success. But the colonies would never have become self-governing if they had waited for the British parlia-ment to raise and solve all the problems involved in the experiment of self-government for that time ; and if the like questions respecting Cuba must be con-sidered and settled in Congress before Cuba has in-dependence, it may safely be affirmed that Cuba will wait long for self-government. The right of self-government for any people is an independent right, and not a privilege dependent upon decisions made by the finite wisdom of men. The problems that may arise from the inauguration of republican government in Cuba, or in any land, are beyond the power of any man to foresee. Those problems which appear greatest in anticipation, may prove to be but minor ones in reality, while really formidable difficulties may arise which were wholly unforeseen. The American Republic came near be-ing split asunder by a civil war, which no one fore-saw at the beginning; and as the problem of self-gov-ernment is not one which the foresight and wisdom of one people can settle for another, so the right of self-government is not one to be regulated by the authority of one people over another. It is a right in-dependent and unalienable. So long as a colony of ants can maintain self-gov-ernment, so long as the bUshmen of Central Africa can live and flourish independently of the advice and authority of their superior fellow-men, and so long as the gospel message proclaims self-government to all men as a duty, and pledges the power of God for its accomplishment in any and all in every land who will receive that message, let not that right be de-nied to any under the plea that they are not fit to  receive the boon. The only people not fit for self-government are those who do not want it, who pre- fer despotism in its place. s. The Inde'pendent and the Catholic Church. The. New York Independent is supposed to be a Protestant journal. Nevertheless it contains some things that have a strange sound coming from a Pro-testant source. For instance, in its issue of July 26 the Independent says : "The appointment of Bishop Blenk, an American priest who speaks Spanish, as head of the Catholic Church in Porto Rico, seems to be accomplishing most desirable results in the way of restoring the loyalty of the people to the Church."  In capitalizing "church" in this case we have sim-ply followed the Independent. When a Catholic says "the Church" he not only means the Roman Catholic Church, but he implies thereby that there is no other church. Probably the Independent uses the same term only by way of courtesy ; but it is impossible to say, since it regards "restoring the loyalty of the peo- ple" to the Catholic Church as a "most desirable" re-sult. However this may be, the Independent waxes quite enthusiastic over the work of the new Bishop of Porto Rico and says : "His appointment as bishop gave the island a man who had become acquainted with its condition, and who was an enthusiastic American, and who thus quite escaped the traditions and suspicions which had ham-pered the Church so long as it was under Spanish do-minion. Last February he issued a pastoral letter ex-horting the people to cling to their faith and to be true to the flag of their new country. He promised them that after a period of testing their power of self-government they might expect to be received as one of the States of the Union. This letter was read in all the churches." The Independent seems to see no impropriety in the bishop's telling the people what they may expect from the government. But it may be said that this is only the bishop's opinion. Very well ; be it so. Other governments have found that in dealing with colonies largely Catholic, it is sometimes quite neces-sary to have bishops who have opinions in accord with the government, or rather to have the government in accord with the bishops ; or at least to so far yield to the wishes of the bishop as to keep his influence on the side of the government. Henry IV. and Prince Bismarck are not the only civil rulers who have gone to Conossa, nor is there any assurance that there may not be yet many others to travel the same road. In order to maintain harmony between the civil and ecclesiastical authorities, governments have some-times insisted upon a voice in the, appointment of bishops. But this can be only when "the Church" is 