554 AMERICAN SENTINEL. FOR only nations or the rulers of nations can be al-lowed to sit in judgment on the affairs of nations. It is simply unthinkable that such matters should be intrusted to the discretion of a private citizen. And, hard as it is for popes and some other people to realize the fact, the "holy father" is now, has been for many a day, and is likely to remain, a private citizen, and nothing else, so far as this world and this world's business are concerned. It may be trueŠand, if true, it must be a great comfort to the venerable LeoŠthat the hold of the papacy on the minds and hearts of its children has been rather strength-ened than relaxed by the takinsk away of the temporal power. Perhaps its influence over personal thoughtŠin the domain of mindŠis greater than it was under the conditions of the past., But Rome is not at present a member of the family of nations to arbitrate or terrify. THERE is another conclusive reason why the Powers should never select a pope to decide between them. Just as the Bible cannot be used in the public schools except as a sacred book, so the pope can do no public act except as pope. To recognize him as such, by charging him with the performance of a public duty, would be to pave the way for a return to mediaeval conditions. Custom would, as it so often does, gradually ripen into right. Men's minds would be accustomed to the idea that there was something about the pope which peculiarly qualified him to guide their destinies, and thus the path be opened for usurpation. Let us hope, then, that papal interest in arbitration may remain purely speculative for some time at least. Christian Endeavor Convention at Sioux Falls, S. D. NEVER has our city been so excited and so filled with enthusiasm as during the Christian Endeavor Convention held here August 19-23. The sides of the streets, the show windows of all the business houses, and some of the residences, were deco-rated with the colors of the societyŠwhite and yellow. On every hand were seen their banners, consisting of a square flag divided in a straight line between the upper left-hand and lower right-hand corners. The lower part is yellow, the upper part white. In the upper right-hand corner is the monogram C. E., and along the dividing line were the words, Sioux Falls, and in the lower left-hand corner was the number '97. The first meeting of the convention was held in the large Germania Hall. It was the occasion of extending the welcome of the city to the Endeavorers. President Langdale introduced the speakers. The first was Mayor  Stites, who said he welcomed them because "We believe that your society will be and is a powerful aid in the advancement of Christian thought, and the consequent promotion of the best American citizenship." Miss Mary V. Olmstead, president of the city Union, said: "To the committee of '97 is- given the privilege of welcoming a gathering which claim a rearguard of 6,000 members throughout this young State. To-night the Christian Endeavor Union reaches its decennial milestone. In1887, eight societies and 200 members; in 1897, nearly 200 societies, with a membership of 6,000." Mr. G. F. Knappen welcomed the convention in behalf of the Epworth League. He welcomed them because "You are instruments in the hands of God in tearing down the strongholds of Satan." Rev. T. L. Fisher, in behalf of the churches of the city, said he welcomed the convention because they stim-ulated patriotism; because the work of the Endeavorers was to overcome denominational names. "A lack of unity is the cause," he said, "of our inefficiency. You will bring about this unity. I welcome you because you are the bodyguard of Jesus Christ." In his response, W. H. Mullins said: "The work of Christian Endeavor is to put patriotism into politics." "We can serve Christ in no better way than by placing good men into office." "Our object is to unite all the people of the world into one." In their business session six resolutions were adopted-the third of these reads as follows:Š " It is with alarm that we view the increasing dese-cration of the Sabbath, and we would urge upon all Christian Endeavorers the necessity of keeping sacred the Sabbath to our Lord's service and of taking steps to protect the sanctity of the day and also its civil observ-ance. We also heartily commend the action of the Sioux Falls Retail Clerks' Union in denouncing the desecration of the Sabbath." In an out-door address, Saturday evening, on Chris-tian Citizenship, Fred B. Smith said: "The foundation of this government rests upon the maintenance of the Chris-tian Sabbath. Do away with the Sabbath and the Gov-ernment falls." Such statements as these make it plain how a disregard of the Sunday sabbath can be construed into treason. We may then look fora fulfilment of Rev. 13 :15. Hon. H. H. Russell, superintendent of the Anti-Saloon League, in an address given Friday evening, urged the necessity of enforcing the " Sunday-closing law." Of this it may be said that to close saloons on Sunday is a very doubtful kind of temperance measure. I doubt if there is a saloon-keeper in this State but would rather have a Sunday-closing law on our statute books than not. He knows that his sales of liquor will simply be greater on the day before; and by closing on Sunday his nefarious business will be given the sanction of law. The scheme is altogether one to enforce the sacredness of the Sunday sabbath. G. W. ROGERS. Sioux Falls, Aug. 29. 