ERICAN SENTIN "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NO2; I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR- NEW YORK, JUNE 24, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 25. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. gar Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will he asked to pay ior it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) ISRAEL would form a State, and have a king, that they might be "like all the nations." All the nations were heathen. To be "like all the nations," then, was only to be like the heathen. All the nations became heathen, by rejecting God. Then when Israel would be like all the heathen, they could do so only by rejecting God. It was therefore but the simple statement of a fact, when the Lord said : " They have rejected me, that I should not reign over them." When Israel formed a State, they thereby created a union of religion and the State. But they had to reject God in order to form a State. Therefore they had to reject God in order to form a union of religion and the St ate. It follows, therefore, plainly, that no people can ever form a union of religion and the State without rejecting God. But though Israel had rejected God, yet he did not reject them. He still cared for them; and, through his prophets, still sought to teach and guide them, ever doing his. best to save them from the evil consequences which were inevitable in the course which they had taken. Long before the days of Samuel and Saul, Israel had been taught what would be the outcome of the forming themselves into a State and choosing a king. For the formation of a kingdom in the days of Saul, was but the culmination of a long-cherished desire in that direction. After the great victories of Gideon, a hundred years before the day of Saul, "the men of Israel said unto Gid-eon, Rule thou over us, both thou, and thy son, and thy  son's son also; for thou hast delivered us from the hand of Midian." This was nothing else than a proposition then to es-tablish a kingdom with Gideon as the first king, and the kingship to be hereditary in his family. But Gideon re-fused the offer, and "said unto them, I will not rule over you; neither shall my son rule over you : the Lord shall rule over you." Gideon knew that such a proposition meant the re.. jection of God; and he would have no part in any such thing. But the desire still lurked among the people : and forty years afterward, upon the death of Gideon, it was manifested openly in the men of Shechein making Abime-lech, a son of Gideon, king in Shechem. But in a parable, Jotham, the only other son of Gid-eon, who had survived the slaughter wrought by Abime-lech, mapped out plainly to the people what would be the sure result of their venture. Jotham stood on the top of Gerizim and called to the people of Shechem and said : "The trees went forth on a time to anoint a king over them : and they said unto the olive tree, Reign thou over us. "But the olive tree said unto them, Should I leave my fatness, wherewith by me they honor God and man, and go to be promoted over the trees? "And the trees said to the fig tree, Come thou, and reign over us. "But the fig tree said unto them, Should I leave my sweetness and my good fruit, and go to be promoted over the trees? "Then said the trees unto the vine, Come thou, and reign over us. "But the vine said unto them, Should I leave my wine which cheereth God and man, and go to be promoted over the trees ? "Then said all the trees unto the bramble, Come thou and reign over us. "And the bramble said unto them, If in truth ye anoint me king over you, then come and put your trust in my shadow : and if not, let fire come out of the bram-ble and devour the cedars of Lebanon. 