248 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. V01. 4 No. 3L TI2e An2eitical2 gel2tii2e1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, AucatsT 28 , 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him` by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishersi to pay for the same. WE are thankful to the friends who have sent us newspapers, clippings, etc., giving items of in-terest in the work to which the SENTINEL is de-voted. All such favors are fully appreciated. To,  our contributors and correspondents we would say, If your matter does not appear imme-diately do not conclude that _it is not wanted. We do the best we can with all, though some may have to wait a while. THE district secretary of the American Sabbath Union for the California district is Rev. A. J. Nelson, D. D. He says that "Dr. Crafts is the in-spiration of the American Sabbath Union." We think that that is correct, and we have thought so ever since that Union was formed. We are satisfied that that is just as high a source as any from which the inspiration of that movement ever can come. THE National Reform Association, not content with the alliance of the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union, is mustering the women on its own account. It has a "special secretary of the National Reform Association ", Mrs. E. J. Croth-ers, of New York, " for the formation of National Reform Circles" of women called "King's Daugh-ters." The purpose of the organization "is to dis-seminate National Reform literature and to raise money for the cause. " Woman .was first in the transgression, and we are afraid she is going to be the last. It is too bad. SUNDAY night, August 4, in the United Pres-byterian Church of San Francisco, Dr. A. J. Nel-son said that " Dr. Crafts is -the originator and in-spiration and embodiment of the American Sab-bath-Union." This explains why the SENTINEL has. had to mention Mr. Crafts so often. We did not like to do it because, to those who do not un-derstand the whole matter, it appears as though the SENTINEL was making this a personal contest. But we are not. The SENTINEL is opposing the whole Sunday-law movement, in whatever form it appears, and the American Sabbath Union in particular, and as that organization is embodied in Mr. Crafts, we are compelled, in the nature of the case, to mention his name a good deal. But let no one think that it is a personal matter. However, at Mr. Crafts "is the originator, and in-spiration, and embodiment of the American Sab-bath Union," it will be proper henceforth for us to refer to him under the title of the American Sabbath Union. THE American Sabbath Union says that it is the business of the law to make all occupations safe for those of easy virtue. This was said in an argument in behalf of the Sunday law. This ar-gueS that they haven't conscience enough to do what they think to be right so long as there is money to be made in doing what they think is wrong, so that government must step in and es-tablish a law, taking away all opportunity to do  what they think to be wrong- so they can all do what they think is right. Plainly expressed the argument is that those people haven't conscience enough to do what they think is right, therefore there must be an enactment of law which will enable them to do it without conscience. In other words they want the civil law to supply the place of conscience. And then the Union de-claims against the absence of such that "it de-bauches conscience!" The debauchery of con-science is in the system that they seek to have es-tablished. To illustrate the distinction between the civil and religious sabbath, and how the church in-sists upon the religious sabbath, while the State enforces the civil, the American Sabbath Union tells how a farmer set up in his watermelon patch a warning, saying: "Boys, don't steal these mel-ons for they are green, and God sees you." The field secretary of the Union says that this illus- trates how the church forbids Sabbath work be-cause God sees them, while the State only forbids it because it is unhealthy. But now, here comes Mr. Gault, a district sec-retary of the Union, and says that in that warn- ing:Š " That farmer appealed to divine authority. He gave the boys to understand that they must not steal melons not only because it injured them, but because God saw them; and in that way he reached their consciences. Well, that simple idea of the farmer expresses the philosophy that underlies this whole question. I believe that government can reach the consciences of the people." Now when these people get the National Sun-day law, and by that succeed in making effective the State Sunday laws, which of these views it is that will be carried into effect can be fully known beforehand from the known character of the men who are conducting.the cause, as well as from the discussion of the subject by those men them-selves. It will then be found that the unhealthy part of the melon-stealing has faded entirely from view in the overwhelming importance of the fact thatŠthe preachers see you. Ł . THE Telegraph, of Dubuque, Iowa, gives in its issue of May 3, 1889, the following excellent rea-sons for 'opposing the National Reform move-ment :- 1. It would be a union of Church and State. 2. Such a union, as shown by existing Old World governments, is not favorable to physical, mental, or spiritual progress. 3. Our Constitution as it is, has for the past hundred years worked better than any constitu-tion that any other earthly government has ever had. 4. It would destroy political liberty, and work such confusion in the religious world as to-en-danger Christianity itself. 5. Religious belief would become a test for office, which would breed a race of hypocrites. 6. All the reforms which the association regard as necessary, can be accomplished without resort-ing to the dangerous measures which they pro- pose. 7. The government affords every protection to all classes for the propagation of their religious views, and with this encouragement, with the good wishes of even non-church members, with theolog-ical schools constantly graduating preachers, the clergy should be able to create a moral public sen-timent, without endangering the public school sys-tem, and menacing evil to all that every patriot holds dear. The Telegraph concludes its article thus:Š " That an association composed mainly of min-isters should appeal to the law to effect by force, reforms which should come as the fruition of moral suasion, is virtually a confession that the pulpit is losing its virility and influence. 'What the causes of this loss are, the ministers them-selves are best able to tell. It is probably chiefly due to the fact that they don't preach as much Christianity as they should." SCOTLAND is noted as a Sunday-keeping country. It has strict laws in regard to Sunday observance, and they are probably more rigidly enforced than in any other country in the world. Yet, in his evi-dence before the British House of Commons, a few years ago, Sheriff Allison, of Glasgow, a gentleman who may fairly be presumed to know something on the subject, said "I am sure there are eighty thousand people in Glasgow who are just as completely heathens to all intents and purposes as the Hottentots of Africa. Of course, they have all heard there is a God ; but as to any practical operation of the influence of religion upon their minds, they never go to church, or to any place where moral and religious instruction is carried on. I should think there are ten thousand men in Glasgow who get drunk on Saturday nightŠwho are drunk all Sunday, and are in a state of intoxica-tion, or half-intoxication, all Monday, and go to work on fuesday. . . . I am decidedly of opinion that the overstrained observance of Sunday in Scot-land has perhaps a more prejudicial than beneficial effect in manufacturing towns. . . . I think that the observance of the Sunday in Catholic countries on the Continent is much more conducive to benefit than the strict observance of it in Scotland." This is only another evidence showing that there is more wickedness under Sunday laws than without them. THE Missouri Sabbath Convention was held to promote the interest of the-movement for a national Sunday law, and a State Union was or-ganized auxiliary to the National, to carry for- ward the work. The ideas expressed in that con-vention by the representative men of it, it is certainly fair to presume, show what is the object of at least that part of a movement for national Sunday laws. Rev. Thomas H. Tatlow read the first, and indeed the principal, paper of the con-vention, in which he said :Š " The Sabbath was made for man, that thereby he .may secure to himself, out of every week, one day's fellowship with God, by meditating on his word, by worshiping in his sanctuary, and by individually en-tering into his presence, the doors being shut." We have no fault to find with that. It is very well expressed. What we object to is the effort that these men make to secure such a thing as that by civil law. We object also to their claim that such an institution as that can be called a civil Sabbath, or that laws for its observance should be enforced upon civil basis. Such things never can be. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religions. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending 'toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - Address, 11.1VIEIIICAN SENTINEL, 1059 Castro St., O.km..AND, CAL. 