50 ANIEIZIEtICAW  VoL. 9, No. 7. above those of the people which they de-stroyed, that savage as they were, they were caused fairly to blush at the shame-ful corruptions which they found in this so-called Christian society of Rome. This is proved by the best authority. A writer who lived at the time of the barbarian invasions, and who wrote as a Christian, gives the following evidence as to the con-dition of things :Š The church which ought everywhere to propitiate God, what does she, but provoke him to anger? How many may one meet, even in the church, who are not still drunkards, or debauchees, or adulterers, or for-nicators, or robbers, or murderers, or the like, or all these at once, without end ? It is even a sort of holi-ness among Christian people, to be less vicious." From the public worship of God, and almost during it, they pass to deeds of shame. Scarce a rich man but would commit murder and fornication. We have lost the whole power of Christianity, and offend God the more, that we sin as Christians. We are worse than the barbarians and heathen. If the Saxon is wild, the Frank faithless, the Goth inhuman, the Alanian drunken, the Hun licentious, they are, by reason of their ignorance, far less punishable than we, who, knowing the commandments of God, commit all these crimes.f And Dr. Schaff remarks of this very period, and the consequences of this effort of the papacy at the civilization of the Roman Empire : " Nothing but the divine judgment of destruction upon this nom-inally Christian but essentially heathen world, could open the way for the moral regeneration of society." This is pre-cisely how the papacy gave " Christian civilization " and " salvation " to the Roman Empire, when she held full and undisputed possession of it for more than a hundred years. And her work of civil-izing the' barbarians was after precisely the same order. Indeed, how could it be otherwise, when Cardinal Gibbons assures us that the Catholic Church "is in this world the one thing that never changes." The Burgundians were the first of the barbarian nations to be " converted " to the Catholic Church; and through them she " converted " the Franks. An ac-count of this matter will illustrate the powers and efficiency of the papacy in the work of civilizing the barbarians and thus giving everlasting proof that she is the source of civilization and salvation to nations in general and the American Re-public in particular. THE Burgundians were settled in that part of Gaul which now forms Western Switzerland and that part of France which is now the province and district of Bur-gundy. As early as A. D. 430, the Huns, making inroads into Gaul, severely af-flicted the Burgundians, who, finding im-potent the power of their own god, deter-mined to try the Catholic god. They therefore sent representatives to a neigh-boring city in Gaul, requesting the Cath-olic bishop to receive them. The bishop had them fast for a week, during which time he catechised them, and then baptized them. Soon afterward the Burgundians found the Huns without a leader, and, suddenly falling upon them at the disad-vantage, confirmed their conversion by the slaughter of ten thousand of the en-emy. Thereupon the whole nation em-braced the Catholic religion " with fiery zeal."§ Afterward, however, when about the fall of the empire, the Visigoths, under Euric, asserted their dominion over all Spain, and the greater part of Gaul, and t Salvian, quoted by Schaff, Idem, sec. 12, par. 3. § Milman's " History of Latin Christianity," book ii, chap ii, par. 21; Socrates's "Ecclesiastical Ilistoryl" book yii, chap. xxx. over the Burgundians too, they deserted the Catholic god, and adopted the Arian faith. Yet Clotilda, a niece of the Burgundian king, " was educated " in the profession of the Catholic faith. She married Clovis, the pagan king of the pagan Franks, and strongly persuaded him to become a Cath-olic. All her pleadings were in vain, however, till A. D. 496, when, in a great battle with the Alemanni, the Franks were getting the worst of the conflict, in the midst of the battle Clovis vowed that if the victory could be theirs, he would become a Catholic. The tide of battle turned; the victory was won, and Clovis was a Catholic. Clotilda hurried away a messenger with the glad news to the bishop of Rheims, who came to baptize the new convert. But after the battle was over and the dangerous crisis was past, Clovis was not real certain that he wanted to be a Catholic. He must consult his warriors. He did so, and they signified their readiness to adopt the same religion as their king. He then declared that he was convinced of the truth of the Catholic religion, and the "new Constantine" was baptized Christ-mas day, A. D. 496. The pope sent to Clovis a letter congratulating him on his conversion. The bishop of Vienne also sent a letter to the new convert, in which he prophecied that the faith of Clovis would be a surety of the victory of the Catholic religion; and he, with every other Catholic in Christendom, was ready to his utmost to see that the prophecy was fulfilled. THE Catholics in all the neighboring countries longed and prayed and conspired that Clovis might deliver them from the rule of Arian monarchs; and in the nature of the case, war soon followed. Burgundy was the first country invaded. Before the war actually began, however, by the advice of the bishop of Rheims, a synod of the orthodox bishops met at Lyons; then, with the bishop of Vienne at their head, they visited the king of the Bur-gundians, and proposed that he call the Arian bishops together, and allow a con-ference to be held, as they were prepared to prove that the Arians were in error. To their proposal the king replied : " If yours be the true doctrine, why do you not prevent the king of the Franks from waging an unjust war against me, and from caballing with my enemies against me ? There is no true Christian faith where there is rapacious covetousness for the possessions of others, and thirst for blood. Let him show forth his faith by his good works." 0 The bishop of Vienne dodged this pointed question, and replied: " We are ignorant of the motives and intentions of the king of the Franks; but we are taught by the Scripture that the kingdoms which aban-don the divine law, are frequently sub-verted ; and that enemies will arise on every side against those who have made God their enemy. Return with thy people to the law of God, and he will give peace and security to thy dominions."* War followed, and the Burgundian dominions were made subject to the rule of Clovis, A. D. 500. The Visigoths possessed all the south-western portion of Gaul. They, too, were Arians; and the mutual conspiracy of the Idem, book iii, chap. ii, par. 27. * Gibbon's " Decline and Fall," chap. xxxviii, par. 8. Catholics in the Gothic dominions, and the crusade of the Franks from the side of Clovis, soon brought on another holy war. At the assembly of princes and warriors at Paris, A. D. 508, Clovis com- plained : " It grieves me to see that the Arians still possess the fairest portion of Gaul. Let us march against them with the aid of God; and, having vanquished the heretics, we will possess and divide their fertile province." Clotilda added her pious exhortation to the effect " that doubtless the Lord would more readily lend his aid if some gift were made ; " and in response, Clovis seized his battle-ax and threw it as far as he could, and as it went whirling through the air, he ex- claimed, " There, on that spot where my Francesca shall fall, will I erect a church in honor of the holy apostles."t War was declared ; and as Clovis marched on his way, he passed through Tours, and turned aside to consult the shrine of St. Martin of Tours, for an omen. " His messengers were instructed to remark the words of the Psalm which should happen to be chanted at the precise moment when they entered the church." And the orac-ular clergy took care that the words which he should " happen " to hear at that momentŠuttered not in Latin, but in language which Clovis understoodŠshould be the following from Psalm xviii : " Thou hast girded me, 0 Lord, with strength unto the battle; thou hast subdued unto me those who rose up against me. Thou hast given me the necks of mine enemies, that I might destroy them that hate me." The oracle was satisfactory, and in the event was completely successful. " The Visigothic kingdom was wasted and sub-dued by the remorseless sword of the Franks." Nor was the religious zeal of Clovis con-fined to the overthrow of the Arians. There were two bodies of the Franks, the Salians and the Ripuarians. Clovis was king of this, Salians, Sigebert of the Ripu-arians. Clovis determined to be king of all; he therefore prompted the son of Sigebert to assassinate his father, with the promise that the son should peaceably succeed Sigebert on the throne; but as soon as the murder was committed, Clovis commanded the murderer to be murdered, and then in a full parliament of the whole people of the Franks, he solemnly vowed that he had had nothing to do with the murder of either the father or the son; and upon this, as there was no heir, Clovis was raised upon a shield, and proclaimed king of the Ripuarian Franks ;Šall of which Gregory, bishop of Tours, com-mended as the will of God, saying of Clovis that " God thus daily prostrated his ene-mies under his hands, and enlarged his kingdom, because he walked before him with an upright heart, and did that which was well pleasing in his sight." § Thus was the bloody course of Clovis glorified by the Catholic writers, as the triumph of the orthodox doctrine of the Trinity over Arianism. When such ac-tions as these were so lauded by the clergy as the pious acts of orthodox Catholics, it is certain that the clergy themselves were no better than were the bloody objects of their praise. Under the influence of such ecclesiastics, the condition of the barba-rians after their so-called conversion, could not possibly be better, even if it were not t Idem, par. 11. t Idem, par. 12, and Milman's " History of Latin Christianity," Book iii, chap. ii, par. 29. § Milman's "History of Latin Christianity," Idem, par. 29, 