AMERICAN SENTINEL. 413 AN exchange says: "The danger to civil peace of mingling religious controversies with purely civil affairs is illustrated by the agitation in Canada against the denunciation of Roman Catholicism in the Coronation Oath. The Roman Catholics of Quebec hold the balance of power in Canadian politics, and a Catholic journal hints that 'bloody revolutions have arisen out of re-ligious outrages such as this.' It would be an evil day for Canada if all political lines should be sharply drawn between Protestantism and Catholicism." THE June number of the Training School Advocate is the annual calendar for Battle Creek College. The paper, containing about 125 pages, is filled with inter-esting matter on the subject of education. These prin-ciples are clearly outlined. About 30 pages are devoted to reports from various church schools. The work of the conference schools is also considered, together with the plans of the college for extending its influence in dif-ferent fields. The paper is well illustrated and should be in the hands of all who are interested in the subject of education. Send ten cents in stamps for a copy. Address THE ADVOCATE,- Battle Creek College, Battle Creek, Mich. SENDFOR ifC AyToAu  LhOa  Gv e  o aFn  oy  uind e aof  PUBLICATIONS,purehasing.  PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Banx Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co. not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN S   1-41ŁTTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncomŁ promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION, PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. 44 " Six months .50. 44 Three months ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. Sunbeams of realth anb Eemperance. This is a unique work in which the author has under-taken to present a vast amount of inter-esting information in such a manner as to be not only instructive but entertaining. The folloWing are the titles of the prin-cipal sections of the work : The House We Live In; The Habitations of Men; Some Strange People and Their Strange Manners ; The Bills of Fare of all Nations ; Dame Fashion and Her Slaves; Health and Temperance Miscellany; Hygiene for Young Folks. Over 224 quarto pages. Illustrated by hundreds of engravings. One of the most interesting volumes ever published. Regular price. We will seed postpaid. Cloth, plain edges, $2.25. $1.25. Cloth, gilt edges, 2.50. 1.50. Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond Street, New York. EveryAIDay_.., A book containing 184 pages of practical information concerning the healthful prepartion of numerous dishes of all edible grains, fruits, and vegetables. A chapter is devoted to Suggestions for Canning Fruit, which alone is worth the price of the book. There is also a Daily Morning Program of Kitchen Work,includ-ing hints on Economizing Money, Material, and Time; General Suggestions for Economical House-work; Every-day Bills of Fare, and a copious index of the entire work. Bound in board sides and cloth back. PRICE,postpaid, . 85CENTS. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY.  39 Bond Street, New York City, N. Y. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign. Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to the FOREIGN MIS-SION BOARD, 150 Nassau Street, New York. 