"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, / Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, JUNE 21, 1894. NUMBER 25.   American Sentinel. PUBLISHED IYEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORR. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLL MAN, A. F. BALLENGER, - ASSISTANT EDITOR. THE Christian doctrine of the real pres-ence is, " Christ in you." THE Catholic theory of the real presence is, " Christ in the eucharist." THE Christian doctrine of the real pres-ence is, Christ in the believer by the cre-ative power and overshadowing of the Spirit of God. The Catholic theory of the real presence is, Christ in the euchar-ist by the word of the priest. IN the Christian doctrine of the real presence there is an inward change or con-version of the soul of the believer himself by the power of the Holy Spirit, by which he is made " a new creature." In the Catholic theory of the real presence there is what is called an "inward change or conversion " of the bread and wine, or the wafer, of the communion, into the very flesh and blood of Jesus Christ by the word and at the will of the priest. NOR is any of this mere captious criti-cism or prejudiced statement. It is all the straight truth. And that all may see that it is so, we herewith give the author- itative proof. First, as to the real pres-ence of ChriSt being in the eucharist. Here is the statement:Š Among the various dogmas of the Catholic Church there is none which rests on stronger Scriptural au-thority than the doctrine of the real presence of Jesus Christ in the holy eucharist. The fathers of the church, without an exception, re-echo the language of the apostle of the Gentiles, by proclaiming the real pres-ence of our Lord in the eucharist. . . . I have counted the names of sixty-three fathers and eminent ecclesi-astical writers flourishing between the first and the sixth century, all of whom proclaim the real presence Šsome by explaining the mystery, others by thanking God for this inestimable gift, and others by exhorting the faithful" to its worthy reception.ŠFaith of Our Fathers, pp. 327, 839. AND that it is in the eucharist instead  of " in you," is shown by the following words:Š Redemption satisfied eternal justice, but it did not satisfy the Saviour's. love : this still required the eu-charist. The Saviour's love is a consuming passion, and his love achieved the blessed sacrament. There is no true lover but would work a miracle to attain a perfect union with the beloved. Our Saviour had the power, and he wrought the miracle of the real pres-ence. . . . On the altar behold the infinite longing of your Saviour.ŠPhilip O'Neil, in Catholic Mirror, January 20, 1894. Every one knows that example loses much of its efficacy in passing through the medium of history, and that virtues perceived at a distance of eighteen centu-ries are not sufficiently eloquent to move our hearts! It vas then very necessary that the divine Model of the elect should dwell in the midst of us full of grace and truth, and that he should offer to each one the living picture of the same virtues which charmed the witnesses of his mortal life and attracted to him so powerfully the hearts of his disciples. This need Jesus Christ satisfies in his eucharistic life. Could Jesus Christ manifest more strikingly his unspeakable tenderness for sinners, and his ardent zeal for their salvation than he does in the adorable sacrament in which he condemns himself to remain on the earth so long as there is one soul to save ?ŠReligion in Society, by Abbe Martinet, Introduction by Archbishop Hughes, of New York, p. 180. Sadlier & Co., Barclay St., N. Y. AND that it is at the word and will of the priest that this is all done, is shown plainly enough and strongly enough to satisfy anybody, in the following words :Š To obtain from us this abnegation of self, it was not enough that the Son of God obeyed Mary and Joseph for thirty years; made himself, during his public life, the servant. of all; and delivered himself, without re-sistance, to his executioners. For eighteen hundred years that he has reigned at the right hand of the Father, he never has ceased to give to men the exam-ple of the most universal and humiliating obedience. Every day multitudes of priests, be they fervent, luke-warm, or vicious,Šit is the sameŠsummon him where it pleases them, give him to whom they will, confine him under lock and key, and dispose of him at their p. 188. AND that by the words or ceremony of consecration pronounced by the priest there is what is called an "inward change or conversion " of the bread and wine, or the wafer, into the very flesh and blood of Christ, is shown in these words :Š The holy eucharist is the true body and blood of Jesus Christ under the outward appearances of bread and wine. . . : This most blessed sacrament con-tains truly, really, and substantially, though not per-ceptibly to our senses, nor with their natural acci-dents, . . . the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ, together with his soul and divinity, which can never be separated from his body and blood. . . The Catholic Church teaches that, before consecration,  that which on the altar appears to be bread and wine, is simply bread and wine; and that after the conse-cration of that bread and wine, what appears to be bread and wine is no longer bread and wine, but the body and blood of Jesus Christ. Something remains, namely, the outward qualities or species of bread and wine; and something is changed, namely, the inward, invisible substance of that bread and wine, into the body and blood of Christ; this inward change or con-version is what is called transubstantiation.ŠCatholic Belief, pp. 93, 95. HAVING found so full and so plain a statement of the Catholic theory of the " real presence," it is only proper that we should have an official and highly author-itative "argument from the New Testa-ment," which is set forth as sustaining the theory : even an " argument " by Car-dinal Gibbons. He presents " three classes of arguments" on the point, but his first one will be all-sufficient for this occasion. Here are his words :Š . I shall select three classes of arguments from the New Testament which satisfactorily demonstrate the real presence of Christ in the blessed sacrament. The first of these speaks of the promise of the eucharist; . To begin with the words of the promise. While Jesus was once preaching near the coast of the sea of Galilee, he was followed as usual by an immense num-ber of persons, who were attracted to him by the mir-acles which he wrought, and the words of salvation which he spoke. Seeing that the people had no food, he multiplied five loaves and two fishes to such an extent as to supply the wants of five thousand men., besides women and children. Our Lord considered the present a favorable occa-sion for speaking of the sacrament of his body and blood, which was to be distributed, not to a few thou-sands, but to millions of souls; not in one place, but everywhere ; not at one time, but all days, to the end of the world, "I am," he says to his hearers, "the bread of life. Your fathers did eat manna in the desert, and died. . . . I am the living bread which came down from heaven. If any man eat of this bread, he shall live forever: and the bread which I will give, is my flesh for 'the life of the world. The Jews, therefore, disputed among themselves, saying, How can this man give us his flesh to eat ? Then Jesus said to them, Amen, amen, I say to you: Unless ye eat the flesh of the Son of man, and drink his blood, ye shall not have life in you. He that eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, bath everlasting life, and I will raise him up on the last day. For my flesh is meat indeed, and my blood is drink indeed. If you had been among the number Of our Saviour's hearers on that occasion, would you not have been irresistibly led, by the noble simplicity of his words, to understand him as speaking truly of his body and blood ? For his language is not susceptible of any other interpretation. When our Saviour says to the Jews: "Your fathers did eat manna, and died, . . . but he that eateth this (eucharist) bread shall live,forever," he. evidently - EDITORS. - - 