66 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. second commandment, and the general injunctions and precepts of religion; it generates a contempt for holy things,"Štherefore he follows the Carolina prece-dent, being convinced, as he says, that " it is difficult to conceive how profane 'cursing and swearing in public could fall short of what the law denominates a nuisance." In holding thus the Judge seems entirely unconscious of the fact that he is ignoring the explicit wording of the statute of the State, as well as that of the different laws from which it has been transmitted. The language of the statute is, in one section, "shall forfeit and pay fifty cents for every oath or curse," and in another section, "shall forfeit one dollar for each oath or curse," showing that it was the clear in-tent of the statute to provide for a repeti-tion of oaths by affixing a certain penalty to each and every profane expression. Nevertheless, Judge Caruthers follows the precedent in which the Carolina judge not only went beyond the limit of his juris-diction, but directly contrary to the ex-pressed language of the statute of his State. The next reported case of this character came before the March term of court 1871, having been appealed from an arrest of judgment in the Circuit Court in 1867. The presentment charges the defendant with uttering " profane and blasphemous language as therein stated to the great scandal and nuisance of all good citizens, etc." The opinion of the court was deliv-ered by Judge Nelson, and after succinctly stating the case, he decides the question in two concise sentences, thus:Š The offense was held to be indictable, in an able and exhaustive opinion by Judge Caruthers, in the State vs. Graham, 3 Sneed 134, and no other cita-tion of authorities is necessary. Reverse flab judg-ment, let the defendant be fined five dollars, with costs, and remand the cause under the code. Thus easily does error multiply itself and become a fixed habit in human prac-tice. A North Carolina judge in 1809 decides that as the act of 1741 makes a single expression of profane swearing a finable offense under the law of Carolina, therefore he does not see why its repetition may not become a nuisance and be indict-able,Štherefore it is a nuisance and in-dictable,Šand, forty-four years after, Judge Caruthers, by decision of the Su-preme Court of Tennessee, puts in the fixed and settled law of that State, the same double error, of attempting to mete out a punishment by human law for that which is solely an offense against God and his law, and extending the scope of the action, from a petty offense under the jurisdiction of a justice, to an indictable crime referred to a higher court. The erroneous precedent is established, and as appears from the next case reported it is followed thereafter, without question or comment; and the only reason that the Judge thinks necessary to give in sup- port of such a course is the citation of the single precedent. It is noticeable that the two cases thus far cited have served to give the highest judicial authority in the State to the transfer of the Carolina law against blas-phemy and profanity into the Tennessee law, and to sanction its extension into an indictable offense when repetition might give color to the claim that the language was a nuisance. These two cases, that of State vs. Graham, 3 Sneed 134, decided by Judge Caruthers, and that of state Vs. Steele, 3 Heiskell i38, decided by Judge Nelson, have gone thus far and no farther. In the September term, 1887, comes the case Of State vs. Gaines, 7 Lea 410, in which Judge .Cooper, after having quoted these two cases, continued And it.  was said by the eminent judge who de-livered the opinion of this court in the State vs. 0-raham that an isolated aet of profanity was only punishable under the act of 1741 brought into the code, section 1725, which imposes a small pecuniary penalty for each oath, recoverable before a justice of the peace. It is possible, however, to conceive of Cases where even a single with, either by its terms, its tone, or manner, might under the peculiar cit.-cionstances, be held to be a nuisance: In the case Under his consideration.  the Judge held that the prisoner was only finable, not indictable, because the pro-fanity was not in public, and although two oaths were proved against him it was only by the testimony of two separate witnesses, yet it is well worthy Of note that in the italicised sentence Judge Cooper has given sanction to an enlarge-ment of the sphere of possible indictment in these cases not before contemplated. In the very next reported case, State vs. Young, 10 Lea 165, Judge Cooper himself takes advantage of this extension of in-dictment to certain single cases of profan-ity, which he has himself suggested, to make a decision, upon his own previous decision as authority, to fix that doctrine as a precedent to be followed in succeed-ing cases. The matter was brought before the Supreme Court on an appeal in error from the Circuit Court of Wilson County. In the Circuit Court it was moved to quash the indictment on the ground that but one offense was charged, and, according to the statute, was therefore only to be proceeded upon before a justice of the peace. The Court overruled this motion and Young was convicted. He then appealed in error from that judg-ment. In delivering his opinion Judge Cooper said :Š A single act of profanity would not, ordinarily, be sufficient to convict a defendant. But, as we have said, even a single oath, either by its terms, its tone or manner, or the circumstances under which it was 'uttered, might be a nuisance. Gaines vs. State, 7 Lea 110. Whether it was or not would be a question for the jury under a proper charge. The question, therefore, upon the second ground of the motion to quash, is whether the indictment should expressly charge that the oath was repeated more than once, or set out the circumstances by reason of which the single oath would have become a nuisance.  But it would be difficult to embody in an indict-ment the tone and manner of utterance, or the vari-ety of circumstances which would go to make a single oath 'a nuisance. . Affirm the judg- ntaiL Thus by an accretion of precedent, so remarkably gained, has the severity of the provincial law in the case of profanity and blasphemy, been increased from simple. fine by a justice of the peace to indict-ment by grand jury and arraignment be-fore the higher Court. For this there is not the slightest shadow of legislative au.,. thority. It is judicial legislation entirely. Under it he who is guilty of a single word Of profanity is liable to indictment under Which he will be subject to a heavy fine, and to increased costs in any event, as well as greater publicity given to the case and consequently wider disgrace; and this too notwithstanding that the statute takes into Consideration just such cases, and provides for them a stated penalty for each oath, so that the enlargement of the application of the statute is extra ju-dicial entirely, and without shadow of ex-cuse to be found in the language of the Statute itself or its evident intent. This steady growth of error by subtle and almost imperceptible additions along judicial lines marks a great danger of the time. The assumption by the judiciary of power outside and beyond its legitimate spherers-encroaching upon legislative pre-rogatiVes,Šhas ever been productive of the direst results. The most terrible events nar-rated in English and French history wit-ness to this. Where a statute is an error to begin with its growth is nothing but the continuance of disease which must re-sult in a monstrosity. And nothing has ever produced such monstrous forms of legalized injustice and barbarity as the unnatural graft of legal enactment upon religious prejudice. If the reign of precedent is allowed to continue, and increase in the future as it has in the past, that in itself will be suf-ficient to eventually place this country entirely under religious rule, without any further legislation whatever. W. II. M. THE State can not teach morality, be-cause it does not know morality. It does not know absolute right and wrong; it knows rights and wrongs. It does not know absolute goodness and badness; it knows the efficient and the detrimental. It does not know the holy and the sinful; it knows the loyal and the criminal. It does not know theft and murder and adul-tery and slander as wrong; it knows them as wrongs, as infractions of the rights of others, and as hurtful to the body politic. Thus not having a cognition of morality, it is impossible for the State to teach moral-ity.ŠRev. Owen James. SUNDAY laws are always and every-where religious. 