OCTOBER 12, 1803. AMIMILITCAN .ENrIPTINTM,— 315 purposes of the congress and the move-ment it represented. There was to Mr. Bonney no sense of the inconsistency of his position in the parliament as con-trasted with that in the Sunday rest con-gress. It is no injustice then to him to assume that what he said in opening the Sunday rest sessions was true, and that he really considered this, as he said, a continuation of, and of no less importance than, the parliament itself. His unity of religion is then a great combination for the furtherance of religious dogma, and the establishment of a brotherhood pledged to the enforcement of those dogmas by law. Chicago. w. H. M. President Cleveland's Letter to the Pope. [By SCOTT F. HERSHEY, Ph. D., Washington, D. C., in Rocky Mountain American, of September 8.] Editor Rocky Mountain American: The readers of your paper are familiar with the letter of President Cleveland to the Pope of Rome, congratulating him on the occasion of the fiftieth anniversary of his elevation to the episcopacy of Rome. That letter does not express the sentiments of at least fifty millions of our people, and is certainly offensive to most of us. If it be true that a president is to express in his public acts what he fairly thinks rep-resents the views held by a majority of the people, then our President has cer-tainly misunderstood us this time; or if he is to publicly act for what he believes is for the present and future good of the country,Šthen to cultivate intimate rela-tions with the papal throne is simply stupid. The American people do not unite with the President in extending to the Pope any congratulations bearing upon his offi-cial elevation. We are averse to any man being congratulated for being elevated to distinguished rank in any form of organ-ized evil which means peril to free nations. Why did not the President of the United States, at the time of the elevation of Phillips Brooks to the bishopric of the Episcopal Church in our own country, extend his congratulations to that noble and well-beloved and remarkable man ? 'The spirit and sentiment of such an act would have found an echo in the hearts (If millions of the people of this country, though the political wisdom of a president doing such a thing, upon a purely religious occasion, might well have been questioned. There is a question to be asked which has a fine stiletto point to it. Did Grover Cleveland send this letter to the Pope solely upon the grounds of religious sen-timent ? Certainly not ! Such a course would be without a precedent in American diplomacy. Nor would he, on such pre-text, insult the religious sentiments of fully fifty million people. Was the domi-nant motive, which determined the send-ing of this letter, that of a political con-sideration ? Certainly it was ! No other reason which has in it a grain of sense, can be given. Whichever horn of the dilemma is taken the case is bad enough. The shame of it is deep; and the meaning of it may be equally deep. Mr. Cleveland is certainly not ignorant of that most ter-rible lesson taught by the history of mod-,ern nations, viz., that any courtesies, or friendly intercourse of any kind, between the head of an independent nation and the head of the papal power, is dangerous in the extreme, and is full of the certainty of the most dangerous complications. I  feel like calling the attention of Mr. Cleve-land to the example of a former President, Mr. Lincoln. Having evidence of the disposition of the Pope to interfere in American affairs, Mr. Lincoln directed the Secretary of State, Mr. Seward, to author-ize our minister, then resident at Rome, to notify the Pope that it was confidently expected by the American President that there would be no papal interference in the affairs of the United States. It should be widely known that the President sent for Cardinal Gibbons, who is the leading Roman Catholic cardinal in the English speaking world since the death of Cardinal Manning of England, to confer with him upon matters political. And be it known that following this pro-longed conference this letter to the Pope was written! That is a coincidence which has a significance to it. This habit, which has been to the front for the last eight years, of our Presidents courting the favor and submitting to the dictation of Roman Catholics, ought to be rebuked. It brooks no good to us. Let every American citizen do guard duty, and watch our cherished institutions, or we will be despoiled of them. 4. Religious Liberty in Maryland. LAST week we made some comment upon the boast of the papists that they es-tablished religious liberty in Maryland. We showed that their action was simply in self-defense. But as a matter of fact religious liberty does not exist even to-day in Maryland, and yet the laws have been materially modified since the days of Cecil Calvert, second Lord Baltimore. Even as late as 1723, this law was enacted in that colony :Š AN ACT, To PUNISH BLASPHEMERS, SWEARERS, DRUNKARDS, AND SABBATH BREAKERS, AND FOR REPEALING THE LAWS HERETOFORE MADE FOR THE PUN-ISHING SUCH OFFENDERS. Be it enacted by the right honorable the lord proprietor, by and with the advice and consent of his lordship's governor, and the upper and lower houses of assembly, and the authority of the same, That if any persons shall hereafter, within this province, wittingly, maliciously and advisedly, by writing or speaking, blaspheme or curse God, or deny our Saviour Jesus Christ to be the Son of God, or shall deny the Holy Trinity, the Father, Son and Holy Ghost, or the Godhead of any of the three persons, or the unity of the Godhead, or shall utter any profane words concerning the Holy Trinity, or any of the persons thereof, and shall be thereof convict by verdict or confession, shall, for the first offense, be bored through the tongue and fined twenty pounds sterling to the lord pro-prietor to be applied to the use of the county where the offense shall be committed, to be levied on the offender's body, goods and chattels, lands or tenements, and in case the gEid fine cannot be levied, the offender to suffer sWIPmonth's imprison-ment without bail or mainprise; and that for the second offense, the offender being thereof convict as 'aforesaid, shall be stigmatized by burning in the forehead with the letter B and fined forty pounds sterling to the lord proprietor, to be applied and levied as aforesaid, and in case the same cannot be levied, the offender shall suffer twelve month's imprisonment without bail or mainprise; and that for the third offense, the offender being convict as aforesaid, shall suffer death without the benefit of the clergy. SEC. 2. And be it enacted, that every person that shall hereafter profanely swear or curse in the presence and hearing of any magistrate, minister, the commissary-general, secretary, sheriff, coroner, provincial or county clerk, vestryman, church-warden or constable, or be convicted thereof be-fore any magistrate, by the oath of one lawful witness, or confession of the party, shall, for the first oath or curse, be fined two shilling and six-pence current money, and for every oath or curse after the first, five shillings like money, to be applied to the use aforesaid. Sections 3 to 9 relate to drunkards and the enforcement of the law. SEC. 10. And be it enacted, That no person whatsoever shall work or do any bodily labor on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, and that no person having children, servants or slaves, shall command, or wittingly, or willingly suffer any of them to do any manner of work or labor on the Lord's day (works of necessity and charity always excepted), nor shall suffer or permit any children, servants or slaves, to profane the Lord's day by gaming, fishing, fowling, hunting, or unlawful pastimes or recreations; and that every person transgressing this act, and being thereof convict by the oath of one sufficient witness, or confession of the party before a single magistrate, shall forfeit two hundred pounds of tobacco, to be levied and applied as aforesaid. This law has of course been modified somewhat, but no longer Ł ago than last summer, a Seventh-day Adventist was imprisoned, at Chestertown, Md., for no other offense than that of practical dissent from the papal dogma that Sunday is the Christian Sabbath or Lord's Day. And at the present time a systematic and per-sistent persecution is being carried on in that State against that people, by means of the Sunday law. Seven Sunday cases against Adventists are now pending in a single county in Maryland. Even to-day, that State has at best, not religious free-dom, but simply religious tolerationŠthe highest conception possible to papists. Religious Tolerance in China. THERE is, it appears, quite a large number of Jews in China. The Jewish Times and Observer says: " That there are Jews living in China, not merely as strangers, but as real Chinamen to all intents and purposes, is acknowledged on all hands." A Chinese student, who re-turned to his celestial home from Ger-many, promised one of the German schol- ars that he would investigate the " Jewish Question in China," which he did, and in a very interesting letter he describes the Jews of Caifunyfoo as the only Chinese Jews who have formed a sort of colony in said place, whereto, nearly two thousand years back, the Jews emigrated and re-mained till now, true to their traditional and ancestral faith and customs. " The most remarkable features in their character," says the Observer, "is their loyalty to the Chinese Government and social manners; their garments, language, and manners of life are thoroughly Chinese. Thus, even the Chinese Jew proves the oft-repeated truth that the Jew can adapt himself to all requirements of diverse countries and civilizations and yet be faithful to his sa-cred belief in the unity of God." In view of the facts, the Observer says:Š It appears that anti-Semitism has not yet crept into Chinese politics and religious views. The Jew enjoys, in China, liberty of conscience to the full extent. No prejudice against the Jews, as such, is as yet known in China. And, indeed, it cannot be-come naturalized there. Paganism suffered at its side, the rise of Monotheism without any malice or ill will. Religious intolerance is the legitimate off-spring of the " only saving church." The moment the Christian Church proclaimed "extra ecclesiam nulla salus;" the monster " religious intolerance," was ushered into the sanctuary of humanity and commenced its infernal work of desecrating that sacred edifice and dealing damnation among the children of one and the same heavenly Father. In China, no such monopoly of salvation by one mode of creed is yet known, and consequently all the diverse religious communities can live and cling to their inherited religious views and tradition un-harmed. , There, the Chinese Jew may exclaim with the prophet, " Let them all walk in the name of their different gods. I shall walk in the name of Adonai, my God, forever!" Is it not a shame that the unchristian 