110 Aid MtirCAN 3ION-MN-11 1[4o VoL. 8, Xo. 14. which He had given to all menŠthe right to worship him according to the dictates of conscience. But this persecution was not the worst thing that was to come to the Church. Some time after, she ceased to follow God and the Golden Rule, and so, of course, lost that power which He alone could give herŠthe power of the gospel of Christ. She mingled with the heathen around her, and finding that she had lost that power which gave her life and strength, she joined herself to the State, and sought aid from the civil power. The only aid that could be had from that power was the same as it gives to-dayŠreligious laws to compel men to worship as the Church dic-tates. What was the result of these religious laws ? Persecution for conscience' sake. They who would not do as those wicked laws said, were punished, or rather perse-cuted, and so that free moral right to wor-ship God as conscience dictated was taken away. The Church fell farther and far-ther away from Him who had established her, until her garments were dyed with the blood of those who would not follow her wicked ways. Religious laws can never convince men of sin. There is no power in them to keep from sin. The gospel of ChristŠ" Christ and him cruci-fied "Šis the only thing that can give men the power to overcome sin. But those who are asking for religious laws can not see this. Their zeal blinds them so that they can see no other power than the State. They find that it is use-less to call upon God for power, for he does not hear them so long as they are going contrary to what he has taught. We have many instances in God's Word showing that it is wrong for the Church to join hands with the State; and also instances showing that it is wrong to obey a law interfering with the rights of con-science. What is the Church doing to-day? Or I might ask, What has she done ? Has she not joined hands with the State in this country ? She has, and is seeking laws to compel men to observe a religious dogmaŠlaws compelling men to keep Sunday as the Sabbath, which is contrary to the command of God. The fourth commandment says, " the seventh day is the Sabbath ;" the State says, " the first day of the week is the Sabbath." This will bring persecution, for there will be those who will not obey this command of the State. Why ? Be-cause it is in direct opposition to the com-mand of God. It is also in direct opposi-tion to the Golden Rule and the spirit of Christ. Those who are asking for these laws would not like to be compelled by civil law to keep Saturday as the Sabbath. They would be the first to rebel against such a law, but when seventh-day observ-ers rebel against Sunday laws they are astounded. There is no more justice in a Sunday law than there would be in a Sat-urday law. Sunday laws are evil, there-fore they can make men no better. Many,  to-day who are clamoring for re-ligious laws are not like Paul. When he was convinced of his error he turned to the Lord. But the religious zealots of to-day, when convinced still cry, " More laws! More laws !" But why more laws ? Because they find, as did those in the fourth century, that they have lost the power of God, because they are not teaching the gospel of Christ. They must have power, and so they appeal to the State. Would Christians seek religious laws to convince men of sin ? No, they would use the means which Christ has given themŠhis gospel. He did not persecute; if they would be Christlike, they will not. They who are Christlike will be persecu-ted, they who are unlike Christ will perse-cute, for our Saviour said: " If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you." It is only when professed followers of Christ have become selfish and fallen from Him that they ask for religious laws, and so persecute those they see are still loyal to God and to his law. ALFRED MALLETT. An Episcopal Bishop Speaks. BISHOP NicRoLsox, of Milwaukee, has taken the ground that no governmental authority should close the World's Fair on Sunday, in which he is in substantial agreement with Bishop Potter, of New York, and like him, has been criticised for his position. The Chicago Tribune contains a paragraph in regard to the matter, as fol-lows :Š Bishop Nicholson, the head of the Episcopal Diocese of Milwaukee, in a published card in de-fense of his position in favoring the Sunday open-ing of the World's Fair, scores clergymen who, he says, in their impetuosity in seeking to close the Exposition forget that for weeks every summer the doors of their churches are closed on Sunday. Bishop Nicholson takes issue on the subject in re-ply to a prominent clergyman of a different denom-ination, who asks why the church in the Milwau-kee Episcopal Diocese did not come out and take a strong stand with other churches in opposing the opening of the Fair on the Sabbath. The bishop gives several reasons in reply to the query, among which is that the Sabbath alluded to, according to the Bible, is Saturday, and he never knew that there was any question as to the closing of the Fair on Saturday. Then he says that the matter is entirely one of individual opinion so far as the Christian world is concerned. Bishop Nicholson's individual opinion is similar to that held by most of the bishops of the Episcopal Church, that, as he puts it, " looking to the greater good done the greater number, considering the larger moral safety and the opportunities of intellectual improvement to the indiscriminate hordes who shall gather about Chicago, by all means open those Exposition gates and let the people under certain prudential restric-tions have the free use of its marvelous displays on that day of recreation, meditation and rest." It is to be noticed that the bishop does not hesitate to puncture the popular mis-conception that Sunday is the Sabbath. In this it is experimentally shown how one error leads to another. Those who have espoused the cause of Sunday with a de-termination to uphold it as God's Sab-bath, find their efforts unsupported by God, and are compelled to resort to civil law to enforce the observance of the " American Sabbath." The American Sabbath could not be God's Sabbath, and upon investigation it is found that it is not. They come on different days of the week. The bishop is right on that point. He should be just as clear on the whole subject and express himself without com-promise upon the correct principle through-out the whole matter. In reality no ques-tion of policy or profit, to any one, prop-erly enters into the matter at all. The right to open or close on Sunday should rest with the management just as does the right to open or close on any other day of the week. The right to attend or not to attend on Sunday, if open, rests with the individual just as on any other day of the week. Why should bishops restrict them-selves to a half truth ? Why not speak the whole truth and shame the clergy ? W.H.M.  Sunday and the World's Fair. SUNDAY openers are pulling along three lines just now, hoping that some one of their schemes will secure the desired re-sult of opening the Fair seven days in the week. (1.) It is proposed to bring suit against the Government for interfering with State rights. In this some steps have already been taken. (2.) It is said that Congress broke faith with the Fair Directory in taking over 8500,000 of the two and one-half millions for other purposes than was first stipu-lated, and consequently the managers of the Fair are released from their part of the contract to close the Fair on Sunday. The Board of Control at a meeting last week, passed a resolution to place the mat-ter before the directors, and ask them to take definite action thereon. (3.) A bill has been introduced into the Illinois legislature, the object of which is to secure an opening during seven days in a week. The bill was offered by Mr. Mitchell, of Cook County, and provides that :Š All corporations or companies incorporated un-der or by virtue of any general or special law of this State and which exhibit the products of agri-culture, works of art or industry, or the products of nature, in cities of more than fifty thousand in-habitants, for a period of more than two months, and whose main buildings are located on public property, shall display such exhibits as have been intrusted to their care for the purpose of exhibition for seven days each week ; provided, however, that no such company or corporation shall be compelled to keep any machinery in motion on Sunday ; nor shall any exhibitor under the supervision of any such incorporated association or company be com-pelled to attend to his or her or their exhibits, or cater and attend to the visiting public on Sunday. Any violation of the act shall be punished by a fine of from ten to fifty dollars. It is held that since the World's Fair is a State corporation and since the United States Congress has nothing to do with such corporations this bill, if passed, will compel the Fair directors to hold the Fair open seven days in a week. Whether any or none of these schemes will effect any-thing remains to be seen.ŠCollege View Enterprise. Seventh-day Baptist Views and Reso- lutions. [The Christian Advocate publishes this para-graph as a statement of the positions taken by the Seventh-day Baptists on the subject of the Sab-bath and legislation for the enforcement of reli-gion.] THE Seventh-day Baptist Church re-ported at its General Conference a net gain during 1892 of one hundred and three members. It has foreign missions in Shanghai, China, with thirty church members, seventy-one pupils in the schools, and an average Sabbath school attendance of fifty pupils ; and a mission at Haarlem, Holland. While in harmony on most points with the orthodox churches, this church occupies a peculiar position on the Sabbath question. Be-sides holding to the seventh day as the divinely appointed and only Sabbath, it opposes all recognition of Sunday as a Sabbath of civil institution and all civil legislation respecting Sunday observance, and has contended against legislation to enforce Sunday closing of the Chicago Exposition. The denominational tract society adopted a petition to Congress on this subject, asking it " not thus to enter upon the work of legislation concerning religious questions;" expressing the belief 