APRIL 11, 1895.    A 17011E1 1E4 ICAN- JE.A. 117 - L....-. A....A.. the power of God, they would lose sight of the, great principle of religious liberty and would seek the aid of civil law to force a rec-ognition of the church by enforcing the ob-servance of Sunday. It was thought that this was impossible because of the high importance which Americans attached to the principles of religious freedom. To this it was answered that the people, as they became farther re-moved from the scenes of the struggle for lib-erty, would lose its spirit in the effort for material gain. It was also declared that the churches, when transformed from poor, weak, struggling minorities, into rich, powerful, con-trolling majorities, they would forget the days of their affliction and the principles of lib-erty of conscience for which they strove, and would themselves turn persecutors. There are a few who still contend for the principles of religious freedom for which their fathers fought. And these now bear testi- rgtrat(Le.,  . at L4  A.--4  ffrtut- Mony to the indifference to; or the repudiation of, the principles at one time so universally entertained. The Examiner, before quoted, thus ex-presses its wonder and astonishment at this change of sentiment: " It is amazing how good people fail to understand what are the principles in this matter." And again: " We wonder that the very stones do not cry out against such wicked travesties of justice; that Christian men do not lift up their voices in protest against this wicked perversion of reli-gion, this insult to the name of Christ. And in particular, why do not Baptists whose fathers stood against the world for soul lib-erty, make themselves heard when these relics of medifflval bigotry and persecuting intoler-ance are found in our free country?" Surely a change has come over the people, and it is new impossible to stir them to a re-alization of the situation, and the sufferers  do not hope for deliverance this side of the coming of the Son of man in the clouds of heaven to reap the harvest of the earth. Rev. 14:14-16. In the meantime Seventh-day Adventists bring no railing accusation against their per-secutors. Their attitude toward all concerned is thus expressed in one of their publica-tions:Š " Against those responsible for our persecu-tion we bring no railing accusation. Against the honorable judges of the courts before whom our cases have been or may be tried, we speak no evil word. Against prosecuting at-torneys and prosecuting witnesses we harbor no resentment. Against grand jurors who have found indictments, and trial-jurors who have returned the verdict, " guilty," we speak no word of condemnation; and for those professed Christians who have instigated these persecutions by making complaint against us, , and who in most cases, have been ashamed to allow their names to be known, we have only thoughts of pity. To these we say that by our labor on Sunday, we have not infringed the natural or constitutional right, civil or re-ligious, of any man. We have wronged no man, we have corrupted no man, we have de-frauded no man.' 2 Cor. 7: 2. And to all concerned we say with terrible earnestness, Count well the cost before taking upon your-selves the awful responsibility of attempting to force upon us, by pains and penalties, the sign of allegiance to Rome and the mark of her power. Beware, lest haply ye be found even to fight against God.' " Acts 5:39.  Ł  " Do the defendants in keeping the seventh day and working on the first, thereby interfere with any natural right of their neighbors? Or is it an artificial right created by human law ?"ŠJudge Parks. A LETTER FROM ONE OF THE PRISONERS. THE following letter written to the Review and Herald, Battle Creek, Mich., by one of the Dayton prisoners will interest our read-ers:Š " Dayton, Tenn., Rhea County Jail, " March 24, 1895. " Perhaps you would like to hear some of the circumstances in regard to my being in-dicted for Sunday work. I live four and one-half miles north of Graysville, in what is called the Cove' ; it is a little valley between two mountains, three miles from the village. " On Sept. 9, 1894, Charles Dungan and Mr. Rudd went to meeting about one mile from their home, and during the services they went off across a ridge through the woods, and found me pulling fodder (that is stripping the blades off the standing corn) out of sight of the public road or any public place. They made an agree- ment that Mr. and we could not pay our fines, it being contrary to our consciences. He said that my family should not suffer if he could help it, and it made me think of Ps. 76: 10 and Rom. 8:28. " The other case against me was for digging in a well in Graysville, more than forty feet deep. Between me and the most public road was a two-story house, and on the west side a pile of stone nearly as high as a man's bead; on the north side were a barn and a thick patch of corn: the other side was hidden by the house, fence, high weeds, etc. " The man (Wright Raines) who had me indicted for working at the well neither saw nor heard me at work. - " Our courage in the Lord is good. " Your brother in Christ, " WM. S. B URCHARD." THE above is a photo reproduction of a page from the autograph album of a thirteen-year-old school girl, and was accidentally discovered by a representative of the SENTINEL in the home of a Seventh-day Adventist miner, in the mountains of Rhea County, Tennessee. It was written only for the eye of the child, and with no thought that it would ever be given to the public. The sentiment expressed by this Christian father, who is now in the county jail at Dayton, Tennessee, is eloquent in its simplicity. The first scripture cited reads: "All that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution." The last text reads: "Fear not, little flock; for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom." O 61:3  6,r1LA-^ 93Ł1-.r->1./ %o, 44,6 CAA .C/C 7,` ggi a-z#4 vA-31a'utrj. t$1 trwci,c, (e_x_et_tA #.‚ .2)--   .4u-aidd 4p.etty  6M- f9ili-a,6_ Rudd would go before the Š.. grand jury and prosecute me, and have Mr. Dungan marked as wit-ness, dividing the witness fee. The law does not allow the prosecutor any pay for prosecuting, but the wit-ness is allowed $1 a day. Mr. Dungan re-ceived his pay and would not share it with Mr. Rudd. This made Mr. Rudd angry, and he told a brother about it. Since I have been in jail, Mr. Rudd has visited me, and asked if I wanted a bond, and said if I did, he would procure it for me. I explained to him that I was serving out my time 