280 'ICI-IE AMERICAN SENTINEL, Vol. 4, No. as. Anrrieal2 Ser2fli2el. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, SEPTEMBER 25, 1889. NOTE.ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. AT the Los Angeles Sunday-law mass meetings the Roinan Catholic Bishop Mora "appointed his Vicar-General and other eminent clergymen to be present and represent him," as indorsing the general features of the movement. THE American Sabbath Union says he was written to from Nevada, "There is no use of your coming down here, everybody works on Sunday." Consequently the Union did not go to Nevada. If the Sunday-law movement is in the interests of Sunday rest, it would seem that such a place as that should be the very place where he would most need to go. But no, that is the very place where he does not go at all. This again shows the principle of the move to be, to call not-sinners but the righteous to repentance. 0. Ł  I. THE American Sabbath Union says:Š " It is sometimes said by opponents of Sabbath laws that government has no right to dictate how a man shall spend the day. But at quarantine, government proves its right to dictate how a man shall spend a fortnight when the general good requires it." And it is unmitigated sophistry and inexcus-able trickery to argue that Sunday work is as dangerous to the general public, as is a ship laden with pestilence or infected with small-pox, or cholera, or yellow fever. It would seem that the people must have taken leave of their senses who can be caught with such chaff as is being sown by the advocates of Sunday laws. IT is declared over and over again by the American Sabbath Union that "You can no more produce character without a quiet and legally protected Sabbath, than you can produce in Cali-fornia your marvelous fruits without water." What is here meant by a legally-protected Sab-bath is one enforced by law. Now there are thousands of people in this Nation who keep the Sabbath or Saturday; and that day is not at all legally protected, according to the above idea. Yet everybody knows that as a body there are no better characters than those of the seventh-day Christians: And this character is produced without a legally-protected Sabbath in any sense as the Union uses that term. The reason of this is that those people depend on Jesus Christ, the true source of good character, rather than upon the civil power. Ł Ł To evade the charge of prosecuting an uncon-stitutional measure, 'Mr. W. F. Crafts said at Los Angeles, September 1, that the phrase "an es-tablishment of religion " in the Constitution means " the selecting of a single religion or a single sect, and supporting it by the State," and that they do not propose any such thing. Well let us see. They propose in their Sunday law to except " works of religion." What religion it is whose works shall be excepted, will have to be, legisla-tively or judicially defined. The defination is in-tended to be, "The works of the Christian, relig-ion," Then just as soon as that shall he done, that  will be "the selecting of a single religion " by the State, and the supporting and protecting of that religion by the national power. Therefore by their own definition it is proved that the National Sunday law which they propose is a violation of the first amendment of the United States Consti-tution. THE American Sabbath Union still persists that Sunday laws are constitutional under the National Constitution, because they have been declared to be constitutional in the States. In other words, persists that decisions of State Su-preme Courts are decisions 'of the United States Supreme Court. Worse.  than this, how-ever, is the fact that the people to whom it is told believe it. And yet worse than all is the fact that the great majority do not know enough of the National Constitution, or of the system of gov-ernment of the Union, to be able to detect the falsehood; and do not have a disposition to study the question enough to find out the truth in the matter. A people who will thus carelessly allow themselves to be robbed of their liberties and con-stitutional rights, are unworthy of them. IN the Los Angeles Sunday-law convention, September 1, Rev. Mr. Hutchins "A government like ours must be held together by the adhesive power of virtue." Now Mr. Hutchins was speaking in favor of the enactment .of a National Sunday law, as necessary to preserve the government. His ar-gument therefore is, that there is in law, the " ad-hesive power of virtue." But this is not true. The only adhesive power of virtue that there is in this world is in the gospel of Jesus Christ. Je-sus Christ is the source of virtue to this world. "The whole multitude sought to touch him for there went virtue out of him and healed them all." This virtue can be secured only by faith; this faith' can, only be inculcated by the preaching of the gospel of Christ. The Sunday-law preachers are working by perfectly antagonistic means to secure what they profess to want. And this proves that they have forgotten the virtue and the power of the gospel of Christ. HERE is a point that reveals not only the in-terest that the Sunday-law workers have in the workingmen, but also the true inwardness of the Sunday movement. Sunday night, September 1, the field secretary of the American Sabbath Union addressed a mass meeting in Los Angeles. The Los Angeles Evening Express tells the rest:Š " It was there given out to the vast audience that a full report of the address by Dr. Crf,f+s would appear in this morning's Times and that tbe opportunity to procure a copy should not be neglected. Nothing was said, however, about the fact that the hard-work-ing compositors employed in the Times office would have to work on Sunday night setting up Dr. Crafts' denunciation of Sunday work." It is not Sunday work that they want to stop as much as it is Sunday-keeping they want to en-force. It is not so much the workingmen they want to protect, as it is the preachers that they they want to empower. THE proposition which it is said the Vander-. bilt engineers made some years ago, that they "would be willing to.do ten days' work in six if they could only have the seventh for rest," is rather extravagant for sober-minded practical men, NQ man can continuously do ten days,  work in six, even with the seventh day's rest, nor with two days' rest in seven. There is too much Sunday-law theology cropping out in that state-ment to allow it to be of any weight. Ł  ADVICES from Flagstaff, Arizona, indicate that the American Sabbath Union has made some headway in that village. The field secretary had an audience of about seventy, at his lecture on the 5th instant. Of these, fifty voted in fiwor of a Sunday law. Our correspondent says : " Many who but a few hours before had laughed at the idea of there being any danger of such a law, are ' to4lay supporting the scheme." People who value the freedoin of conscience guaranteed by the Constitution as it is, should remember that the field secretary leaves an organization in every place he visits. They should remember, also, that although the great majority of the people of the United States are opposed to religious legisla-tion, an organized minority may succeed in pro, curing measures that will fasten such a calamity upon the Nation. " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." a  THE chronic unfairness of the "American Sen-tinel " appears in its incessant ringing of the changes on the union of " Church and State."ŠChristian Statesman. And the chronic inconsistency of the Statesman appears in its incessant denial that it favors a union of Church and State, while carrying at its mast-head in every issue this avowed purpose: " To secure such an amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States as will declare the Na-tion's allegiance M Jesus Christ and its accept-ance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and so indicate that this is a Christian Nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our government on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." If the Statesman is not dealing in unadulterated Church and State, it should take down the sign. Ł Ł WE learn from a private letter from Los An-geles that the workingmen of that city, in whose interest the American Sabbath Union is profess-edly so much interested, did not take kindly to the recent Sunday-law demonstration under the auspices of the "field secretary." It seems that it was announced in a' circular that one of the leaders of the workingmen would address them at one of the meetings, and that some of the Catholic priests would also be on hand and per-haps speak. When the time came, Mr. Butler (the representative of the workingmen) attempted to speak, but his fellow workingmen, not liking the tone of his remarks, hissed him down. The writer continues: "This put a damper .on the meeting, and the priests (if there were any present) were not called upon. Mr. C. [Crafts] seemed greatly discouraged, but made a few re-marks, principally in denouncing the SENTINEL and Prof. Jones, and wound up in a towering rage." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed M anything tending toward a union of Church and Stitt°, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid;  - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, -- 75a. ' To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, '- 5s, Address, 4.1WEIIIO.AN SENTINEL, IOW Castro St, Ols4c1,43m, QA10 