FEBRUARY 14, 1895. A IVIIWALCA 53 markable energies of Leo XIII. are bent," namely: "the union of the Church with the power of America." And thus again the inevitable result of the movement, if carried out, will be to force upon all the people the straight de-cision as between Christ and antichrist. Papal Politics. THE following editorial from a leading Roman Catholic paper of Boston, pre-sents that paper's view of certain events connected with Vatican politics in the East, that will interest our readers:Š A New Advocate of Papal Independence. The splendid presentation 44f the politico-religious situation in Italy made last spring by Arthur Warren in the Boston Herald, quoted everywhere in America as it was, has done much for the cause of papal inde-pendence in showing to non-Catholic Americans the reasonableness of the pope's claim and the impossibil-ity of a "United Italy" while that claim remains un-settled. The course of events in Europe within the past few months, however, brings the papal question still fur-ther to the front, and foreshadows Russia as likely to force the hand of Italy to relax its grasp on the terri-tory of the church. " An American Traveller," writing from Milan to the New York Sun, brings the papal question and Russia's powerful interest in it up to date. It is not easy to exaggerate the significance of the formal accrediting of an envoy to the holy see by the late czar, a few months before his death ; and the extraordinary mission of Prince Lobanoff, charged by the new czar, Nicholas IL, to present an autographic letter, notifying his accession to the throne, to the pope at the Vatican. They are, in effect, the recognition of the pope's claims by the strongest power in Europe. The czar has recently bestowed especial honors on Archbishop Kozloffski, the Metropolitan of the Cath-olics of the Latin Rite in Russia; and is, in general, softening the situation for the heretofore oppressed Catholics in his vast dominion. Moreover, his attitude is strongly influencing France in a similar policy towards the pope. Russia has practically broken up the Triple Alliance. There is nothing to hinder her from carrying out her determination to hold the balance of power in the Mediterranean, by getting her great war-fleet into it, through the Bosphorus and the Dardanelles. England and Germany together cannot back Italy against united Russia and France; so that, when it pleases these latter powers to ask for papal independence as the price of their good-will, Italy must needs grant it for her own safety. Why the Czar of Russia, the official head of a schis--/natio church, whose very existence is a protest against the pope's spiritual sovereignty, should concern him-self to recognize or to restore the pope's dominion as a temporal ruler, is a problem especially difficult to the non-Catholic American mind. But Mr. Warren, who, in the article above alluded to, foreshadowed the restoration of papal independ-ence through the action of the great European powers, thus suggests an explanation:Š " The religious power of the church has not waned in the ages. It has changed in some respects, but it has not decreased. The church has been in the past, and it is to-day, strong, because it is elastic. . . It adapts itself to the spirit of each succeeding age, and to the spirit of each country in which it finds a home. It has at its head to-day a man who is equally great as a priest and as a statesman, a man of lib-eral ideas, whose one aim is to use the power which is vested in him for the good of humanity. However one may differ with his theology, one must concede the greatness of his mind, his nature and his purpose. "Leo XIII. is a master 6f men. . . . He is, after all. the most important personage on earth; he wields an influence wider than that of any emperor, or presi-dent, or parliament, and his word is capable of exert-ing a greater influence than the word of any other human being." The relations now begun between Russia and Rome, and daily growing more close and cordial, cannot fail to hasten the reunion of the " Orthodox " Russian Church, and the schismatical churches of the East with Rome; and who can over-estimate the effect of this reunion on the whole question of the reunion of Christendom ?ŠThe Pilot, Feb. 2. We understand from this that " the reunion of Christendom " is to follow "papal independence," and papal inde-pendence is to be secured by political wire-pulling. Therefore the " reunion of  Christendom " is to be accomplished through the agency of politics. This kind of " union of Christendom " is the only kind of which the papacy has any knowl-edge, and political methods are its chief methods. But the Roman Catholic Church has no " corner " on this method of ad-vancing the kingdom of Christ in the earth. Popular Protestantism is fast adopting it. Ministerial delegations, or " Christian lobbyists," now hover about Congress and State legislatures, to urge religious measures with a view to hasten-ing the dawn of the millennium; and the president of the largest organization of women professing the Protestant Christian religion, in her annual address in 1887, declared that "the kingdom of Christ must enter the realm of law through the gate-way of politics." Ł-Ł.Ł  Look on This and Then on That. THE Catholic Review of February 3rd publishes the pope's encyclical to America. The same issue contains an editorial, en-titled, " The Real Meaning of the Union of Church- and State ; " and this editorial plainly contradicts the pope's encyclical. To make manifest this contradiction, the conflicting statements are printed in par- allel columns :Š FROM THE POPE'S ENCYC-LICAL. The church among you, unopposed by the Consti-tution and Government of your nation, fettered by no hostile legislation, pro-tected against violence by the common laws and the impartiality of the tribu-nals, is free to live and act without hindrance; yet, though all this is true, it would be very erroneous to draw the conclusion that in America is to be sought the type of the most desirable status of the church ; or that it would be universally law-ful or expedient for State and Church to be, as in America, dissevered and divorced. The fact that Catholicity with you is in good condition, nay, is even enjoying a prosper-ous growth, is by all means to be attributed to the fe-cundity with which God has endowed his church, in virtue of which, unless men or circumstances in-terfere, she spontaneously expands and propagates herself. But she would bring forth more abundant fruits if, in addition, to liberty, she enjoyed the favor of the laws and the patronage of public au-thority. We have here given an evidence of the way papists in America misrepresent the attitude of the Roman Catholic Church on the question of separation of Church and State. The pope has decided that the time has come to definitely denounce, -as unlawful, the American theory of separa-tion of Church and State. The Catholic Review, " A Weekly Journal . . . com-mended by His Holiness Leo XIII.," pub-lished in New York City, thinks that the time has not come to throw off the mask, and therefore while publishing the pope's demand for a union of the American Gov-ernment with the Roman Catholic Church, in the same issue gives the lie to the pope and says Catholics do not want what the  pope says they do want. While the pope declares that a union of Church and State is " desirable" in America, the Catholic Review says, "Catholics do not desire it; " while the pope asks "in addition to liberty," "the favor of the laws and the patronage of the public authority," the Review says, Š"it [the church] asks no favors ; " "all we ask is a free field and fair play." The Review here attempts to quiet the fears which it knew the pope's state-ment would arouse. And there are a great many professed Protestants in the United States who are just gullible enough to believe that the Review repre-sents the true attitude of the Roman Catholic Church to American institutions, and that the pope is a heretic. And they will continue in their blindness until the Roman Catholic Church in America shall fully possess what the pope says is desira-ble, and what the Review will then openly indorse as desirable. This is a part of that Janus-faced policy of Rome described by the prophet Daniel in the words, " And he shall destroy the mighty, and the people of the saints, according to his will, and craft shall be successful in his hand." Dan. 8 : 24, 25 (Catholic version). Deceptive Words of Wily Priests. IN the month of September, 1893, in the Catholic congress at Chicago, Mgr. Satolli, in addressing the Catholics of America, said: " Go forward! In one hand bearing the book of Christian truthŠthe BibleŠand in the other, the Constitution of the United States." In the year 1895 (Jan. 13), in the city of St. Paul, Minn., Archbishop Ireland gave an address in the cathedral, in answer to the agnostic, Ingersoll, on the subject, "The Bible: What is It, and What Has It Done ?" In his opening remarks he said :Š The Bible I My soul goes out to it in love, gratitude, reverence, worship. It is, indeed, the Bible-book of books. The voice of the great Master of the universe speaks to me through its pages; its light, illumining the religious and moral world, radiates from his own divine face; the sweetness which it distills is the tenderness of his own fatherhood. Written in it are my hopes of time and eternity. It is God's message to me telling of my Maker and of my relations to him, marking my road to bliss, sustaining me on earth in trial and suffering, until the goal beyond heaven's portals is reached. They who insult the Bible insult what is in me and dearest to me; they insult my as-pirations and my hopes; they insult my God, and I were a traitor to myself and to him were I not ready to defend it, even to the sacrifice of my life. It is not the Constitution of the United States as our fathers framed it, nor the principles which were dear to them, that Mr. Satolli counsels the Cath-olics of America to carry forward; but it is the Constitution as now subverted in its very meaning, through the interpretation of the Supreme Court of the nation declar-ing that " this is a Christian nation," and by arguments that if they proved anything prove that this is a Catholic nation ;Šit is the Constitution thus interpreted that Ro-man Catholics are commanded to bear to the country. This is the Constitution that he had in mind: the Constitution of the United States misinterpreted; sub-verted and overthrown and made to testify to a falsehood. This is the Constitution which he would have the Catholics of America uphold; a Constitution absorbed and swallowed up by that most un-Amer-ican hierarchy which Satolli represents. And neither Mr. Satolli nor Archbishop FROM THE CATHOLIC REVIEW." The Catholic Church is able to stand alone and is, therefore, opposed to the union of Church and State. They [Protestants] see that the church is going ahead and making converts on all sides; that it appeals to the intelligent, the thoughtful, the conserva-tive and truly religious inclined portion of the community. They see that it asks no favorsŠthat it has a compact or-ganizationŠthat it stands out in bold contrast to the disintegrating, fragment,' tary, decaying members of Protestantism, and they are alarmed at it. It is not that they really fear a union between the Catholic Church and the State. They know there, is no danger in that direction. Catholics do not desire it. We are better without it. We do not wish for any entangling alliances. All we ask is a free field and fair play. 