230 AMERICAN SENTINEL. struck and destroyed the image: "In the days of these kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom which shall never be destroyed: and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall break in pieces and con-sume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand forever." 2. To this church has God thus promised the per-petual aid of his Spirit: "My Spirit that is upon thee, and my words which I have put in thy mouth, shall not de-part out of thy mouth, nor out of the mouth of thy seed, nor out of the mouth of thy seed's seed, saith the Lord, from henceforth and forever." Isa. 59:21. "And it shall come to pass afterward that I will pour out my Spirit upon all flesh." Joel 2:28, 30. 3. God has given to this church these further prom-ises: "It shall come to pass in the last days, that Ł the mountain of the Lord's house shall be established in the top of the mountains, and shall be exalted above the hills; and all nations shall flow unto it. And many peo-ple [nations] shall go and say, Come ye, and let us go up to the mountain of the Lord, to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths; for out of Zion shall go forth the law, -and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem." Isa. 2:2, 3. "Behold, thou shalt call a nation that thou knowest not, and nations that knew not thee shall run unto thee be-cause of the Lord thy God, and for the Holy One of Is-rael; for he hath glorified thee. For ye shall go out with joy, and be led forth with peace: the mountains and the hills shall break forth before you into singing, and all the trees of the field shall clap their hands." Isa. 55:5, 12. "Arise, shine; for thy light is come, and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. For, behold, the dark-ness shall cover the earth, and gross darkness the peo-ple; but the Lord shall arise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee. And the Gentiles shall come to thy light, and kings to the brightness of thy rising. For -the nation and kingdom that will not, serve thee shall perish; yea, those nations shall be utterly wasted." Isa. 60:1-3,12. "And kings shall be thy nursing-fathers, and their queens thy nursing-mothers; they shall bow down to thee with their face toward the earth, and lick up the -dust of thy feet." Isa. 49:23. These predictions cannot receive their full accom-plishment till the churches be separated from the States throught the world. According to prophecy, the church which was originally cut out from the ungodly mass of the world by divine power without the aid of govern-ments, is to grow into a great mountain and fill the whole earth. It is not to be piled up by human govern-ments, but to grow through divine power. It grows through grace. According to prophecy, the church is to look for the effusion of the Spirit upon all flesh as the great cause of its ultimate triumph; whatever, therefore, in the churches tends to grieve and to quench the SpiritŠwhatever makes the churches worldlyŠwhatever leads them to lean upon the arm of flesh rather than of God, tends to prevent the accomplishment of its promised triumphs. According to prophecy, all nations are to flow to the church of Christ through its spiritual glory and its preaching of the gospel. But the union corrupts it, and impedes the preaching of the gospel; and therefore the union is preventing its extension and triumph. According to prophecy, kings and their queens, be-coming pious, are to promote the progress of religion, as David and Hezekiah, by their personal services. But by the union irreligious governments force their reluc-tant subjects to support good and bad ministers indis-criminately. According to prophecy, pious kings and their queens are to be as fathers and mothers to the whole church of Christ within their dominions, but by the union the sov-ereign is made to rend the church, exalting one part to an unbrotherly superiority, and unjustly depressing and harassing the other. According to prophecy, pious kings and queens, as simple members of the church of Christ, are to serve it; but by the union an irreligious government binds the churches hand and foot, rules over them with a rod of iron, will allow no self-government, no reformation, no independent discipline, and is their ahsolute, irresponsi-ble lord. Thus the prophecies of the Old Testament condemn the union, no less than the history of Christian churches condemns it. These show it to be unscriptural, as this manifests its inexpediency; and both concur in making many earnest and enlightened men wish ardently for its dissolution. Fast-Day Proclamation in New Hampshire. GOVERNOR ROLLINS of New Hampshire has issued a proclamation for a day of fasting and prayer. In his proclamation he states that the Christian religion is on the decline in the rural communities. This assertion has aroused considerable comment. The paragraph touch-ing on'this point is as follows:Š "This custom was inaugurated at a time when all the people of our State placed their trust in the hands of a Supreme Being and believed firmly in the efficacy of prayer. The decline of the Christian religion, particu-larly in our rural communities;  is a marked feature of the times, and steps should be taken to remedy it. No,  matter what our belief may be in religious matters, every good citizen knows that, when the restraining influences of religion are withdrawn from the community, its decay Šmoral, mental, and financialŠis swift and sure." We do not question but that religion is on the decline in the rural communities, as it is almost everywhere; and that "steps should be taken to remedy it." But what steps should be taken? and by whom? Is there any remedial power in a fast-day proclamation by the chief executive of a State? These proclamations began before religion declined, and religion has declined in spite of them ever since. If they could not keep religion 