AMERICAN }=31'NITIl\T 611 -of God, "that ye break every yoke," and that "thou take away from the midst of thee the yoke"? Isa. 58 : 6-9. Jesus came into the world to break yokes that were killing the wearers, to undo heavy burdens that were bending to the earth the bearers. And as his Spirit en-ters our hearts he will set us about his work of breaking yokes. And, oh, how much more enjoyable is the experience of breaking yokes than that of making them! How our hearts rejoice as we see the oppressed go free, as we listen to their songs of rejoicing for deliverance, as we see in the tearful eye the opening of the tender heart to the love of God, and his peace and rest enter the heart! "I WOULD not put a Seventh-day Adventist in jail for working inside his own house or plowing in a field ; but if he made a public exhibition of it or tried to insult the moral sense of the community, I think he needs a lesson."ŠFrom Speech by W. J. Coleman, at Columbus (Ohio) National Reform Convention. See page 613. Nationalism vs. Christianity. BY M. E. KELLOGG. FOR a decade of years the island empire of Japan has been coming to the front in many things which make for material progress. As a Japanese is reported to have told the story some forty years ago, Commodore Perry, with a fleet of vessels, entered the port of Yeddo, and said, "Wake up; wake up; it is past noon." Japan was asleep, and had been for centuries. The day had passed its noon of time when she was so sud-denly aroused. In fact, all the West was awake and full of activity, invention, and progress; but the East was lying in an intellectual stupor. The people of Japan were enabled to see their condition, and they went to work in a very intelligent way to improve their state. Those who were awake, awakened others, and a plan was laid for the awakening and rejuvenation of the nation. Hundreds of the most intelligent of the Japanese young men were sent to foreign countries to take full courses of instruction in their schools. They learned everything they could in regard to the countries where ' they were sent,Štheir history, government, laws, arts, commerce, religion,Ševerything; and then upon their return home they imparted to the people of Japan what they had learned. The result was a mighty but peaceful revolution. From all the things which they had studied they took what they thought was the best adapted for their coun-try and made it their own. The deep sleepŠthe spell of yearsŠwas broken, and new Japan sprang into being a marvel unto herself and unto the world. But it is of Japan from a religious point of view that we wish to speak. The evidences of a renewed life and enterprise in Japan greatly encouraged Christian people to believe that as Japan was grasping so eagerly for Western civilization she would also at the same time take with her new civilization the religion, which in the countries she was imitating, went with that civilization. For a time it seemed as though this might be so. Christian missionaries were given full access to the coun-try, schools and colleges were established under Christian influences and with Christian teachers; and this with such a degree of success that many were encouraged to hope that the time had come when a nation would be born in a day. But the tide has suddenly turned. The Jananese have learned what many Christians have not, that civi-lization is one thing, and that Christianity is another and quite a different thing. In short, Japan proposes to take the civilization and let the Christianity go. There appears to be a general turning back from Christianity all through Japan. Christian teachers are being removed from the schools, and highly civilized but heathen teachers are taking their places. Because of this and the fact that so few Japanese make a personal appli-cation of Christianity to themselves, even though they may assent to it as a theory, the Christian missionaries there are greatly discouraged. One of the chief reasons adduced for this sudden change of sentiment in Japan is the very strong national spirit that has been engendered by the successful war with China. Japan has fallen in love with her own prowess and institutions, and so has no place for the love of anything else. It was thought by some that that war would open China to the gospel. We have not learned that this was done, but we do see that it has made Japan less accessible to it. She is dazzled with the idea of be-coming a great military and naval 'power, and in her heathenish blindness is not yet able to see how Christian-ity and war can go hand in hand as other nations long called Christian, can ! The fact that the cultivation of a very strong na-tional sentiment is deterrent to Christianity may now be seen in Japan; and is it not evident that such a senti- ment has the same effect everywhere? When the nation is made equal with God, and loyalty to the nation is con- sidered to be the same as loyalty to God and acceptable worship of him, what need of anything but love of coun-try ? That is the way it is taught in this country, and Japan has caught the idea and proposes to worship the "Land of the Rising Sun" ! She will deify the State. Will those who are trying to unite nationalism and Christianity in the United States see the folly of such a course? The most important lesson which may be learned from this retrogression in Japan is that Christianity can-not be accepted by nations in the aggregate. It can be accepted only by persons in their individual capacity. 