350 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. in a different manner that caused Pilate to sign the death warrant; for they said :Š If thou let this man go thou art not Cassar's friend': whosoever maketh himself a king, speaketh against Cmsar. John 19: 12. That is, he would not be enforcing the Roman law against treason, and would, therefore, himself be chargeable with the same crime. Pilate- understood this; and he also knew that the Jews would report it in just that shape to the Roman em-peror, and that such a report would cost him his governorship; so he pronounced sentence of death upon the Son of God. There was also a law against introducing a strange religion into the Roman Empire. So, of course, when Christians went out preaching salvation through the name of Jesus alone, and denouncing the idolatry of the people, they were arrested and dragged before the magistrates. And their persecutors could say in vindication of themselves, " We only ask for obedience to the law." So, also, the Papacy only stretched on the rack, or burned at the stake, those who had been tried and con-demned by due process of law. Indeed, they were so careful in that matter that, if the laws as they stood did not meet the requirements of the case, they would amend them or enact a new law that would meet the requirements; so they could still be consistent in asking only for obedience to the law. Now since, accord-ing to the Supreme Court, "this is a Christian Nation;" and " Christianity, general Christianity, is and always has been a part of the common law; " and, according to Judge Hammond's decision in the King case, August 1, 1891, " By a sort of factitious advantage, the observers of Sunday have secured the aid of civil law, and adhere to that advantage with great tenacity, in spite of the clamor for religious freedom;" and since Rev. W. F. Crafts says : " The Christian people of this Nation can have [from Congress] what they want," it follows that when they say, " We only ask for obedience to law," they mean they only want power to enforce the doctrines of Christianity by law. What more could they want ? What more could they have ? What more did the Papacy have in the most flourishing age of the Inquisition ? Not one iota more of power or privilege did it have than the privilege of making church dog-mas into civil laws; and the power to en-force them as such. Then when they say, as Mr. Crafts did in a speech at Kansas City, Missouri, in September, " I have no fear that the Church will ever ask for anything that is not clearly within the domain of civil law," they speak only idle words, as a blind to cover up and conceal their true purpose. For, if Christianity is a part of the common law of the land, as asserted by the Supreme Courts of Pennsylvania and Tennessee, and by United States Dis-trict Judge Hammond, and confirmed by a unanimous decision of the United States Supreme Court; if that be true there is not a doctrine of Christianity that is not clearly within the domain of civil law, and that may not be enforced as civil law, by civil (?) judges, with civil penalties. The next thing for them to do is to decide as to what particular dogmas they wish to so enforce, and then ask for the penal-ties to give them force. They have al-ready agreed on the question of Sunday laws, and are demanding the penalties for the enforcement of the day. And no doubt they will soon have them; for have  not even the senators, who are not elected by the people, admitted that " it is not wise statesmanship to antagonize the reli-gious sentiment of the country" ? For exposing this image to the Papacy that they have set up, and to which they are demanding that all shall bow down, Seventh-day Adventists are denounced as anarchists. And one, in making the charge, facetiously added: " And they hang anarchists in Chicago." Another man quite prominent in this movement wrote to a Seventh-day Ad-ventist minister in Iowa:Š I am convinced that your folks will die hard. But we are helping Brother Crafts all the time to set the stakes, and get the ropes ready to scoop you all in. You will kick hard, of course, but we will make sure work. And still anotherŠRev. Mr. Trefren at a ministerial convention in California, speaking of Seventh-day Adventist min-isters, said :Š I predict for them a short race. What we want is law in this matter; and we will have it, too. And when we get the power in our hands, we will show these men what their end will be. Yes, indeed, we only want obedience to the law, but THE LAW must require what-ever we demand. Is not that the spirit of the Papacy ?ŠYes, precisely; yet many more citations might be given from vari-ous sources in all parts of our country manifesting the same spirit. And the men who give utterance to these words are welcome co-laborers with those who learned that they " can have [from Con-gress] what they wish." From this and much other evidence that might be given, it is quite evident that these National Reformers (?) believe the time is close at hand when they must apply " their rem-edy." And, says the Christian Statesman: Our remedy for all these malefic influences, is to have the Government simply set up the moral law and recognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it. But, " all we ask is obedience to the law." J. 0. BEARD. SECRETARY CHARLES FOSTER having expressed the opinion previous to the elec-tion, that Mr. Harrison was then as good as elected, a political paper asked, " Has Mr. Foster been buying up the saloons or the church vote ?" In explanation of this question the paper continued : " Mr. Foster recently said that a good deal of money goes to saloon keepers in exciting campaigns, and that he has been ap-proached in almost every campaign by churches and asked to subscribe to their funds. He affirmed with brutal boodler candor, ' I don't see much difference be-tween the saloon and the church in that.'" Has it indeed come to this that even the churches are for sale to the party paying the highest price ? IT is an error to suppose that the majority has an unqualified. right to rule. In civil things the majority has a right to rule, but the majority has no more right to invade the domain of conscience than has the single individual whom custom, fraud, or force has placed at the head of a government. Such power is illegiti-mate no matter by whom it may be exer-cised. Governments are instituted to se-cure natural right, and any government that fails to do this has no right to exist, whether it be a government by one, by the few, or by the many. NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. THE barbers of the State of Washington are re-ported to be agitating for a Sunday closing law to be presented to the next legislature for adoption. AN appealed case in which a German excursion club sued the Starin River and Harbor Transpor-tation Company for damages for non-performance of a Sunday contract has just been decided in the General Term. The contract was held to be void and no recovery could be had. THE women of the Shaker settlement of Mt. Lebanon, N. Y., protest against legislation closing the World's Fair on Sunday "in the name of true religion, genuine morality, and in justice to people of all religions." This protest has been sent to the women managers for New York, and is published in the New York World. AN auxiliary to the American Sabbath Union has been organized in Richmond, Virginia. The meet-ing at which the organization took place was held in the church of which Rev. Dr. Hoge is pastor, and was presided over by Governor McKinney. Resolutions were adopted approving the "action of Congress in directing that the World's Colum-bian Exposition be closed upon the Sabbath day." The Mail and Express publishes an item de-nouncing the district attorney and city attorney at Niagara Falls for not enforcing the Sunday law against store keepers at that place. "Apparently," says the Mail and Express, "all the retail stores are open as well as the saloons, notwithstanding the provision of the code." This continual harping upon the " law " and its enforcement is having its effect already. What will the result be ultimately? BEDFORD AVENUE, Brooklyn, is quite torn up over the Sunday bicycle question. Both preachers and laymen have expressed themselves on the matter, and on both sides of it. It is not quite certain what those who object to the bicycle riding want. It may be that some ride their bicycles to church. Certainly that would be just as commendable as riding in the street car, or pri-vate carriage, or even why not just as proper as walking. The wheel is but a simple mechanical assistance in walking. If bicyclers are to be shut off the streets on Sunday, why should not prom-enading be prohibited, and certainly carriage riding? If these objectors are not thoughtless, what is their ultimate thought? THE Africa which Livingstone and Stanley opened to the missionary and civilization, has al-ready become the seat of religious war as cruel and devastating as any heathen slaughter for suprem-acy or for slaves. The Protestant ministers and the Catholic fathers have sown seeds of religious dissension, until now as a result of their mission-ary labor the prevailing religion is the religion of the rifle. A writer in the New York Sun, de-scribing the condition of things in Uganda says that " politics is inextricably mixed up with re-ligion, and the missionaries powerless to quell the fires of intolerance they have kindled." So it always has been, so it is, and always will be, when use is made of religion to achieve polit-ical or legislative ends. THE Chicago Herald, in the course of an edito-rial mention of an undertaking, which is well under way in Chicago, to establish a series of educational and other popular exercises in a public place to be called the " People's Hall," says :Š The noteworthy fact in the plan as announced is the standard adopted concerning Sunday. . . . In the People's Hall university extension courses are to be given Sunday afternoons, while Sunday evenings are to be made prolific of good music, 