JULY 19, 1894. ANI1HALctif CA_N IINIME-4., 227 Of course, it will be as hard work to make the people realize and believe this as it would be to make them believe that an innocent lamb possessed the blood-thirsty nature of a dragon. See Rev. 12:17. In this way the people's own ideas of things will stand directly in the way of their understanding the prophecy. They will insist that this power has so many char-acteristics of the lamb that persecution would be impossible. That the first beast represents papal Rome is the truth. It alone has fulfilled all the specifications of the prophecy. Concerning this symbol, Dr. Adam Clarke says : " The beast here described is the Latin Empire, which supported the Romish or Latin Church; for it has upon its horns ten crowns, i. e., is an empire composed of ten distinct monarchies in the interest of the Latin Church." Dr. Scott says of this power : " In process of time, it (Rome) was divided into ten kingdoms. These are indeed reckoned up in several ways by different writers, according to the date assigned to the enumeration; but in gen-eral it is clear that the principal kingdoms in Europe, at this day, sprang from them and comprised them." And many of these kingdoms continue to support the Romish Church and to enforce her decrees upon their subjects. Pagan Rome was a terrible persecutor. But when Rome professed to be Christian-ized, and the government adopted Chris-tianity (so-called) as the national religion, it became the most frightful persecutor the world has ever known. When the church had grown corrupt enough to ask for civil power, and the government had grown reckless enough to give her this power, then followed the death-knell of liberty all over the empire. That what was done by the first beast was to be done over again by the second beast, we shall learn by reading the de-scription of that beast :ŠRev. 13 :11-17Š" And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth ; and he had two horns like a lamb, and he Łspake as a dragon. And he exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth and them which dwell therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed. And he doeth great wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight of men, and deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which ho had power to do in the sight of the beast; saying to them that dwell on the earth, that they should make an image to the beast which had the wound by a sword, and did live. And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not worship the image of the beast should be killed. And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads : and that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name." It is not our present purpose to prove the identity of this power, which is the United States of America; nor to discuss the formation 'of the " image," which can be nothing else than the establishment of Christianity as a national religion; we desire simply to call attention to " the mark of the beast," showing what it is, and what its enforcement means. The second beast is to force all the peo- ple under its jurisdiction to worship the first beast; hence it is the worship and the mark of the first beast that is to be en-forced (compare Rev. 13 :12; 15 : 2; 19 : 20). What, then, does the papacy set forth as its mark or sign ? Let us first consider what is the leading characteristic of this power. In the New Testament we find the papacy described as " that man of sin . ' . . who opposeth and exalteth him-self above all that is called God, or that is worshiped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." Now, let us read Dan. 7 : 25: " And he shall speak great words against the Most High, and shall wear out the saints of the Most High, and think to change times and laws : and they shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of time." The Douay Bible reads : " He shall think himself able to change times and laws." Dr. Clarke says : " Among Protestant writers this is considered to be the popedom." To show that the statements of that church agree with the predictions of prophecy, we quote from a standard Cath- olic authority, the " Roman Decretalia," as follows:Š The pope's will stands for reason. He can dispense above the law, and of wrong make right by correcting and changing laws.ŠPope Nicholas, Dist. 96. The pope has power to change times, to abrogate laws, and to dispense with all things, even the pre-cepts of Christ. He can pronounce sentences and judgments in contradiction to the right of nations and to the law of God and man.ŠDecretal de Translat. Episcop. Cap. We have found that, according to the Scriptures, as well as the teachings of the church, the leading principle of the pa-pacy is self-exaltation. This principle is carried so far that they even claim the power and the right to change the law of God. Of course they want everybody to acknowledge the authority which they claim. They want the people to admit that the Catholic Church not only has the power to make laws which it is sin to dis-obey, but that she has the right to require obedience to her laws in preference to the laws of God. To this end the church ex- hibits to the world a sign or mark of her law-making and law-changing power. The "Doctrinal Catechism," page 174, has the following:Š Question. Have you any other way of proving that the church has power to institute festivals of precept ? Answer. Had she not such power . Ł . she could not have substituted the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, for Saturday, the seventh day, a change for which there is no scriptural authority. Again, we read in a book entitled, " Plain Talk for Protestants," page 213:Š The observance of Sunday by Protestants is an homage they pay, in spite of themselves, to the au-thority of the (Catholic) church. Probably the organ of Cardinal Gib-bons, the Catholic Mirror, is the most representative Catholic paper in America. The editorial columns of a recent issue contained the following:Š The Catjaolic Church, for over 1,000 years before the existence of a Protestant, by virtue of her divine mission, changed the day from Saturday to Sunday. . . . The Protestant world, at its birth, found the Christian Sabbath too strongly intrenched, to run counter to its existence; it was therefore placed under the necessity of acquiescing in the arrangement, thus implying the church's right to change the day, for over 300 years. The Christian Sabbath is-therefore to this day the acknowledged offspring of the Catholic Church as spouse of the Holy Ghost, without a word of remonstrance from the Protestant world. The Reformers, Luther, Melancthon, and others, speak of the Catholic Church, thus :Š They allege the Sabbath changed into Sunday, the Lord's day, contrary to the Decalogue, as it appears neither is there any example more boasted of than the changing of the Sabbath day. Great, say they, is the power and authority of the church, since it dispensed with one of the ten commandments.ŠAugsburg Con-fession, Art. 28. Much more testimony could be given upon this point, but this should suffice. The fact is, that the Romish Church has for centuries set forth the Sunday institu-tion as the chiefest evidence of her power. It is the great monument, the sign, the mark, the symbol, the test of her pre-tended authority to change the times and laws of God. That the majority of professed Protes-tants have adopted the mark, and thus acknowledged the power of the beast, is proven every Sunday by their observance of the day. And they regard it as the chief institution of their religion. This is proven by the fact that they make greater efforts to secure its recognition than they do to secure the recognition of any other part of their creed. Archbishop Ireland styles Sunday "the sacred symbol of our Christianity," and professed Protestants vie with him in applying to it similar titles. Witness the following :Š This day is set apart for divine worship and prepar-ation for another life. It is the test of all religion.ŠDr. W. W. Everts, in Elgin Sunday Convention. The Sabbath (Sunday) is the corner-stone of Christ's kingdom. Let us recognize each recurring Sabbath as the sign of God's covenant. By this sign the world largely judges the depth of our Christian character, and by this sign God judges us.ŠMrs. J. C. Bateham, Sabbath Leaflet, No. 33. When the people, through their representative, le-galize the first day of the week as a day of rest and of worship for those who choose so to observe it, it is the sign of the Christian nation.Š/Prom a sermon re-ported in the Christian Oracle, January 12, 1893. For nothing were the noble men who planted true Christianity and an Evangelical Church in the wilder-ness, now constituting the United States, more distin-guished than for their reverence for the Sabbath. It was quite a prominent feature in their characterŠa sign between them and the heathen world aroundŠand, to a large extent, it has continued to be a mark of American religion to the present day.ŠRev. J G. Lorimer, in the Christian Treasury. Yes, Sunday is the " mark of American religion," "the sign of the Christian na-tion." The mark of the beast has become the mark of the image to the beast. The Roman government, by recognizing Chris-tianity as a national religion, developed the " beast," the so-called " Christian nation." The United States Government, by recognizing Christianity through the action of its Supreme Court, developed the image to the beast. And they call it a " Christian nation." And just as Sun-day became the sign of that " Christian nation," so it has become the sign of this Christian nation. The action of the Roman government created a union of Church and State, and the action of the United States Government likewise cre-ated a union of Church and State. And just as the first beast persecuted those who refused to adopt the governmental inter-pretation of the Bible and to observe Sun-day, so the second beast will become a persecuting power. The Scriptures say, " He exerciseth all the power of the first beast before him." That the Sunday managers intend to do the very things pointed out in prophecy is proven by their declarations everywhere. Hear what Dr. McAllister said at Lake-side, Ohio, July, 1887: " Let a man be what he may,ŠJew, seventh-day observer of some other denomination, or those who do not believe in the Christian Sabbath,Šlet the law apply to every one, that there shall be no public desecration of the first day of the week, the Christian Sabbath, 