BARBARIANS DESTROYING THE CORRUPT ROMAN EMPIRE. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 259 but for him to employ the armies of heaven to accomplish the inevitable result, even as it is written:Š "Blow ye the trumpet in Zion. and sound an alarm in my holy mountain : let all the inhabitants of the land tremble: for the day of the Lord cometh, for it is nigh at hand; a day of darkness and of gloominess, a day of clouds and of thick darkness, as the morning spread upon the mountains: a great people and a strong; there hath not been ever the like, neither shall be any more after it, even to the years of many generations. . . . And the Lord shall utter his voice before his army: for his camp is very great: for he is strong that executeth his word : for the day of the Lord is great and very terrible ; and who can abide it ?" Joel 2:1, 2, 11. And so, in the nature of things, the end of the world must come. In view of all this, we have said, and we still say, that when the National Reform combination succeeds in its endeavor with respect to the United States Government, then the only safety, the only deliverance from certain ruin, for any man, will be to separate utterly from the whole wicked alliance, even as again it is written:Š "And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues. For her sins have reached unto heav-en, and God hath remem-bered her iniquities. . . . Therefore shall her plagues come in one day, death, and mourning, and famine; and she shall be utterly burned with fire: for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her." Rev. 18:4, 5, 8. Such, in brief, has been the position and work of the AMERICAN SENTINEL from the first number that was printed until this present issue. And such the position and work of the SENTINEL will continue to be, until the last number shall have been issued. Now we are ready to tell why it is that we have asked the indulgence of our readers while we should restate the position of the SENTINEL; and that is that the men who have been engaged in this evil work of subverting the Christian principles upon which the Government of the United States was founded, and in bringing about this system which, in its turn, can bring only this ruin, these men are charging us with "sedition" and with "turning away the hearts of citizens from the United States Gov-ernment." One of these, in particular, out in the Western Re- serve, is making specially prominent this charge. He was born and bred a National Reformer. He has been a leader in the National Reform movement ever since June, 1887, when the National Reform convention held that year at Pittsburg appointed him as chief of their "prayer league," to pray at noon every day for their religio-political "kingdom of God" to come on the earth. This man is making himself now prominent as a special defender of the flag. It seems he carries with him a United States flag; and before his audiences enters against us the charge of "sedition," of "turning away the hearts of citizens from the United States Govern-ment;" and thus, with "disrespect for the flag." He gathers, if possible, a number of veterans of the late war, and puts them upon the front seats; and then, by sys-tematic misrepresentation both of us and his own posi-tion, he uses the arts of the demagogue to turn their love for the flag, into the fire of bitter hatred for-those whom he has thus set before them as "seditious." Then he caps his climax with drawing forth his flag and handing it to one of the veterans, and has him wave it while he himself leads the audience, or as many of them as he has suc-ceeded in bamboozling, in giving a grand "Hip Hip ! Hurrah! Hurrah! Hurrah!" for the flag. And this "Hurrah" for the flag is expected to be led with the spirit to "kick out of all loyal fraternities" every one of us who "teach sedition" and "turn away the hearts of citizens from the United States Government." The cut on the first page of this paper is a photograph of one of these scenes that he thus worked up not long ago out at Ellsworth, Ohio. The trick in this .is that our opposition to the Na-tional Reform movement, our warning against the in-iquity and the ruin that must certainly come from the success of that movement, and our calling upon all peo-ple to keep themselves separate from the whole scheme and all its workings if they would escape the ruin that it must certainly bring,Šthis he takes and deftly turns so as to make it appear that it is all aimed against the Government itself. In other words, all our opposition, and all our warn-ings, against the National Reform government, he takes up and so turns as to make it appear that they are all against the United States Government as it was origin-ally founded : when the truth is, and as all fair readers of the SENTINEL know, that the very object of the .exis- 