282 AMIE .11, SRNrri N 10 Vol,. 10, No. 36. Coming down a little nearer to our own time, we find one of the historians of New England, attempting to justify the banish-ment of Roger Williams, upon the ground that he was a disturber of the peace. He says:Š In all strictness and honesty he persecuted themŠnot they him; just as the modern " Come outer," who persistently intrudes upon some private company, making himself, upon pretense of conscience, a nui-sance there; isŠif saneŠthe persecutor, rather than the man who forcibly assists as well as courteously requires, his desired departure.1° According to Bancroft, the pretext was that Williams was a foe to their civil institutions. He says:Š Roger Williams, the apostle of " soul-liberty," weakened civil independence by impairing its unity; and he was expelled, even though Massachusetts bore good testimony to his spotless virtue." Another of the historians of Massachusetts makes an argument similar to that of Dr. Baxter's. Of the Quakers and their perse-cutors, he says:Š It is to be as frankly and positively affirmed that their Quaker tormentors were the aggressive party; that they wantonly initiated the strife, and with a dogged pertinacity persisted in outrages which drove the authorities almost to frenzy.12  It might appear as if good manners, and generosity and magnanimity of spirit, would have kept the Quakers away. Certainly, by every rule of right and reason, they ought to have kept away. They had no rights or buSiness here. . . . Most clearly they courted persecution, suffering, and death; and, as the magistrates affirmed, " they rushed upon the sword." Those magistrates never intended them harm, . . except as they believed that all their successive meas-ures and sharper penalties were positively necessary to secure their jurisdiction from the wildest lawless-ness and absolute anarchy." Mr. Brooks Adams examines these accusa-tions at length, and shows, conclusively from the. most authentic records, that the Baptists and Quakers were not as.,a class guilty of any civil offense, properly, so-called. He says:Š The early Quakers were enthusiasts, and therefore occasionally spoke and acted extravagantly; they also adopted some offensive customs, the most objection-able of which was wearing the bat." Mr. Adams shows very clearly that the " annoyance' and " disturbance" attributed to. Quakers was due simply to the intolerant feelings of their persecutors. These inoffensive people were driven from their homes; were cruelly whipped; were ban-ished from the colony; were hung like mur-derers; and yet the testimony of the historian is, that while they"'adopted some offensive customs," " the most objectionable " was " wearing the hat," that is, refusing to un-cover in the presence of so-called superiors. That which made "the wearing of the hat" so offensive in the Quaker, was his reason for doing it. " The Quaker scorned to take off his hat to any of them [rulers or nobles] ; he held himself the peer of the proudest peer in Christendom. . . . Thus the doctrine of George Fox was not only a plebeian form of philosophy, but a prophecy of political changes. . . . Everywhere in Europe, therefore, the Quakers were exposed to perse-cution. Their seriousness was called melan-choly fanaticism; their boldness, self-will; their frugality, covetousness; their freedom, infidelity; their conscience, rebellion." " " They were," says Bancroft, " hated by the church [the English establishment] and the Presbyterians, by the peers and the king. 15Dr. Baxter, "As to Roger Williams," p. 90. 11  " History of the United States," Vol. I, p. 319. 12  Mass. and its Early History, p. 104. 12  Idem, p. 110. " " Emancipation of Massachusetts," p. 140. " Bancroft's "History of the United. States," Vol. I, p. 545. The codes of that day describe them as 'an  abominable sect;' their principles as incon. sistent with any kind of government.' " Thus it was the Quaker's principles, and not his hat, that gave offense, and it was for his prin-ciples that he was imprisoned in England and banished from Massachusetts." Though banishment Was considered one of the milder forms of punishment, it was, when we come to consider the circumstances, bar-barously cruel. To the east lay nearly three thousand miles of ocean, and beyond it the persecution from which they had fled; to the west, the trackless wilderness, inhabited by wild beasts and savage men. Banishment meant only too of ten death, by cold or hunger, or by the hands of savages. Among the Quakers, banished from Massa-chusetts, was a family by the name of South-wick. October 19, 1658, the Southwicks were ordered to depart from the colony before the spring elections, namely, to depart in a New England winter; but having no way of going, except on foot, their cattle having been pre-viously seized and sold to pay fines, and they - left well-nigh penniless, they remained in the colony, and the following May, says Mr. Adams, " found them once more in the felon's dock." When arraigned, they asked what wrong they had done. The judges answered that they were rebellious for not going as they had been commanded. " The old man and woman piteously pleaded ,` that they had no other where to go,' nor had they done any-thing to deserve banishment or death, though £100 (all they had in the world) had been taken from them for meeting together." " But their plea was of no avail. " The father, mother, and son, were banished under pain of death." " But their misery was well-nigh done; they perished within a few days of each other, _tortured to death by flogging and starvation." Whole columns might be written descriptive of the cruel injustice perpetrated upon inof-fensive Baptists and Quakers in New England. The record of fines, imprisonment, whipping, and banishment, and hanging, is a long one; but we spare our readers. These details are revolting, and the reader wonders that such things could have taken place. But why regard-  with horror the dark records of injustice in past centuries, when in our own day similar scenes are enacted. Al-ready fines have been imposed; 'imprisonment has been endured; innocent men have been driven in chain-gangs; banishment has been in-directly attempted; and whipping and death must soon follow. In scores of cases, it has been heartlessly said of AdventistsŠ" If they do not want to conform to our customs, let them leave the country." But where shall they go? The New England Baptists and Quakers had the trackless wilderness to which to flee. Roger Williams first found an asylum with the Indians, and subsequently settled in Rhode Island, founding a colony there. But where shall the persecuted Sabbath-keeper go? Were he to flee from the persecutions of . civilized, " Christian " men, where are the savages with whom he might find refuge? where the wilderness in which he could plant a colony and make for himself a home? Moreover, many of these people, if they were to go out at all, would have to go as our illustration shows the Quakers of New Eng-land going, stripped of all earthly possessions except the clothes on their backs. Injustice and oppression are robbing them of their goods; and when filially they are driven out, they will go penniless. And yet this is neither China, nor Russia, 16 Bancroft's " History of the United States," Vol. I, p. 540. 17  "Emancipation of Massachusetts," p. 170. nor Turkey; it is "free America;" neither are we living in the seventeenth century, but in the closing decade of the nineteenth, sur-rounded with all the influences of " Christian civilization," warned by the history of the Dark Ages, and taught by the experience of a century of civil and religious liberty. But our boasted civilization, like Rome, is crumb-ling under its own magnificence; the light of liberty is going out, extinguished by human selfishness. Is there, then, no hope? Yea, verily: God lives, and when his people, weaned from earth by the things that they suffer, cry day and night for deliverance, " he will avenge them speedily." " " Be patient, therefore, brethren, unto the coming of the Lord. Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth, and bath long patience for it, until he receive the early and latter rain. Be ye also patient; stablish your hearts: for the coming of the Lord draweth nigh." James 5: 7. 8. WORSE THAN TENNESSEE. FROM clippings that have been sent us from the daily papers of Chatham, Ont., where Mr. John Matthews, a Seventh-day Adventist, is in jail for having regarded Sunday as a work-ing day, in obedience to the fourth command-ment, it seems likely that "Protestant" Ontario will soon make a record of persecution for con-science' sake, which will surpass any that has yet been made in Tennessee. A reporter of the Chatham Daily Planet publishes an interview which he had with the prisoner and with some of the officials concerned in the case, of which the following is a part:Š The prisoner takes the thing coolly enough. He thinks he's a martyrŠsays such fellows as he have to endure persecution and all that sort of thing. " I suppose I'll have to spend most of my clays in jail, now," said the man to me. " Oh, I don't know about that," I answered. "The next time you'll probably get Central Prison, instead of jail; and I tell you what, my Christian friend, a month of the Central will sicken you." "Will you put him at hard labor ?" was asked the governor. " If there is any work to be done he'll have to take his turn with the rest," replied Mr. Mercer. " Suppose he won't work on Saturday " " Well, he'll get into trouble, that's all. If he were at the Central and refused to work, they'd give him the cat." In no other case that has yet arisen has it been announced, as it is here, that the im-prisoned Adventist would be compelled to work on the Sabbath. In Tennessee and else-where in the United States, they have been allowed to observe the day set apart by the fourth commandment by refraining from work, in harmony with the dictates of their consciences. But in this case, should there be opportunity for its realization, the plainly-implied purpose is to compel the prisoner, if possible, to violate his conscience and work on the day set apart by his religion as sacred, by an application of the lash This is the kind of religious freedom which is to-day allowed a good and upright citizen of the highly-civ-ilized province of Ontario. In addition to this, if the published report be true, Governor Mercer has taken upon himself to decide that the pastor of the church to which the prisoner belongs, Mr. A. 0. Burrill, is not an ordained minister of the gospel; that is, that the ordination conferred upon Pastor Burrill, in accordance with the usage of the denomination to which he be-longs, is not genuine ordination! Hence, the report says, the governor is in doubt as to how far Pastor Burrill should be indulged in the "Lukc 1.;& 