8 AMERICAN SENTINEL. tion is wholly a spiritual process, wrought only by spirit-ual agencies; and as "Christian Citizenship" claims to be regeneration and not mere reform; it follows that it is a fraud, and therefore not Christian at all. But not only is it a fraud in not being what it claims to be; it is a sub-stitute for that which has been instituted by God for human salvation. It is a man-made system of regenera-tionŠa substitute for the real generation which, is of God by the Holy Spirit. In claiming to be regeneration, it stamps itself as not only a fradulent, but an anti-Christian, thing. The acceptation of Christian Citizenship as the means of regeneration, means its acceptance as the Christian religion. The Christian Citizenship worker will engage in politicsŠfor "the application of gospel principles to public affairs " by means of the ,ballot and legisla-tion can be nothing more than a form of politicsŠbelieving that he is thereby showing forth " the science of righteousness." It is the same old error which has done such evil work all through the agesŠthe con-founding of politics with Christianity. And this latest phase of it is no better than any of the others, and no less fraught with evil to mankind. Christian Citizenship and the Coming of the Lord. lv elected by the majority will He serve? If the Lord Jesus Christ, "the Lord of Glory," should be elected by the majority of the people of the United States as ruler of the nation, will He accept the office? There i's a confederation of ecclesiastical forces en-gaged in a religio-political campaign with a view to elect-ing the Saviour as Supreme Ruler of this nation. When this shall be accomplished it is proposed to carry the campaign to other nations until He shall be made undis-puted Ruler of the world. At this point some will deny that there is any such campaign in progress. Others will pass the matter by with the remark that if true it is the work of a few irre-sponsible fanatics. Others still, who favor the campaign, will readily admit the existence and strength of the movement, and will be ready for a discussion of the main question. These last ones are asked to wait until the existence and magnitude of the campaign are shown to those readers who are disposed to doubt or deny it. The largest campaign procession yet organized to impress the public with the magnitude of the movement was the one which marched from the steps of the national capitol down Pennsylvania Avenue to the treasury building. This procession numbered fifty-thousand, and was composed of representatives of twenty-five Protes-tant churches federated under the name of the United Societies of Christian Endeavor, an organization num-bering three millions. This magnificent parade was headed by a body of clergymen, one of whom carried, a banner, an illustration of which is here reproduced from  a photograph. This great demonstration was made in the interests of what is called 'Christian Citizenship. "Christian Endeavor Stands for Christian Citizenship," were the words used by the President of the United Socie-ties of Christian Endeavor, Mr. Clark, when publicly pre-senting the banner to the clergyman who carried it at the head of the mammoth procession. The official report of this demonstration says of its ultimate aim :Š "That grand exhibition of young manhood and womanhood is the clearest omen yet seen Of the coming time when Christ, whose right it is to reign, shall be su-preme on Capitol Hill."ŠOfficial Report, Fifteenth Inter-national 'Christian Endeavor Convention, Washington, D. C., July 8-13, 1896. A later and if possible more striking statement of the ultimate object of the Christian Citizen crusade is the following:Š " Not until the kingship of Jesus is established over our land and the world, and his teachings made the rule in all public affairs will the Christian Citizenship League have achieved its purpose to prepare the way of the Lord. And then it shall be found, that not only has the way for his coming been prepared, but that He has indeed and in truth come."ŠThe Christian Citizen (December, 1896), the official organ of the'Cliristian Citizenship League. 