'Jo VIII, 11111111111111moiTHI Illijr.)1/191111111111,,,,g011110111ii "77"IlliVh)1,1.N.a Ira ynl Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas 7eferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 3, 1891.,  NUMBER 35. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND BT., NEW YORE. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. WREN. THE nearest formula, as to human con-duct, to the teachings of Jesus is found in the Declaration of Independence; and the Constitution of the United States is the embodiment, as near as may be, of those principles in the management of organized society. THESE liberal principles are the out-growth of the doctrines taught by Christ, and put into our national political system by the joint efforts of liberal Christian ministers, and philosophical statesmen, and the good done to religion and humanity will be an everlasting monument to those ndble men whose efforts were not put forth in vain. Ł " IT is strange that professed followers of Christ should forget the lines defined and ordered by the Founder of our relig-ion, and appeal to the State to aid them with its fines and prisons in the spread of religious truths, when the facts are ever before us to prove that in this country, where Church and State have thus far been divorced, Christianity is on a better and more promising footing than it is in any other country on the globe." WE do not charge the National Reform-ers with the intention to follow the exam-ple of the Papacy, nor with any purpose to oppose themselves to the truth of God by usurping his prerogatives; far from it; but we do charge that their zeal for God and for his law is not according to knowl-edge. Their purpose is to honor God by  ; requiring all to acknowledge him as the rightful ruler of this Nation, and of all nations; but the effect of their proposed amendment would be to put the Govern-: ment in the place of God, to substitute for the divine law human interpretation of that law, and so to destroy allegiance to God. How Are the Powers That Be Ordained? THE Scripture says that " the powers that be are ordained of God." How is it done ? Is it direct and miraculous, or providential ? Jer. 27 :1-8 shows that the power of Nebuchadnezzar as king of Babylon was ordained of God. Did God send a prophet or a priest to anoint him king ? or did he send a heavenly messen-ger, as to Moses and Gideon ? Not at all. Nebuchadnezzar was king because he was the son of his father, who was king. How did his father become king ? Thus : In 625 B. c. Babylonia was but a province of the empire of Assyria, and Media was another. Both revolted at once. The king of Assyria gave Nabopolassar com-mand of a large force, sent him to Baby-lonia to quell the revolt, while he himself led other forces into Media, and put down the insurrection there. Nabopolassar did his work so well in Babylonia that the king of Assyria rewarded him with the command of that province, with the title, king of Babylon. Thus we see Nabopo-lassar received his power from the king of Assyria. The king of Assyria received his power from his father, Asshurbanipal. Asshurbanipal received his from his father, Esarhaddon. Esarhaddon received his from his father, Sennacherib. Sennache-rib, from his father, Sargon, and Sargon received his from the troops in the field, otherwise from the people. Thus we see that the power of the kingdom of Babylon and of Nebuchadnezzar,, the king, or of his son, or of his son's son, was simply providential, and sprung ultimately from the people. Take, for instance, Queen Victoria, queen of Great Britain. How did she be- come so ? Simply by the fact that she was the first in the line of succession when William the Fourth died. Through one line she traces her royal lineage to Wil-liam the Conqueror ? But who was Wil-liam the Conqueror ? He was a Norman chief who led his forces into England in 1066, and established his power there. How did he become a chief of the Nor-mans ? The Normans made him their chief, so that in that line it is clear that the power of Queen Victoria sprung from the people. Take the other line. The house that now rules Britain, represented in Victoria, is the House of Hanover. Hanover is a province of Germany. How did the House of Hanover get into England ? When Queen Anne died, the line of suc-cession was George of Hanover, who be-came king of England under the title of George the First. How did he receive his princely dignity ? Through his line-age, from Henry the Lion, son of Henry the Proud, who received the Duchy of Saxony from Frederick Barbarossa, in 1156. Henry the Lion, son of Henry the Proud, was a prince of the House of Guelph, of Suabia. The father of the House of Guelph was a prince of the Allemanni, who invaded the Roman Empire and established their power in what is now Southern Germany, and were the origin of what is now the German nation and empire. But who made this man prince ? The sav-age tribes of Germany. So that in this line also the royal dignity of Queen Vic-toria springs from the people. Besides this the imperial power of Queen Victoria as she now reigns is circumscribed, limited by the people. It has been related, and we have seen it in print, although the story may not be true, yet it will serve to illustrate the point, that on one occasion Gladstone, while Prime Minister and head of the House of Commons, took a certain paper to the queen to be signed. She did not exactly approve of it, and said she would' not sign it. Gladstone spoke of the merit of the act, but the queen de- 