THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 587 News, Notes . . . and Comment THE effort recently made to commit the G. A. R. organization to the project of securing the transfer of Memorial Day to the last Sunday in May, was defeated, but a strong minority manifest themselves in its favor. It will be heard from again later. .4 .4 IT is regretfully acknowledged' by American press writers that American troops in China partici-pated with those 'of the European Powers in the sacking and looting around Peking. The only troops that held'aloof, we are told, were the heathen Japa-nese. eh IN a letter treating on the present political out-look, ex-Secretary Olney says that " perfection in a candidate, or a platform is an idle dream." This is true, and this is the reason why the plane of politics can never be raised to that of Christianity, and no stream that flows out of politics can reach the king-dom of God. .4 .4 NOT much can be said with certainty regarding the outcome of the Chinese situation, but the Inde-pendent (New York) is of the opinion that for the present "a detachment of each army will probably remain in Peking" to "watch the Empress Dowager," and also "to watch each other." As regards the lat-ter statement this is quite a safe prediction to make. .4  .4  " THE principles of the Declaration of Independ-ence," says the Independent, will apply to the people of the Philippines only when they" shall be fitted by the diffusion of civilization and education to be in-dependent, and assume among the Powers of the earth ' a separate and equal station,' needing no protection." All such talk is good encouragement for the men who are trying to re-enslave the South- ern negro. Ł A LETTER sent out by the Vatican to the Catho-lic governments with reference to ,the change of  Italian rulers, states that since 1870 the condition of the Papacy has been steadily growing worse, and in-yokes the assistance of all Catholics and all Catholic states to relieve the Roman pontiff from a situation that has become " intolerable." We do not any-where read that He whose vicar the Pope claims to be, whose home was not a palace or His raiment kingly, who owned no vast treasures of gold and jewels and received no princely income, ever sought to be relieved from such, an " intolerable " situation. .4 et SPEAKING of the complaints of outrages made by the missionaries in foreign lands, that are almost daily received at the State Department in Washing-ton, ihe Church Standard, of Philadelphia, offers this commendable comment: " It would seem that comparatively few such let-ters ought to be written and that many indignities should be silently borne. Indeed, we may go fur-ther and admit that there is much force in the con-tention of the Rev. J. Hudson Taylor, of the China Inland Mission, that in the long run appeals 'to home governments work nothing but harm. His testimony was that he had known of many riots that had never' been reported and of much suffering endured by missionaries in silence, which had fal-len out rather to the furtherance of the gospel." If we leave God to vindicate our cause,' he said, the issue is sure to prove marvelous in spirituality.'" .4  .4  A RESIDENT of Springfield, Mass., a man named McFethries, has drawn up a plan for securing and perpetuating general peace throughout the earth, which he has submitted to the ,President and to the sovereigns of Europe, and has also given to Ameri-can and European newspapers for publication. It provides for a combination of Russia, Germany, France, England, and the United States, representa-tives of which governments are to draw up a pre-amble " with conditions satisfactory to all," agreeing to cease from war themselves, and, further, to "use their combined efforts " to prevent war between other nations. International jurymen are to be named and authorized to decide international disputes, their decision to be binding upon all. Then the arma-ments of the nations are :to be reduced yearly, at a great saving of money, etc. There is only one thing standing' in the way of the success of this and similar schemes, and that is the fact that people are selfish, and don't want to be 