76 AMERICAN SENTINEL. "I should think such a way of doing things would make no end of bother and worry for the king," said practical Jack Smith. "It did, indeed, for after a while the poor king didn't own as much land as the nobles and vassals, and so they did not like to acknowledge their allegiance to him." "Wasn't that the way with Rollo?" asked Florence Ray. "Yes, and poor Simple Charles did not dare to resent the insult of being tumbled off his throne." ' "I should have thought they would have changed the foot-kissing ceremony after they had such an experience as this," said Maggie Palmeter, laughing. "So they did; after a while they signified their allegi-ance to the one above them by placing the hand inside that of their superior, which was certainly a more pleas-ing custom." "Let me see, professor, I would like to make a note of the time when Hugh Capet took the throne." "Very well; write; Hugh Capet, first of the Capetian kings, reigned from 987 to 996 A. D. "I have been very glad to see thatyou all made good use of your note books during this lesson. -We will close this study by giving the names of each of the kings of France as far as we have studied. This you will also do well to write in your note books. Then we will repeat them in concert:Š "Clovis, later, and unimportant kings, Pepin the Short, Charlemagne, Louis the Good-natured, Charles I. the Bald, Louis II. the Stammerer, Louis III. and Carlo-man, Charles II. the Fat, Charles III. the Simple, Louis IV. Lothaire, Louis V. the Do-Nothing, and Hugh Capet. MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. Following the Majority.ŠNo. 2. "Goon evening, Tom!" "Why, good evening, Will! Come in! Take a seat by the fire. You are just the boy I've been wanting to see. Where have you been keeping yourself of late?" "At home, Tom. You know I told you I believed I would take my circus money and buy me one of those pocket Bibles like yours?" "Yes, Will, I remember." "Well, I did it, and I have been putting in my spare time of late in studying it." "Good for you, Will! How are you getting on?" "Well, that is just what I want to tell you. I need a little help." "What is the matter, Will? Is it hard for you to find the texts you want?" "No, Tom. I tried your way. Learned the names of the different books, and the order in which they come, and when I know the reference now, I can find it easy enough." "Well, that is good! Now what is the matter?" "Why, it's these verses here in the fifth chapter of  MatthewŠthe 17th and 18th: Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets : I am not come to destroy;  but to fulfil. For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, One jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all beiulfilled."  " "So you are studying of the law, are you, Will?" "Yes, Tom. I wanted to see if there is any reason for people's thinking it has been changed. 'Jim Drake says he heard his father say that there was no need of people getting their mind all confused in the study of the old law, because it had all been changed when the Saviour came, and all we had to do now was to believe in Christ. "But, Jim," said I, "how are we to believe in Christ unless we are acquainted with him; and how are we to become acquainted with him except through his laws? Did you ask your father to explain the matter, Jim?" "No, indeed," said he. "He wouldn't have done it if I had. He don't think such things belong to children." "But they do. Jim," said I, "for I remember reading a verse in my Bible the other day that said, ‚Thosethings that are revealed belong unto us and to our children,' so if there was any change made, we boys have as good. a right to know it as the older people. "Why, Jim," said I, "your father is quite an active man in church work, isn't he? "`Well;  yes,' said he, 'if talking politics and keeping people straight on Sunday can be called church work.' " 'But, Will,' said he. 'are you certain that the Sa-viour's coming didn't change the law?' "'Yes, sir, Jim, I am,' said I. "`Well, now, look here, Will,' said he, 'it isn't very likely that the majority of the people are in the wrong, and only now and then one right.' "But, Jim," said I, "don't you know that the way that the majority travel is called the broad way, and doesn't lead to heaven at all, and but just a few find the road to eternal life? It doesn't make any difference, Jim, if all the world says a thing is so, if God says it isn't so, why, it isn't! "'Well, Will,' said he, `just show me where He says it isn't so.' "Well, Tom, do you know that I couldn't do it? I had heard it talked of lots in the Sabbath-school, and thought I understood it real well, but I hadn't realized how necessary it was that we know just where to find the proof of what we say, and I began to see why our teacher considered it so very essential that we boys learn the ref-erences for ourselves. I said, 'Jim, I don't know just where to find it, but I know it says so, and I'll Wok the matter up.' " 'Well, yes.' said he in his sarcastic way, 'it strikes me, Will, that that will be about the thing for you to do, and may be when you find it it won't read just as you thought it did.' "But I knew it did, so I said, 'I mean to do it, Jim,' and walked away, fearing he might aggravate me to say something to be sorry for. I went home and began at once. My father smiled and said, `If you keep on, my 