66 'ME AMERICAN SENTINEL. J. M. Foster in Christian Statesman, of March, 1884: According to the Scriptures, the State and its sphere exist for the sake of and to serve the interests of the Church.' This statement J. II. W. emphatically denies. As a believer in the Bible, how will he undertake to expound Isa. 49 : 23 and 60 : 12, in accord with his views of the relation of Church and State? Does he know how to read history ? " etc. With expositions of prophecy we have not now to do. We have shown, and will continue to show, that this "Reform" party entirely misapprehends the difference between the past and present dispensations. In the above quota-tion it will be seen that Mr. Leiper, following Rev. J. M. Foster, utterly ignores the distinction which he says we have not the wisdom to dis-tinguish; and he reveals the "true inwardness" of the National Reform movement. Mark, they do not say the State exists to serve the interests of religion; but, " the State exists for the sake of and to serve the interests or THE CHURCH." The truth is that religion and the Church are inseparably connected. Religion cannot exist without religious people. Christianity cannot exist where there are no Christians; and Chris-tians, wherever found, constitute the Christian Church. If the Nation is to serve the cause of religion, it must by some means determine what religion,  or whose religion shall be enforced by the State. Will the Amendment party have the Nation set aside the churches, and adopt a religion to suit the people outside of the churches? Will they consent to thus distin-guish between religion and the Church, in the action of the Government? Let the Statesman answer. In its issue of March 21, 1884, Rev. J. C. K. Milligan uses the following language:Š " If our Nation will accept God as the source of all authority, Christ Jesus as the Nation's king, and his law as of supreme authority over them, its creed is orthodox. The theological questions referred to do not belong to the Na-tion as a civil organism, nor to our movement, which is a civil and not an ecclesiastical one; the churches must settle these questions among themselves and with each other, and at least we will not allow the civil Government to decide between them, and to ordain church doctrines, ordinances, and laws." But the very life and essence of religion is found in church doctrines, ordinances, and laws. None but a Jesuit would pretend to distin-guish between.  the true religion and the doc-trines, ordinances, and laws of the true Church. In the above extract we have the plan of our future Government outlined by the Amend- mentists themselves. The State must uphold or enforce the true religionŠalways noting the distinction between religion and the Church, but Š" the churches must- settle these questions" of theology, or define the religion 'which the State must enforce I It is the sphere of the State to serve the interests of the Church, and to "adhere to, defend, and maintain the true religion," the churches always deciding what is the true religion. This is no union of Church and StateŠoh, no. There is a wide distinction; the State is only the servant of the Church, and it is the office of the Church to dictate to the State what "usages, laws, and institutions" of religion it must maintain How wonderful is the logical acumen of the Religious Amend- mentists ! What a nice distinction they can trace, which none but themselves have "the  wisdom to distinguish " 1 We do not accuse Mr. Leiper of intending to deceive his readers. We believe that he himself is deceived by the deceitfulness of the theory which he is endeav- oring to maintain. And to make more full proof of his blindness he says that we do not distinguish "between protection and usurpation." But this is the very distinction we have made, and to which we have tried to call the attention of the Amend-mentists. in the May number of the SENTINEL we said of them: " They are not asking for protection, for this they now have most fully; they are seeking for power." The truth is that protection is now assured by our Government to these religionists, but with this they are not satisfied; they are not content to have the Gov- ernment protect them in their religious convic-tions and practices; they must needs usurp authority over the convictions and consciences of those who do not agree with them. The Amendmentists are the very ones who utterly ignore the distinction between protection and usurpation. But we plead for protection for all; and this they vigorously oppose, because they cannot bear the idea of seeing others equally favored with themselves. EQUAL RIGHTS TO ALL. Mr. Leiper continues his notice of us in the following language:Š "But see how he stultifies himself in answer to the following question sent him: ' Can laws which guard religious rights and protect relig-ious privileges be considered oppressive to non-religionists?'His answer is: 'By no means.' But the laws which have already created a hue and cry among the ranks of non-religionists are those that are designed to give rest to all citi-zens on the Sabbath, and the privilege to Chris-tian people of worshiping God undisturbed in their homes or churches." We must differ with Mr. L. in his judgment of our answer. We are willing to trust the decision of every candid reader that we did not stultify ourself; in our answer we said:Š "It is the duty of every Government to guard all rights, and to protect in the exercise of all privileges which may lawfully be exercised. This is not oppressive to the non-religionists. But religion is a voluntary matter; under coer-cion it is worthless and a mockery. That which is a privilege to one, being a matter of con-science, is no privilege to another whose con-science is not exercised in the same manner. A law to compel the non-religionist to observe religious rites and rules because they are privi-leges to his religious neighbor, is oppressive. It is injustice to the man and an injury to re-ligion. " The duty of the Government is not ex-hausted when it has protected the rights of the religious. Governments are not established for the benefit of any one class of their subjects. It is no more the duty of the Government to protect the religionist, than it is its dutY to pro-tect the non-religionist. The non-religionist . . has no right to disturb his neighbor, or hinder him from living out his religion; and his religious neighbor has no right to disturb him in the peaceful possession of his home be-cause he is not religious; he has no right to compel him to observe religious rites in which he does not believe. Neither has any class of religionists any right to disturb others because they profess a religion different from their own. And it is equally the duty of the Government to protect them all, whatever their religion may be, or whether or not they have any at all." Dare Mr. Leiper or the Statesman copy this reply and deny our conclusion before its read-ers ? We doubt; they may evade, and accuse us of self-stultification, by keeping Our position from their readers. Our answer must commend itself to all who have any regard for the rights of others; who even approach to the moral duty of loving their neighbors as themselves. But it seems very plain that in this class the Na- tional Reformers are not included. It seems impossible to make these self-styled reformers recognize the difference between mo- rality and religion. In argument for "religious legislation " Mr. Leiper says:Š "Such legislation will, as it should, provide for the protection of the family. But this im-plies marriage and divorce laws. Where would J. H. W. have us go for a safe guide in such legis-lation? The family is the nursery of the State, hence no laws of greater importance or farther reaching are enacted by any Government. . . . And has our objector not yet learned that the race is indebted to the religion of Christ for the pure blessing of the family?" No, we have not learned it; and we invite Mr. Leiper to give evidence to that effect if he has it to give. We say, as we have before said, that it is the duty of the Government to enact marriage and divorce laws, because marriage is not a Christian institution. It antedates the fall of man and the introduction of a gospel system. Mr. Leiper is altogether at fault on the question. He really stands with the Cath-olics, who make marriage a Christian or Church ordinance. To be consistent he must deny that marriage is valid outside the Church. His po-sition would deprive infidels and unbelievers of the privilege of marriage, for such have no right to the benefit of the ordinances of Christianity. But we dissent. It was an institution given to the father of the race before the fall, and belongs to the race without regard to their relation to Christianity. Speaking of our assertion that a civil government cannot enforce laws on a purely moral basis, Mr. Leiper says:Š "Monogamy is a law of Christianity. Is it impossible to enforce it ?" This remark is both irrelevant and untrue. The Saviour, in his answer concerning divorce, placed the marriage institution on its original basis. He enacted nothing new in regard to it. He said: "Moses because of the hardness of your hearts suffered you to put away your wives; but from the beginning it was not so. Matt. 19 : 8. In verses 4, 5, he shows to what this refers. He there says: "Have ye not read, that he which made them at the beginning made them male and female, and said, For this cause shall a man leave father and mother, and shall cleave to his wife; and they twain shall be one flesh?" Where had they " read " these statements? In Gen. 1 : 27, and 2 : 24. " In the beginning " God made them male and fe- maleŠnot male and females. They twoŠnot they three or they fiveŠshall be one flesh. A man shall leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave to his wifeŠnot to his wives. Monogamy was embraced in the original mar- riage institution. It is not a law of Christian-ity; but the Saviour freed the law from the errors of tradition and restored it to its original position. Mr. Leiper thinks that we evince wondrous ignorance of the origin and basis of civil gov- 