turns, and by turns raising protests and lamentations because he has had, at length, as king, to share the fate of all dynasties which have gone before. If Leo XIII. is prepared, for the sake of peace, to throw over the po-litical claims of others, why should he so persistently cling to his own?ŠSt. James (London) Gazette. A NATION, nominally Christian, professing to accept a divinely-appointed mission to a benighted nation be-yond the seas, and assuming that it has, providentially been called to be the guardian of a people incapable of developing its own Christian civilization, uses, as its missionaries, beer and bullets, and not Bibles. The Christian Church utters but feeble, if any protest, and appears to be blind except to visions of military and political glory? My protest may be without force, but I place it on record. May God save our nation from itself, its own worst enemy.ŠHenry B. Metcalf. APPARENTLY Macaulay's Maori is not to have the privilege of surveying the ruins of London, The recent report of the registrar-general of New Zealand shows that that fine race is going the way of all primitive peoples touched by the blight of civilization, and will be extinct in a few more decades. Debauchery and unsuit-able European clothing are among the causes assigned. It would be well to stop canting about the elevation of inferior races long enough to point out a few that have been elevated. The frontiersman's grim prescription for making good Injuns prevails everywhere, and when gun-powder fails drink and the devil do for the rest. The Kanaka is going, even the Eskimo in his icy citadels is going: If Japan is saved it will be at the muzzle of well-aimed 13-inch guns. The white man's civilization is poison to "inferior" races.ŠSpringfield Republican. The Boys' Book of Inventions. BY RAY STANNARD BAKER. The author gives most interesting accounts of some of the most note-worthy marvels of modern science, such as the Submarine Boat, Liquid Air, Wireless Telegraphy, Tailless Kites, Motor Vehicles, Flying Ma-chines, etc. A book of 350 pages, and over 140 illustrations. Decorated cloth binding. Size5%x8X. Price $2.00. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. HOW SHALL WE REFORM SOCIETY' Quotations are made from standard works of various denominations, from denominational organs, and from the utterances of prominent men in the Christian world, to show that while society needs reforming sadly enough, such reformation can never be effected by law. Four pages. Price - - Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING Co., 39 Bond St., New York. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 717 TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bana Draft on New York. Personal cheeks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. if paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN S Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom- promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION, PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year " Six months - .50, e Three months .25, ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York— "(I MEND 0' THE KITCHEN." WE have no apology to offer in bringing to the attention of our readers a cook book discarding an article of diet which is everywhere known to contain disease-producing germs, often of a most virulent type. While "A Friend in the Kitchen" contains no flesh food recipes, it does contain an abundance of that which is most palatable and whole-some, and it also tells how the foods may be prepared in the best possible way. Its 400 recipes are inter-spersed with short talks on foods and food combina-tions and other items of practical value and importance to every housewife, as well as to those who wish to study the subject of diet for their own benefit. Remember it contains about 400 carefully tested recipes. The binding is a new preparation resembling leather, is almost as durable, and may be washed the same as oilcloth. Price 60 cents postpaid. GOOD AGENTS WANTED. INIŁ11111.01Ł11111MŁ111111ŁŁ111111,  Address PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St, New York City. 