112 TV,'CAIN-  SlhaVir VoL. 9. No. 14. Nnw YORK, APRIL 5, 1894. ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE publication of the series of articles, of which notice was given in the issue of March 22, will be postponed for a few weeks. This will give opportunity for all who wish to make use of an extra quantity of these issues to arrange in advance. Some of the subjects to be discussed are, Justification by faith or penance, which ? Infallibility, where is it found ? The real Presence, in what does it consist ? etc. These articles will be of interest to every class of readers, and the numbers contain-ing them should receive a wide circulation. AFTER many years of hard fighting, the Sunday opening of picture galleries in London has just been conceded by the common council, but only through the casting vote of the Lord Mayor. The council stood eighty-eight in favor and eighty-eight against the motion, and it was amid much excitement that the Lord Mayor gave his casting vote. A motion to rescind the resolution will come up at the next meeting. THE Present Truth, of London, Eng., says :Š A Spanish correspondent reports that the Protestant churches in some of the provinces have been closed, and a church in Madrid has been required to close its front entrance and use the side door; as the open doors on the street constituted an offense against the religious sentiments of the people. This is but another expression of the same religious sentiment which in Georgia, Tennessee and Maryland is " disturbed " by labor done on Sunday, even though the laborer be far out of sight and hearing. THE " Oshkosh Sabbath Association " has been formed in Oshkosh, Wis., and a committee an Sunday closing appointed " to attain, if possible, voluntary closing of places of business and the cessation of public amusements and the like on the Sabbath day, and also to see that the laws are enforced in case there be any one who will not otherwise be persuaded to desist from desecrating publicly the Sabbath day." So the citizens of this Wisconsin city are to be put in compulsory remem-brance of the fact that the first day of the week is the Sunday of the United States of America! How many will recollect that the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord their God? THE third Monday in this month another Seventh-day Adventist will be called to stand trial for his faith in Kent County, Maryland. A month later two men of the  same faith will answer before a Georgia court for exercising their God-given right to work on the first day of the week as required by their faith. Another case is pending in the Supreme Court of Tennes-see, and will be decided in a few days. A MEETING of the Sunday Closing Asso-ciation recently held at Birmingham, Eng-land, shows that very much the same views and purposes are held by the pro-moters of the movement there as obtain here in the American Sabbath Union. The attitude toward the Sunday closing of saloons is quite identical. The Bishop of Coventry said in a communication to the association :Š I have long been convinced that the stoppage of the sale of drink on Sunday would be no real hardship to the drink consumer, and that he could by a little fore-thought obtain on Saturday all that he may require on Sunday and by a litie self-control keep what is so ob-tained on Saturday for Sunday use. This ingenuous statement of the bishop is commended to those who think they are favoring the cause of temperance by advocating Sunday closing laws. THE Boston Pilot, of March 24, has this editorial paragraph :Š The AMERICAN SENTINEL of New York, defending the A. P. A. conspiracy, says, with impressive italics:Š" Some cf their methods may be wrong. But even though some of their methods be wrong, or even though all their methods be wrong, whatever the 'methods the object is as certainly right as that the principles of the United States Government, as founded by our fathers, are right." In other words, " the end justifies the means "Šgood A. P. A. doctrine, no doubt, but not usually so bluntly confessed. In this the Pilot has jumped to several erroneous conclusions. In the first place a careful reading of the article from which the sentence quoted was taken, will show that the AMERICAN SENTINEL is no more "defending the A. P. A. conspiracy" than the Roman Catholic conspiracy. Then to say that an object sought is right, though the methods used to attain it may be, or are, wrong, is not justifying the methods, but quite the contrary. For instance, it is, of course, the ostensible object of the Catholic Church to bring man to a knowledge of God and the gos-pel. This object is certainly right, but neither the Pilot nor any one else can accuse the AMERICAN SENTINEL of defend-ing the Roman Catholic Church, and in-dorsing its methods, because the end which it asserts to be its object is right. IN the March number of the Catholic World there appears a significant article on the probable position of Europe at the beginning of the next century. " It fore-casts," says the Northwestern Chronicle, "a rearrangement of the geographical de-limitations and a settlement of the Roman question upon a basis toward which the current of modern thought appears to be certainly tending. In the pope's intense admiration for American institutions the writer sees more than the sentiment of a  lover of constitutional freedom, and finds in the application of a portion of the American principle to the Roman diffi-culty a solution of the vexed question of the pope's temporal sovereignty." We shall have more to say of this later. THE Pilot states that " a movement has been begun in the Catholic Church which is to be conducted on lines somewhat sim-ilar to those under which the Methodist Book Concern is carried on. It has been started by the Rev. James L. Meagher, of Cazenovia, N. Y., who has founded the Christian Press Association, which is com-posed of priests and lay persons, governed by a constitution approved by Mgr. Sat-olli, the Apostolic Delegate. The associ-ation is recommended by more than forty Catholic prelates." This is only another step in the popish conspiracy against the freedom of America. The sooner all free-dom of opinion and expression is utterly crushed out of her own communion, the sooner it can be crushed elsewhere. IF the lady who sent us a few pages of copy for a three hundred page book, re-questing an answer by return mail, will send her address we will be glad to furnish the information asked, and also to return the manuscript. "Is the Papacy in Prophecy ? " is a most interesting and timely question, and it is aptly answered by Rev. Thomas Haskins, A. M., Rector of Christ Church, Los Angeles, Cal., in a pamphlet bearing that title. This work is the outgrowth of a series of papers read by Mr. Haskins before the Ministerial Union of Los Angeles, and subsequently published by him at the re-quest of the union. That the papacy is in prophecy is clearly shown and its course traced to its final destruction. Mr. Haskins' little work is well worth reading. One hundred pages; size of page, 6 x 9 inches; price, in paper covers, 25 cents; in boards, cloth covered, 50 cents. Address, the author, Los Angeles, Cal., or Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York. " THE Fathers of the Catholic Church," is the title of a valuable work by Dr. E. J. Waggoner, now of London, Eng. This book ought to be in the hands of every person who has to meet the testimony of the " Fathers " in behalf of the Sunday institution. Every Sabbath-keeper ought to be familiar with the facts given in this book. If you have not this book you ought to get it at once. Nowhere else can you get so much in such convenient form. 390 pages, handsomely bound; price $1.00. Address, Pacific Press, 43 Bond Street, New York. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " " - - - 80c 4 t 100 to 249 " " " " - - 75c A< 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 700 i‚ 500 to 999 " " " " - - 65c " 1000 or more " " " "- - 60c To foreign countries in. Postal Union, - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City. 