VEBRUARY ing, clothing, and guarding the convicts, and also the expense incident to sickness. These three companies are the Dade Coal Company, Penitentiary Company No. 2, and Penitentiary Company No. 3. The Chattahoochee Brick Company also owns fifty per cent. of the stock of Company No. 2, and thirty-one and a quarter per cent. of the stock of Company No. 3. According to this article it would seem that the convicts are worked at the Dade Coal and Iron mines, and in making brick for the Chattahoochee Brick Company. But there being a glut in the brick mar-ket, and the law requiring the convicts to be kept at work, other means were taken t keep them employed, and they have been sublet to numerous individuals and corporations for different kinds of work. Some of these ventures have -)roved fail-ures, entailing large losses on the original companies, while they are still bound to feed, clothe, guard, and provide medical treatment for their charge. This contract runs until 1899, and as they claim to be making continual losses, it cannot be ex-pected that they will undertake any ex- pense for food, clothing and medical care which they can avoid. It would seem that this system of letting and subletting, to-gether with the present financial condition of those having control of them, would make the life and death of the Georgia convicts a matter of great uncertainty. The chain-gang and the stockade, with their accessories of bloodhounds and armed guards, and overseers vested with large authority, do not seem to be in themselves the highest development of penal methods; but when the law subjects Christian men to the possibility of all this ignominy and hardship, what can be said of the law ? and is it possible that the eyes of those who are called upon to enforce such a law will not be opened to its character ? But even this is not all the possibilities of this law. Section 4821 of the code treats of insurrection, and says :Š Whenever any convict or convicts now confined or hereafter to be confined, in the penitentiary of this State, or member or members of the chain-gang now confined, or hereafter to be confined in the peniten-tiary of this State, or wherever else employed as such, shall be guilty of insurrection or attempt at insurrec-tion, such convict or convicts or member or members of the chain-gang shall, upon trial and conviction in the Supreme Court of the county in which the crime is committed, be deemed guilty of a capital offense, and punished with death, or such other punishment as the judge, in his discretion, may inflict. What :is the meaning of this word "insurrection," as used here, in which one man or many may be engaged ? Does it mean insubordination, refusal to obey orders ? In that case what under this law may be the fate of Christian men like these now about to be put in jeopardy, when they refuse to work in the chain-gang on the " seventh day which is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God " ? It is well that these things be thought of in time by those who are to assume the re-sponsibility of them. But still the code carries this one point farther yet:Š Section 4582. Fines for violation of the Sabbath.* All moneys arising from fines imposed for offenses, the gist of which consists in their being committed on the Sabbath day, shall be paid. to the ordinary of the county, to be by him distributed for the purpose of establishing and promoting Sabbath* schools in the county. No language within the bounds of com-mon restraint of expression can justly characterize the inconsistency, the reli- *The Supreme Court of Georgia has held the first day of the week to be the Sabbath hi that State. gious fallacy, in this statute. Can it be that these strange survivals of mediaeval error are still to remain, be cherished and enforced, as public evidence of the alle-giance of the body politic to Deity ? What Deity requires such service as this, from such a source ? W. H. M. Ł Tending Romeward. [This item which appeared in the World of the 5th inst., as a dispatch from Quincy, Ill., under date of February 4, needs no comment. It indicates very clearly the growing tendency in certain quarters to ape Rome.] FATHER HUNTINGTON, of New York, came here two weeks ago to conduct a mission, which closed to-day. He claims the Episcopal Church is the true Catholic ChurchŠthe American Catholic ChurchŠand seems to think that the confessional is necessary. He does not exact compul-sory confession, but he commends and ad-vises it and himself assumes the functions of a priest as the mediator between the sinner and his Saviour. So far only ladies have attended the confessional, and these have usually been young ones. The introduction of the confessional has caused no little consternation among the Episcopalians. " If we are to go over to Romanism, I believe in doing it at once and being frank about it," said a member of the church. " We can get a monk from Vine Street at a moment's notice who carries a stouter flagellation cord than Father Huntington ever dare to wear. Our Catholic friends are glad to welcome us, doubtless, but if we are to be with them I want at least the credit of going frankly and fairly to them and acknowl- edging that they are wholly right and we are partly wrong. I am satisfied we are in danger, and I am afraid it will not wholly subside when our missionary friends have gone." A young married woman remarked : " I think it is perfectly right that we should tell our troubles and naughty deeds to some one who can sym-pathize with us and extend spiritual con-solation. I know when we do wrong we feel better when we tell some one about it." Churches Getting Together. [Under the heading, "Federating the Churches," we made some mention last week of this movement. This is simply another chapter in its history as given by the State Republican, Lansing, Mich., February 3. We have added in brackets after the names the denom-ination to which the several gentlemen belong.] THE preliminary meeting of the federate council of the churches of the city of Lansing was held last evening at St. Paul's parish rooms, and was greatly successful. A large number of the churches were rep-resented by clerical and lay delegates. Rev. W. H. Osborne [Episcopal], under whose influence the plan originated, called the assembly to order and stated the ob-ject of the meeting. A plan of organiza-tion was then presented and adopted sim-ilar to that which had been originally formulated by its promoter with the addi-tion of several new articles. Under this constitution the council elected Rev. W. H. Osborne, president, and Justice P. H. Dolan [Catholic], secretary and treasurer for one year. A committee was elected, consisting of the president, Revs. C. H. Beale [Congre-gationalist], H. S. Jordan [Presbyterian], Father Slattery [Catholic priest], and Jus-tice Grant of the supreme bench, to pro-vide a scheme of operation and plan of  action. The committee will report, at the next meeting, which will be held on the first Friday in March, at 8 o'clock P. in St. Paul's parish rooms. The primary object of the council, as has been previously stated in these col-umns, is to apply the principles of Chris-tianity to the entire life of the city; not an interference with affairs, but an appli-cation of all that is best to the things of daily routine. It is a plan to apply the principles of Christianity to the corporate life of the city, its industries, its politics, its amusements, its everything. Every church will have an equal repre-sentation, no matter what difference there may be in regard to the size or member-ship. The delegates from each church will consist of one clerical and two lay. There are some seventeen churches in the city, and should all be represented in the federate council it would make a body of fifty-one persons. Such a body of repre-sentative men from the various churches, laying aside the little differences in reli-gious beliefs, and coming together for de-liberation on the relation of the church to passing civic events, cannot but wield a great power. "Church Unity,"ŠA Sign of the Times. DR. LYMAN BEECHER is quoted as say-ing : " There is a state of society to be formed by an extensive combination of institutions, religious, civil, and literary, which never exists without the coopera-tion of an educated ministry." Charles Beecher once said Thus are the ministry of the evangelical Protestant denominations not only formed all the way up under a tremendous pressure of merely human fear, but they live, and move, and breathe, in a state of things radically corrupt, and appealing every hour to every baser element in their nature to hush up the truth and bow the knee to the power of apostasy. Was not this the way things went in Rome ? Are we not living her life over again? And what do we see just ahead ? Another general council! A world's contention! Evan-gelical Alliance, and a universal creed. These words were written many years ago, though perhaps not from a prophetic standpoint, but reasoning from cause to effect. The Beechers saw that we were about to live over again the life of Rome; and why ? because the " ministry " were living under "a tremendous pressure" of "human fear," bowing the "knee to the power of apostasy." And what have we seen since these words were spoken ? A " general council," " an Evangelical Alli- ance," a " world's convention " in Chicago in 1893; and all we wait for is a "uni-versal creed." It will not be long before we have this at the rate things are now moving. In reporting a meeting of the " Church- man's Club," held in Providence, R. I., Dec. 21, 1893, the Daily Bulletin, of the same city, Dec. 22, gives the following noticeable heading:Š Christian Unity.ŠLast Night's Meeting of Church-man's Club a Notable Event.ŠBishop John J. Keane [of the Catholic University at Washington], the guest of the Evening.ŠAn Eloquent Exposition of the Tenets of the Roman Catholic FaithŠAddresses by Dr. Brown, of the Union Theological Seminary, [Pres-byterian], and Dr. Anderson, of Providence, R. I., Pastor of the Central Baptist Church. It is a " notable event," as the paper states, when " high dignitaries of such differing creeds as the Roman Catholic, Baptist and Presbyterian" come together to discuss " Christian unity," and that upon a Catholic basis and led by a Cath-olic bishop who talks to them over an hour, " holding the attention of the club 