AMERICAN SENTINEL. 85 LINCOLN SPEAKING AT GALESBURG, ILL. " Let us see what influence he [Judge Douglas] is ex-erting on public sentiment. In this and like communities, public sentiment is everything. With public sentiment, nothing can fail; without it nothing can succeed. Con-sequently, he who moulds public sentiment, goes deeper than he who enacts statutes or pronounces decisions. He makes statutes and decisions possible or impossible to be executed. "This must be borne in mind, as also the additional fact that Judge Douglas is a man of vast influence, so great that it is enough for many men to profess to be- lieve anything, when they once find out that Judge Douglas professes to believe it. Consider also the attitude he occupies at the head.of a large party,Ša party which he claims has a majority of all the voters in the country. "This man sticks to a decision . . not because he says it is right in itself,Šhe does not give any opinion on that,'-.-Tbut because it has been decided by the court; and being decided by the court, he is, and you are, bound to take it in your political action as law, not that he judges at all of its merits, but because a decision of the court is to him a Thus saith the Lord.' " He places it on that ground alone;'and you will bear in mind that thus committing himself unreservedly to this decision commits him to the next one just as firmly as to this. He did not commit himself on account of the merit or demerit of the decision, but it is a `Thus saith the Lord.' The next decision, as much as this, will" be a Thus saith the Lord.' There is nothing that can divert or turn him away from this decision. It is nothing that I point out to him that his great prototype, General Jackson, did not be-lieve in the binding force of decisions. 'It is nothing to him that Jefferson did not so believe. "I have said that I have often heard him ap-prove of Jackson's course in disregarding the decis-ion of the Supreme Court pronouncing a National Bank constitutional. He says, I did not hear him say so. He denies the ac-curacy of my recollection. I say he ought to know better than I, but I will make no question about this thing, though it still seems to me that I heard him say it twenty times. "I will tell him, though, that he now claims to stand on the Cincinnati platform, which affirms that Congress cannot charter a National Bank, in the teeth of that old standing decision that Congress can charter a bank." LINCOLN AT GALESBURG, ILL. The next place at' which the subject of the nature of Supreme Court decisions was disculssed was Galesburg, October 1, 1858. .There, on this point, Lincoln spoke as follows :Š [From McClure's Magazine.] "I have turned his [Judge Douglas's] atten-tion to the fact that*General Jackson differed with him in regard to the political obligation of a Supreme Court decision. I have asked his attention to the fact that Jefferson differed with him in regard to the political ob-ligation of a Supreme Court decision. "Jefferson said that Judges are as honest as other men, and not more so.' And he said, substantially, that whenever a free people should give up in absolute sub-mission to any department of government, retaining for themselves no appeal from it, their liberties'Were gone.' "I have asked his attention to the fact that the Gin- 