AMERICAN-  SENTINEL. 587 This is a terrible truth, and none can deny it. Slowly yet surely the chasm separating Protestant-ism from Catholicism is being bridged over; soon they will have joined hands; soon they will in heart have be-come one with the papacy, with the papacy the one. Already the messenger of Rev. 18:1 has descended to lighten the earth with his glory; the time is at hand for the cry to go forth with mighty power: "Babylon the great is fallen," etc., and with it the cry "Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues." Rev. 18:2, 4. Good Lutheran Testimony. A LATE issue of the Lutheran Witness contains the following as voicing the Lutheran sentiment in this coun-try on the subject of the fad of patriotic(?) religious ex-ercises in the public schools:Š "We heartily agree with Fr. M. in Lehre and Wehre, who, speaking of the unconstitutional religious exercises still perpetrated in our public schools, utters this Chris-tian and patriotic warning: 'Would that we on our part, each in his respective environment, would not neglect to keep ourselves informed, whether all religious exercises are really barred out from the state school. The law is entirely on our side. Let no one act according to the principle: What is not my business, I shall not meddle with. No, here the maxim applies: `Obsta principiis!' (Resist an evil in the beginning!) By the way, the Luth-eran Witness is in position to show authentic evidence that the movement against the religious state school is not at all confined to the 'foreign element' in the Luth-eran and Roman churches of this country. In one of our next issues we shall submit material on this matter, which will fully bear out this claim. Meanwhile, let us resist, earnestly and persistently, the encroachments of American church people upon the religious liberty of the country. For it is mostly our native born and bred American Christians who cause the present disturbance of the non-religious status of our public schools. More-over, English Lutherans will find that this question of admitting religious exercises into the public school con-cerns them more vitally than their German or Scandina-vian brethren." Taos. H. MooRE, of Onawa, Iowa, in renewing his subscription, says, "I soldiered for threeyears, so I know the value of a good sentinel." Ł 4a "Nor wishing to be without the paper, I herewith re-mit $1 as payment for the coming year. The SENTINEL is valued by me more highly than any other paper I know of, being as I believe what its name indicates,Ša true SENTINEL." Yours truly, Chicago Heights, Ill. 0. J. SCOTT. Dismemberment of the Spanish Empire. From "Patria," New York organ of the Cuban Revolutionists. WHEN Philip II. began to reign, Spain was the most powerful nation in the world. So vast were her posses-sions in Europe, Asia, Africa, and America, that "the sun never set on her dominions;" but with the beginning of the decadence, before his death and in the first years of the reign of his immediate successor, nearly all her possessions in North Africa, Burgundy, Naples, Sicily, and Milan were lost. In modern times her losses have been as follows:- 1628, Malacca, Ceylon, Java. 1640, Portugal. 1648, Officially renounced her rights over Holland. 1649, A number of strong fortresses in the Nether- lands. 1659, Roussillon and Sardinia. 1648-1713, Flanders. 1697, Island of Hayti, except Santo Domingo. 1704, Gibraltar. 1795, Santo Domingo. 1797, Trinidad. 1800, Louisiana. 1819, Florida. 1820-21, Mexico, Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, Chile, Argentina, Uruguay, Par- aguay, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, San Salvador, etc. 1898, Cuba, Porto Rico, Philippines, Marianas or Ladrone Islands. What will remain for her to lose in the twentieth cen- tury? Perhaps the home country. 4- -4 The Cigarette Menace to Youth. " New York Journal." LITTLE Jacob Strauss, of Paterson, might share with other American boys a chance for that success in the world which hard work and good habits will win. In-stead he lies in a hospital, broken in nervous and physi-cal health, wrecked at fourteen years of age by the use of cigarettes. The State guards minors in many ways. They may not mortgage their future by incurring debts. Design-ing men cannot take advantage of their youth and inex-perience to lure them into contracts which may be harm-ful to them. Liquor cannot be sold to them lawfully. But the insidious and poisonous cigarette can be put in the hands of a child as often as a conscienceless man finds it to his profit to do it. The State should guard the children against this evil. It should supplement the tender care of parents. It should make criminal the selling of cigarettes to minors, and enforce the law. 