2 THE AMBRICA.N SENTINEL. said : "It creeps into our homes on Sunday. It can be put into the pocket, and taken into the parlor, and read." Then he named the matter with which he 'says the Sunday, papers is filled, " crime, scandal, gossip, news, and politics," and said : "What a melange 1 what a dish to be set down before a man before breakfast and after breakfast to prepare him for hearing the wad of God. It makes it twice as hard to reach those who go to the sanctu-ary, and it keeps many away from the house of worship altogether. They read the paper, the time comes to go to church, but it is said, Here is something interesting I will- read it and not go to church to-day." He then spoke of the Inter-Ocean special Sunday news train, And how the people would flock to the station to see the train, and said : " In the Sabbath lull from politics, business, etc., the people would go to church were it not for the attrac-tion of the Inter-Ocean special train." And then he exclaimed, "Oh, for the breath of the Puritan 1 Oh, for a little of the Puritan Sabbath ! " Dr. John Hall followed this in a five min-utes' speech, in which he emphasized one of Dr,. Johnson's statements thus : " If the fam-ily make the Sunday paper a study, it will be difficult for 'them to get to the house of wor-ship, and when there it will be harder for them to get the word of God. There is noth-ing better to mar worship and deaden the mind to the worship of God. And it is this sensationalism that makes up the Attractions of the Sunday pape;." All these statements and arguments plainly show that the secret and real object of the whole Sunday-law movement is to get the people to go to church. The Sunday train must be stopped, because the church-members ride on them and don't go to church enough. The Sunday paper must be abolished, because the people read it instead of going to church, and because those who read it and go to church too are not so well prepared to receive the preaching. But is it right for the church authorities to wield the civil power in the interests of the church? Is that a legitimate exercise of the functions of civil government? If it is, why should they stop with this? Will they stop with this? Ł They will. not;  This is only the first step in an unlimited course of legislation in the interests of the churches and at the expense of everybody else. If these men are allowed to take the first step, they will be sure to take all the others that they want. And how much more will satisfy them? Doctor Post seedis to have given a pretty good idea of this. His address was upon " Sabbath Recreation.0 It was an effort to, define what is proper recreation on Sunday. And after a good, deal of discussion, and what he said was a careful study of the literature and his-tory of the subject, he laid down as the sound principle the following :Š " There is no kind of recreation that is proper or profitable on Sunday outside of the home or the sanctuary." Only let such laws be enacted as are de-manded by National Reformers, laws for- bidding any recreation "to the disturbance of others" on Sunday, then anything done on Sunday outside of the home or the sanctuary, in the neighborhood of this preacher, will dis-turb him, and whoever does it will be pros-ecuted. Dr. Herrick Johnson cried for a breath of the Puritan ; it seems that Doctor Post is fully disposed to give it to him. Doctor Everts said: " The Sabbath is the test whether a man believes in God or not. It is atheism or the Sabbath." And the secretary in his report said: "The Sabbath is the di-viding line between Christianity and heathen-ism." According to these propositions, therefore, to compel men to observe the Sabbath is to compel them to accept Christianity and to serve God. But such service is not the serv-ice of God, and such recognition of Chris-tianity is not a recognition of Christianity at all. The influences in favor of the National Sunday law reported in this Convention are the following:- 1. More than 50,000 blank petitions have been sent out to be signed. 2. The Society of Friends, of Iowa, number-ing 10,500 people, has indorsed the petitions and the work. 3. The Society of Friends in Indiana, num-bering 20,000 members, has done the same. 4. Ministers and churches in forty States and Territories have indorsed the petitions. 5. May 21 Senator Blair introduced a bill into the U. S. Senate providing a National Sunday law. 6. Petitions were sent to Canada, and Sir John Macdonald replied that they had intro-duced the matter into the Canadian Parlia-ment. 7. The Methodist General Conference, two Presbyterian General Assemblies, and one Baptist Association, have all appointed com-mittees for the organization of a National Sunday Union. 8. October 18 the Brotherhood of Locomo-tive Engineers, " with much enthusiasm and with great applause," indorsed the petition in favor of the Blair Sunday Bill..  9. November 16 the Knights of Labor gen-eral Convention also-indorsed it, and this ac-tion, said Doctor Crafts, carried the petitioners beyond the five million line. With all this array in its favor, it is no wonder that Doctor Crafts reported that there is good prospect for the passage of the bill. Dr. Crafts said: "The labor unions and the churches were never before united. If the labor unions alone can get what they want, and if the churches alone can get what they want, how much more, and more easily, can this be accomplished when all these are united together." The petitions are still being circulated and signed by the thousands. If that bill shall pass, that will show that this nation is ready and willing to commit itself to an unlimited course of religious legislation, and which can end only in the destruction of that liberty, both civil and religious, which has been our heritage for a hundred years. Are our read- ers ready to give their influence, either by signing these petitions or otherwise, to such work? Are our readers not rather ready to sign petitions everywhere praying the Na-tional Legislatire to let religion and religions observances forever alone? A. T. .J. Principles, Not Parties. FROM a gentleman in the State of New York, a Minister of the gospel, we have received a letter inquiring into the political affiliations of the AMERICAN SENTINEL. The letter is too long to be published entire, but we will give .enough of it so that the reader may have a good idea of its contents. After stating that in his section the extra SENTINEL was circu-lated by Republicans, as campaign literature against the Prohibition party, he says :Š " With the SENTINEL, I am uncompromisingly opt posed to anything tending toward union of Church and State 'either in name or in' fact. My pen and voice have been and still will be against it. I have recently lectured against the encroachments of Rome; and opposed also the legislation that fined and im-prisoned your people for quietly and lawfully work-ing on Sunday. " But your articles in the SENTINEL, as far as I have been able to see, would lead one to infer that you are not a  ,alarmed in regard to Republicans, and their attitude on the Sunday question, but are fully awake to the tendency of Prohibitionists to link in the,  question with that of temperance. . . . "Dr. Carroll, editor of the N. Y. Independent, in a speech in-favor of his party (ang-saloon Republican), declared that all legislation for the better observance; of Sunday had come from the Republican party, and intimated that such would be the case in the future.' In your article against such legislation, you say much about Senator Blair's bill, styling him a Prohibition-ist, eta. "Senator Blair is a staunch Republican, sent to the Senate by Republicans. His hope of passing his bills, and securing Sunday legislation, is in the atti-tude of a Republican Congress. From a Republican Congress and a Republican President, he hopes to se-cure what you and I denounce as a menace to relig-ious liberty. He has no hopes of doing this inside of any other party, for he does not believe a third party; can obtain control of the Government. Republicans' in Congress are working together to secure legislation in the interests of Rome. Protestant Republicans are the men who to-day are the greatest plotters against religious freedom. Why, then, are you so much against Prohibitionists, but fail to say much, if anything, against the Republican party, to which Carroll, Blair, and company look for future Sunday legislation ?" We have quoted the principal part of the letter. From a perusal of the whole, it seems1 to us that our brother is moved quite as much by hatred of the Republican party as I by desire to see justice done to the Prohibi-tion party. As for the SENTINEL, we can say with truth that it is strictly non-partisan. It deals only with principles, and with facts as they illustrate or stand in opposition to those principles. And here we will say that the greatest fault that we have seen in the Prohibi-tion party is the intense,- bitter, and almost unreasoning partisan spirit manifested by its leaders. In the late campaign we listened to several speeches by prominent Prohibitionists, and their whole animus seemed to be hatred of the two old parties. The Prohibition jour-nals were the same. Their whole campaign stock seemed to be vituperation and abuse of Republicans and Democrats. We are no apol-ogist for either of the old parties, and are not claiming that much that was Isaid against them was not true; but such political meth-ods seem to us decidedly out of place in a party which professes to be the party of moral ideas. 