is all right to shave people the nature of Christianity. Five hundred people personally so-licited and were instrumental in secur-ing subscriptions for the AMERICAN SENTINEL during our special offer last August. These subscriptions ex- 3 pire with the first week of the New Year. a This is a personal note from the pub- lishers to each one of the five hundred, kindly inviting him during the next a two weeks to solicit the renewal of all subscriptions he was instrumental in sending us. We have no inducement to offer except the consciousness of having helped to disseminate principles of truth that are of eternal consequence to every man, woman, and child of this land. Will YOU accept the invitation? AMERICAN SENTINEL. 77"/ taking care of them-after conviction? Is the country so free from murder, burglary, arson, robbery, assault, etc., that the force of the machinery of justice can be profita-bly expended in dealing with acts which reason and com-mon sense cannot recognize as criminal at all? And have the people such a surplus of money that they can afford to expend it to no purpose? These are questions for the people to consider. WE spoke of the anomalies of -the Sunday law. It might be well to mention some of them, as exemplified in this city. The case we have referred to illustrates some Ł of them. It is all right to sell tobacco on Sunday, but a crime to sell clothing. Up to 10 o'clock, A. M., it is all right to sell groceries; but by virtue of the clock's strik-ing that hour, it immediately and without further cere-. mony becomes a crime! It up to the hour of 1 o'clock, P. tii., but by reason of the sun's position in the hea-venS being such as to in-dicate that this hour has passed, the barber's pro-fession becomes a crime dangerous to civilization! It is a crime to sell ice on a hot Sunday in summer, but all right to sell cigars, the latter being recognized by the law as one of the ne-cessities of life! What else can be expected, under such a code, than that police-men, judges, and people in general, will get into confu-sion not only as regards the requirements of the law itself but as regards the es-sentials of justice and good government as well? A law must embody reason and justice; otherwise it can work only harm to every interest of the people. Compelled to Attend Religious Services. THE Kansas City World reports that Marshal Chiles, who is in charge of the jail of Jackson County, Mo., has made an order compelling all the inmates of the jail to attend religious services on Sunday. And this, it ap-pears, is part of an arrangement made with a religious league for giving the prisoners religious instruction; it being the part of the league to provide the instruction, and of the marshal to provide the audience. As might have been anticipated, the plan does not work perfectly. One of the prisoners is quoted as saying to a World re-porter:Š "These people don't understand us. They come and  talk right at us and only harden us. Some of the pris-oners are Catholics and some of the workers are strong A. P. A.'s, who never lose an opportunity to insult the Catholic belief." Those who refuse to attend religious services, the re-port says, are deprived of food until they change their minds; which means, of course, until they so far lose what little regard for truth and honesty they have left that they will say they have changed their minds, when in reality there has been no change of mind at all. For any person knows that an individual cannot be made any more desirous of attending religious services by being starved. The prisoner is right. It is a case of misunderstand-ing, on the part of both the marshal and the teachers of religion,Ša misunderstanding of human nature and of Christianity is free; and free-dom being the very essence of itS nature, it is evident thatit must lose its force entirely when it is brought to people under compul-sion. The prisoners can be touched by its freedom; but force' can only repel them farther from it. 011a- a - - Plans for a Great Cath-olic Crusade. As outlined in the Free-man's -Journal, of Novem-ber 27, a project is begin-ning to take shape in the minds of papal leaders for Ł a great Catholic crusade which shall mark the close of the nineteenth century in a mannerŁ calculated to-turn all eyes upon that church. Of this purpose the Freeman's Journal says:Š "The Right Rev. Charles E. McDonnell. D. D., Bishop of Brooklyn, has directed his clergy to abstain from the giving of missions in their several churches during the whole course of the year 1898. With the close of the coming December, therefore, these occasional periods of special interest in religious affairs, analogous in many ways to the so-called revival services in Protestant churches, in the administration of Catholic parishes, will be abandoned for a twelvemonth in the diocese of Brooklyn. "So far as is known, no similar action has ever been taken by any Catholic bishop in this country, but Bishop McDonnell and his board of consulters determined upon this course at a recent meeting, in order that they might better prepare for a great spiritual awakening among their people in the year 1899, the last of the century, when the cause of religion will be presented from their 