780 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The Great and Terrible Beast. "Now, mama, we have come to the most interesting of all the beasts in this chapter," said Charlie, as he rus-tled the leaves of his Bible. "Read the description the prophet gives of it, Charlie," said Mrs. Ross. " After this I saw in the night visions, and behold a fourth beast, dreadful and terrible, and strong exceed-ingly; and it had great iron teeth: it devoured and brake in pieces, and stamped the residue with the feet of it : and it was diverse from all the beasts that were before it, and it had ten horns.' "Whew!" exclaimed Charlie. "I never heard of any beast in nature like that, did you, mama?" "No, dear, no beast God has made has ever been so perverted from its original nature. But this beast is a symbol of the fourth kingdom." "0 yes. I had almost forgotten that, and was think-ing of it as a part of some terrible m'enagerie." "Then it would be a good thing for you to refresh your memory, and read the explanation of this strange symbol in the 23d verse of the 7th of Daniel." Charlie read : " 'The fourth beast shall be the fourth kingdom upon earth, which shall be diverse from all king-doms, and shall devour the whole earth, and shall tread it down and break it in pieces."' "You spoke of the beast as being worse in character than any beast in nature; but you see, dear, that the beast is used as a symbol of a government unlike any-thing that God ordained. One could see that by the re-sults of its sway, because, instead of building up, of pro-tecting, or nourishing its subjects, it broke the earth in pieces, and stamped the residue with the feet of it. 0 Charlie, in this government we find something that is utterly foreign to the nature and object of the govern-ment ordained of God; for it is a representation of the selfish and satanic." "Well, mama, it 'pears to me that we've been seeing that in every government we have studied," said Charlie roguishly. "Yes, that's so. But while others were like a grow-ing tree, this is the tree matured and in full fruitage. In this government Satan seemed to have been permitted to a greater extent than in any other, to exemplify his meth-ods and character." "Mama,,it seems strange to me that God permitted him to work out such dreadful results." "It used to seem strange to me, Charlie; but now I see the reason of it, and it seems a wise and wonderful thing." "Why, mama?" "Because this world is a stage upon which the drama of good and evil is being played by heavenly and hellish actors in the sight of an investigating universe, and the principles of God's method of government are on trial, and placed in contrast with those of Satan. Satan claimed in heaven that God was wrong, that the law of love was  bondage, that each soul by right should be as God in po-sition and power, that self-life, self-government, was better than love's life and love's government." "Well, mama, I should think by this time the angels Would be anxious to have the play come to an end." "They are, dearie, and it soon will end.,:' "0 mama, do you really think so?" "Yes; but we will talk of that another time. We are forgetting about the beast. Now, Charlie, tell me what was the fourth kingdom upon the earth." "Rome," said Charlie, striking an attitude and branch-ing off into "Sparta cus to the Gladiators," and gesturing wildly. "Yes, the gladiatorial shows were a part of, the fear-ful atrocities of Rome. Here is one of Dore's famous pic-tures, representing the amphitheater after a day of blood and death. You may see the bodies of the martyrs strewn on the stones." "How calm it looks !" said Charlie. "See those lions prowling round, ready to eat up the corpses." "Yes, but look at the holy stars and the angels that watch the scene." "0 mama, do you suppose that these poor men knew that God loved them, and that they did not die in vain?" "It may be, dearie. Here is another picture of the amphitheater when all the aristocracy of Rome watched the conflict of the gladiators." "0 mama, did women go there?" "Yes." "What are they holding their thumbs down for?" "It was a sign that no mercy was to be exercised by the victorious gladiator. You see he has his opponent down, and is looking up, hoping that they will let him spare his life, but you see every thumb is down." "0, how horrible!" said Charlie. "Yes, but this was only a small part of Rome's cruel-ties. Gibbon calls it 'The Iron Monarchy,' and says, `it was impossible to fly, and fatal to resist.' All roads lead to Rome,' was a saying that arose because Rome had subdued the earth. You have read of Ceesail's wars in your Latin' lessons, and know how he brought speci-mens of the nations he conquered to Rome, chained to his chariot wheels." "Yes, mama, I was thinking the other day of an,ova-tion they gave Csar, when they honored him as'a god, and I wondered if in the shouts of praise he remembered the groans of the slaughtered, the cries of widow and fatherless, or thought of the horribe battlefields where lay the dying and the dead. 0, I am so glad I wasn't Cmsar." "So am I, Charlie; for then I should not have trad you." "Caesar's insatiable ambition tells the whole story of Rome. It was first power, then pride, prejudice, and perdition. There are some "Vs" for you to remember and profit by. There is another name in Roman history that stands for cruelty even more than Cwsar's; do you know who 'I mean?" 