354 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Christ, only, look upon that sermon as a human production, while other Christian denominations accept its every word as the infallible teaching of infinite wisdom; so that the teacher cannot under-take to tell his pupil in the public school, after reading to him that sermon, whether he is to ac-cept it as the word of God or only as the word of, a man, Without invading the realms of denomina_ fiend). 'teaching. And all Will admit that there is an infinite difference between the weight to be at-tached to-the language of an all-wise God and even the wisest utterances of a mere man when giving expression to the deductions of his own finite and feeble reason. There are many passages in that sernsni 1 which are very differently construed by people of different religious denominations. For example, it is there said, " Ye have heard that it was said to them of old, Thou shalt not forswear thyself, but shall perform unto the Lord thine oaths ; but I say unto you, swear not at all." This passage is by many very conscientious peoiile inter. preted as prohibiting the taking of an oath as a witness or :otherwise, and hence they never swear, even in our courts of justice, but affirm. " Again," says the same writer, " Chris-tians of some denominations interpret the Sermon on the Mount as authorizing the absolute dissolution, by divorce, of the valid bonds of matrimony for certain causes, so as to, allow one of the divorced parties to marry again during the life of the other, while other Christians maintain that all such second marriages during the lives of both the divorced parties are, morally speaking, invalid and wrong." These examples might be, multiplied al-most indefinitely, but it is quite unneces-sary; the fact is that there is no such thing as "unsectarian teaching of relig-ion "- possible. Even the most elementary truths of the Christian religion cannot be taught without teaching things which are sectarian as between different bodies of professed Christians to say nothing of the beliefs of those who are not Ohristians, but whose rights are just as sacred, and to be just as jealously guarded by the State, as are the rights of Christians. The State is composed of people of all religions and of no religion. The public schools, are supported by a tax levied upon all property alike, and it is but ,just that it should be expended in a manner ap-proved by all, or that, at least;  men should not be ,compelled to indirectly contribute to the support and propagation of religious tenets which they do not believe, by being taxed for the support of schools in which religion is taught. C. P. B. THE Christian Union, an influential journal,. would like to see the Bible used in the public schools simply as a text book of literature and history, but adds that " if our Catholic, Jewish or Agnostic brethren object to opening schools with acts of. worship, such worship should in our judgment be discontinued." We ogin speak in behalf of. Jewish-American;piti-zens who, without exception, are unalter-ably opposed to teaching sectarian doctrines of any kind in our public schools. We are for an absolute divorce of Church and State in every sense of the term.ŠJewi.sh Times and Observer. "Juiit AS ihe thfneee:7 THE following paragraph is -from a re-cent editorial in the Mail and P4ress, of this city, whose' editor and proprietor is President of the American Sabbath Union. It reflects the intelerance of the man, and, indirectly,, of the organization at whose head he stands Let Mormons be prevented from entering our country, just as are the Chinese, and for the same reason, that they are heathen. The Mormons wor-ship Adam as God, they have laid our Lord Jesus Christ on the shelf, they have lords many and gods many, they sing praises to Joseph Smith in Chris-tian songs stolen from Our hymn books, substituting Smith's name for Christ's; they blaspheme the true God. Thus the main reason that reconciled the Christian sentiment of this country to the exclusion of the Chinese, that they are heathen, should also operate to secure from Congress a law to prohibit the importation of Mormons. Then the miserable " elders " and Ł ' bishopS " and " high priests " of Joe Smith, Bacchus, and Lewdness could not arrive here with harems of Scandinavians or other deluded foreigners. We earnestly.commend this suggestion to the powerful support of Mormon-preventing Sen-ator Edmunds, of Vermont. In our opinion Mormonism is very far from the truth; and we have spoken in no uncertain tones on the question of the suppression of polygamy; but we dissent from the proposition to exclude any man from.  this country on account of-his relig-ion. The Mormon has no right to practice polygamy, and the Government has a per-fect right to demand that he shall obey the marriage laws of the country; but with the " worship of Adam," and their " praise to Joseph Smith in Christian songs stolen from our hymn books," the Govern-Ment can have nothing whatever to do, any more than it can with the Roman Catholic worship of the Virgin M8,0. Dishonorable and Dangerous, IN 1784 a bill was introduced into the General Assembly of the State of Virginia, entitled, "A bill establishing a provision for the teachers of the Christian religion." About a century, later, in 1889, Senator Blair introduced into the Senate of the United StateS a joint resolution propoSing an amendment to the national' Constitution establishing a provision for the teaching of the principles of the ChristiciO, religion. The 'former, if passed, as Madison said, would have been "a dangerous abuse of power."* Is the latter any less So ? The former, Madison wrote to Jefferson, was "chiefly obnoxious on account of its dis-honorable principle and dangerous pol-icy." * This is equally true of the latter. The former was defeated because it was an infringement of our religious equalitY and thus subversive of American princi-ples. The 'latter, with slight modifications, is re-introduded into Congres,s from year to year, and is now before the American people. The similarity of the principles 'under- * Quoted in "American State Papers," (1890), page 97, et seq. lying the two bills and the objects sought to be accomplished, bring them both under the same condemnation. ,There is one point in comparing them, however, that is in favor Of the Virginia bill; it allowed -the tax to -be paid to whatever society the individnal taxed might ,desire; or, if he did not desire it to go to any it would " be applied to the -maintenance of a school in the country."f The Blair educational 'amendment makes no such liberal pro-vision; but the taxes' of the Jew, 1VIahom-medan, Infidel and Atheist, are all to be used to teach the "unsectarian principles of Christianity," and if people do not want their children taught what the Govern-ment says is Christianity, they can suffer the consequences. And there is no telling how severe the consequences will be, for these very same persons at the same time are intending to pass compulsory educa-tional laws that will compel everybody to attend cp school, be taught the Christian re-ligion, and, what 'is more, pay for it out of the public treasury ! It is thus evident that the former bill was more liberal, more nearly just, and far less extensive in its consequences, than is the latter. Both make provision for the use of money raised by the Government for the propagation of the Christian religionŠthe religion of the dominant cult. Both virtu-ally say that the religious rights of the minority need not be respected by the majority. Both try to avoid opposition by making certain concessions ;Šthe former by allowing each person to name the religious teacher to which his money is to go, and the latter by providing that the "unsectarian principles of Christianity" shall be taught (although the truth is, there is not a single unsectarian principle in the whole system of belief peculiar to Christians). Both violate the principles of religious equality by favoring Christianity above all other religions. The Virginia bill, Madison says, was supported "by "many petitions ;" so is the Blair edu-cational amendment. The former was favored by certain sects and clergy; so is the latter. Some denominations are put,-ting forth all the energy at their command to crowd petitions onto Congress for the passage of this and other religious meas-ures. The Virginia bill was defeated only by the untiring efforts of Madison, Colonel Nicholas;  Colonel George Mason (drafter of the Virginia DeclaratiOns of Rights), and Jefferson, who labored faithfully dur-ing the year 1785 to circulate their adverse "Memorial and Remonstrance." In that memorial written by the future "Father_ of the Constitution," are stated the true principles of the American politi-cal system; and in that memorial we find the true interpretation of American insti-tutions as established by the great states-men of the eighteenth century. Those were the principles that' were incorporated - Quoted in "AmerietPi State Papers," (1890), page 27, el gel, 