112 SIMINTrEINMIA VOL. 11, No. 14. NEW YORK, APRIL 2, 1896.' °I '4,, 1? one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without ha ; dered it may know that it is sent to him by some frier. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. GOD ordained civil government but not despotism. INJUSTICE is always a far greater evil to its perpetrators than to its victims. MANITOBA refuses to yield to the de-mand of the Roman Catholics for separate schools. CHRISTIANITY is not socialism. Socialism says, What's yours, is mine; Christianity says, What's mine, is yours. THE victims of oppression for conscience' sake, like the three Hebrew worthies of old, always meet their Lord in the fiery trial. CIVIL government is ordained of God and may be used by the children of God, but only for the purposes for which it was ordained. LET us beware against being,---led by the blinding but transient brilliancy of personal-ity, rather than by the steady light of prin-ciple. IT is to be hoped that the attempt to extend to the farmers the so-called Lord's day act of the Province of Ontario_ will not succeed. There is already ton much " law " concerning Sunday. JESUS CHRIST was put to death as a crim-inal because his teaching and example were contrary to the traditions of the Jews; and his followers are confined as criminals by the Pharisees of this day because their teaching and practice are contrary to popular tradi-tion. AN unseemly and discreditable contest is being waged in what is known as Little Prairie School District, seven miles south of North-field, Minn. It is charged that for ten years the Methodists have run the district, elect-ing their board every year, and have insisted that the house should be used as a place of religious worship at the expense of the dis-trict for fuel, etc., paying extra salaries to teachers to make a Sunday school out of the day school. On the night of the 25th ult., ten unknown men went to the school-house and broke in the windows and doors and tore down a pulpit  placed there by the Methodists. This lawless action is to be regretted since it obscures the principle involved and alienates he sysmpathy of lovers of justice and fair dealing. THE Scriptures declare that " all that will live godly in Christ Jesus will suffer persecu-tion." 2 Tim. 3:12. This is as true to-day as at the time when it was penned by the apostle. The devil has not lost his power to oppose and make it hard for those who have set their faces toward Mount Zion. THE words in the 13th chapter of Romans: " Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power? do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same," indicate clearly that civil power i ordained not to punish men for doing good but only for doing evil. TIM which goes beyond this and punishes innocent men for no offense against their fellows, is usurpa-tion and not God-ordained power. WE have no quarrel with any man, of what-ever class or denomination. Our warfare is with the evil which overcomes men, and not with its victims. This is in harmony with the divine plan. God hates sin, yet loves sinners;:and we are to act as becomes his children. We would that all men might be persuaded to separate from evil, through re-pentance and faith in the divine Sacrifice. INFORMATION received as this paper goes to press indicates that Messrs. Burrill, Howe, and Simpson, have not yet been imprisoned. But with the sentence of the court hanging over them, their actual incarceration can be delayed only a few days at best, and probably ere this note falls under the eye of the reader, these Christian ministers will have donned the striped garb of convicts as required by the rules of Chatham Jail. CIVIL government means force. The func-tion of the civil power is not to persuade peo-ple, but to compel them. And therefore there cannot be on this earth a Christian civil gov-ernment; for Christianity does not compel men, but persuades them. The State acting as a mere persuader of men would not be a State at all; it must act by compulsion, or cease to be that for which it is ordained. There is no Christian power in this world other than that which operates through the Holy Spirit. But the statement that a civil government cannot be Christian in its nature, does not imply that it must be antichristian or that it cannot be administered by Christians. Civil government is not ordained to do that which is evil, but to conserve justice in the sphere of men's natural rights. It does not pertain to the sphere of man's relation to God; jus-tice in that sphere cannot be conserved by any human power or wisdom. God will deal  with every man according to his works in the day of final judgment, and this takes the matter entirely out of the hands of man. Man's place here is to be a doer of the divine law, and not a judge. All justice is, of course, in harmony with Christianity. Hence civil government, as ordained by God, does not work at cross purposes with Christianity. It is non-Christian simply as being by nature incapable of doing the work that is being done among men by the gospel. EVERY man has the right, so far as his fellowmen are concerned, to believe as he pleases; and that right he never can and never will surrender so long as he is a Christian, yea, so long as he is a man. " CIVILIZATION" must not be mistaken for Christianity. A Christian is always civil and always ready to advance in the direction of physical, mental, and social well-being; but the power which uplifts him is the power of Cod working in his heart through faith in Christ. " Civilization" is largely made up of that which attracts by its glitter and out-ward show; but "all is not gold that glitters," and a showy exterior is the common means of making attractive that which is evil. A na-tion may be most highly " civilized" at the very time that it is most wicked. A BILL is now before the Dominion Parlia-ment to extend-the prohibitions-of the "Lord's day act " to farmers, as well as to those living in cities and towns. It reads: An Act to amend the Act to Prevent the Profanation of the Lord's Day. Her Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Onta-rio, enacts as follows:- 1. Section 1 of The Act to Prevent the Profanation of the Lord's Day, is amended, by inserting the word " farmer " immediately after the word " tradesman," in the first line of the said section. This bill is aimed directly at observers of the seventh day, as appears from circumstan-tial evidence which may be gathered from the locality where the bill originated. A petition against the passage of the bill has been ad-dressed to Parliament, and will appear in our columns next week. EXTRA copies of this paper will be fur-nished at the rate of $1 per hundred. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In chips of 255  andand  undernner  2550  copies to 9141e athilress, ear Zoo  " 50 and under 100 " 1  it " 100 or more 6, it To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 1 " - 6s Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 BOND STREET, NEW Yens. 