546 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. dim in their troubled minds, and it seemed that the realization of the promise devolved upon themselves. So Abraham and Sarah set to work to fulfill the pro-. phecy by the best plan they could devise, and the result of their scheme was Ishmael, the son of the Egyptian bOndwomah, Hagar. Then God, appeared to Abrahani and told him, that the promise was to be fulfilled not through any human plan or power, but only in the power and wisdom of God, through faith; and then, "through `Abraham's faith in God, came in due time the child that was the true heir, Isaac. The purposes of God, the prophecies of his Word, are to be realized through faith; never in any other way. The agencies in their fulfillment are spiritual agencies working with the children of faith; the power is the power of God. The earth is to be puri-fied from wickedness,' the saints -of the. Most High are to inherit it and exercise dominion over it, and it is to be,filled with righteousness and peace. Such is the promise of the Almighty. But how are men,' the professed followers of God, working for its ful-fillment? The outlook shows us that they have gone to work to fulfill the prophecy themselves by earthly agencies, such as human wisdom always selects--legislation, the ballot, politics and even conquest. They are going to make the world good and usher in the golden age by vote, by grasping political power, and by the forcible extension'on the earth of the blessings of American " Christian civilization." In this abortive scheme we see millions of zealous Christian people engaged to-day. Friends, leaders in this great effort, it is all a mis-take. ft is the same old deceptionŠthe substitution of earthly agencies and human wisdom for the di--vine in the fulfillment of God's high purposes. It is not of-faith; it is not based on the word of God or the example of Christ. It can only fail and bring disappointment, darkness and disaster. Let the purposes of the Most High be consum-mated by the superior agencies at Itis command, in that way which will manifest to the universe:the om-niscience and omnipotence of its Sovereign, and let those who long. for the realization of these pur-poses study and, believe. His Word, work in faith, and exercise " the patience of the saints." s. IF the world could be saved by legislation or con-quest, the sacrifice of the cross would not have been necessary. CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORERS AND "REVERENCE FOR LAW." THERE is in' Providence,_R. I., an organization known as " the Providence Union of the Young Peo-ples Soeiety of Christian Endeavor.",, 'Some time since," says the Providence Journal,. this " union took up the agitation for increased re-spect for the law," and `` the enforcement of, law as law." _The literature used was " leaflets of the League for Social Service, of which br. Josiah Strong is president." A special service," says. the Journal, "was ar--, ranged for July r by the citizenship committee of the ProvidnOe Union, which is composed of one-representative from each church society, with Rev.. E. liallmadge Root, of Elmwood Temple, as chair-man. There are 43 of these societies, and the total' average attendance at their-Meetings is-about 2,000."' " In many of the churches the meeting was ad-dressed by an attorney. The theme in each was the. divine authority of law; the Prevailing- neglect of law; that this neglect is the main cause of our moral probl lents ; that a strong public sentiment demanding the enforcement of the letter of every statute would prove the solution of all these pronzblems ; and that, therefore,, the key to the whole battle for civic righteousness is in-sistence upon the rigid enforcement of law." Letters were read in the various meetings from ex-Presidents Harrison and Cleveland. Mr. Cleveland wrote as follows: " PR iNtETON, Yule 2d, 1900_ " Rev. E. Tallmadge Root. " DE/kg It is not a pleasing thing to, be ob-liged to concede that at this period of our nation's.  history there should be truth and relevancy in the - propOsition: The Great Need of Our, Country-7- Reverence for Law.' _ "The difference between barbarity and civiliza--tion consists in the absence or e-xistence of laws arid their enforcement. Anierican civilization requires that laws for the safety and protection of persons and property should be made and.executed by those chosen for that purpose, by the people to be affected, by such laws. This circumstance creates the demand of popular participation and consent, which increases enormously the obligation of support and obedience. These are included in ' Reverence for Law.' That this reverence is the great need of our country re-sults from an inordinate national and individual strife to reach ends regardless of all restraint, and from th.e growth of the notion arming our people that 