AMERICAN SENTINEL. 583 A Great Triple Alliance. BY A. G. DANIELLS. THREE GREAT APOSTASIES. DURING this present world, or from the time since the flood to the end, there are to be three great apostasies or departures from God. Two have already occurred, and the third is now in progress. The descendants of Noah knew God. They had the truth. But when, after knowing God, they turned from the truth and went into idolatry, the first great apostasy occurred. These apostates are commonly spoken of as the heathen. The false system of religion into which they went is known as paganism. When the great reformation came at the time of Christ, and the gospel was preached in all the then known world, thousands were called out from heathenism, and became true worshipers of God. These were known as Christians, and constituted the Christian Church. But when worldliness and false doctrines came into the church, when it imbibed so many of the errors of pagan-ism that it resembled, imitated, and even excelled the latter in its corruptions and cruelties, another and sec-ond great apOstasy occurred in the world. ,The false sys-tem of religion into which the church then went is known as the papacy. During the great reformation of the sixteenth cen-tury, the truth was again set forth in clearness and with power, and thousands were called out from the errors of the papacy into the light and purity of the gospel of Christ. As a body these are known as Protestants. But like the descendants of Noah, and like the early Christian Church, protestantism, as a whole, is becoming worldly,' and is cherishing and embracing doctrines which will as surely lead it away from God as did the errors of pagan-ism and the heresies of the papacy the people in former times. And this departure, when it is complete, will con-stitute the third and last great apostasy in the world,Šapostate protestantism. THREE GREAT ERRORS. And the reason for all this is plain when once under-stood. It has been Satan's studied plan to corrupt every true church, or rather to corrupt the true church in every age. And his line of attack is much the same in all ages. The great errors over which these great apostasies have been or will be accomplished are three, and are practically identical. Note the following:- 1. Paganism became such through the worship of "deified dead men," based upon a belief in the false doc-trine of the immortality of the soul. And this is founded on the first great lie told by Satan in Eden, "Ye shall not surely die." The church which ultimately developed into the pa-pacy was led into image and saint worship through the teaching of, and belief in, this same unscriptural and false doctrine. And protestantism holds to this same doctrine, and is stealthily being led into spiritualism, the worst of all idolatries, through it. 2. The pagan church was united to the state, and thus had the power to, and did, persecute the people of God, as in Egypt, Babylon, and Rome. The papal church in its apostasy likewise united itself to the state, and, as all know, became a most bitter persecutor of those who remained true and loyal to God. The Protestant Church is seeking to unite itself to the state, and when it succeeds in this, it will likewise persecute those who "keep the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus." 3. Paganism cast aside the Sabbath of the Lord and made Sunday, the first day of the week, its chief day, in honor of the chief god which it worshiped, the sun. More than this, its devotees persecuted the people of God when they attempted to keep the Sabbath in their midst. See Ex. 5. The papacy likewise trampled the Sabbath of the Lord out of sight, persecuted those who kept it, as wit-ness the 29th Canon of the Council of Ladocea, A. D. 364, and the persecution of the early Waldenses, many of whom were Sabbath-keepers, and placed Sunday, the first day of the week, in its stead. Protestantism is doing the same thing to-day. It refuses to accept the heaven-sent message of reform on the Sabbath question; it is almost universally demand-ing laws for the enforcement of the observance of the Sunday-Sabbath; and already through these is persecut-ing those who keep the Sabbath of the Lord. The reader certainly cannot fail to see a very striking similarity here throughout. I. Idolatry brought about through a belief of the doctrine of the immortality of the soul. 2. The persecution of God's people through the unholy union of church and state. 3. The tearing down of the Sabbath, God's great memorial of his creative and sanctifying power, and the elevation of the first day of the week, a day upon which God never rested, which he never sanctified, nor commanded to be kept holy, in its place. THE ONE COMMON AND UNIFYING DOCTRINE. But the belief in the immortality of the soul is the great unifying element in all. Through this Satan has direct access to all. Through this he will unite the three great apostasies in his last effort to obliterate from the earth all true knowledge and worship of God. Through this he will work his last great and over-mastering decep-tions, by which he will deceive menŠthe very elect if it were possibleŠinto believing a lie, and in warring against those who keep the commandments of God. 2 Thess. 2: 8-12. Right here will that text be fulfilled which says: "And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus." Rev. 12:17. Satan will seek to obliterate the 