AMERICAN SENTINEL. 251 feared God and kept his commandments. It urged the people of this State to devote the day to the State, to duty and to God. "Those were noble words," said Dr. Smyth, "and it would be a grand thing if it was done by the people of Connecticut. It might influence materially the nomi-nations in coming political conventions, if the people generally should do that. But as a matter of fact the day would be observed as a public holiday under the mask of a day of fasting and prayer, and very probably the following day the attendance and business of the police courts would be increased throughout the State." This custom had been abolished in other States; we had clung to it because we disliked to give up all formal recognition of the relations of the state and the church. But the church should accept nothing which is not real. So long as the custom continued the churches of our order would respect the proclamation of the civil athor-ity by holding service on the appointed day; but Good Friday to devout minds was hallowed by more sound associations than the civil power could lend to it. American Government in Sulu. ACCORDING to the report made by a son of ex-Presi-dent Hayes, as told in the following press dispatch from Washington, the government established on the island of Sulu under the American flag, as yet fails to realize the first essentials of stable governmentŠsecur-ity to life and property:Š "WASHINGTON, Apri111.ŠLieut. Col. Webb Hayes, a son of the late President Hayes, now in the Philippines with the Thirty-first Volunteer Infantry, will quit the army as a protest against the submission of his supe-rior to 'diplomatic' robbery by a Dato of the Sultan of Sulu. "Colonel Hayes is coming home immediately, and will resign as soon as he arrives. "During the campaign just ended, Colonel Pettit sent an officer and several men to an island near the Sulus to capture an officer of Aguinaldo's army who was hiding there. "The little party upon reaching the island were told by Dato Atto that, according to the provisions of the treaty signed by the Sultan and General Bates, Ameri-can soldiers could not land with their guns. "The young officer in charge at first demurred, but finally gave way, and the soldiers disembarked without arms. "They were immediately surrounded by the Dato's soldiery and other natives, who relieved them of their tobacco, money, and watches. The officer was fearful of offending the Dato's men, and he made no protest of consequence. "He asked that Aguinaldo's officer be surrendered to him. " 'More tobacco,' demanded one of the Dato's lieu-tenants. "More tobacco was given and another request made for the insurgent officer. "'Give us $20 in gold and we will find him for you,' said the Dato. "The officer in charge produced the $20 and thepris-oner was turned over to him. "Lieut.-Col. Hayes said he could not afford to be connected with a regiment which had been subjected to such indignities without redress. Colonel Pettit is said to have requested that Lieut.-Colonel Hayes be relieved." Hypocrisy and Humbug. THE New York World, of April 5, 1900, speaks edit-orially of the Sunday closing of the Paris Exposition; and after touching upon America's obligations in the matter as a guest of the French nation, says:Š "There is much hypocrisy and humbug in Sabbata-rianism at home. Let us not make of it our most con-spicuous exhibit in Paris." It is quite true that there is much "hypocrisy and humbug" in the matter of Sabbath observance, espe-cially where Sunday laws are enforced. In fact all that a law enforcing Sabbath observance can do is to make hypocrites. The rest is in the Sabbath and not in the law, and no legal enactment can give this rest; there-fore, no human law can make a man a Sabbath-keeper. And there is much "hypocrisy and humbug" in acting like a Sabbath keeper when you are not. G. B. THOMPSON. Rome, N. Y. A Frenchman's View of the Outlook for Peace. IN the North American Review the well-known French writer, Emile Zola, states his view of the prospect for the cessation of war in the earth. He says:Š "I know that, for belief in peace and future disarma-ment, the time is scarcely auspicious, as we are now beholding an alarming recrudescence of militarism. Nations which till now seem to have held aloof from the contagion, to have escaped this madness so preva-lent in Europe, now appear to be attacked. Thus, since the Spanish war, the United States seems to have become a victim of the war fever. I am not quite com-petent to judge the situation in the United States, as I am not sufficiently well informed on the subject, and I speak merely from what I have seen in the newspapers an in some documents that were given me. However, I can see in that great nation a dangerous inclination toward war. I can detect the generation of vague ideas of future conquest. Until the present time that coun-try wisely occupied itself with its domestic affairs and let Europe severely alone, but now it is donning plumes and epaulets, and will probably be dreaming of possible campaigns and be carried away with the idea of mili-tary gloryŠnotions so perilous as to have been respon-sible for the downfall of nations. . . . 