 AMERICAN SENTINEL.  135      Every book and pamphlet written by Rom an Catho-lics during the reign of Leo XIII which has contained a line or word expressing the right of free thought or of private judgment has been immediately placed on the "Index," while the writers have been compelled to choose between retraction and absolute submission or excommunication. Some time ago the Bishop of Cre-mona and others were called to account for a certain liberal tendency in their writings. The pope gave them to understand that they were to believe and hold all that Thomas Aquinas taught, and nothing else. Their letters of retraction were as follows: "I deplore what your holiness deplores. I desire what you desire, and condemn what you condemn. I recognize no party but the Roman Church, and no father but the head of that church." During the pontificate of Leo XIII the scholarly have been persecuted, while the narrow-minded and big-oted have been rewarded. The present pope caused Carini to die of a broken heart, and he treated very cru-elly the scholarly Tolsti, while he has made bishops and cardinals of men utterly void of any knowledge of mod-ern science, but rich in their hatred of evangelical truth. If the pope has been obliged to recommend or approve the establishing of schools as the only means of getting the control of the rising generation, he has allowed as little of modern thought and freedom to enter these schools as was absolutely necessary. . . . In a letter to the vicar general of Rome, dated June 26, 1878, the pope says: "In the midst of many reasons for rejoicing we have much sorrow because of the gen-eral condition of the church, especially here in Rome, the center of Catholicism and the seat of the vicar of Christ. Here there is no restriction on the press; here Protest-ant churches are built even in the most populous streets, as if to insult us." Again, on July 12, 1878, he wrote another letter to the vicar general, complaining of the liberty given to Protestants to build churches and open schools, by which means they "spread the poison of their errors." Then he issued the following decree: "The supreme ex-communication, reserved as the special prerogative of the pope, is hereby-pronounced against all those who give their names to the heretical sects, of whatever de-nomination, who take part in their religious services or listen to their preachers, who print the invitation to these services or the subject of the discourses. They commit mortal sin who go to sing or play in Protest ant churches, the publishers who print Protestant books, and the architects, contractors, masons, and laborers who work in the construction, repairs, or decoration of any Protestant church. Parish priests are hereby in-structed to see that no one will work for Protestants." This is not a document of the Middle Ages, but one that emanated from Leo XIII. . . . In his encyclical to the bishops of Hungary, Aug. 20, 1886, which is really a political program for the Catholics of Hungary, the pope speaks of the "modern sects as being more terribly fatal than the ancient Mos-lem." With the modern Moslem the papacy seems to be in most cordial relations. . . . ,The authorized biographer of the pope says: "In his glorious pontificate Leo XIII has given special atten-tion to the religious orders, has encouraged them, and helped them to rise up into their former position and power in the church." On Sept. 17, 1882, he recom-mended the cult of St. Francis of Assisi, and on May 30, 1883, he constituted the third order of Franciscans. He himself wished to be known as the protector of Francis-cans, but the Jesuits have been specially favored by him. He was at first their pet disciple, and then became their willing servant. In his brief of July 13, 1886, the pope pronounced a eulogy on the Jesuits, whom he declared to be worthy of great honor in the Catholic Church, and he abrogated tlu "Brief Dominus" of his predecessor, Clement XIV, giving back to the Jesuits all the privileges and immunities which they once en-joyed. On October 12, 1892, Leo XIII addressed a letter to the new general of the Jesuits, in which he greatly praised the order, and on July 30, 1895, he gave into the care of the order the direction of all the colleges and schools in Egypt. It is a contradiction of terms to speak of Leo XIII as liberal and the friend of free institutions, whether they be ecclesiastical or civil, when by his every act he has proved himself to be the friend of the Jesuits. By restoring them to power he struck a dagger into the heart of liberty. This institution, born in Spain, soon spread itself over all nations, but because of its political intrigues, its immoral teachings, and its crimes Clement XIV was obliged to abolish the order. But a secret so-ciety of that kind, proportions, and power could not be destroyed by a papal decree, and hence the Jesuits, cast-ing off for a time their distinctive garb, remained the same in heart and intent. They lived for awhile in the dark until they got rid of the pope who had decreed their death, and then came forth more heinous than before. After the death of Clement XIV the Jesuits re-turned to enjoy many of their rights and privileges. They became the confessors and counselors at courts and the favored educators of the aristocracy of the na-tions of Europe, but it was reserved to Leo XIII to rec-ognize them officially and place them in power. Now the pope remains prisoner, and the Jesuits are directing affairs as they please. . . . The Jesuits hate our Constitution and our free insti-tutions, and secretly seek to undermine the Republic. "Eternal vigilance is the. price of liberty." Let me conclude by quoting another line'from the pope's authorized biographer: "Leo XIII has absolutely continued the work of Pius IX and faithfully sustained his principles since he is verily his successor," 