362 .A..10/117,1ELICA.N SMIVPIEN1T1VOL. 11, No. 46. ministers and Wise statesmen labored side by side. To Rev: John Witherspoon probably as much as to James Madison was due the First Amendment to the Constitution as well as the provision of Article VI., that "no re-ligious test shall ever be applied as a qualifi-cation to any office or public trust under the United States." In that day the Christian Church in Amer-ica was "strong in the Lord and in the power of his might." Ministers and people alike realized that religion was an affair of the heart, and that only as it was such was it of any value. Believing this they readily dis-cerned that to be more than a mere form it must be wholly voluntary; hence their de-cision to leave the conscience free as God made it. Recognizing the sublime truth that "all men are created equal," our fathers realized that all had by nature equal rights. If by reason of the new birth some men came to have special claims upon the common Father, and to receive from him special blessings, only God could certainly know who they were: so far as civil society was concerned, they could of right have no pre6minence over other men who respected the equal rights of their neighbors and discharged their duties toward society. "Equality of all men before the law" was therefore the watchword alike of the Christian and of the non-Christian patriot of the formative period of the American Union. But a change has come over the dreams of the "leaders in Christian thought" in the United States. For thirty years untiring ef-forts have been making to undo the grand work of the fathers of the Republic, to sweep away as atheistic the Constitutional safeguards of religious liberty, and to erect upon the ruins, of the temple of American freedom, a man-made theocracy in 'which the allied churches of the country, shorn of the power of God, shall wield instead thereof the power of the civil State. For many years this work of undermining our free institutions was carried on by the BO called National Reform Association, it must be confessed with little apparent result; but finally our institutions have commenced to bend under this mischievous influence. Within , a decade the National Reform Asso-ciation has been reenforced practically by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, the Prohibition Party, the American Sabbath Union, with its State auxiliaries; and last, bat not least, by the Epworth League and the Young People's Society of Christian En-deavor, until now, in the last half of the clos-ing decade of the nineteenth century, the safe-guards of liberty of conscience which our fathers gave us are threatened by a mighty host numbering millions, who, fired by youth-ful enthusiasm, and nerved by the strength and vigor of early manhood and womanhood, constitute a most formidable army. Nor are these enthusiastic millions dishon-est schemers; they believe they are doing service both to God and to their fellowmen. They are not consciously the enemies of the Republic, for they believe themselves the vanguard of a grand army which is to expel from our borders the malefic influences which have hitherto poisoned our national life and - embittered and even blasted the lives of so many of our people. They can be success-fully met in but one way, namely, with the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God. The original National Reformers proposed to accomplish their so-called reforms by con- stitutional amendment. This is still the dream of some,')Dut the vast majority now  believe that everything desired can be accom-plished under State and national constitu-tions as they now exist, and the thought is not unwarranted. The Supreme Court decision of February 29, 1892, declared this "a Christian nation."  The following summer the World's Fair legis-lation was enacted, in which Congress, re-gardless of the Constitution, assumed to de-cide a religious question by declaring Sunday to be the Sabbath, within the meaning of the fourth commandment. May 18,' of the present year of grace, the Supreme Court of the United States handed down another deci-sion in perfect keeping with the "Christian nation" decision, fully affirming the constitu-tionality of Sunday legislation in the several States, and leaving no room to question what the decision would be were the power of Con-gress to enact such a law called in question in the courts. The United States, in all its departments, legislative, judicial, and execu-tive, stands committed to the evil prin-ciple which for a century the people fondly imagined was prohibited by the Constitu-tion. These facts are not unknown to the aggres-sive millions now marshaled on the side of so-called moral reform by civil law. "The country for Christ" is their battle-cry, and they propose to effect its capture, not by the slow method of making the individuals his prisoners, but by seizing in his name the ma-chinery of government. As shown recently in these columns, a religious test is to be ap-plied by wholesale boycott of all candidates who will not bow to the will of the "reform-ers," and already the First Amendment has been nullified by decision, dicta, and con-struction. With these facts staring us in the face, and with a. National Reform Association of over two and a half million of earnest, aggressive, though misguided people, not simply laying siege to, but already in possession of, the outposts, and now actually preparing for the final assault upon the citadel of American lib-erty, is it not high time that every lover of freedom of conscience awake, if not to save the nation from impending ruin, at least to be the means of saving from eternal death some of their fellowmen who, deceived by the glamour of "National Christianity," are being led captive by Satan at his will. NOT VERY CONSISTENT. OUR modern Sunday " laws" present, in most cases, a queer combination of that re-ligious intolerance from which all religious legislation arises, with that regard for relig-ious freedom and natural rights which has been a prominent characteristic of American government. Under such circumstances it is not surprising that such "laws" should present inconsistencies. Two sentiments so opposite in character cannot be put into har-monious combination. In most of the States the Sunday statutes contain an exemption clause covering the cases of those individuals who conscientiously observe the seventh day instead of the first. Such exemptions were doubtless prompted by a desire not to infringe upon liberty of con-science. Of course, all religious legislation does infringe upon conscience; but the evi-dent desire not to do so which appears in some of the legislation of this kind has cre-ated an inconsistency which robs the statutes of even logical force. Thus, Sunday statutes forbid all Sunday work or amusements, except works of neces-sity or charity. No baseball, golf, or out- door sports, no hunting, fishing, etc., must be allowed; and no place of business must be kept open for the manufacture or sale of goods. The essential idea of Sunday legisla-tion is that this is necessary for the good of the people. But in the same statute appears a clause which states that such prohibitions shall not apply to those who conscientiously believe the seventh day to be the Sabbath and actually observe it as such. But upon the seventh day, as everyone knows, business is in full blast everywhere, and. outdoor occu-pation and amusements are pursued to the fullest extent. Saturday is, indeed, more fully devoted to business and recreation than any other day of the week. Now if it is necessary for the good of the people that all business and recreation should be suspended on the first day of the week, except works of necessity or charity, why does it answer the purpose just as well that people should rest on the seventh day, when there is no cessation of business or recreation whatever ? What defender of Sunday statutes will enlighten us on this point ? s. A USELESS REMEDY. Ix the November issue of The Defender,the organ of the New England "Sabbath Protect-ive League," Rev. J. G. Merrill, D. D., speaking of the increasing prevalence of Sun- day desecration in the country, says:Š It goes without saying, that the months just passed have abundantly made evident the fact that the dan-ger point has been reached, that unless the tide of sabbath desecration is stayed speedily and effectually, the American Sunday will have to come to an end ; and those who believe in the absolute connection be-tween the perpetuation of the American Sunday and the life of the republic, are convinced that there should not be another moment's delay, that wise, strong, vigorous action should at once be had. It seems rather strange, certainly, to think that the American Sunday is to come to an end because the mass of the people will not observe it religiously. Will the church bells cease to ring on Sunday, the congregations remain at home, and the pastors forsake their pulpits, because other people are desecrating the day? Does the statement mean that when Sunday comes to be a little more openly dis-regarded by the public, church people will think it is no use to persevere longer in their observance, and so let Sunday drop in order to be in harmony with the majority? It is hard to see how the day is to come to an end, unless the church people themselves are to give up. course, is legisla-Tehi up. et proposed remedy,  -Lion. But upon this point history gives a testimony that is most forbidding. For it is well known that in the days of the apostles the civil law of the whole mighty empire of Rome was against Christianity; yet that did not prevent ChristianityŠof which Sabbath observance is an essential partŠfrom spreading rapidly in every part of Rome's domain. If the civil law in that day utterly failed to bar the way to Sabbath observance, it is certainly equally impotent now to maintain the Sabbath against its foes. If Sabbath observance could be maintained by human law, it could have been prevented by the same means in the days of that pagan empire. And the very fact, moreover, that Chris-tianity spread throughout the world in oppo-sition to all the power of Rome's iron mon-archy, affords most conclusive proof that Christianity is not dependent upon the civil law at all. It 'is no more dependent upon that power now than it was 041 its profes- 