"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ, VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, AUGUST 24, 1899. NUMBER 33. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. WAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay fort& (Entered at the New York Postofdee.) CONFEDERATION represents the highest power of man, but it never represents the power of God. t THE devil never engineers one of his worst deceptions without first transforming himself into an angel of light. THE greatest deception of the age is that which leads Christians to look through the gateway of politics for the coming of the kingdom of Christ.  sin. When the civil authority gets off on this path it will only entangle itself in hopeless difficulties. The true question and the only question for the civil authority is that of preserving rights. Whatever invades the natu-ral rights of the individual citizen, is a proper subject for prohibitive legislation. IN true republican government, all individual citi-zens are represented but not any institutions of individ. uals. Therefore only individualsŠonly "we, the people" Šcan rightfully go into politics. When a trust or a church goes into politics, and influences elections and legislation, something is represented in the government which has no just claim to representation there, and the government is no longer truly republican. - ,Pe The The "Mission of Liberty and Humanity." EVERY effort of the civil ;uthority to settle a relig-ious controversy, only makes the controversy rage more fiercely. THE declaration made by Jesus Christ before Pilate, "My kingdom is not of this world," is equivalent to a declaration that he is not in politics. CIVIL government cannot concern itself with sin without forming a union of church and state; for under any union of church and state, all that the government undertook to do was to punish sin and repress heresy. Moral grounds, therefore, cannot be considered by civil government in determining what acts shall be prohib-ited; for if immorality is a sufficient cause for prohibi-tion in one case, it is in all cases, and the government would be logically bound to prohibit everything im-moral, which would simply amount to a prohibition of IN a speech made at the Catholic Summer School grounds at Lake Champlain, the 15th inst., the Presi-dent said with reference to the American flag: "Rebellion may delay, but it never can defeat its blessed mission Of liberty and humanity." This was an allusion to the present "rebellion" in the Philippine Islands. The American flag, in the President's view, is in the Philippines on a "blessed mission of liberty and human-ity." Is it then a fact that the American flag, floating over the armed hosts of the nation, the symbol of the force of the civil power, represents the true "mission of liberty and humanity" in this world? Is civil govern-ment, even in its best form, the true preacher of "liberty and humanity" to the race? There is a square contradiction between the view that the American flag in the Philippines represents the "blessed mission of liberty and humanity," and the statements of Scripture. The Scripture says that Jesus Christ is the true 