80 V OL. IV, IN V IV. NEw YORK, MARCH 7, 1895. gar ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may- know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. DON'T fail to read the article entitled, " Physician, Heal Thyself," on page 75. MORE news in this issue regarding the pros-ecution of Seventh-day Adventists in Basel and London. JrŁ  the SENTINEL were twice as large as it is we could fill it this week with fresh and important matter. THE Outlook joins the Examiner- in de-nouncing the persecution of Seventh-day AdventistsŠpage 78. WE have received a very candid communi-cation from C. L. Hewitt to which we will reply if that gentleman will send us his ad-dress which he failed to give. ONE of our local editors has peen attending the Seventh-day Adventist Conference in Battle Creek, Mich., and furnishes a brief description of the conference for this issue. READ our first article that you may see how Rome silences those Romanizing Protestants who have dared to criticise the pope's demand for the " favor of the law's and the patronage of public authority," " in addition to liberty." THE Mountain State Gavel, of New Mar-tinsville, W. Va., reprints in its February issue our article of Jaunary 17 entitled " An American Citizen Defends his Faith and his Rights." We appreciate these efforts of our exchanges to serve the cause of truth and religious liberty. FOR the encouragement of those who are sending the SENTINEL to their friends, we print the following from a card just received at this office:Š MY DEAR SENTINEL:Š By some unknown agency, I have received several copies of the SENTINEL, and affirm that; of all the little papers that I ever read, the SENTINEL contains the weightiest words, the soundest reasoning, and the most con-vincing logic. God bless your efforts to check the inroads of popeism. THE general Government is not alone in making appropriations for religious education and religious instruction. Among the items in an appropriation bill recently introduced into the Maine legislature, is, "For Priest's Salary, $200." Another bill appropriates $1,000 for the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union, and $3,000 for the Sisters of Charity in Lewiston. The fact that State governments are also involved in this iniquity  does not make it any better. It simply shows the extent of the evil and the `urgent necessity for educating the people upon the correct principles of the separation of Church and State. THE Western. Watchman, a Roman Catholic paper of St. Louis, Mo., contained the follow-ing editorial in its issue of February 14:Š The Protestant papers are indignant at the pope for expressing a hope that the United States might one day become Catholic. They declare that in such event liberty would be no more. Tut-tut men. You are mad. If the'United States were to become Catholic to-morrow it .would take all the sensible Catholics in the land all they could do to prevent the converts from making the profession of any other than the Catholic faith a penal offense. The Watchman is entirely correct in its con-clusions, and the reason for the correctness of its deductions Can be found in the Word of the Lord. When men who have known the truth, reject it and turn from light to dark-ness, the Saviour says to them: " If therefore the ' light that is in thee be darkness, how great is that darkness!" Again, speaking of the tyrannical ecclesiastical system of his time, the prototype of the papacy, he said of its converts: " Ye compass sea and land to make one proselyte; and when he is made, ye make him two-fold more the child of hell than yourselves." Yes, an apostate Protestantism is more to be dreaded than the papacy itself. THE PAPACY AND FREE SPEECH. THE Roman Catholic Church in the United States- is just now posing before the country as the author and conservator of religious lib-erty and the only power that can control the riotous element of the country. That both of these assertions are false in fact, has just been newly demonstrated in Savannah, Ga., where a mob of three thou-sand Roman Catholics attempted to kill ex-Priest Slattery and wife, who lectured there on the night of February 28, against Catholi-cism.. The following abridged description of the riot is from the Sun, which Roman Catholics will not accuse of misrepresentation:Š SAVANNAH, Feb. 26.ŠFor five hours to-night the city was in charge of a mob and on the verge of a re-ligious riot. The entire white military force of the city, except the artillery, was on duty. There are ten infantry companies in the militia and the Georgia Hussars, the latter being dismounted. The actions of a mob estimated at 4,000, the greater part being Catholics, caused their summons to duty. . . . For three days it had been apparent that trouble was brewing, because the city was placarded with notices that ex-Priest Slattery and his wife, described as an ex-nun, would lecture here to-night on Cathol-icism. Members of the Ancient Order of Hibernians at once took steps to prevent their appearance here. Petitions were circulated asking Mayor Myers to refuse to per-mit Slattery to appear. . . . " I cannot stop this man from lecturing," said the mayor, who is a Hebrew, " but I can prevent disorder and I will do so. If the police have not sufficient force to do so, the military will be appealed to. Riot will not be tolerated." . . . The lecturer had hardly begun before brick-bats and cobblestones began to rain in through the win-dows. The police had closed all the heavy inside shutters, and this saved the audience from injury, only two or three persons being injured by flying glass. . . . Before nine o'clock the mob had grown to probably between 3,000 and 4,000 persons. Window after win-dow in the Masonic Temple was smashed. Cries of " Kill him," " Down with Slattery," s" Death to the  renegade," were heard. Chief McDermott summoned the mayor. . . . The mob hissed at the police and hooted at their orders to disperse. The military alarm, eleven taps on all fire bells in the city, was sent in. When it sounded the mob derided. " Bring on your military," some of the leaders shouted. "They can't save Slattery." The account continuing relates that Vicar-General Lafferty was appealed to to, stop the rioting, and that his efforts failed, after which by the use of the entire police and white mil-itary force of .the city, Mr. Slattery was pro-tected from the murderous mob. Later, repeated attempts were made both to burn and blow up the Masonic Temple where the lecture was held, and all this by the people of the church that claim to be the author and preserver of both religious liberty and public order. THE Roman Catholic paper, the Western Watchman, thus defends the pope's shrewd method -of addressing the American people under pretense of addressing the Roman Cath-olic bishops of America:Š Bishop Paret, of Maryland, is highly indignant be-cause Leo XIII., in his late letter, addresses himself to the American people. He thinks he should confine his counsel to Catholics.. The pope is the spiritual head of the Church; and the Church claims the spirit-ual allegiance of all those who are baptized. So the pope claims the spiritual allegiance of even the editors of the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL and addressed his late encyclical to them. Well, we have received it, and have made several comments on it. The pope will find some of them on the first and second pages of this paper. " PAPACY and Prophecy or the Sovereign Pontiff' and the Church of Rome," is the title of No. 29 of the Religious Liberty Li-brary. This number is a reprint of a lecture delivered in Geneva in 1843 by Dr. Gaussen, the celebrated Swiss theologian. By fourteen distinct counts this document shows that the papacy is the blasphemous power represented by the little horn of Dan. 7. Dr. Gaussen very aptly remarks that this application of Daniel's prophecy is a doctrine which "has been lightly esteemed only in times of lax the-ology and infidelity." These are " times " of lax theology and infidelity and therefore this doctrine is lightly held by the Romanizing descendants of the faithful of Reformation " times." Hence now is the time to read and circulate this tract. In it is wielded the only weapon, the " Word of God," that is, or ever has been, available against the papacy. Thirty-two pages, price 4 cents. Liberal reductions when ordered in quantities. Ad-dress Pacific Press Publishing Co., Oakland, Cal., or 43 Bond St., New York; also Reli-gious Liberty Association, Battle Creek, Mich. WE have on hand a good supply of back numbers of the SENTINEL of recent dates, among which are the issues of January 24 and 31, February 7, 14 and 21. All these num-bers are valuable to missionary workers for free distribution, and will be furnished in assorted lots at the rate of one dollar per hun-dred. Send in your orders for any small quantity at this rate. $8 per thousand. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York City 