cussion that followed a large number of people gathered around the little coffin. 'Fortunately, the cemetery is comparatively near the town. Begging the friends to wait, the pastor ran down the hill, and quickly found himself in the presence of the mayor and of several alder-men who happened to be present. He at once explained the case, calling attention to the fact that the friends of the deceased were waiting in the cemetery. Though these gentlemen were all well-known Roman Catholics, they unanimously agreed that the official papers that the pastor.showed them were quite legal and were all that were required, and they wondered that the priest in charge of the cemetery should have raised any obstacles to the burial. The mayor said: ' I will soon put it right,' and going to the telephone he called up the priest and had a conversation with him. In a moment he returned to the pastor, apologized for the annoyance that he had suffered, and assured him that there would be no further trouble. "He hastengd back, and was surprised and glad to find that the Powd had not diminished in numbers. With very poor grace the priest surrendered the coffin, and to the eighty or one hundred persons who were now gathered around the little grave, the pastor preached the gospel for more than half an hour, and the baffled priest had the chagrin of seeing that he had only provided the Protestant with an interested and attentive audience that otherwise he would not have had. And, as for himself, quite unexpectedly he had received a useful lesson in con-stitutional law." THE life that is "by the faith of Jesus Christ," is the short and only road to eternal wealth and prosperity. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. we will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin ie sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromising opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in, principle. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Co. ORGAN OF TEL& International Religious 'liberty Assoeiation. Single Copy, Per Year, - $1.00. Six months, Three " - - .25. ADDRESS, ATIERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New York. AMERICAN SENTINEL. 477 The " Civil Sabbath" in Brazil. IN Brazil, according to the testimony of Protestant missionaries, the people of the larger cities and towns keep what Sunday-Iaw agitators in America have termed a "civil sabbath,"Šthat is, a day of rest in each week, for the purpose of mere rest, and not for worship. On the question of its practical effect and utility in promot-ing the general welfare, Rev. D. G. Armstrong writes the following in the Missionary Review of the World:Š " No Sabbath! True, in many of the large cities, like Rio and Sao Paulo, all the chief stores are closed and many of the wheels of business are stopped on Sunday; but this is not due to any religious motive or any recog-nition of man's moral obligation to keep the sa,bbath. It is due only to the force of circumstances. The clerks and operatives combined and demanded of their employers one day in seven for rest and recreation, and the employ-ers were forced to yield. But instead of spending their forced leisure in the refreshment of mind and body, both employers and employed while away the day in dissipa-tion and pleasure, attending the theatre and racecourse, and perhaps walking through the streets in some idola-trous procession headed by Romish priests, thus ending the day more jaded than if it had been spent in the routine of business, and ill prepared for the week's labor." Mr. Armstrong says, as will be observed, that this is no Sabbath at all. And certainly there is no Sabbath rest in such a rest day. The Sabbath rest is inseparable from religion. The advocates of Sunday laws, of whom the leaders are always clergymen, will not be satisfied with such a day of rest as is described in Mr. Armstrong's letter from Brazil. What they want is a Sunday law that will fill the churches. But there is only one way to enjoy the true Sabbath rest, and that is by that keeping of the Sabbath which is the result of faith in Jesus Christ. Preaching the Gospel in Spain. SOME degree of religious tolerance is accorded Prot- estant residents of Spain, and in the absence of permis-sion to maintain regular houses of worship, the Protest- ant clergymen improve the opportunity occasionally afforded to preach the gospel to the open-air congrega- tions which gather at funerals. One such incident is re-lated by Rev. W. H. Gulick, missionary of the American Board, in a letter to the Independent, as follows:Š "A little child in the Protestant congregation in Bilbao died. There was nothing in the circumstances of the death to complicate the case. All the usual papers had been taken out, and every legal requirement had been complied with; but, when the funeral procession reached the city cemetery, the priest in charge refused to permit the burial until certain requirements imposed by himself had been met. Among other things he demanded that the parents should bring a certificate from the parish priest to the effect that the child had not been baptized in the Roman Catholic Church. This is not required by law, and the pastor refused to submit to the imposition. In the dis- 