126 AMERICAN SENTINEL. taken at the time of the so-called. ReformationŠwhich, like all reforms, went too far." Yes, and when these com-promisers shall have succeeded in thus reforming the Reformation, there will be upon the world again the pall of the Dark Ages. TonoN;ro, Ont., is the banner city of America in point of legal Sunday observance; but it has a "Lord's Day Alliance," which is not by any means behind like organi-zations elsewhere in active work. This Alliance is now besieging the Provincial government for a compulsory half-holiday each week in all the shOps. Besides this, they also ask that all shops except drug stores be closed on Saturday evenings at nine o'clock. The government has promised to take the matter into consideration. These "Lord's Day" Alliances do no mean to go out of business with the concession of their first demands. THE Union Signal says that "Whoever helps to add a wholesome holiday, that is, a holy-day; to the peo-ple's calendar of saints, has set in motion a mighty influence." Yes, he hasŠa mighty influence for evil. To say nothing 'of the evils of saint worship, this very thing of making holidays to be holy-days, which now seems to be almost an established, thing, has set in motion an influence mighty enough for evil to sink this whole nation. ISAAC NUSBAUM, a storekeeper, of Bradford, Pa., was arrested February 9, for having sold goods on Sunday in violation of the law. He was held in $100 bail for trial, which was set for the 19th. It appears that the arrest was due to a determination on the part of Nus-baum to disregard a compact of the clerks of the city f6r the early closing of stores. It is frequently the case that the Sunday law is used to force compliance in some direc tion not contemplated at all by its requirements. ri• 44. THE Shnday-law forces have evidently determined upon a general advance in the western States. Sunday bills are making their appearance in the legislatures all over that section. Wisconsin, Minnesota, Missouri, Col-orado, Texas, Montana, Arizona, California,Šin all these the Sunday-law mania has appeared in the law-making assembly, and doubtless other Mates might properly be included in the list.. We trust our readers appreciate the significance of this demonstration. ONE great difficulty in the way of reform legislation, writes an advocate of the " Christian Amendment to the Constittition," is that legislators do not know what "the people" want. So he urges those in favor of such an amendment to write to their representatives in Con-gress, urging its adoption. Then Congress will know what "the people" think about it ! In no direction are  the religious amendmentists working harder than in that of trying to impress Congress with the idea that they are the people of the United States. THE Walla Walla College, Washington, conducts a Correspondence School in addition to the regular work of the College. We are acquainted with the Faculty and its work, and can heartily recommend it to all who would like to have the advantage of systematic instruction at home. A new term is to begin March 1, 1897. For fur-ther information, address Prof. E. A. Sutherland, College Place, Washington. REPORTS from Bahia, Brazil, state that a band of about 3,000 religious fanatics, armed with Winchester rifles, are intrenehed in the mountains of that State, and that their leader has proclaimed a "holy war" for the re-establishment of religion and the monarchy. The gov-ernment has undertaken to suppress them, and several battles have been fought, with great loss of life. A BILL now pending in Congress bears the title, "To prevent the multiplication of suicides." It is worthy of notice as illustrating the tendency among would-be re-formers to believe that legislation is capable of providing a panacea for every ill. The prevalence of suicide will no doubt be proportionate with the increase of poverty, drunkenness, and vice. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamp in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ERICAN SENTIN Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published Weekly by Paeifle Press Publishing Go. ORGAN OF TER International Religious !liberty Association. Single Copy, Per Year, Six months, Three ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond Street, New Ydrk. - $1.00. 