TIE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 355 to the liberties of the Nation. For, as you perceive, this bill has an exemption clause providing that " this act shall not be construed to apply to any per-son or persons who conscientiously believe in, and observe, another day of the week than Sunday as a day of rest." This fact gives us more courage to oppose the measure, because we know that all fair minded people will be able to see that our opposition arises from a broader and higher motive than that of self-interest. Again:Š Mr. Corliss.ŠMr. Jones has been called her,e by my-self as pastor of the Seventh-day Adventist Church here in Washington. I have called that church to-gether, and, by a rising vote, they have requested Mr. Jones to appear here on t1b4ir behalf. Mr. A. T. Jones, of New York City, Editor of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Mr. Jones.ŠMr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Committee : I shall devote most of my remarks to the subject which was made so much of by the gentleman who spoke last on the other side (Mr. Crafts), namely, the Seventh-day Adventists, and their opposition to this legislation. . . . Congress can make no law upon the subject of religion without interfering with the free exercise thereof. Therefore the Seventh-day Adventists, while observing Saturday would most strenously oppose any legislation, proposing to enforce the observance of that day. That would be an interference with the free exercise of our right to keep that day as the Sabbath. Therefore we come to you to plead for protection. We do not ask you to protect us by legislation. We do not ask you to legislate in favor of Saturday,Šnot even to the extent of an exemption clause. We ask you to protect us by refusing to give to these men their coveted power to invade our rights. We appeal to you for protection in our constitutional rights as well as our rights of conscience. . . . Gentlemen : It is time for all the people to declare as the Seventh-day Adventists decidedly do, that this Nation is, and of right ought to be, "FREE AND INDEPENDENT or ALL ECCLESIASTICAL OR RELIGIOUS INFLUENCE, CONNECTION, OR CONTROL. If any further evidence be required here it is: Bond Street, New York City, October 6, 1891. ELD. O. A. OLSEN, Pres. Gen'l Conf. S. D. Adventists, Battle Creek, Mich. Dear Sir:ŠIn his decision in the case of It M. King, or rather in his dictum appended to that decision, his Honor, Judge E. S. Hammond, of the United States Circuit Court, makes certain statements in regard to the beliefs and wishes of the " peculiar sect " with which Mr. King is connected religiously, the Seventh-day Adventists. From my understanding of the views hold by this people on this question, I doubt the correctness of the Judge's statements. There-fore, I send herewith a copy of the statements, with questions appended, to which I respectfully request that you would write an answer as fully as you may deem proper. By so doing, you will greatly oblige, Truly yours, Anowzo T. JONES, Editor AMERICAN SENTINEL. The statements of the Court are as fol- lows :Š (1) His [King's] own religious feeling or fanaticism [is) that the seventh day of the week, instead of the first, should be set apart by the public for the day of public rest and religious practices. This is what he really believes and wishes, he and his sect, and not that each individual shall select his own day of public rest and his own day of labor. Question: Is this true? Answer: I have been personally connected with the Seventh-day Adventist denomination for more than thirty years, and I can freely say that no such belief or wish is entertained by this people. Our belief and wish is directly the opposite of that stated by the Judge. (2) " He professes the sanctifying influence of the fourth commandment, the literal observance of which by himself and all men is the distinguishing demand of his own peculiar sect." Question: Is it the distinguishing, or any other kind of, demand of the Seventh-day Adventist body, that the literal or any other observance of the fourth commandment shall be enforced upon themselves or anybody else, by any form of human laws ? Answer: It is not. We do teach, not demand, that ourselves and all men should observe the fourth commandment literally, as God gave it. But this observance must be the free choice of the individual, according to the dictates of his own conscience. (Signed) 0. A. OLSEN, Pres. Gen. Conf. of the Seventh-day Adventists. Austell, Georgia, October 12, 1891. Thus by evidence which cannot be ques-tioned, it is demonstrated that the state-ments of Judge Hammond as to the belief and wish of the Seventh-day Adventists are false in every particular. Indeed, if the points made in the argument before the United States Senate Committee, De-cember 13, 1888, had never been made till this nineteenth day of November, 1891, and were now publicly made for the first time, in direct and intentional refu-tation of the statements of the Judge, it would not be possible to make them more flatly contradictory to those statements than they are. But as these points have been matter of public national record, and matter of knowledge to thousands upon thousands of the people, for nearly three years be-fore Judge Hammond set forth his dictum, this fact leaves himŠa judge of a court of the United StatesŠin the unenviable predicament of having upon a simple question of fact, officially published to the world a series of statements which are not only untrue in themselves, but which public and official records show to be untrue, and which thousands upon thou-sands of the people know to be untrue. A. T. J. Is This This a Religious Test? ARTICLE VI of the Constitution of the United States declares that " no religious test shall ever be required as a qualifica-tion to any office or public trust under the United States." A case has just arisen at Washington, which, if carried to the conclusion hinted at in the official report upon the question, would seem to require a definite interpretation of that clause in the Constitution. The report, as published in the Sun, of the 8th inst., explains the nature of the case, and reads thus : MR. SECRETARY: The accompanying communi-cation, referred to you by Sixth Auditor Coulter and handed me for my consideration, presents a case where a clerk in his division has become somewhat entangled in the Department regulations and the laws of Moses. Believing that the thou-sands of clerks employed about him, and the world generally, are headed in the wrong direction in ob-serving a day as Sabbath that they should not, he is moved by "conscientious convictions" and a re-gard for his "eternal welfare" to appeal to the Auditor for some assistance to enable him to fol-low conscience, which says he should not work on Saturday, and to abide by the regulations, which say he should. A solution of the question seems so obvious, and rests so wholly in Mr. Austin's hands by his simply resigning, that it must be the Auditor will not permit him to do so. If this be so, I think the Auditor is clearly wrong. The blue book shows that this clerk has had his "conscientious convictions of duty" outraged for years, by being compelled to work six or seven  hours daily for six days of the week, Saturday in-cluded, all for $1, 600 a year, and but one month annually for vacation. This should continue no longer. It is not only violative of the Constitu-tion of the United States, but of those funda-mental principles which underlie our free institu-tions (vide Amendments to Constitution, Article II., and Mrs. Heman's " Landing of the Pilgrims.") It may occur to the Secretary that it is possible that while this clerk is strong on the fourth command-ment he may be weak on the tenth; that, while his conscientious convictions lead him to rebel against working on Saturday,. his covetousness inclines him to appropriate the $1,600. This is barely pos-sible, but I do not want to believe it. Now, I can understand that so good a man as Auditor Coulter should-desire to retain a man of so active a conscience in a service where there is sup-posed to be so little of it. Still, it would not do to make an exception in this case or undertake to revolutionize the service in his division by starting work on Sunday morning and ending on Friday evening. Neither would it do to permit two Sab-bath days in every week. While I am satisfied such an arrangement would run counter to no con-scientious convictions and would be generally agreeable, it would not be proper in view of the present condition of the Treasury. In throwing out these few hasty suggestions on this religio-departmental question, I have not con-sidered it as fully as it deserves. I would fur-ther suggest, however, that the whole matter be referred back to the Auditor, with direction that he associate with him the Chief of the Warrant Division, and the Director of the Mint, who to-gether shall consider the matter and report. These gentlemen are distinguished for their piety as well as executive ability, and are fully competent to successfully wrestle with any or all the command-ments of the Decalogue. L. CROUNSE, Assistant Secretary. THE epithets, dignified, judicial, scarcely seem to apply to this report; neither do the words, considerate, respectful, har-monize any better. with the general tone of the document. The gravity of the question, here so flippantly raised, certainly would have called from one who had any apprecia- tion of its importance, at least, a respect-ful treatment, even if the thirty years of army and departmental service, and the unvarying record for worth and ability of the gentleman in the case, could not have commanded the kindly consider-ation of his superior officer. But al-though these claims be ignored, there is still farther a personal dignity of official position to maintain, and farther yet an individual noblesse oblige which should pertain to every officer of the United States Government in no less de-gree than to a private gentleman. Should the suggestion of this report be followed by those to whom it is re-ferred, in their final decision, a religious test will have been established as a quali-fication for admission to the departmental service, and from the time of the official delivery of such a decision every Israelite, Seventh-day Adventist, or Seventh-day Baptist, would be excluded from serving under the Government. If this conclu- sion should be reached where is the limit to which the " religious test " in Govern-ment affairs may not be applied ? W. H. M. 