DECEMBER 12, 1895. 3891 tion of the nature of Sunday " laws." Mr. Miles said in substance:Š I am opposed to all religious legislation of whatever character. All religions and creeds in our free coun-try should stand upon an equal footing, and it is not right to compel an observance of the Christian sab-bath by the Israelite or the followers of Confucius. If we have a Sunday law it should bear equally upon all, which is not the case with the existing statute. I am inimical to all legislation of a puritanical char-acter or tendency; and although a church member, I have no objection to trading on Sunday by those who find it more convenient and profitable to do so on that day. . . . Theaters and other places of amusement are per-mitted to be open on Sunday, and it is right that they should be; and if a merchant chooses to keep his store open on that day, I think he should have that priv-ilege just as the other merchant who so prefers may close his store and observe the day as one of rest or recreation. Being asked if he regarded the Sunday law undem-ocratic, Mr. Miles replied that he did not consider it a political question in any manner, and did not see how it could be made so unless one party assumed the pre-tension of greater sanctity than its opponents, and he did not anticipate that the Democratic party contem-plated taking any such stand. He confessed that from a standpoint of personal interest, sugar planters might be disposed to favor the Sunday law, as it had relieved them in great measure of the drawback for-merly experienced of laborers getting drunk on Sun-day and not being able to do a fair day's work on Monday; but he regarded the principle of such legis-lation as utterly wrong, and hence had no hesitation in announcing himself opposed to the Sunday law and favorable to its repeal. It will be observed that this expression of opinion leaves room for doubt as to whether Mr. Miles would not favor a Sunday statute which would " bear equally upon all." This constitutes a weak point in the views of many who are in general.opposed to Sunday legisla-tion. The truth is, that a Sunday " law " is in its very nature an unequal thing. It can-not be made to fit into the conditions which have always prevailed and must prevail among men, so as to bear equally upon all. And even equality, while abstractly a virtue, loses its good character in such a case. Equality of application can never justify a thing that is in its very nature an evil. In nearly every case of persecution that has arisen under the Sunday statutes, it has been claimed by their advocates that they bore equally upon all classes. But so long as there are people left in the world who keep the law of Jehovah,Šthat law which says, "The sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work," there will be those upon whom a Sunday statute must of necessity bear with much greater severity that it will on others. In many cases an effort is made to equalize matters by an " exemption" clause releasing from the demands of the statute such persons as conscientiously observe another day than Sunday as the Sabbath. But if a Sunday " law " is right, if it is a proper law for the civil power to enact, why should it exempt a certain class of citizens on account of their religious belief? This only adds another in-equality to the "law," and helps to demon-strate the fact that under the existing status of human society, no Sunday statute is possi-ble which can present in its working the es-sential features of consistency and equality of application. THE LOGIC OF IT. [Sabbath Recorder, Dec. 5, 1895.] The tide seems to be setting in very heavily in favor of a union of Church and State, a sentiment that to the majority hitherto has been very repugnant. This effort now appears to have only a partial application, and would not be tolerated at all were it not for the pur-pose of enforcing the observance of Sunday  and thus overriding the conscientious convic-tions and guaranteed rights of many loyal citizens. To carry this one point of religious legislation, Protestants unite with Roman Catholics, reformers with conservatives, and political organizations consort together to com-pel all men to bow to the will of the majority in matters of conscience. Carried out logic-ally in States where Baptists happen to be in the majority, a law may be passed compelling all who would enter into church relationship to be immersed, forbidding infant baptism by methods now acceptable to pedo-baptists. Then, when the latter is in the ascendancy it would be easy to secure legislation forbidding baptism by immersion, since sprinkling is be-lieved to be more convenient, and accompanied by less exposure. Therefore as a health meas-ure, for the public good, immersion would be ruled out. Just such a condition now exists in Saxony (Europe,) where Baptists are for-bidden to immerse or do anything to disturb the quiet of the Lutherans. ENFORCING THE LAW OF GOD. BY E. J. WAGGONER. " FOR we know that the law is spiritual." Rom. 7: 14. Then there can be no fulfilling of the law save in the Spirit. " God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must wor-ship him in spirit and in truth." Sometimes people talk about keeping the spirit of the law without the letter, but there is nothing in the Bible about keeping the spirit without the letter. By that expression men mean that they will keep what they think the law means, regardless of what it says. But God knows that the thoughts of man are vain. We are to forsake our own thoughts, as well as our own way. "For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, saith the Lord. For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts." Isa. 55: 8, 9. God is a Spirit; therefore they that worship him must do so in the Spirit which he supplies. He supplies the means, and does not ask us to worship him in our spirit, or in our conception of his law. We are not to worship God as we think him to be, but as he is. And no one, as stated in the text just quoted, can comprehend God, or define the bounds and limits of his will. Then no man can lay down a rule for another, or even for himself. Here is the unlimited word. No man can put a limit on the word of God, or say of any text that he has fath-omed its depths, and that he has all the truth there is in it. No; the word is spiritual, and no man can fathom the depth of the mind of the Holy Spirit. For this reason no man, and no body of men, is at liberty to put any construction on the word of God, or to change it, or to hold or teach that it means anything different from exactly what it says. The knowledge of this shuts out everything like religious coercion, persecution, or the laying down of rules for people to follow; for true worship must be rendered in the Spirit which God alone gives. The word must be taken, not in our own spirit, but in the Spirit of God, and that must lead us into larger and larger ideas, and work in us that which we do not know ourselves. Men have secret faults of which they are utterly unconscious. Not only so, but no man knows the depths of any sin which is brought to his attention, or the fullness of any command which is enjoined upon him. It is plain, therefore, that no man can  measure his own righteousness, nor his own  sin. He can simply know that he is a sinner, and that the righteousness of God is given to him. The more of the Lord he knows, the greater sinner he will realize himself to be. Therefore no man or body of men, whether in Church or State, can lay down rules by which a man can live; because the field of God's requirements is as unbounded as his own life, and must therefore ever keep in-creasing to our vision; and though men filled the world with books in the attempt to define everything, there still would be something omitted. The Spirit of God must work its own life in every man. This takes the matter out of the realm of civil government entirely. No human authority whatever can impose the Spirit upon any man, or define the mind of the Spirit. The law of God, which is his righteousness, is the one thing which men are to seek. Christ said, "I know that his com-mandment is life everlasting." John 12: 50. We also are to know the same thing. The law itself is spiritual; it is life everlasting. But life is not a figment, a fancy; it is real, and wherever there is life there must be some-thing living. When we read that the com-mandment is life everlasting, it does not mean that the written characters are life. They simply declare the fact. Everlasting life is in Jesus Christ. "As the Father hath life in himself, so hath he given to the Son to have life in himself." John 5: 26. He is the fountain of life. Ps. 36:9; Jer. 2:13. The commandment or law of God is ever-lasting life because it is his own life. Then it is the life of the Spirit of God; and putting the Spirit of God into the hearts of men puts the life of God there. It is the law of the Spirit of life in Christ, that gives freedom and peace with God. " The Spirit is life, because of righteousness; " and " if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his." Rom. 8: 1, 2, 9, 10. Nothing less than the life of Christ is the law of God; and anything contrary to the life of Christ is con-demned. Then we can leave the right of any body of men to enforce the law of God en-tirely outside of the question. It is merely a question of power. Has it the power to enforce the law of God ? Has any government on earth power to take the life of God and put it into the hearts of its subjects ? Certainly not. Then when men do make religious laws, and enforce religion upon people, it is certain that they are not enforcing the religion of Christ. Therefore when they do that, those who are loyal to Christ can have no complicity with it whatever. It is paganism, no matter what form of truth there may be. It is but the form without the power or life. If such enforcement is put in the very terms of the Bible, it is only the more thoroughly pagan; for it is paganism trying to palm itself off as Christianity. The attempt to enforce the ten command-ments, even just as they read, would be the greatest dishonor men could offer to the Lord. It would be saying that the law of God is no better than any man may be of himself. It is the same as saying that a man is all right if he keeps the law so that no man can find fault with him. But the man who merely refrains from outward violations of the law may be worse than the man who utterly dis-regards it, and knows he is guilty. In the latter case the man has nothing wherein to trust, while in the other, the man is building himself up in his own righteousness, and thinks that he is all right as long as he keeps the letter so far as men can discern. But the law is spiritual, and only the power of the Spirit can work righteousness in an 