The object of this book is to teach us to look unto <leaus from every scriptural point of view. it treats espe-cially of the present posi-tion and work of our Lord in the Heavenly et- uaryŠa theme of interest to every 1 hristian. Cloth edition, beautifully bound in buckram, cover printed in foiir colors, postpaid, - - $1.00 Presentation edition, gold side stamp, gold edges, a very acceptable present, postpaid, - $1.50 AMERICAN SENTINEL. 13 people, there were no regrets expressed by them, there we're only heard insulting remarks and jeers." "I suppose they thought the next king would do bet-ter. I wonder if he did," said Harry Ray. "That we will be better able to decide after having studied his history somewhat, but he was very young when his grandfather died, that is, he was only twenty years old, though he had been a married man for four years. His wife's name was Maria Antoinette. The queen was very vain and foolish, for she had not been well brought up. Though both, dimly comprehending that they were not fit to govern the kingdom, 'fell on their knees, crying, "0 God, help us! we are too young to reign." And indeed, his education, which was quite liberal, was not of the particular kind needed by a kingŠhe had not been taught the duties of a ruler, and so he had to learn by experience." "Well, then," said Milly Brown, "the people ought to have made allowance for him, I think. Didn't he try to do the best he could?" "It really seems that he did, Milly. At least it would so appear from his book which he named 'Reflections,' and which he wrote with his own hand. In this volume he tells of some of his hard struggles to manage his king-dom and to do well by his people. But he was timid, yet obstinate, and severe when he should have been lenient, lenient when he ought to have stood stiffly for principle and the right. "Next week we will study his reign and that of his unfortunate queen, Maria Antoinette, a little further." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STIITTLE. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write Names Plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. AMERICAN-  SENTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncom-promisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. ORGAN OF THE INTERNATIONAL,RELIGIOFS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Single Copy, Per Year $1.00. 44 " Six months .50. " Three months .25. ADDRESS, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 39 Bond St., New York. Cannot but Thrill the Heart IQ 4.4 of the ADDRESS, PACIFIC PRESS PUB. 39 Bond St., New York. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. ŠAn Ideal Book of Travel.Š BY LAND AND SEA A JOURNEY THROUGH FIVE CONTINENTS. STARTING from the interior of the United States, the reader quickly finds himself transported, as it were, to the scenes of the journey, the several stopping places being California, Hawaii, New Zealand, Australia, India, Egypt, Palestine, Italy, Switzerland, Germany, Denmark, England, and Holland. The aim of the narrative, which has been written almost wholly rom original notes and observations, has been especially directed to the object of presenting the life and nature of those regions, apart from the mental instruction and its inherent features of intellectual entertainment. The author has happily found, in the object lessons of life under its various phases and conditions, illustrations of moral truths, which are portrayed in a manner at once instructive and attractive. The book contains 392 pages, embellished with over 100 original, full-page engravings designed especially for this work, and numerous part-page illustrations, and is fur niched in the following bindings:Š Fins silk-finished cloth, embossed in gold and colored ink, marbled edges $.2.25 ;6 I; " gilt titles 2.76 Pine Russia Leather, gold side and back titles, gilt edges, extra finish 9.90 Address, l'OCIFIC PRESS PUBLLSHING cotirgy, 39 Bond Street, New York City. Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Cal. Is what the 4 Reader " ve LOOKING UNTO JESUS. "Christian Work" (New York City) says of our ŠNEW BOOKŠ 