274. A.1013E1RICA1N7 SOONT`INII-o VoL. 11, No. 35. other and to their Creator, it follows that he who properly understands the obligations rest-ing upon him may at the same time be loyal and obedient to a just, civil government, and to the moral government of God; he may thus have a dual citizenship being at the same time an American or other citizen and a citi-zen of the heavenly kingdom. To deny this is to assert that there is a necessary conflict between just civil government and the moral government of God, which is certainly not the case since both are ordained of God for the good of man, including Christians. 1 Tim. 1:1-4. The Christian citizen, then, of an earthly government, i4 simply one, who, being a citi-zen, is also a Christian, and who having learned to do unto others as he, would that they should do to him, having learned to love his neighbor as himself, is subject to just civil law "not only for wrath but also for con-science' sake." But the fact that the man is a Christian entitles him to no special favors from the government. Every man who conducts him-self as a good citizen, who discharges his ob-ligations to his fellowmen and respects their equal rights, whatever may be his motive, is entitled to all the benefits of civil society. Government cannot know the heart and can-not inquire into the motive which impels the subject to obedience; it can take cognizance alone of his conduct in its relation to the gov-ernment and to his fellow-citizens. Just Government and the Conscience. Just government will not trench upon the moral domain, it will not invade the sacred precincts of the conscience. Nor will the Christian citizen (the citizen who is truly a Christian) invoke the civil power in behalf of the supposed interests of his religion. To do so would be to violate the all-comprehen-sive rule of Christian' life, namely, "Whether ye eat or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God." It is to the glory of God that his gifts and the things which he has ordained are used for the purposes for which he gave them; while to wrest his word, to change his ordinances and usurp power which he has reserved to himself is God-dishonor-ing, as it is also to despise his gifts by refus-ing to use for our preservation, improvement and comfort, the means which he has gra-ciously given. The Christian will then, while thankfully availing himself of the benefits of civil society, while willingly contributing his quota of money and influence for its maintenance, for the benefit not only of him-self but of his fellowmen, insist that the State confine itself to its God-ordained sphere, that it respect the right of conscience, which is indeed only the right of God to the un-trammeled heart-service of every man. In short, the Christian citizen will exemplify in his own life and in every sphere of action and influence which he enters, the Golden Rule: " All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." The Ten Commandments and the Golden Rule. As before remarked, the one all-compre-hensive rule of the Christian's life is, "Whether ye eat or drink, or whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God."' The serv-ant of God never gets beyond this rule; he cannot without forsaking Christ enter any sphere where this law of action is not of bind-ing obligation. Whether in the home, in the church, or in the State, the claims of the di-vine law are equally upon him. When a prominent senator declared reversal 2  1 Cor. 10:31. years since that the ten commandments and the Golden Rule had no place in politics, he doubtless spoke the truth so far as the prac-tice of many politicians is concerned, but he did not announce a great principle nor a necessary rule of action. Politics primarily means, " The science or practice of govern-ment; the regulation and government of a nation or State for the preservation of its safety, peace and prosperity,"' " The protec-tion of citizens in their rights," 4  etc. To say that in these things men might not or ought not to be governed by the ten commandments and the Golden Rule is to declare that God has ordained something from which sin is in-separable, and that for the good of mankind; for that even a very poor government is better than none, all must admit. Individual Accountability. The trouble in regard to this question is that too many agree with the honorable sen-ator, to Whom reference has been made, so fully that in the political sphere they consider themselves outside the jurisdiction of the law of God, and act accordingly. They are gov-erned by policy and that only; they know no other law. Theirs is a terrible mistake. Caucus, party, and State acti on is, in its last analysis, individual action, and for it individ-uals are accountable and must one day answer at the bar of the God whose law they have despised and ignored. Man Cannot Enforce the Law of God. This is not saying, however, that caucuses, parties, or States, have any warrant to enforce either the ten commandments or the Golden Rule. The Decalogue reaches to the thoughts and intents of the heart; the Golden Rule re-quires not only that a man shall be just, but that he shall be generous. Civil rulers have no jurisdiction over the mind; they have no authority to enforce more than equal and exact justice between man and man; and even this they are to do from the standpoint of nat-ural right, not from that of the divine law. In moral duty, in all things relating to the relations of the creature to the Creator, God has left men free to choose or to refuse His service. Touching all these things he has appointed a day in which he himself shall judge the world; and to all who would usurp his prerogative as Judge, he says: " Who art thou that judgest another man's servant? to his own master he standeth or falleth. Yea, he shall be holden, up: for God is able to make him stand." Let the Christian, there-fore, while ,he refuses to enter any sphere in which he cannot be loyal to God, or to engage in anything in which he cannot be governed by the ten commandments and the Golden Rule, beware on the one hand of despising an ordinance of God, and on the other hand of usurping the authority and functions of the Judge of all the earth. The evils of civil government are not in its legitimate use but in its abuse. The man who attends a district school meeting and as-sists in determining the amount of school tax that shall be levied and the number of months that school shall be taught thereby exercises a right of civil citizenship, and engages to just that extent in politics and government; and it would be absurd to say that,in so doing he could not act in harmony with the will of God 'as expressed in the ten commandments and the Golden Rule. A- Serious Question Considered. But while it is not in itself contrary to the principles of Christianity for the Christian under certain circumstances to exercise the 3  The Century Dictionary. 4 Webster. 6 Rom. 14: 4. rights of civil citizenship, yet there are cir-cumstances of time and place which, to say the least, render participation in civil affairs by the Christian very questionable. Politics, in the common acceptation of the term, are both corrupt and corrupting. The chances are a thousand to one that the Christian en-tering the political sphere, under prevailing conditions, would not only fail in doing any good but would be himself contaminated by the abounding corruption. Surely the serv-ant of God can find a more fruitful field and promising sphere of usefulness than the role of political partizan. The ever, overshadowing, all-absorbing theme of the truly Christian minister or lay-man is the salvation of sinners. It is to res-cue those who are conformed to this world, that being transformed by divine grace, they may " prove what is that good and acceptable, and perfect will of God." In the pursuit of such work, Christians ac-complish vastly more for the betterment of civil society by the reflex influence on the non-Christian world of their Christian words and deeds than they could possibly accomplish by attempting to reform civil government by devoting their time to the never-yet achieved and indeed impossible task of purifying poli-tics, when any betterment of politics can come only as the result of the reformation of the individuals who compose the body politic. Civil Government Only Temporary. According to the Word of God, civil gov-ernments are only temporary. They are or-dained among men for the purpose of pre-serving order among the selfish, oppressive masses of men, while the ambassadors of Christ plead with these masses to be trans-lated not from civil society but from the king-dom of Satan into that of God's dear Son. By the same Word eve learn that these same governments are to be destroyed by the hand of God. " The God of heaven shall set up a kingdom. . . . It shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms." The same Word declares that "in the last days" " wicked men and seducers, shall wax worse " up to the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ the second time; when every government of earth represented by the kings of the earth and their armies will be arrayed in open hos-tility to him and perish as a result. It must follow from this that the nearer we approach this destruction the greater the separation be-tween these God-defying governments and the citizens of the kingdom of God. The people who publish the AMERICAN SENTINEL believe that the world is fast near-ing that solemn hour to which we have re ferred. They believe that now as never be-fore it is the duty of the Christian minister and layman to labor to rescue men from the impending doom of all things earthly. They do not believe that the ship of State can be saved from the wreck which He who sees the end from the beginning has decreed to be the fate of worldly governments; and just as it would be a crime for the captain of a hopeless wreck to urge his crew and passengers to man the pumps when they should take to the life-boats, so to-day it is a sin against heaven and against perishing men for the followers of Christ to devote their energies, as so many are doing, to the attempted salvation of polit-ical government, to the regeneration of civil society, instead of the salvation of perishing men. The church is honeycomed with infi-delity, her life is well-nigh crushed out by an insupportable load of worldliness, while her ministers who should be weeping between the porch and the altar crying, "Spare thy people, 0 Lord, and give not thine heritage to re- 