MARCH 21, 1895. 91 Dent. 5: 12, is identical with that in Ex. 20: 8, " Keep the Sabbath day to sanctify it." Meaning of Sanctify. In the account of the preparation for the giving of the fourth commandment we have the word " sanctify " perfectly illustrated. The Lord told Moses to set bounds about the mountain upon which the Lord was coming down, so that the people should not approach it. Accordingly, after Moses had ascended the mountain to meet the Lord, and the Lord again charged him to warn the people against coming near the mountain, " Moses said unto the Lord, The people cannot come up to Mount Sinai: for thou chargedst us, saying, Set bounds about the mount, and sanctify it." Ex. 19:23. From this we learn that the mountain was " sanctified " by being set off from all the surrounding country. The ground that was made sacred by the presence of the Lord was so clearly distinguished from the rest, that nobody had any excuse for not recognizing the difference. To sanctify, therefore, or to hallow, means to keep a thing separate and distinct from everything else. Apply this now to the Sabbath. The com-mandment says that the seventh day is the Sabbath, and charges us to sanctify it or to keep it holy. We are to keep it separate from other days, by doing none of our own work upon it, while upon the other six days we are charged to do with our might whatsoever our hands find to do. The great and essential difference between the Sabbath and other days is that it is a rest day, while they are laboring days. If now we should labor on the Sabbath the same as on other days, it is very evident that we should not sanctify it. We should be putting no difference between it and ordinary days. But suppose, on the other hand, that we should rest upon the seventh day, and should also regularly rest upon another day as well; it must be just as evident that in this case we should also be breaking down the distinction between the Sabbath and other days. In other words, we should not be sanctifying the Sabbath. So far as our action was concerned, no one would be able to tell which day is the Sabbath. Now the reader can see why we cannot keep Sunday as well as the Sabbath, pending some proposed alteration to be considered later on. Just as true worship of the true God is impos-sible while also worshiping another god, so it is impossible to keep the Sabbath of the Lord according to the commandment, and at the same time regard another day. The com-mandment which tells us to sanctify the seventh day,Šthe Sabbath of the Lord,Šthereby forbids us to give to any other day any of the honor which belongs alone to the Sabbath. Let it be understood that there is no con-troversy with those who may not think that the fourth commandment is to be strictly and literally regarded. They are free to think and act as they choose. We are simply taking the commandment as it reads, remembering the words of Christ, " It is easier for heaven and earth to pass, than one tittle of the law to fail." Luke 16:17. By the command-ment we are positively forbidden to recognize Sunday as in any way whatever different from Monday or Tuesday. This is why we cannot keep Sunday as well as the Sabbath, whether for a few weeks or forever. The Majesty of the Law. " But," it be urged, " the dignity of the law must be maintained, and it must be enforced; you must not expect that the law can be set aside to suit your ideas; and surely, as Christians, it is your duty to obey the law, and not to defy it." Very good; and in reply we have this to say. First, we by no means expect or desire that any exception should be made to meet our ideas. A law that is not good for every-body and at all times, is not good for anything. Second, we recognize the fact that the Chris-tian, of all persons, must respect the law, and must by no means defy it. " He that resisteth the power, withstandeth the ordinance of God: and they that withstand shall receive to them-selves judgment." Rom. 13:2 (R. V.). God forbid that we should ever be found in a po-sition of defiance or opposition to any earthly government. Here, however, is a point which our friends who have so kindly advised us, seem not to have thought of. While we are upholding the majesty of the law, shall we ignore the claims of the law of God ? Is English law superior to the law of God ? We yield to no one in respect to the English Government and its laws; but we are bound to regard the gov-ernment of God, and his laws, as higher still. It is not that we regard English law less, but that we regard the law of God more. Let us put the case squarely: Here is a man who acknowledges that there is a God who is above all, and who has laws; now what becomes of this acknowledgment if, when he talks about the majesty of the law, he sets the laws of men above the laws of God ? Let it be understood then, that this is not a case of opposition to the civil law, but of reverence for the law of God. We are bound above all things to obey the law of God. But here is a case where the civil law directly op-poses the law of God. We are forced there-fore to say to the rulers, as did the apostles: " Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more, than unto God, judge ye." Acts 4:19. The controversy is not be-tween us and government, but between gov-ernment and the law of God. As before stated, we are bound to obey the law of the land at no matter what sacrifice of money or convenience. But this is Not a Question of Convenience, but solely one of loyalty to God's law. Our adviser* has said that if we do not change our course we shall find that the fines will amount to much more than the profits on Sundays. Very likely; but that has nothing to do with the case. If no principle were involved, then it would be simple stubbornness not to give way; but where principle is at stake, then convenience or profit has no place. Our duty is clear. We must obey God, and we must not resist the laws of the land. If, therefore, the laws of the land come in conflict with the law of God, we must take the consequences, whatever they may be. We have shown that it is impossible for us to keep the Sunday as well as the Sabbath until the law is altered; let us now say a few words as to the fact itself of Getting the Law Altered. Our friends would have us make an appeal to the Government to have an exception made in our favor, permitting us to labor on Sunday without molestation. But this we cannot do. Why not ?ŠSimply because such a course would be insulting both to God and to Parlia-ment. How so ? Thus: God himself has already not only given us permission to labor on the first day of the week, but has com-manded us to make a difference between it and his rest day. Surely anybody can see that it would be an insult to him for us to ask men for permission to obey him. It would be holding him inferior to men. It would be to exalt Parliament above God, sayings We *London POI/ Olobql  wish to obey the Lord, but we cannot think of doing so without your permission." Or, it would be the same as saying, " Will you not allow us to keep the commandment of the Lord, and protect us in so doing ? " Would not the infidel well retort, " What kind of a God do you serve ? If you have to appeal to men to protect you in his service, you would do better to forsake him, and to serve the men in whom you trust." Again, to appeal to Parliament to change the law in our favor, would be an insult to it, for that would imply that if the permission were not granted we would not obey the Lord's commandment; and this alternative could by no means follow. To ask permission to keep the commandment and at the same time to say that if the permission were not granted we should obey it just the same, would be the height of disrespect. So we are not allowed to take any steps toward inducing the Govern-ment to make any change in its laws, further than may be done by the simple statement of the truth. Let us repeat that our personal convenience,  cuts no figure whatever in the affair Really, the case concerns the people of England, to whom we appeal, far more than it does us. And let it be further understood that we make this appeal not in our own behalf, but in theirs. It is not that we may be saved from inconvenience or pecuniary loss, but that they, or at least some, may be saved from taking sides against God, in opposing his law. Official Responsibility It is often the case that officers of the law excuse them elves for executing a law which they know to be wrong, and seek to absolve themselves from all responsibility in the mat-ter, by saying, " You know that we are bound to enforce the law; we do not like to do it, but we cannot help ourselves." That is a mistake. Nobody is forced to do wrong. Nobody can shield himself under the mantle of the government. " Every one of us shall give account of himself to God." The men who make the laws are individually re-sponsible to God for their action. If they exercise their right to do wrong, they will as individuals have to bear the responsibility. The officers of the law are in the same posi-tion of individual responsibility. Lowell has well and quaintly put it: Ef you take a sword and dror it, And go stick a feller thru, Gov'ment aint to answer for it; God'll send the bill to you. God has said, " Though hand join in hand, the wicked shall not be unpunished." Multi-tudes joined together in any wrong course, do not make it right, and do not lessen the re-sponsibility of each individual. The official is in the same relation to the law as the private citizen. If government commands him to do a thing that is unjust, he must say, " We ought to obey God rather than men," and abide whatever may result. Governments cannot absolve any man, whether he be an official or a private person, from allegiance to God. "Acting Conscientiously." When the magistrate imposed the fine upon the secretary of the society, he very graciously added that he had no doubt but that they were acting conscientiously. Now, reader, whether you are a judge or a private citizen, 'let me ask you a question. Suppose there was a thing which you conscientiously regarded as a matter of vital principle, but the law for-bade it under penalty; would you stifle your conscience, in order to escape the penalty ? or would you IN true to your voRsoloueo, let the 