THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. '165 religious denomination, or Mode of wor-ship." And when the authorities of the University expelled that student for that cause, they certainly put themselves above the Constitution. For, the officers of the State University are State authorities; their action would be the action of the State; and for them to compel attendance on religious exercises is certainly to re-quire attendance at a place of worship; and to expel a student for not attending, was certainly to deny him a civil privilege on account of his religious opinions. All the people of Illinois are interested in this case, and we hope that they will see it through. We hope further to see the rightS of that student vindicated by the ,Supreine,Court of that State. What Is " Sectarian "? THE proper answer to the question whether the Bible is " a sectarian book," depend's wholly upon what is meant by the question, and upon the relations in which it is asked. The common English version of the Bible, being equally accepted and used araeng all Protestants, is net, as between them, in .any sense sectarian. This same version, 'however, is such as between Protestants and Catholics, since it is not accepted and used by both. So, also, the Do-nay Version of the Bible, though not sectarian 'as between: Catholics, is such as between Protestants and Catholics, since it is not accepted and used by both. To intreduce into the public school either ,of these versions, and make the reading of either a part of school exercise, whether for the purpose of worship or that of re-ligious instruction, is plainly to place in the public school A sectarian book as be-tween Protestants and Catholics. Protestants would not be satisfied if the Douay version were thus established in the public school under the authority and regulation of law, and would justly claim that this is using the public school as the instrument of Catholic propagandism. The objection is just as legitimate when *urged by the Catholic against a like use of the common English version in the public school. The 'matter of fact is that the common English version and the Douay version of the Bible, are so dissim-ilar that, as between Catholics and Prot-estants, they are both sectarian books. The Catholics accept one, and-the Protest-ants the Other, and neither -accept both. The just conclusion, in view of these facts, is, than in a public-School system supported by general taxation and regu-lated by State authority, the introduction of the Bible in either of these versions or in any version, had better be omitted alto-gether, and the instruction and exercises confined exclusively to the sepular sphere of knoWledge: This which is far'from being a new opinion with us, as it:seems to us, is abundantly sufficient for the public school;  especially in a community taxed in com-mon for its support, with diverse religious beliefs and preferences. We see no other ground that is absolutely equitable and just toward all classes, and free from all partiality toward any class. We dissent alike from those Protestants and those Catholics, who would use the public school for religious propagandism in any form. The simple truth is that the State as such, has properly nothing to do with such propagandism, and should omit it altogether, leaving the work to other and more fitting agencies.ŠIndependent. What Right Indeed? WHAT right have our State and city governments for their exempting church properties from the regular law of taxa-tion ? Not only is such exemption against the spirit of our Constitution, but also against the letter of the New Testament. "My kingdom is not of this world," said Christ, " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God, the things that are God's." Were the churches to render unto Csar what belongs to Caesar, were they to pay to the Government the taxes that belong to the Government, that injustice would be wiped out of our statute books which ex-empts from taxation a vast amount of the very finest property in our land, that aggregates a value of hundreds upon hun-dreds of millions of dollars, and that is, almost without an exception, owned by rich 'corporations, while the poor washer-woman has her hovel sold over her head by the sheriff, if she cannot pay the paltry sum levied on it for taxes. "In the city of New York, Trinity Episcopal Church owns a block of land one-fourth of a mile wide by three-fourths of a mile long, val-ued at $25,000,000. Taxed equally with other property it would contribute $750,-000 per annum to support the StateŠbut being exempt, this amount goes to the church coffers; and the people of New York who are taxed the extra amount in ' order to make good this deficiency, posi-tively pay $2,000 a year for the religious instruction of each attendant at Trinity Church." And the injustice appears still more flagrant when we consider that .most of this property is not used at all for relig-ious, purposes, but is rented out for offices, stores, warehouses, and, if report be true, for some very illegitimate business. And this is only one church corporation within one denomination. Now consider the value of the church property owned by, all the Episcopalians, by the Catholics, Meth-odists,. Baptists, and all the other denomi-nations, and you may have some concep-tion of the amount of church tax exemp-tion in a country where Church and State are totally separated. If this is a Government in which Church and State are totally separated, what right has it to employ chaplains to offer up sectarian prayers in behalf of people to whom such supplications are objection-able, prayers that are, as a rule, never listened to, never heeded, except they partake of the nature of a stump-speech, or when the chaplains introduce some spicy sensationalism, or when they pro-ceed to give to God, or to his Son, some practical suggestions as to what course He should pursue in connection with the commonwealth ? This farce that is going on every day, is not only against the spirit of the organic law of this country, but also a positive blasphemy, and to keep it agoing our National, and our State Gov-ernments expend more than $50,000 annu-ally of the people's money. If this is a Government in which Church and State are totally separated, what right has the President to assume the role of high priest of the Nation, and issue a proclamation, asking the people to assemble in their resppctive places of wor-ship for a Thanksgiving-service unto God ? Fancy Col. Robert G. Ingersoll, the agnostic, Prof. Felix Adler, the ethical culturist, Senator John J. Ingalls the un-believer, (if report be true) elected-Presi-dent of the United States, fancy one of these assuming the role of high priest, bidding the people to do that which he has fought and ridiculed for years, and you may realize the absurdity of a thanksgiving or a fast-day proclamation by the chief Executive in a Nation, in which every native-born citizen, no mat-ter what his belief, is eligible to the Presi-dential office, and in a Nation that is amply provided with religious organiza-tions, and each amply supplied with pro-visions for thanksgiving and fast-day service. What right has a State government, if this is a country in which Church and State are totally separated, to consecrate Good Friday as a legal holiday ? or to in-terfere with its citizens spending their weekly day of rest and recreation in the manner most" agreeable to themselves, as long as they remain within the limits of the law ? What right has it to make un-just discriminations between its citizens, legislating only in favor of orthodox church people, and cruelly disregarding the rights of those who are just as loyal as the church people, even though they do not share their peculiar, gloomy Puri-tanic Sabbath doctrines ?ŠOur Pulpit. THE only freedom which deserves the name, is of pursuing our own good in our own way, so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs, or impede their efforts to attain it. Each is the proper guardian of his own health, whether physical, mental, or spiritual. Mankind are greater gainers by suffering each other to live as seems good to themselves than by compelling each to live as seems good to the rest.ŠJohn, Stuart Mill. 