288 THE A.MERICA_N SENTINEL. VOL. 6, NO. 36. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 10, 1891. Norn:=-- Any one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having 'ordered it may know Alint it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not.ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they.take it from the post-office. THE Sun expresses the opinion that the same principle is involved in the question Of opening the World's Fair on Sunday, that was in opening the Metropolitan Museum of Art in this city on that day, and that it will be decided in the same way., IT is stated that the Mayor of Philadel-phia has ordered all the street =shoe-black-ing stands =in: that city closed on Sunday. The street cars, and excursion boats are still running, however, and the well-to-do church member still reads his Sunday paper; eats his elaborate Sunday dinner, and-  takes his Sunday drive, just as usual. IT is to the credit of the Pennsylvania Prohibitionists that at their recent State Convention the usual Sunday-law plank was omitted from the platform. A resolu-tion, independent of the platform, opposing the appropriation of the State funds for the. World's Fair if opened on Sunday, was offered, however, by a Forest County dele-gate, and was passed by the Convention. The platform was also given a religious coloring by this introduction The Prohibition Party of Pennsylvania, in Con-vention assembled, acknowledging Almighty God as the source of all power in government, do hereby declare. This is all right if rightly understood; but we fear that the Pennsylvania Pro-hibitionists do not intend it in the only sense admissible without letting down the bars to all the vagaries and abuses of so-called, Natibnal Reform. The danger which lurks 'in such resolutions is dis-cussed in an article on the first page of this paper..  THE Prohibition Convention at Albany, on the 3d inst., set forth this declaration: The Prohibition Party of the State of New York, in Convention assembled, acknowledge allegiance to Almighty God as Governor of the Nation. There are some necessary deductions to be made from this, that possibly our Pro-hibitionist friends have not thought of. If God is the Ruler of this Nation it follows that those who make and adminis-ter the laws of the Nation are simply his vicegerents. The Prohibitionists are striving after  the power to make and administer the laws. It follows that they propose to rule as God's vicegerents. The claim is neither better nor worse than that of the Papacy, for it is the same. Ł Ł Ł  IF the Prohibitionists wish to acknowl-edge God in a way that will not involve the monstrous assumption of divine' right, let them adopt the immortal words of the Declaration of Independence :Š We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, govern-ments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed. And let them further declare that as the blessings of civil government are for all men,Šfor both the just and the un-just, alike for the servant of God and for him that serveth him not,Šand that as only a small minority of the race or of any nation have ever been truly the serv-ants of God, and so, for the most part; civil government is necessarily in the hands of men who really know not God, it is manifest that in civil affairs men are to be governed only by the law of natural rights; that this, alone is the higher law to which all human law should conform, because it is the only law that the natural man can properly appreciate and rightly interpret; and because God in his infinite wisdom has made it ample for all the needs of human government, and is truly honored by obedience to it. .- Two or three weeks since we noted the fact that on certain excursion boats owned by Brooklyn church members, dancing was prohibited on Sunday, but that the boats made their trips to Rockaway Beach on that day as usual, and beer was sold at the bar the same as on other days. The pious (?) owners could tolerate Sunday excursions and even Sunday liquor selling, but drew the line at Sunday dancing ! The same monstrous inconsistency is ob-servable at North Beach, Long Island. The razzle-dazzles, the merry-go-rounds, the toboggan, slide, the Wild West show, and numerous other nickel-catching de-vices run full blast, and even the saloons are open on Sundays as on other days, but the authorities draw the line at . dan-cing, and it is prohibited on Sunday! Such facts simply emphasize the absurdity of Sunday laws in general, and of such Sunday regulations in particular. SEPTEMBER 1, the Police 'Commissioners of this city passed a mild resolution de-claring that the Board " disapproves in general of any action on the part of the force partaking of the character of sneaks or spies, or of acting in a surreptitious manner in the discharge of , its duty."  This resolution which ought to have been passed long ago, will operate to prevent such disgraceful arrests as those noted in these columns two weeks ago. The ac-lion had special reference to a contempt-: ible system of .espionage upon saloons, a system that while accomplishing noth-ing for the cause of temperance was de= moralizing the guardians of the peace of the city; but it will doubtless serve to protect from. police outrage small shop-keepers, and other dealers in useful com-modities. NATIONAL Reformers and American Sabbath Unionists have denied that per-secution would result from the success of their movement, but such denials amount to nothing; and the fact remains that the logic of their scheme stops nothing short of persecution for conscience' sake. Of course they would not call fines and im-prisonment persecution. The Catholics never persecuted! they only adjudged people to be guilty of violation of the civil law,' and then turned them over to the civil authorities to be punished for the good of the State, and as a warning to evil doers! And this is just what the Na-tional Reformers and the American Sab-bath Unionists propose. They would not persecute; no, not they ; they would only have the civil authorities punish by fines, imprisonment, and disfranchisement, those who do not readily submit themselves to the proposed regime. EVERY one should read the article on "another page, "Lakeside and National Reform." It reveals clearly the knavery of some who are posing before the world and the Church as the apostles of " re-form " in the interests of the " poor work-- ingman," but who are in reality seeking to establish on American soil a despotism as cruel as any that ever cursed the priest-ridden countries of Europe. " WE cannot take a single step in the teaching of religion without injury. We have no right in this country, which in-vites all persons of all creeds, to set up one of our religious notions as against the religious notions that any one else may honestly hold. Just as far as we do it just so far we encroach on the stability which is the basis of our Government." THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EMELT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the - United States Constitution as It is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainteŁ. nonce of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of church and State, either in name or lit fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1.00 In clubs of 2 to NO copies, per year, each, - - - - -90e. In o'ubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 76c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York. 