"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 9. NEW YORK, JULY 26, 1894. NUMBER 30.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED 'WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JON ES, KDITORS. CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A. F. BALLENGER, - - Assispern EDITOR. THERE is another passage of scripture, in the same line of things as that noticed last week, that so fully describes the pres-ent situation, in another phase of it, that it is worth noting. ALL men see the way that things are going, and they know that the times are perilous, and they resort to combinations of different sorts by which, if possible, to save themselves from results which they see must certainly follow, even viewed from the standpoint of the world. The laborers combine in unions, leagues, etc., to save themselves from what seems to them must certainly come. The farmers do the same, and the capitalists do the same. Now, in the eighth chapter of Isaiah, this course of things is described, and the word says: " Associate yourselves, 0 ye people, and ye shall be broken in pieces; and give ear, all ye of far countries: gird yourselves, and ye shall be broken in pieces; gird yourselves, and ye shall be broken in pieces. Take counsel together, and it shall come to nought; speak the word, and it shall not stand: for God is with us. For the Lord spake thus to me with a strong hand, and instructed me that I should not walk in the way of this people, saying [that is, the Lord says to us], Say ye not, A confederacy, to all them to whom the people shall say, A confederacy; neither fear ye their fear, nor be afraid. Sanctify the Lord of hosts himself; and let him be your fear, and let him be your dread. . . . And I will wait upon the Lord, that hideth his face from the house of Jacob, and I will look for him." Isa. 8: 9-17. THUS it is clearly shown that in the time of waiting and watching for the coming of the Lord, there will be this time of general distress and fear, in view  of what is coming; and also this time of association and combination and confed-eration of many together to save them-selves from that which they fear. It shows also that none of these associations, combinations, or confederacies will help those who enter into them. But the word which they speak " shall not stand; " the counsel which they take together will " come to nought; " and the combinations which they make, and even they, them-selves, in those confederations, " shall be broken in pieces." No, no. Confederation or association of men will not save them in this time. Every effort made in that way will only increase the trouble and the danger which they hoped to escape. This also is appar-ent to every one who looks at these things as they are to-day; for never was there a time in the world when there were such vast combinations of capital, and never was there a time when capital was so insecure. Never were there such vast organizations and combinations of labor, and never was labor in a worse plight. Unions, federations, combinations, will not help matters. These evils will grow worse and worse. Men themselves will grow worse and worse. 2 Tim. 3: 1-5, 13. And by no combination or invention can men save themselves from themselves. NONE but the Lord can save, even tem-porally, in this time. Therefore, in the presence of these things, when men are in fear and in dread, their hearts moved as the trees of the wood are moved with the wind, He counsels us, " Stablish your hearts," let your hearts be fixed, so that you shall be safe and unmoved when others are in fear and in dread. " Sanc-tify the Lord of hosts himself; and let him be your fear, and let him be your dread. And he shall be for a sanctu-ary," that is, for a refuge, a place of safety and security, a dwelling-place, a shelter in the time of storm. For, " he that dwelleth in the secret place of the Most High shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty;" and in the shadow of his wings can we make our refuge till these calamities be overpast. ANOTHER scripture in this line, worthy  of note, is in Habakkuk, first and second chapters. There, in the first chapter, is related how that in vision the Lord caused the prophet to see violence and strife, grievances and contentions, injustice and oppression. " 0 Lord, how long shall I cry, and thou wilt not hear! even cry out unto thee of violence, and thou wilt not save! Why dost thou shew me iniquity, and cause me to behold grievance ? for spoiling and violence are before me: and there are that raise up strife and conten-tion. Therefore the law is slacked, and judgment doth never go forth: for the wicked doth compass about the righteous; therefore wrong judgment proceedeth." Verses 2-4. In astonishment the prophet inquired how that the Lord, who is of purer eyes than to behold evil, and cannot look upon iniquity,Šhow he could look upon such a scene as this and not do something; how he could keep silence while there was such treacherous dealings, and the wicked devouring the man who is more righteous than he. Verses 13-15. AFTER the prophet had presented thus his earnest inquiry, he says : " I will stand upon my watch, and set meŁ upon the tower, and will watch to see what he will say unto me, and what I shall answer when I am reproved. And the Lord an-swered me, and said, Write the vision, and make it plain upon tables, that he may run that readeth it. For the vision is yet for an appointed time, but at the end it shall speak, and not lie: though it tarry, wait for it; because it will surely Come, it will not tarry. Behold, his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him: but the just shall live by his faith." In Hebrews 10: 36, 37, this passage of scrip-ture is applied directly to the coming of the Lord in these words: " For ye have need of patience, that, after ye have done the will of God, ye might receive the promise. For yet a little while, and he that shall come will come, and will not tarry. Now the just shall live by faith: but if any man draw back, my soul shall have no pleasure in him." IN Habakkuk, the counsel of the Lord to the prophet proceeds to describe those men who enlarge their desire as the grave (which is one of the things that never 