202 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL,. stead of God. For, if it is right tins t the Govern-ment should establish the observance of days, then .all good citizens ought to obey the laws of the Government and observe such days; and if the Government has the right to establish the observ-ance of a day, then it has a right to change that observance and to place it upon some other day. Would Mr. Crafts and his co-workers in the so-called National Reform movement be willing to keep Wednesday or Friday if the Government should require it ? Certainly not. They would immediately insist with great vehemence that their religious liberty was infringed, but it would no more be infringed than is the liberty of the sev-enth-day worshiper who is also required to rest on Sunday. But it may be urged, and it is urged, that if an exemption clause is inserted in the bill, nobody's liberty is infringed. But this cannot be admitted for a moment. If the State has a right to require the man who has no conscientious regard for any day to rest upon a certain day, then it has the same right to require the man who has a consci-entious regard for one day to rest upon some other day. In matters of conscience there must be abso-lute equality. We cannot say that because a man is an infidel he has not as good right to his con-victions, or to his doubts, if you please, as the man who is either professedly or virtually a Christian; for if the Government has a right to discriminate and to say that Christians have certain rights that non-Christians have not, it follows that the Government must decide who are Christians, and who are not Christians; but in order to arrive at such a decision, the Government must first estab-lish a standard of Christianity, and that would be simply to establish a State religion ; which is in fact the very thing the National Reformers de-mand. Thus, it appears, that looking at it from any standpoint whatever, Sunday laws are unjust and oppressive. They destroy personal responsi-bility to God, put the Government in the place of God, and infringe the personal rights of the sub- ject. C. P. BOLLMAN. r Ł . Another Display of Colors. THE Chicago District Committee of the Ameri-can Sabbath Union have undertaken the work of advising the Postmaster-General as to his duties. From an "open letter" of the committeee to Mr. Wanamaker, we clip the following We submit to your consideration the following points as some of those on which orders or recommen-dations from you ought to bring the postal service more fully into harmony with the proper uses of the civil Sabbath as a day on which the Government should protect its citizens against interruptions of their rest and worship,: 1. No postoffice to be opened at the usual hours of worship. 2. No postal employes required to be on duty at hours that would take from them the opportunity to attend church. 3. Stamp clerks to be entirely free from Sunday work. 4. Mail bearing special delivery stamp to be uni-formly held in the office as other mail, unless person-ally called for. 5. No mail matter except letters to be stamped or sorted on the Sabbath. 6. Any postoffice to be wholly closed on the Sab-bath where a majority of the people of legal age peti-tion for such closing. It is not so much the language of the sugges-tions as.the fact of their being made, to which at-tention is called. This " open letter " is a mild attempt to operate on the line marked out by  Rev. Sam Small, an ardent National Reformer and popular "revivalist." His idea of a Reform Government is thus expressed :Š "I want to see the day come when the church shall be the arbiter of all legislation, State, national and municipal; when the great churches of the country can come together harmoniously and issue their edict, and the legislative powers will respect it and enact it into laws." Of course the Postmaster-General has not legis-lative powers, but the principle is the same. And then, as Mr. Crafts said on the occasion of the drafting of the committee's open letter, " it is a fact that the Postmaster-General has the most au-tocratic powers of any officer under the United States Government, and he could order the com-plete cessation of labor in all departments of the mail service on the Sabbath, but such an order would not be permanent as would a law of Con-gress." The Reformers, knowing that they have a strong sympathizer in the person of an officer holding " autocratic powers," cannot forego the experiment of trying the influence of the church. So with every favorable turn in their affairs, the real spirit of their movement becomes more and more manifest. A Lutheran Minister on National Reform. " WOULD the success of the National Reform movement lead to a union of Church and State?" is the title of an essay read by Rev. Carl Acker-mann, before the Lutheran Conference at Loudon-ville, Ohio, January 15, 1889, and published by request of the Conference in the Lutheran Stand-ard, Columbus, of April 27, May 4, and May 11, from which we take the following extracts which are worthy, as is indeed the entire essay, of a careful perusal:Š Both Church and State have important fields of action in the affairs of men, and both are divinely ordered. . . . God himself has in-stituted the powers that be. "Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God ; the powers that be are ordained of God." Rom. 13: 1; compare Prov. 8 :.15, 16. The principles underlying the founda-tion of government are as immutable as the Almighty himselfŠthey are the principles of right and justice, and have their origin in God. And the application of these principles defines the sphere of the State's activity. Professor Schuette in his " State, Church, and School," de-fines this activity as follows: "The object and duty of the State may be designated as that of protection. The Government must secure the in-dividual subject against injury to his person, property, reputation, and business; establish the limits of free action and protect him in the en-joyment of it within the lines so marked out. It must defend him against all undue interference with the exercise of his religion and with the government of his family. It must insure to him safety and liberty of action in his social and religious connection and intercourse. . . . From this definition it is clear that the province of the State's activity is the defense of man in his outward relations to his fellow-man, to protect him from harm and injury which may be inflicted on him, and to demand that, in all his actions, he take cognizance of the rights and privileges of others. It takes into consideration his relation to society. . . . The work of the State is to supervise the life of citizens and to legislate and enforce those things which are necessary for up- holding right and punishing crime."ŠRev. J. A. Scold Jr., in, Christian, at Work. "The civil law extends over the body of man, his property, and whatever is external on earthŠno farther."ŠLuther. The sphere of activity for the church is upon a different plane. She takes into consideration the spiritual wants of man. . . . For that purpose God has also given the church the neces-sary means. By inspiration he guided the prophets and apostles to record his holy will. And by his Spirit he makes that inspired Word a power of God to break the heart of stone and new create it unto life and immortality. But it must be proclaimed, and to proclaim and teach the Word for the above purpose, is the God-given sphere of the church's activity. Her commission was: "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature" (Mark 16: 15), and that same commission stands to-day. With the Word as the sword of the Spirit she is to do her work, and with it alone. "After that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God- by the foolishness of of preaching to save them that believe." 2. Cor. 1: 21. To the church alone belongs this office. She is to Christianize men, not by force of arms or human agencies, but by and through the Word. Force may bring forth a confession of Christianity, but only the Word can change the heart. Word and sacrament are the only means of grace, and therefore the only means which the church can and dare use in her work of grace. " Her career lies within the kingdoms of earth, but is not of them." As already stated, then, both Church and State are of divine origin, and have at least in so far a common object that they both seek the welfare of man and the glory of God. But "one is estab-lished by God as the Creator, and is therefore pre-eminently a dominion of his creative power and of providential wisdom and goodness; the other is established by God as the Redeemer, and is therefore a kingdom in which his grace and sanctifying power especially preponderate." "The ministry of the one is to sanctify and save man in soul and body; the ministry of the other is to protect him in his outward relations, actions, possessionsŠto prosper him in his earthly call-ing." When we come to apply these principles to the work of the National Reform Association, we are met at the outset with a denial of any inten-tion on their part of a union of Church and State, a denial which has been reiterated time and again. . . . But let us hear what National Reformers understand by Religion and State:Š " Church and State is always an unmixed evil ; but religion and State is another thing. That is a good thingŠand that is what we aim to make a feature of our institutions, and we are going to have it. " It is just possible that the outcry against Church and State may spring rather from hatred to revealed religion than from any intelligent patriotism. But where is the sign, the omen, of such Church and State mischief coming upon us? Who will begin and who will finish this union of Church and State ? If you' think the Roman Catholic can do it in spite of the watchfulness of Protestants; or that one Protestant sect can do it amid the jealousy of all the other sects; or that all these sects will combine to effect a joint union with the State, you have a notion of human nature different from what I have. Church and State in union, then, are forever impossible here, and were it ever so easy, we all repudiate it on principle. There are enduring, ever valid reasons against it. But re-ligion and State is another thing. That is possible. That is a good thingŠand that is what we aim to 