300 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. "With Prosperity, Why Strikes ?" is the heading of an article in a prominent religious paper. "The year 1900, whose name is a synonym for general prosperity, is having labor strikes by the dozen," says the jour-nal referred to. "The New England granite-cutters, the machinists, 6o,000 employes of Chicago building contractors, the grain shovelers, coal miners, and street railway men, inaugurated strikes early in the year. The New York Central Railroad has a strike on hand, which threatens to spread to other roads. May Day brought news of strikes from all over the countryŠstrikes of carpenters, plumbers, brewery engineers, telegraphers." This is not overdrawn. The outlook is certainly ominous. Nor does it help matters to say that "times are prosperous" and that "the reasons for these strikes must be looked for above the stomach," as does the paper from which we quote. It may be true as stated by a prominent professor in the Boston University, after making a careful study of the subject, that "enough food is wasted in Boston to feed the whole of Greece. Probably the working-men of Europe might almost be fed on what American workingmen waste," and that "the poorer classes of foreign laborers that come here do at first live on what the American laborer would despise to eat." But the fact remains that hundreds of thousands of laboring people are dissatisfied. If indeed it be true that no adequate cause for this discontent exists, then it is all the more ominous, since all the more difficult, if not impossible, to apply a remedy. It is to be suspected, however, that the assumed "general prosperity" spoken of is felt more by certain classes than by the masses of the people. No, Horse Trading on Sunday. Justice Dooley, of this city, took occasion on theinst., to express his opinion of alleged violators of the "Sabbath" recognized by the laws of this State and municipality. Two weeks before a number of men were severely reprimanded by his honor for selling and trading horses on Sunday close to a church. Abe Schaefer, 465 14th street, fell into the hands of Detectives Hagerman and King while trying to dispose of a horse May 6, When Schaefer was arraigned Justice Dooley said : "It is a shame that worshipers cannot pass through the streets on their way to church without encounter-ing these men who persist in carrying on their business in the public streets on Sunday." The magistrate then spoke severely to the prisoner and remarked that he ought to be fined $25 as a lesson to both himself and others. He did impose a fine of $1o, but allowed the prisoner to go on payment of costs. The justice certainly acted discreetly, since the im-position of a fine would very likely have resulted in an appeal, or commitment and habeas corpus' proceed-ings, and in the end his honor might have been com-pelled even to pay the costs. This was the result in the barber cases some years ago. In fact, that con-test left only enough of the Sunday law to enable "de-tectives" who are anxious to find somebody not under "police protection" whom they can arrest, to make trouble either for those who do not know their rights or are not able to go into court to defend them. Sunday Closing of Stores in Chicago. Several months ago nearly all the grocery stores and butcher shops in this city arranged to close on Sunday, and for a time the agreement was very gen- erally observed. Now, however, that warmer weather has come, some dealers are beginning to keep open as aforetime. The Evening News, the newspaper champion of the Sunday-closing movement, in its issue of May 7, gives this account of the matter : "Thinking that hot weather will afford an excuse for keeping their stores open on Sunday, one or two dealers in the northwest part of the city have removed the placards which for months have been displayed in their store windows. These announced that no more seven-day selling would be countenanced, and were hung up at a time when nearly every Chicago grocer and butcher was in a fervor of delight at the thought that at last they were to be permitted to rest every Sunday. "A few signed the agreement under protest, but these included the retailers in whose places of business the clerks were in nearly all cases children or relatives of the proprietors. And now it is asserted by several of this class, that during the sultry summer days they intend to keep their. stores open. As yet there has been but one violation of the agreement entered into with the clerks last winter. This is reported as having occurred with the opening of the butcher shop of Christopher Buehler, 246 Clark street. The announce-ment is made by officers of Washington Council, No. 17, of the Clerks' Association. A number of butchers, whose stores are in the vicinity of Buehler's, and who are opposed to an "open-door policy" on Sundays dur-ing the summer, as well as in cold weather, visited Buehler, when he first opened shop, and remonstrated with him. It is understood that no threats were made, but a peaceable effort to induce Buehler to stand firm met with failure. For fear that some of his competitors might do him injury, he visited, the Chicago avenue 'police station, yesterday afternoon and asked for police protection. Patrolman Clune was detailed on the mat-ter, but there was no violence." A subsequent issue of the News contains also the fallowing : "Grocers and marketmen in the vicinity of Ogden avenue and West 12th street assert that unless patrons are more consistent in their demands and in buying supplies Saturday night they will be compelled to 