iion of the United States; nor hall it be lawful for any per-ton or corporation to receive Pay for labor or service per-!maned or rendered in viola-: ion of this section. thereof, in any Territory, Dis-trict, vessel, or place subject to the exchisive jurisdiction of the United States; nor shall it be lawful for any person or corporation to receive pay for labor or service performed or rendered in violation of this section. SEC. 2. That no mails or nail matter shall hereafter be transported in time of peace ever any land postal-route, nor shall any, mail matter Ł be collected, assorted, handled, or delivered during any part et the first day of the week : Provided, That whenever any 'atter shall relate to a work of necessity or mercy, or shall concern the health, life, or de-.:ease of any person, and the fact shall be plainly stated mon the face of the envelope containing the same, the Post-master-General shall provide for the transportation of such "Ater or letters in packages :separate from other mail mat-ter and shall make regulations .,or the delivery thereof, the tame having been received at -ts place of destination before "he said first day of the week, 'wring such limited portion of ,..he day as shall best suit the dublic convenience and least .eterfere with the due observ-ance of the day as one of wor-ship and rest: And provided ;wilier, That when there shall :lave been an interruption in _he due and regular transmis--Ion of the mails, it shall be awful to so far examine the tame when delivered as to as-eertain if there be such mat- er for lawful delivery an the first day of the week. Sac. 3. That the prosecu--ion of commerce between the dates and with the Indian ribcs, the same not being -work of necessity, mercy, or aumanity, by the transporta-tion of persons or property by and or water in such way as , o Interfere with or disterb the e,ople in the enjoyment of the irst day of the week, or any ,)ortion thereof, as a day of rest from labor, the same not tieing, labor of necessity, mercy, r humanity, or its obtervance as a day of religious worship, ,s nereby prohibited; and any .'erson or corporation or the egent, servant, or employee of any person or corporation who -ball willfully violate this see-'ion, shall be punished by a ane of not less than ten or more than one thousand dol-ars, and no service performed in the prosecution of such pro-aibited commerce shall be law-:A nor shall any compensa-tion be recoverable or be paid for the same. SEC. 4. That all military and naval drills, musters, and earades, not in time of active service or immediate prepara-tion therefor, of soldiers, sail-ers, marines, or cadets of the Jutted States on the first day ef the week, except assemblies :or the due and orderly observ-ance of religious worship, are nereby prohibited ; nor shall any unnecessary labor be per-'armed or permitted in the military or naval service of the 'United States on the Lord's —lay. SRO. 5. That it shall be un-lawful to pay or to receive Payment or wages in any man-eel' for service rendered, or 'or labor performed, or for the ..ransPortation of persons or of property, in violation of the provisions of this act, nor shall any action lie for the reGOverY SEC. 2. That no mails or mail matter shall hereafter be trasported in time of peace over any land postal-route, nor shall any mail matter be collected, assorted, handled, or delivered during any part of the first day of the week : Provided, That whenever any letter shall relate to a work of necessity or mercy, or shall concern the health, life, or de-cease of *any person, and the fact shall be plainly stated upon the face of the envelope containing the same, the Post-master-General shall provide for the transportation of such letter or letters in packages separate from other mail mat-ter and shall make regulations for the delivery thereof, the same having been received at its place of destination before the said first day of the week, during such limited portion of the day as shall best suit the public convenience and least interfere with the due observ-ance of the day as one of wor-ship and rest : And provided further, That when there shall have been an interruption in the due and regular transmis-sion of the mails it shall be lawful to so far examine the same when delivered as to as-certain if there be such mat-ter therein for lawful delivery on the first day of the week. SEc. 3. That the prosecu-tion of commerce between the States and with the Indian tribes, the same not being work of necessity, mercy, or humanity, by the transporta-tion of; persons or property by land or water in such way as to interfere with or disturb the people in the enjoyment of the first day of the week, or any portion thereof, as a day of rest from labor, the same not being labor of necessity, mercy, or humanity, or its observance as a day of religious worship, is hereby prohibited; and any person or corporation, or the agent, servant or employee of any person or corporation who shall willfully violate this sec-tion, shall be punished by a fine of not less than ten or more than one thousand dol-lars, and no service performed in the prosecution of such pro-hibited commerce shall be law-ful, nor shall any compensa-tion be recoverable or be paid for the same. SEC. 4. That all military and naval drills, musters, and parades, not in time of active service or immediate prepara-tion therefor, of soldiers, sail-ors, marines, or cadets of the United States, on the first day of the week, except assemblies for the due and orderly observ-ance of religious worship, are hereby prohibited; nor shall any unnecessary labor be per-formed or permitted in the military or naval service of the United States on the first day of the week. SEC. 5. That it shall be un-lawful to pay or to receive payment or wages in any man- Ł ner for service rendered, or for labor performed, or for the transportation of persons or of property, in violation of the provisions of this act, nor shall any action lie for the recovery 36 THE AMERICAN srNiTiNm.j. thereof, and when so paid, thereof, and when so paid, whether in advance or other-  whether in advance or other-wise, the same may be recov-  wise, the same may be recov-ered back by whoever shall ered back by whoever shall first sue for the same. first sue for the same. SEC. 6. That labor or serv- SEC. 6. That labor or serv- ice performed and rendered ice performed and rendered on the first day of the week on the first day of the week in consequence of accident, in consequence of accident, disaster, or unavoidable de-  disaster, or unavoidable de-lays in making the regular lays in making the regular connections upon postal-routes connections upon postal-routes and routes of travel and trans-  and routes of travel and trans-portation, the preservation of portation, the preservation of perishable and exposed prop-  perishable and exposed prop-erty, and the regular and nec-  erty, and the regular and nec-essary transportation and de-  essary transportation and de-livery of articles of food in con-  livery of articles of food in con-dition for healthy use, and such dition for healthy use, and such transportation for short dis-  transportation for short dis-tances from one State, District, tances from one State, District, or Territory into another State, or Territory into another State, District, or Territory as by District, or Territory as by local laws shall be declared to local laws shall be declared to be necessary for the public be necessary for the public good, shall not be deemed vio-  good, shall not be deemed vio-lations of this act, but the lations of this act, nor shall same shall be construed so far the provisions of this act be as possible to secure to the construed to prohibit or to whole people rest from toil sanction labor on Sunday during the first day of the by individuals who conscien-week, their mental and moral tiously believe in and observe culture, and the RELIGIOUS OB-  any other day than Sunday SERVANCE OF THE SABBATH DAY. as the Sabbath or a day of re- ligious worship, provided such labor be not done to the dis- turbance of others. It will be noticed, first, that a conspic-uous change has taken place in the intro-ductory clause which defines the purpose of the bill. As originally defined, its purpose was "to secure to the people the enjoyment of the first day of the week, . . and to promote its observance as a day of religious worship." Now it is merely " to secure to the people the privileges of rest and of religious worship" on that day, "free from disturbance by others." The religious phase of the bill has disappeared entirely. It is now in-tended only as a mild and beneficient civil regulation, having in view the laudable object of securing to the people the priv-ileges of undisturbed rest and religious worship on the first day of the week, of which it seems they have in some way been deprived ! This great change having been made in the object for which the bill was framed, we naturally look for a corresponding change in the bill itself. But here a strange fact presents itself; there is no change in the body of the bill at all. The same measures which one year ago would accomplish the object of securing to the people the enjoyment of the Lord's day as a day of rest, and promote its observance as a day of religious worship, are now considered necessary merely to give people a chance to rest and worship undisturbed ! All those Ł little phrases which upon the first appearance of the bill stamped it as a religious measure, have been pruned off, and it now appears labeled, " civil regula-tion." But it is the same old bill, impos-, ing the same restrictions and exacting the same penalties. The change of label does not make it more desirable, or any less deserving of universal and uncompromis-ing opposition. Another strange thing which the above comparison brings out, is the sudden  change which seems to have taken place in the public conception of the first day of the week. Only one year ago this day was as the bill stated, "commonly known as the Lord's day ;" now the first day of the week is "commonly known as Sun-day." It must be that the secularization of the day is indeed taking place at a rapid rate! It is further noticeable that the authors of the bill in its present form have pro-vided it with the semblance of an exemp-tion clause for those who observe some other than the first day of the week. In the latter half of the last section it is stated that the bill shall not be construed "to prohibit Or to sanction labor on Sun-day by individuals who conscientiously believe in and observe any other day than Sunday as the Sabbath or a day of relig-ious worship." There immediately follows, however, the qualifying clause, "provided such labor be not done to the disturbance of others." By referring to the first sec-tion, we find that all that the bill requires of any one, observer of Sunday or non-observer, is that he shall not engage in labor on that day to the disturbance of others.' The bill when it was before the last Congress, contained the same pro-vision. 'The propriety of the term " sem-blance," as used above, is therefore evident. The bill virtually says, with true National Reform generosity, that where persons religiously observe any other day than Sunday, they shall not, on this account, be prohibited from labor and recreation entirely, but shall have the same privilege which all others enjoy of engaging in such labor and recreation on Sunday as will not be to the disturbance of others! This is doubtless in the line of those "concessions" of which we have heard from Mr. Crafts and others, and for which, as he says, observers of the seventh day have never shown any great disposition to be thank-ful. It is hardly necessary to say that the thin secular guise in which this bill now makes its appearance, does not make it any less worthy of the strenuous opposi-tion of every patriotic and liberty-loving American citizen than it was before this guise was assumed. The' character and intent of the bill were plainly shown when it was introduced as a bill to "promote" the observance of the "Lord's day" as "a day of religious worship;" and the addi tion which the past year has made to the stock of wisdom of its originators, comes too late to make its secular guise effective. The bill is the same now that it was when first introduced, and in the opposition which we trust will be brought against it from all' quarters, its advocates will have to meet this fact, and with it the stigma which must in every candid mind attach to their work, as a result of their manifest hypocrisy.ŠReview and Herald. " My kingdom is not of this world." 