BINDING. z Imperial. Seal, Tuck Edges, known as the "Divinity Circuit," Leather Lined, Round Corners, Red under Gold Edges. This is a regular $8 Bible, The Bible Closed. 720 AMERICAN SENTINEL. A MARVEL IN BIBLE MAKING. Large Type 5. 5. Teachers SP.,F=PIZONOUNCING COMBINATION BIBLE. MARK Containing the King James and the Revised Versions on the Same Page. Showing in Simple Form all Changes, Additions and Omissions, and Enabling ail Readers to See at a Glance wherein the Two Versions Differ. Both Versions Combined Without Duplicating. The King James Version, set in full and conforming exactly to the Oxford Teachers' Edition, and, wherever a change occurs, the letters r. v., referring to a foot-note at the bottom of the page, showing the reading as it appears in the Revised Version. Thus, in the same book, we have both the King James and the Revised Versions, complete and intact, without materially increasing the size of the volume or reducing the size of the type. Both printed together in the same column, showing the di)erences at a glance, and enabling the reader to practically read both at one and the same tune; or, in other words, consuming in the comparative reading of the two texts not more than one-half the time required in the old way. EITHER VERSION ALONE OR BOTH TOGETHER. The great point of excellence in this arrangement is that while it enables one to read both. Versions in almost exactly the same time, it does not mar, or in any way hinder, the reading of the King James Version alone and independently, where one does not care to refer to the revisions. Ł How to. Read the Combination Bible. Below is part of page 6o8 of our Combination Bible. The following Key shows how it is to be read: KE YŠThe first RY on page 6o8 appears in verse 37 of the 9th chapter, before " domin-ion." In the King James Version the reading is " dominion over our bodies," etc. By referring to the foot-notes it will be seen that the word " dominion " is changed to "power." Hence the Revised Version reads " power over our bodies," etc. In the 38th verse the King James reads, "because of all this ; " by reference to foot of page it will be seen that the Revised Version reads, " yet for all this." In verse 28 there is an R0; which denotes an omission. Refer to the foot-notes and "(having)" will be found. Every omission is placed in a parenthesis in the foot-notes, and the Revised Version in this instance reads, "every one that had knowledge and understanding." Thus it is seen that the Revised Version is easily read in connection with the King James Version. The system is so simple and so easily understood that no reader finds any difficulty in comparing one version with the other. Specimen of Type used in the S. S. Teachers' Combination Bible. Size of Page 5 x 734  inches. They that sealed the covenant. . NEHEMIAH, X. The points of the covenant. they have ry /dominion. over our bod- B. c. 445. all they that had separated them-les, and over our cattle, at their plea- f Deut. 28. selves from the "people of the lands sure, and we are in great distress. 48. unto the law of God, their wives, their 38 And ry because of all this we g  21°1129.21  ' a  sons, and their daughters, every one 2 Chr.  g make a sure covenant, and write it; 10; 34. 31. r v ha  ving knowledge, and "having Ezra 10. 3. and our princes, ry Lefvites, and ch.10.29. understanding ; 2 Rela. are at ry priests, 2  k  seal unto it. the sealing, 29 They crave to their brethren, CHAPTER X. ells/1  e  ge  t their nobles, gaud entered into a  1 The names of;37gnmistr seatedcocovenant. Gods 2.) curse, and. into an oath, At° walk in  Something unique, GocPs law, which was given 5  by ME'- NOW 3  those that sealed were, 3 EEO). at the sealings, ch. 9. 38. seg the servant of God, and to ob- and a good one. a Ne-he-milah, 4  the Tiesha a ch. 8. 9. serve and do all the commandments tha, b the son of J-Thrh-a-rilah, and 4 Or, the of the LORD our LORD, and his judg- Z1d-klijah, D eh. 1. 1. governor. ments and his statutes ; 2 C SOr-prifah, ilz-a-ii'ah, J'er-e-mlf- See eh' 12' 30 And that we would notgive i our on receipt of only 1-. ah, daughters unto the "people of the 3 POshldr, Am-a-rilah, Ml-chi/jah, land, nor take their daughters for 4 HOtItu,sh, Sh'eb-a—-nliah, Milluch, our sons : 5 11Wrim, Mee-moth, 0-ba-drah, 31 k And if the" people of the land. 6 Mule', ain/n5,-thon, Baruch, bring ware or any victuals on the 7 1115-sh011lam, A-biljah, 1Vlifa,-min, sabbath day to sell, that we would not 37 power 38 yet for all thisŠourŠour 9 namely, I forgo 33 mealŠ(an) 34 (the)Š(among)ŠaebormbeŠ Agents Wanted. bad Š (having) 30 peoples 31 peoples Š(it) ŠaŠ Jeshua etc. 14 chiefs 28 NethinimŠpeoplesŠthat I to our fathers' houses, 35 manner of trees, Address, Pacific Press Publishing Co., 39 Bond St., New York. It will be mailed postpaid $4.00. 