14 tglINTIPEINTIHALt., VoL. 10, No. 2. portant items: the one infallibly determin-ing what are the public forms of religion; the other what is " to treat them with contempt." When it shall have infallibly determined these two particulars, two others will necessarily claim its attention. The first, with what penalty shall these laws be enforced,Šprotecting the public forms of religion from contempt,Šwhether by fine, imprisonment, torture, or death, etc. ? And secondly, who shall be employed to bring the guilty to punishment ? These four things are indispensibly necessary to carry Mr. T.'s principle of coercion into effect. What are the public forms of religion ? Mr. T. mentions but one; viz., the obser- vance of a Sabbath. But, having sum-moned ABODE and. F to deliberate on this question, they agree on the following as among the public forms of .religion, viz., the observance of a Sabbath, baptism, the holy supper, standing in prayer in the congregation, singing aloud in church, fast days, tithes, or the paying of stipends to the clergy, going to meeting every Sab-bath, fast day, and preparation, creeds, confessions, and public forms of sound words. To these A was for adding a dozen more, and D five, but when put to vote, only the above items carried. It was found that in order to unanimity a pope was necessary. To ,,show the correctness of the above remark, and to demonstrate that Timothy has had and yet has the majority on his side, I will add a few questions, and reserve for another number, the further exposure of his fourth argument. From the Boston Centinel, June, 1821 :Š In the late amendments to the constitution of this State it was proposed to repeal that part of the dec-laration of rights which invested the legislature with authority to enforce an attendance upon the instruc-tion of public worship. This amendment being  re-jected, the people determined that the old provisions on the subject of public worship and religious freedom. are sufficient, that people ought to be e,Ompelled to go to church. This is an excellent way to protect the public forms of religion from contempt ! Timothy in the majority and Candidus in the minority in this instance. From the constitution of Massachusetts, Third Article :Š The people of this commonwealth have a right to invest their legislature with power to authorize and require, and the legislature shall, from time to time, authorize and require, the several towns, parishes, precincts, and other bodies politic or religious societies, to make suitable provision at their own expense for the institution of the public worship of God, and for the support and maintenance of public Protestant teachers, of piety, religion, and morality in all cases where such provision shall not be made voluntarily. An. excellent way to protect publicforms of religion from contempt ! Timothy in the majority, and Candidus in the minor- ity. From the " British Encyclopedia " :Š Ms hardly credible, but it is nevertheless a melan-choly fact that an ordinance against blasphemy and heresy was passed in May, 1648, by the influence of the Presbyterians then in Parliament; in which it was decreed that all persons who shall willingly maintain, publish or defend by teaching or writing that the Father is not God, that the Son is not God, that the Holy Ghost is not God; and that these three are not one eternal God; or that Christ is not God equal.with the Father;  shall upon complaint or proof, by oath, of two witnesses before the justice of the peace, be committed to prison without bail, or main-prize, till the next jail delivery; and in case the indictment shall then be found, and the party upon his trial shall not adjure the said error, he shall suffer the pain of death, as in case of felony, without benefit of the clergy. An excellent way to protect the forms of religion from contempt ! Timothy in the majority again, and where is poor Candidus ?ŠAlexander Campbell in Wash-ington (Pa.) Reporter, Oct, R2, 181. South African Correspondence. IN the great Arian controversy of the fourth century when the "powers that be " were trying to settle forever what mankind should believe in the realm of things religious, they 'debated long and fiercely as to whether Christ was of the same substance with his Father or of like substance. And thus it will ever be, so long as the civil powers meddle with re-ligious matters. While the courts of America are being called upon to deter-mine whether or not man has an immortal.  soul, the judiciary of these regions of the earth are being called upon to decide some perplexing questions as to what is sacred, and what is not. The most recent of these which has come to our notice occurred in Johannesburg, South African republic. At the last ses-sion of the Volksraad, they revised the Sunday law somewhat. Recently, Mr. Ernest Searelle, who, some time ago, cre-ated a great stir in Cape Town, by giving what he termed a " sacred concert " on Sunday, did the same in Johannesburg. He was arrested for violating the Sunday law, and arraigned before the Landrost. It appears that the question to be settled was whether or not the concert was sacred or profane, and whether the songs sung were sacred or otherwise. One of the lady singers said that on the evening in question she sang, " There She Goes," and " Phoebe Darling," and an ex-organist of St. Mary's Church was called in to give expert evidence as to whether the songs were sacred or secular. He said that the music might be either sacred or secular. If played slowly it would be sacred, if fast, secular. He then fur- ther added to their perplexity by say-ing that in the fifteenth century Freneb church-gnApq  u.ng gtreet  songs to Grego-rian tunes. Though in summing up he thought that " Phoebe Darling " might be 'considered sacred. When pressed to tell why he would not consider " There She Goes " sacred, he said, " On the face of it it hardly looks like it." Another singer admitted that she had sung " Good Old Zachariah." She held that the words were sacred, but that the music, perhaps, was not. Some songs, she said, which were sung on other days, were omitted entirely on Sundays, and in others, little words that they dare not use on Sundays, were left out. . That is to say, they sung the religious part of an irreligious song ! After all the evidence was in, the Land-rost, Mr. Van der Berg, concluded " that the intention of the Volksraad was to pro-hibit any music that had nothing to do with religion, and that that which was heard at the Variety Theater on the even-ing in question came under the category of that which was tabooed." His honor then sentenced Mr. Searelle to pay a fine of twenty-five dollars. An appeal has been taken to the high court, which will therefore be called upon to decide whether these songs in question are sacred or pro-fane, or whether they are both, as some testified. It appears that the Salvation Army will be involved in the matter before it is ended, as the defense claims that some of the songs sung by these warriors have rendered the dividing line between the sacred and secular obscure, and the army may all at once find out that what they thought were songs of Zion are of the earth earthy, and that they must no more chant them on Sunday night lest they  transgress the law by offending the moral sensibilities of the people. Comment on this judicial proceeding is quite useless. What a farce it must seem to all thinking minds to see those who attended the theater sitting around wait-ing till the court gets some expert testi-mony so it can decide as to whether they listened to a sacred or a profane entertain-ment, and therefore whether or not they are sinners ! It is the same controversy as in the fourth century. Now, as then, the spiritual guides having lost the power of godliness, find themselves unable to compete with a theater, ask the civil power to aid them by suppressing opposi-tion. I am decidedly opposed to theaters, but utterly fail to see why a theater is any worse on Sunday night than on Monday night, especially when it is remembered that Sunday is only the " wild solar hol-iday of all pagan times." Furthermore, I am a regular worshiper within the church, and have many times sat within its sacred walls while a theater was in full blast in the town, but this has never dis-turbed my devotions in the least. The aim of all such legislation is to exalt Sun-day, and fill the churches by so arranging it that there will be no other place to spend the day. G. B. THOMPSON. East London, S. Africa. Abridging the Freedom of the Press. ONE of the most dangerous measures ever introduced in Congress is a bill to amend and to reenact section 3,877 of the Revised Statutes of the United States. The bill was introduced by Mr. Weadock, of Michigan, and is now in the hands of the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads. section 3,877, which it is proposed to reenact and amend, defines second class mail matter, and Mr. Weadock's bill pro-poses to add to the existing provision 'the following :Š Any newspaper or other matter of the second class,  which advises, abets, or suggests the commission of any offense against any law of the United States, or any State or Territory, or any country with which we are at peace, shall be excluded from the mails. It is incredible that such a bill should ever become a law in " free America," and yet equally strange things have happened within the last half decade; and nobody can feel sure that Mr. Weadock's bill will not pass. But whether this bill passes or not, the fact that it has been introduced and is being seriously considered is omi- nous. An official censorship of the press is a thing utterly repugnant to the spirit of our free institutions, and yet that is just what this bill proposes to establish. Already inroads have been made upon the First Amendment to the Constitution, and this bill proposes a still further attack; for whereas the First Amendment provides that " Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or prohib-iting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech or of the press," this bill proposes to put a bridle upon the press by excluding from the mails every publi-cation of the second class which in the estimation of the postmaster-general shall advise, abet, or suggest the commission of any offense against any law of the United States, or of any State, or of any country with which we are at peace. For instance, the AMERICAN SENTINEL says that . Seventh-day Adventists cannot consistently obey Sunday laws. It would require no great stretch of the authority 