238 .A.IVIDEMIC NT .glEN-rjr1NE L 0 VoL. 10, No. 30. Either there is a divine requirement for the observance of Sunday or there is not. If there is, you can tell where to find it; but if there is not, and you are finally successful in secur-ing the passage of your bill for the observance of the first day of the week, an institution for Which there is ne divine requirement, neither in nature nor in Revelation, we ask, in all se-riousness, Are, you not, by that act, exalting yourself above God? You admit that there is a divine requirement for the observance of a day, but it is the SEVENTH DAY and not the first day of the week which is divinely required to be observed. And if this divine require-ment to observe the SEVENTH DAY has never been repealed, it certainly cannot honestly be cited as a divine requirement for the observ-ande of 'another day. We' ask again, Where is the divine require-ment for the observance of Sunday? We make bold to say there is no such requirement! And, therefore the question which we have put is a seriously pertinent one, viz., Are you not by trying to secure such a law, exalting your-self above God? And in a two-fold manner; for your effort is to secure a human law for the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, in opposition to the LAW OF GOD which requires the observance of Saturday, the SEV-ENTH DAY. Secondly, even though there were a divine requirement-  for the observance of Sunday, its divine character is entirely lost sight of through fear Of the human. It is servile bondage to the State when it should be voluntary service to God. Sabbath-keeping is a religious practice and wholly such. It is a duty to be rendered to God alone and not to Caesar,_ " He that regardeth the day, regard-eth it Unto the Lord; and he that regardeth not 'the day, to the Lord he cloth not regard it." The Lord will have volunteers only in his service, never conscripts. The Jew and others who observe the seventh day as the Sabbath, and with a divine require-ment to sustain them, too, are forced to act as it they, believe that Sunday is the sabbath when they know that there is no divine re-quirement for its observance. They are forced either to suffer the pains and penalties of civil law for disregarding a religious form of wor-ship, and that, too, entirely of human origin, or to. dishonor God by treating both days as if they were sacred when they know that God has blessed and sanctified but one day, and that the SEVENTH. The atheist, the infidel, and the non-professor are forced to dishonor God by appearing to reverence that :form of worship when they have no reverence nor respect for it whatever. The government does legislate to enforce a belief by enacting such a law. Ł Is it not because of your belief in the divine requirement that you seek to en-force the observance of the day? But whether the other man believes in it or not,- you pro-pose to make him act as if he does! You cer-tainly do propose that he shall conform his conduct to your belief. " There was a time when toleration was era ed as a boon; then it was demanded as .a right, but now it is spurned as an INSULT!" What, then, shall be said of intolerance? Of course, every man has the natural right, call it civil right if you like, to rest and wor-ship on the Lord's day; but that does not imply that he has the (un)civil right to com-pel every other man or any other man either to rest or to worship on that day. He can exercise his right to rest and worship on the Lord's day whether any other man in the world does or not. If the government treats the day as a civil institution merely, as you claim, civil people will not be annoyed nor disturbed by civil employment conducted in a civil manner on that day. Neither will a  Christian be disturbed by anything of that kind. . . . But there is no more reason for being dis-turbed by such things on the Lord's day than there is on the evening of a prayer-meeting. Is not Sunday treated as a civil day by the government? And is not common labor civil? It certainly is during six days of the week. Then why is -it not civil on the seventh? It is civil. How in reason can you make it ap-pear that civil employment on 'a civil day is uncivil? There is no more reason why a reli-gious meeting should profess to be disturbed by quiet, civil labor on the (civil?) Lord's day than there is for the sittings of Parliament or of the courts of justice to be disturbed by the same thing on other days of the week. When religious people allow themselves to be dis-turbed by civil things which do not disturb civil people, it looks as if there was something radically wrong with their religion, or else that these good religious people are practicing a deception by trying to secure a law under an assumed title. A Sunday law is a RELI-GIOUS law, not a civil law: and if the preach-ers do not know it, they ought to. The whole scope of Sunday laws is summed up in one word, religious restraint. Your bill is a measure calculated solely to impose religious restraint upon the people. It is a measure calculated to regulate the conduct of all so that they shall act as if they were in harmony with your religious belief. Has the government the right to enact such a law?ŠYes! It has the same right to enact a Sunday law that I, have to knock you down and rob you when there is no stronger power to restrain me; and I shall have to answer to God alone for the evil. So of the govern-ment; it has the right (the power, the freedom of choice), to commit itself to the wickedness of enacting a Sunday law, and there is no earthly power to hinder it; but there is a just God to whom the promoters of the evil act, AS INDIVIDUALS, must give account; and I pray you be warned in time. " It is a fear-ful thing to fall into the hands of the living God." Yes, the government has that kind of a right to enact a Sunday law, and we shall not attempt to resist it, because we are exhorted to be subject to the powers that be and not to resist them; but when once the evil thing is dofie, as, it surely will be done, and we are called upon to obey a human law in opposition to the law of God, to observe a counterfeit sabbath instead of the Sabbath of the Lord, to forfeit the right to work on Sunday, that which God himself not only did but com-manded us to do, we can but answer in the language of the apostles: " We ought to obey God rather than men," and suffer the conse-quences, leaving the higher powers to be dealt with by the highest power, .even the power of God. Yours for the right, EUGENE LELAND. 173 Dundas St., Toronto, Ont. LIBERTY of conscience requires liberty of worship as its manifestation. To grant the former and to deny the latter is to imprison conscience and to promote hypocrisy and infi-delity. Religion is in its nature voluntary, and ceases to be religion in proportion as it is forced. God wants free worshipers, and no others.ŠDr. Phili:p Schaff. MANY thus imagined that the-doctrine of the gospel, requires the support ort civil power. They know not that it advances out this power, and is of tek trammeled and en-feebled by. it.ŠD'Aubigne. ARE SUNDAY LAWS CONSTITUTIONAL? [From the New York World, duty 15.] SECTION 3, article 1, of the constitution of the State of New York says:Š The free exercise and enjoyment of religions pro-fession and worship, without discrimination or prefer-ence, shall forever be allowed in this State to all mankind. Is there, then, any constitutional :authority for our oppressive .Sunclay:laws ? ktbere not "discrimination and preferende" whew the leg-islature enjoins upon all the people the-Observ-ance of,a day as a "sabbath" or " holYtime," when only a part of the lieople believe— such observance to be morally or religiously obliga-tory ? Would not those who support the Sunday laws think their religious liberty en-croached upon if the legislature were to pass a law compelling them to observe the lgoham-medan sabbath, Friday,: as ﬂ holy time " ? Ł Would not every good and proper purpose of the Sunday laws be accomplished by 'a simple enactment making Sunday a legal hol-iday ? The shops voluntarily close and men voluntarily rest from their toil on the other legal holidays. Is not everything else in the Sunday laws directly violative of the constitutional provis-ion above quoted, and also of the underlying and binding principles on which the consti-tution rests ? Why should not these laws be set aside by the courts or repealed by the legislature ? Why should not enlightened and orderly citi-zens be freemen in fact.? " THE Supreme Court of our State, in passing -upon cases of this kind, involving the constitutional rights of those who believe in keeping the seventh instead of the first day of the week, has seen fit to make no exceptions in their favor; on the other hand, it has di-rectly and pointedly held that this belief is no bar to a prosecution for a violation of a Sun-day law. In addition to this, the last session of the General Assembly, with full knowledge of the fact that these people were being pros-ecuted under the Sunday law, refused to give them any relief by exempting them as has been done in many States. This fact is a source of regret to a large and respectable element of Christian people who adhere strictly to Sunday as the sabbath, but who believe that one of the corner-stones of Christianity itself is free-dom in matters of conscience."ŠFrom the sen-tence of Judge Parks, in the cases of the Ad-ventists now in jail at Dayton, Tenn. THE prosecution of the Adventists is for the avowed inirpose of crushing the rising denom-ination. But since the persecution began in 1885, although it has steadily increased, the denomination has more than trebled its num-bersŠa growth unequaled by any other church in the United States; thus illustrating the truth of 'Macaulay's words that the church " is in far greater danger of being corrupted by the alliance of power than crushed by its opposition." 