THE AlVtr.',RICAN SENTINEL- 5 sympathy for the "toiling multitudes." An-other was the "friend of the workingman," and if any people are the friends of the working-man, they are the ministers." And yet not one of them was there as the representative of the workingman, nor was it the needs of the workingman upon which the call of the Con-vention was based. When that which gave rise to the calling of the Convention was offi-cially stated, it was that " the Christian people of Sacramento had been disturbed in their worship, and their religious feelings had been Outraged by the disregard of the Sabbath; the Matter had come before the Pastors' Confer-, once; a correspondence opened with divines throughout the State on the subject of a Sun-day -law; and accordingly the present Con-vention had been called." And one of the principal speakers in the Convention, in the Ł speech.that Was the most applauded of any Made in the .Convention, said plainly that the movement was a religious one and that he was .decidedly opposed to divorcing it from a Chris-tian standpoint. It .was that "the Christian people" had been _disturbed in their " worship," and not that the workingmen had been deprived of ;their rest; it was that the "religious feelings" of "the, Christian people" had been outraged, and not that the workingman had been op-pressed, nor that his feelings had been out-'raged; it was with the "divines," and not with the workingmen throughout the State that a correspondence had been opened; it was these considerations and not the needs of the workingman that formed the basis of the call for the Convention. And yet in the face 'of these definite statements, some of these " divines " would get up in the Convention, and fish for the favor and try to catch the ear 'of the workingman, by trying to make it ap-pear that they came there as "the friends of the workingman." And, too, just think of a lot of ' divines " called in general convention to secure the en-actment of a Sunday_law to protect the " wor-ship ":and the "religious feelings" of "Chris-tian people ; " and then to fulfill the purpose, and to attain to the object of that call, they, in convention assembled, unanimously de-cide to go up to the Legislature and demurely ask for a law entirely civil! And why is this? Why could they not go to the Legislature in the name of that-purpose for which they were called? Oh, that would never do ! For if the word "civil" be stricken out, "you cannot reach the Legislature." Therefore just put in the word "civil and the purpose of the Convention will be accomplished, for we will get, all we want and the LegiSlature will not -Anow it." But the Legislature of California was not so exceedingly 'verdant as to be un-able to see through that piece of wire-work, so deftly woven by these worthy divines. The demand of these "Christian people" -for a Sunday law, because their worship was disttnrbed; is just as hollow a pretense as is any other part of their scheme. For if their Worship was really disturbed, they have al-ready, a sufficient,  resource. For the protec-VionŁ of religiOus worship from disturbance, the  statutes of California / make provision that ought to satisfy any ordinary mortal. Sec-tion 302 of the Penal Code of California reads as follows:Š "Every person who willfully disturbs or dis-quiets any assemblage of people met for relig-ious worship, by noise, profane discourse, rude or indecent behavior, or by any unnecessary noise either within the place where such meet-ing is held, or so near as to disturb the order and solemnity of the meeting, is guilty of a misdemeanor." And such misdemeanor is punishable by "imprisonment in a county jail not exceeding six months, or by a fine not exceeding five hundred dollars, or both."ŠId., sec. 19. Are'not six months in jail and a fine of five hundred dollars a sufficient punishment for the disturbance of worship? Or is this pen-alty so insignificant that these " divines " and " Christian people" disdain to inflict so light a punishment and therefore demand a Sun-day law to make the punishment heavier? But if the present penalty is insufficient to properly punish those who 'disturb their wor-ship, then what will satisfy these "divines "? Where the State chastises with whips, do they want to chastise with scorpions? Do they want to imprison a man for life and mulct him of all his property for disturbing (?) their worship by working on Sunday on his farm, in his shop or garden, far , away from any place of worship? We firmly believe that if the truth were told it would appear that it is not their worship at all but their doctrine that has been disturbed. Just a word more on their pretended friend-ship for the workingman. We freely hazard the opinion that if they should obtain the "civil" Sunday law which they seek, then the poor workingman; who, to support his needy family, should work on Sunday, will be pros-ecuted to the full extent of the law. We vent-ure this opinion because of facts of which we know. In Tennessee there were at that time lying 'in prison, honest, hard-working men, whose families were dependent upon their daily labor, and these men were in that prison for working on Sunday to obtain the necessary means to support their families, and while they were in prison their families were in want, and had to be supported by the charity of Christian friends. That is the kind of friendship for the workingman that is shown in the enactment of these "civil" Sun-day laws. And if the people of California, or in any other State, want to see the same thing repeated in their State, or in the Nation, then just let them allow these " divines " to secure the enactment of the "civil" Sunday law that they want. Then may be seen exemplified everywhere this solicitous friendship for the workingmen. One of the leading members of the Con-vention remarked that he had "been in poli-tics long enough to know that legislators keep their finger on the public pulse, and that they generally give what the people want." From our observations in the Convention, of the speeches4  and of its workings, we are prepared to give it as our private opinion, publicly ex- pressed, that the most of the members of the Convention have been in politics long enough' to know a good deal about the ways and means by which politicians too often compass their ends. A. T. J. -b.  Ł  I Religious Teaching in Secular Schools. THAT children should be taught religion, which with us means the essential doctrines' of Christianity, is a proposition advocated as strenuously by all classes of Protestants as it can be by the Romanists. The real question is, How can this best be done? Our minds should not be diverted from this main point. Rome claims that this religious education should be not only co-ordinate with the sec-ular, but intermingled with it in the instruc-tion of each day, and should form a part of the school curriculum, and must be under the supervision and control of her priests. In other words, that the State must provide for instruction in the tenets of each denomina-tion. She must do what she never has done Šrecognize denominational distinctions in,  her public policy. Certainly, when so radical a change is de-manded, very substantial and convincing rea-sons should be presented. It is not enough to appeal to denominational preferences or prejudices. It should be shown most clearly that such a method of combining the secular and religious in the same school, is the com-pletest way of imparting religious truth. And to persuade of this, we require more than philosophical argument. Facts should be ad-duced. We should inquire whether such a system has -been tried, and what have been the results. I propose to show that the ex-periment has been made under circumstances more favorable to success than we can inaug-urate in this country, and that the result is such as by no means to encourage us._ The idea which Rome advances has been worked out in Prussia on a Protestant .basis. And the statements I make are culled from a paper read before the Western College Association at Grinnell, Iowa, December 27,1882, by Prof. Hugh M. Scott, of the Chicago Theological Seminary. This is a paper which has not attracted the attention its importance deserves. 1. Let me present the principle. The funda-mental idea, as in every German school sys-tem, is that the nation is Christian in instincts, history, and aims, and therefore no plan of instruction is complete which does not include the thorough teaching of Christian doctrine and morals. Von Muhler, the Minister of Public Instruction, said in 1870: "An attempt to dissolve the intimate union between cult-ure and religion, between school , and church Ša union of more than a thousand years' growthŠwould be an impossibility." This was proposed in 1848, but dropped because of opposition throughout the country. The Con., stitution, he says, "determines that religious instruction shall not be given apart from the schools, but in the schools; and that the churches and religious societies shall have a Ł leading influence in giving such instruction. It desires to have confessional (denomina-tional) distinctions regarded, as far as possible , 