"If any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, I Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 10. NEW YORK, MARCH 14, 1895. NUMBER 11.  American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, A. F. BALLENGER, BEATEN AT ITS OWN GAME. THE Christian Statesman is badly fright-ened at the aggressions of Romanism. But who is the Christian Statesman ? The Christian Statesman is, and has been for more than twenty years, the mouth-piece of the National Reform Association, an organ-ization that has persistently denounced the Anierican idea of separation of Church and State as "political atheism." It is the mouth-piece of the organization that has demanded an amendment to the Constitution definitely declaring that this is a Christian nation, but leaving the question as to who are the Christians, to be settled by later enactments and decisions. The Christian Statesman and this association were the agencies which organized and led the forces which browbeat Congress into legislating on the question of which day is the Sabbath. The AMERICAN SENTINEL commenced its career by exposing the wickedness of the movement advocated by the Christian States-man. The SENTINEL pointed out that the principles advocated by the Statesman were essentially papal, and that the papacy would build on the foundation which was being laid by the Statesman and its constantly augment-ing forces. But instead of listening to our warning, the Statesman made overtures to the Roman Catholics in the following words:Š Whenever they [the Roman Catholics] are willing to cooperate in resisting the progress of political atheism, we will'gladly join hands with them. Papists were appealed to to help resist the progress of " political atheism " by securing from Congress a law recognizing Sunday as the Christian Sabbath. In the meantime the Supreme Court decided that " this is a Chris-tian nation." Armed with this remarkable decision, these Romanizing Protestants . re-doubled their exertions. Roman Catholic prel-ates were appealed to for assistance. They re-sponded and the conspiracy was successful. A stock argument of these compromising Protestants in their demand for national legis-lation enforcing Sunday observance was to point to the decisions 'of courts that Chris-tianity is a part of the common law, to State Sunday laws, to national and State Thanks-giving proclamations, and to the employment of chaplains by national and State govern-ments. The AMERICAN SENTINEL declared that all these things were violations of the spirit of the Constitution, and that, instead of de-manding more legislation on the strength of these violations of the spirit of the Constitu-tion, all these vestiges of the State-church polity of Europe should be abolished to har-monize with the Constitution. We declared that popular Protestantism in clinging to these vestiges of papal policy was nursing in its bosom the viper that would yet be used by the papacy to sting to death the principle of American liberty, and through America, the liberties of the world. And now we see our predictions being lit-erally fulfilled. We see Rome building on the platform so blindly laid and upheld by the Christian Statesman and its allies. Pope Leo XIII., the shrewdest political diplomat in the world, seeing that the time had come to strike a decisive blow at American liberty now so sorely wounded in the house of its friends, addressed an encyclical to the Amer-ican Government and people, through the American bishops, condemning the American idea of separation of Church and State. Here is a part of it :Š The church among you, unopposed by the Constitu-tion and Government of your nation, fettered by no hostile legislation, protected against violence by the common laws and the impartiality of the tribunals, is free to live and act without hindrance; yet, though all this is true, it would be very erroneous to draw the conclusion that in America is to be sought the type of the most desirable status of the church ; or that it would be universally lawful or expedient for State and Church to be, as in America, dissevered and divorced. . . . She [the Catholic Church] would bring forth more abundant fruits if, in addition to liberty, she en-joyed the favor of the laws and the patronage of public authority. A few compromised Protestants startled by this bold bid for the patronage of American law and public authority which they them-selves were earnestly laboring to obtain, ven-tured to criticise the pope's encyclical. But Rome expected this, and was ready for it. And what was her answer ? She simply  pointed to the platform which silly Protes-tants had themselves laid for her to build on. The following is The reply which, in substance, has appeared in nearly every Roman Catholic newspaper in the United States. Immedi-ately upon the publication of the encyclical, the " Very Rev. A. F. Hewitt, D, D., Supe-rior General of the Paulists," and editor of the Catholic TVorld, wrote this reply and had it telegraphed to the leading papers of the country :Š Our greatest jurists have declared that this is a Christian country. The Sunday is recognized and its observance protected by law. Thanksgiving and fast days are proclaimed by authority. Chaplains are ap- pointed in legislatures, in the army and navy. Col- leges, under the control of ecclesiastics, and institutes of charity have been liberally aided, and among these have been some institutions under the direction of Catholic authorities. There is nothing in this policy which is un-American. In this manner does Rome defend its claim to the favor of the laws and the patronage of public authority. And all those who have worked and are working for Sunday laws with which to force universal obedience to their misinterpretation of the fourth commandment, and are pointing to governmental chaplains, Thanksgiving proclamations, and court deci-sions that this is a Christian nation, as argu-ments in support of their claims,Šall such now stand stultified in the presence of Romish aggressions. But our readers will be interested in reading the pitiable wail of the Christian Statesman as it sees the papacy building on its founda-tion. And let it be remembered while the following is perused, that it is from the same pen and the same paper that in 1884 wrote and published the before-quoted petition to Roman Catholics, asking that they " cooperate in resisting the progress of political atheism;" which, being interpreted, was a request for Roman Catholic aid in breaking down the principle of separation of Church and State embodied in what they termed " that infidel document,"Šthe United States Constitution. We quote from the Christian Statesman, of Feb. 23, 1895:Š Romanism, with keen appreciation of the vast issues at stake, and with far-reaching calculations as to the future, is employing every possible means to gain and hold the commanding and decisive position when the crisis which is sure to come in our national life, shall be upon us. She is pouring in her millions of devotees from other lands to wield the sovereign ballot here. She is commanding them by her highest authority to take an active interest in political affairs, and to sub- EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR. 