588 AMERICAN SENTINEL. A CORRESPONDENT calls our attention again to the subject of faith as a cure for disease. A few weeks since, we mentioned the case of a young girl sick with typhoid fever in one of the villages on Long Island, whose parents refused to call a physician because they believed it wrong to employ any other means than prayer for healing the sick. We said that the remedies employed by those hav-ing a knowledge of physiological laws, in combatting disease, were from the Lord, and should be recognized and employed as such. To this our correspondent takes exception. * Tins subject of "faith cure" is one that needs to be carefully considered. It is a subject that is coming more and more prominently before the people, and one upon which very many will be deceived. When there are so many people in the world who do not know what faith itself is, what else is to be expected but that many should hold wrong ideas on the subject of faith cure? How can a person know what faith cure is who does not know what faith is? And it is a fact that few people in this world to-day know what faith is. The word is almost universally confounded with belief. But while there are hundreds of religious beliefs in the world, there is, and can be, only one faith. * * * FAITH is belief of the Word of God; it is that which says "Amen" to that Word. "Without faith," we read, "It is impossible to please him [God]; for he that com-eth to God must believe that he is, and that he is a re-warder of them that diligently seek him." We do not see God, but faith assures us that he is, and that he is even where we do not see him. It is "the evidence of things not seen." THE Word of God says that God "is not far from every one of us;" and that "in him we live and move and have our being." It says that all power is of God, and that by his power all- things consist, or hold together. All life is maintained by the power of God. Faith reveals all this, and he who has faith keeps all this in view. He sees God in all things, and feels that he is indeed not far from him. This is giving to God only the credit and glory that is his due. AND the faith that is in faith cure is this faith; for  nothing else is faith. .Faith recognizes the power of God! in the healing of disease. But faith does not,  limit the-working of the power of God.. It does not refuse to rec-ognize the power of God unless it is shown in some un-usual way. Faith does not prescribe the manner in which God's power shall be manifested. * * WHAT is commonly known as "faith cure" discardsŁ physicians and all forms of treatment. It repudiates all "remedies" of every kind. And why? Oh, because it says that God ought to have the glory. And this is to say that there is no God in it, unless the recovery from disease is by prayer and the laying on of hands. When a person recovers by taking treatment, God is not in that; that is something altogether different from a man-ifestation of the healing power of God,Šso different, in-deed, that to employ treatment is counted as an actual denial of the faith ! BUT how do these people think any individual can,  recover from sickness in any other way than, by the heal-ing power of God? Who heals an individual when he is-sick? The doctor? No; every doctor entitled to his di-ploma knows better than that. Neither is there any power in the medicine, or the treatment, to effect a cure. People often suppose that there is some mysterious-power in drugs or herbs or something else, to impart vi-tality and health to the human body; but the idea is-sheer nonsense. No; neither the doctor, nor the treat-ment, nor the individual, does the healing. Pei haps the-doctor himself would say, It is nature that does it. AndŁ this would recognize the truth that the system builds it-self up, repairs the waste caused by disease, in accord--ance with certain established physical laws. All the doc-tor with his treatment can do is to provide conditions. under which the operation of these laws can be effective.. The power which does the work of recovery is in the hu-man organism itself. * AND what power is this? Men call it nature; but what is nature? Is there any other power than the power of God? The Scripture says there is not: "There is no power but of God." God created all things, and from whence did created things derive their power? Did they get it somewhere else than from the Creator? Rea-son repudiates the idea; reason and revelation together point to the Creator as the one and only source of power..  Anything that existed by its own power, would be inde-pendent of God; but nothing is independent of him, for he is the Creator of all. And the power that men call "nature," the power that works in the human organism to rebuild it when impaired by disease, to recreate the-wasted parts, in every case of recovery from sickness, whether of one who recognizes God or not, is the power of God. And faith recognizes this fact. "Bless the Lord, 