260 A.m.nntc.ANT VOL. 8. No. 83. ment, and hope it will be successful. I consider the car service quite as necessary as the gas or water service, or the delivery of milk. It seems to me that the opposition to the Sunday ear service comes from a class that pay no taxes and contribute nothing to the expenses of the city, and yet enjoy all its advantages. AN ASSOCIATION ORGANIZED. Dr. John McConnell moved, and J. B. Leroy seconded, this resolution :Š That this meeting of citizens declares in favor of a Sunday car service for the city of Toronto, and hereby organizes for the promotion of the election on August 26 next, under the name of " The Sunday Car Association," and invites the co-operation of all citizens favorable thereto. In moving his resolution, which was carried amidst cheers, Dr. McConnell con-gratulated the association in securing for presiding officer a man who, during his entire lifetime, had been identified with good works. [Cheers.] This spoke vol-umes for the success of the Sunday car movement. A case which had come under his notice a few days ago afforded him a lamentable opportunity of proving what a benefit Sunday cars would be to the poor. A citizen, resident at the extreme west end of the city, received word that a friend was seriously ill in the hospital. He went to a livery and was told that it would cost him $2.50 to drive to his desti-nation. This was more than he could afford to pay and he was perforce com-pelled to walk the entire nine miles, and this was only one of numerous cases which might be cited. Those who prophesied all sorts of evil from the running of the cars, did not know whereof they spoke. He lived in the vicinity of Hyde Park, and knew that the working classes who came there were orderly and well behaved. It was an insult to people, and especially to workingmen, to say that because they couldn't afford to hire a carriage and spent ten or fifteen cents going to Hyde Park by cars they were bound to come home drunk. [Applause.] Bishop Sweatman's testimony with regard to the behavior of people at the Island on Sunday was a suf-ficient answer to the charges of desecration of the day. Miss Joussaye, President of the Work-ing Women's Protective Association, stated that the working women needed the cars as much as the men or more. If the men found it difficult to pay for a carriage, it was doubly impossible for the women to afford it itt their lesser wages. The talk of beer gardens following in the wake of Sunday cars was simply untrue. It was an insult for one class of people to think they were better than others. Miss Hepburn, Vice-President of the Trades and Labor Council, agreed with Miss Joussaye. Many women worked from 7 in the morning until 6.30 at night all the week through, and at present there was no means of transit for them to get out into the parks on Sunday. She was sat-isfied there was no person who considers the question from the position of labor or of working women but must be in favor of the cars. After other short speeches the meeting adjourned. The committee will meet early next week, and be ready to report to the public meeting a few days later. But while there is a strong sentiment in Toronto in favor of Sunday cars, there is also much opposition from the churches. The same evening that meeting referred to was held, the Sunday people got to-gether and condemned the movement in strong terms. After an organization was effected, Mr. S. C. Biggs was introduced  and started out with the assertion that the running of street cars on Sunday is " contrary to the will of God." He con-tended that the Sunday street car could not help the poor, for they were already too low down to make use of them. He claimed that at least twenty-five per cent. of the city of Toronto received charity during this last year. F. S. Spence urged his friends to start out at once and hire up all the convey-ances they could for the 26th of August [the day the election is to be held], for he felt sure that if they did not that their opponents would not leave them a single rig to take their voters to the polls. He also saw Toronto, after the fated 26th of August, plunged in all the horrors of the worst features of the American Sabbath, with the additions of the wickedness of gay Paris, the bull fights of Spain and the despotism of Russia. The Toronto World says, editorially, in advocating Sunday cars, it is fighting a battle on behalf of three-fifths of the citi-zens of Toronto. It seems that the re- markable objection has been raised that Sunday cars would increase Sunday drunk- enness. To this the World says :Š What we say is, that there i13 no connection between Sunday cars and Sunday drinking. We want British Sunday cars and the Ontario liquor law as it now is enforced. And the best of all proof that there is no connection between the two is that they have cars on Sunday in Philadelphia, Boston, Albany and other cities and no sale of liquor ; that they have Sunday cars in England and a limited sale of liquor, and cars in Rochester and a ,free sale of liquor. All going to show that there is no relation between the two. . . . There was a time when Denver was the wildest city on this continent; street cars came on Sunday and now it is eminently respectable. But we do not see any connection between these two, though we have more reason to infer it in the one case than in the other. The World also makes short work of the claim that Sunday cars would increase the hours of labor. On this point the World argues, " there has been for many years back, and there is at the present time, an agitation for securing fewer hours' work per day all over England. The workingmen of that country are apparently able to look Ł after themselves. But in their efforts to better their position do we find them demanding the cessation of Sunday cars ? The antis in Toronto pretend to believe that Sunday cars here will make a slave of the workingman, but still, in England, where they have these cars in every city, the workingman has as yet made no move to destroy this slave-maker. The workingmen over there are acting more rationally. They are peti-tioning and insisting on the government to make eight hours the legal work day. And their persistent action in this direc-tion is already bringing forth good results. Manchester, as we know, is a great labor centre, and they have Sunday street cars there too. In spite of the existence of these Sunday cars we find that in Feb-ruary last the proprietors of the Salford Iron Works decided on reducing their workmen's hours of labor from 53 to 48 per week without reducing the wages." The World certainly has the argument on this score, as well as on several others. The contest will be watched from this side the line with interest. IT is reported from Rome that the German Government has intimated to the Vatican that the German Emperor and his ministers will not oppose the proposed law providing for the return of the Jesuits to Germany. Blind Watchmen. SAYS the prophet (Isa. 56: 10), speaking of Israel, " His watchmen are blind." However we may regard the application of this language, seemingly there can be no more marked fulfillment of it, either in principle or in fact, than is to be seen in the case of some who assume to be spiritual guides at the present time. A forcible illustration of this occurs in the reflections upon the Sunday-school lesson based upon the experience of Paul and Silas at Philippi, in the Christian States-man, of July 1. Starting out with the idea that "this lesson looks as though it had been selected especially for the times," it proceeds to institute a comparison be-tween the apostles' persecutors and those who oppose Sunday laws. In this com- parison there are some things so mani-festly applicable to themselves that the only way we can account for their not seeing this fact, and consequently the falsity of their own positions, is the fact that their minds are blinded as to the true state of the case. Space will permit me to note only a few points in confirmation of this thought. One of the Pittsburg Sunday papers is charged with counselling "mob law and murder" in opposition to the enforcement of Sunday laws, and the proprietors of such papers and the World's Fair Direc- tory are arraigned in the following forcible style :Š Such outrageous lying as has been done by the World's Fair Directory and ‚ ‚ Sunday paper " pro-prietors to obscure the realissue, we have never heard in any other matter. Strongly as these things are to be con-demned, if true, the inquiry will arise, How far do they exceed in turpitude the fraudulent and law-defying methods of Sunday law leaders, or the spirit that will oppress the consciences of Christian citi-zens by enforcing Sunday laws, and even invoke military power in their support, as in the case of the World's Fair. The following extracts, with a little mental paraphrasing, are still more to the point :Š The pretended motive, patriotism, philanthropy and piety. These opposers are standing for their city, their time honored customs, their religion. They dare not confess their real motives. They must pretend to something high and honorable. The truth in the premises would hardly commend their efforts. They must therefore hide the real motives under some honorable pretense. The Phil-ippian opposers of the gospel are still at work in Pittsburg and other places. It is the same corrupt old human nature still. Of course the magistrates have a hand in it. It would be a strange thing in history, to find an open opposition to the work of the gospel, without the civil magistrate taking a part. This seems to be the highest conception of duty, which a city official is capable of reaching. He feels that he is set for the defense of the evil doer, against the work of the gospel. It was so in Philippi. It is so in Christianized America to-day. And having the power they arrest the missionaries. Then they mag-nanimously, because these unprotected men are helplessly in their power, "lay many stripes upon them and cast them into prison." In speaking of the earthquake which shook open the prison doors the following truthful words are used :Š Here was where the enemies of the gospel made their mistake; they left the Lord Almighty out of their account. To the enemies of Paul and Silas it seemed enough to have the magistrate and the lash and the dungeon and stocks on their side, and it might have been sufficient if there had been no God. So it is still. The enemies of Christianity are leaving the Almighty out of their calculations. This may seem a small oversight for a little while, but it is certain to be disappointing in the end. But the worst enemies of Christianity are among its pretended friends, and these 