DECEMBER 8, 1896. .ANICIE,4"1"71-11.C_AiNT g1-1_,TN't 381 the Government to provide at its own ex-pense, a chapel and Ła chaplain for Catholic _service as it does for Protestant service. However, this whole matter simply shows how that in spite of the Constitution, the whole national system has become honey-combed with the encroachments of a State-supported religion, each particular instance of which is used as a precedent and ground for further encroachment. Oh! that 'the world might for just once behold a Christian-ity so genuine and consistent that it would despise all such ungenerous ways! WHAT DOES IT MEAN P EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: During sev-eral years past we have had in our city a "Ministerial Union," comprising nearly all of the ministers of the Evangelical churches, meeting once a month to discuss matters pertaining to the religious welfare of the people. A few weeks ago they decided to reorganize upon a broader foundation, change the name to "Ministerial League," and in one sense, to enter upon a more liberal policy as to their work. They therefore decided to extend an invitation to the ministers of all denomina-tions, including the Catholic clergy, in par-ticular, to join the league. According to the papers they met yesterday and formed the league, comprising about all of the Protestant ministers; but not any of the Catholic clergy were represented. There seemed to be much disappointment that the Catholics were not present. The matter was fully discussed, and it was shown that a committee had visited the Catholics and were informed that it would be impossi-ble for them to attend if there were any de-votional services whatever, even so much as opening with the Lord's prayer. It was thought by some that they should at least open their meeting with the Lord's prayer. A vote was taken, which stood 17 to 14 against opening even with the Lord's prayer. "The main idea of those who voted to reject the proposal," said a city paper, "was to show to the Catholic clergy of the city how willing the Protestant pastors are to dispense with anything which would prevent them from joining the organization." They then proceeded to adopt a constitu-tion and by-laws which were in part as fol-lows: "Its objects shall be the cultivation of civic righteousness in our community by an insistence upon the close and vital relations between Christianity and the proper admin-istration of municipal affairs and all matters of general interest and moment in the com-monwealth and general government. "Its objects shall also be to discuss matters of common interest pertaining to the religious welfare of our community, and generally to watch and guard our common church inter-ests, that they may have proper recognition and influence in moulding and shaping public sentiment and the practical, ethical affairs of our city." Now will you kindly explain to us through the columns of the SENTINEL what all this means, so that the people of our city may un-derstand it? We have read it over several times; it sounds like the voice of ministers, but we don't really know what hand there may be behind it. If the ministers are so much interested in our community, certainly the community should be interested in what the ministers say and do. And as they speak sometimes in  language that we do not understand, we ap-peal to you to interpret the constitution for us so that we may know what they propose to do. We would like to know also why these Prot-estant ministers are solicitous as to the coop-eration of the Catholic clergy in their reform work, so far as to surrender all religious devo-tions in their meetings in order to gain the attendance of the Catholics. They (the Protestants) do not say anything about trying to convert these clergy from the errors of Catholicism; there must be some other object in view. Will you please give some information or word of prophecy that will instruct the people as to the meaning and consequences of this movement inaugurated by the ministers, if carried out to its full intent and purpose? Very respectfully, P. P. LANE. Worcester, Mass., Nov. 24. We think the matter printed in the present number of the AMERICAN SENTINEL gives a complete answer as to the intent and purpose of all such movements as described by our cor-respond ent.ŠE DiToR. WHO WOULD OPPOSE IT ? SUPPOSE an effort were made to revive the old law making it compulsory to partake of the Lord's supper, who would most strenu-ously protest against it? It is safe to say that it would be those who most clearly discerned the spirituality of God's service. Such would rightly abhor dragging men to the Lord's table to act a lie, and would consider the law an outrageously wicked —one. 4o, too, if those who favor Sunday laws really believe'd that keeping Sunday was a spiritual act, they would be protesting against such laws.ŠPresent Truth, London. WHAT IS CHRISTIAN POWER? BY M. E. KELLOGG. TEE New York Independent of November' 12, contains an article on " Islam and Chris-tianity," which has near its close the follow-ing very striking and suggestive sentence: " We have no more right to dethrone the Sultan in order to make it easier for Turks to become Christians, than the "Turk has to present to the Armenians the alternative of Islam or death. Bat we have a right to insist that Christian power shall be used for protection of those who hold to the Christian faith." The query which arose in our mind when reading this sentence was, What is Christian power ? And the answer which came to us, from our understanding of the Word of God, was that Christian power, properly so called, can be no other than the power of Christ. At the first this power was manifested by Christ. He healed the sick, cured the blind, raised the dead, and, what is more remarka-ble, gave to his disciples power to triumph over the evils in themselves. It was his in-tention that his work should be carried for-ward by his disciples after his ascension to heaven, that they should be his representa-tives in holiness and power even as he had represented the Father. " As my Father hath sent me, even so send I you." " Ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth." Witnesses of what ?ŠThat he is the Christ, the Saviour, and that he saves men. Could they do this of themselves ? No indeed, and hence at the same time that he told them what their duty and calling were to be, he assured them that divine powerŠChristian powerŠfor the accomplishment of their task would be given them. , " All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth. Go ye therefore, and teach all nations." Again: " But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses," etc. Nor could they go until this Christian power was given them: "And behold; I send the promise of my Father upon you: but tarry ye in the city of Jerusa-lem, until ye be endued with power from on high." Much more evidence might be adduced, bat this is sufficient to prove what Christian power is. It is the power of the Holy Spirit which comes from heaven and works in and through the disciples of Christ in a marked manner for the purpose of carrying on the work of Christ in the earth, and in the same manner that he worked. Should we further ask for the precise mo-ment when Christian power was the strong-est, truth would compel the statement that it was when a hundred and twenty disciples of One who had been crucified as a malefactor were assembled in an upper room. The man-ifestation of Christian power at that time is thus described: "And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them. And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spiiit gave them utter-ance." Here was the fulfillment of the promise to His disciples, " Tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem, until ye be endued with power from on high." The power of the Holy Ghost, as revealed directly in some of its various ways of work-ing, is Christian power. Christian power is manifested in the Christian religion. It certainly is not manifested through the power of States or governments. There never was a period in all the history of Christianity when Christian power was so manifest, so far-reaching, and so powerful, as during the first century after the ascension of Christ. So powerful was it that the empire of Rome began to fear for its own overthrow, and struck back at the Christian power in cruel acts of persecution which only hastened its own downfall. Christian power was all-conquering then. It had no army of soldiers, no fleet, no munitions of war; yet it went forth " conquering and to conquer." Its weapons of warfare were not carnal, but, at the same time, they were " mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholdsŁ casting down imaginations, and every hig thing that exalteth itself against the knowl edge of God, and bringing into captivit every thought to the obedience of Christ.' This is Christian power. We may go further and say that it is the only Christian power But is this the conception of Christia power which is referred to in the Independent Not at all. Real Christian power, the Chris tian power recognized in the Scriptures, not meant. On the contrary, by the expres sion " Christian power," the Independen means the worldly, mortal, cruel, militar power of England, France, Russia, German and the United States. We grant that ther is power in these nations. But to accept th idea that the power of manifestos, ultim 