184 AMERICAN SENTINEL. danger, and strike before it is everlastingly too late. "Liberty is too precious to be disclaimed." Shall we wantonly thrust it aside, and place upon our own wrists the chains of the bondman? Have those heroes who willingly shed their blood that we might be free, suffered in vain? God forbid! Rather, let every American in whom still lives a spark of patriotic fire, unite in a mighty effort to keep the church and state forever separate. Some Wise Sayings of Eminent Men. Compiled by John McCarthy. IT is not the legitimate province of legislature to determine what religion is true, or what is false.Š United States Senate Report. Every man has freedom to do all that he wills, pro-vided that he infringes not the equal freedom of any other man.ŠHerbert Spencer. The chief object of all good governments should be the protection of all the natural rights of their con-stituent members.ŠAlexander H. Stephens. That all power is vested in, and consequently derived from, the people; that magistrates are their trustees and servants, and at all times amenable to them.ŠVir-ginia Declaration of Rights, 1776. The Protestant doctrine, touching the right of pri-vate judgment, is not that opposite doctrines may both be true; but it is that there is on the face of the earth, no visible body to whose decrees men are bound to sub-mit their private judgment on points of faith.ŠLord Macaulay. Among all the religious persecutions with which almost every page pf modern history is stained, no vic-tim ever suffered but for the violation of what govern-ment denominated the law of God.ŠUnited States Senate Report. Extensive religious combinations to effect a politi-cal object are, in the opinion of the, committee, al-ways dangerous. . . . All religious despotism com-mences by combination and influence; and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institu-tions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequence.ŠUnited States Senate Re-port. The experience of many ages proves that men may be ready to fight to death, and to persecute without pity, for a religion whose creed they do not understand, and whose precepts they habitually disobey.ŠLord Macaulay. What other nations call religious toleration, we call religious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmental indulgence, but as rights, of which gov-ernment cannot deprive any portion of citizens, however  small. Despotic power may invade those rights, but justice still confirms them.ŠUnited States Senate Re-port. There are many who do not seem to be sensible that all violence in religion is irreligious, and that, whosoever is wrong, the persecutor cannot be right.ŠThomas Clarke. It is only when government transcends its sphere, that it comes in conflict with the consciences of men.ŠPresident Fairchild. Those rights which God and nature have established, and are therefore called natural rights, such as life and liberty, need not the aid of human laws to be more effectually invested in every man than they are; neither do they receive any additional strength, when declared by the municipal laws to be inviolable.ŠBlackstone. Toleration is a concession which may be withdrawn; it implies a preference for the ruling form of faith and wor-ship, and a practical disapproval of all other forms. . . . In our country we ask no toleration for religion, and its free exercise, but we claim it as an inalienable right.ŠDr. Phillip Schaff. If all mankind minus one, were of one opinion, man-kind would be no more justified in silencing that one person, than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind.ŠJohn Stuart Mill. There ought to be room in this world for all the con-sciences in it, without any encroachment upon the rights of each other; and there would be if all men, in their relations to each other, would be content to exercise their own rights of conscience in a reasonable manner. This would leave every man to determine the religious question for himself.ŠSamuel T. Spear. Our Constitution recognizes no other power than that of persuasion for enforcing religious observances.ŠChief Justice Terry. True Christianity asks no aid from the sword of civil authority. It began without the sword, and wherever it has taken the sword, it has perished by the sword. To depend on civil authority for its enforcement, is to acknowledge its own weakness, which it can never afford to do. It is able to fight its own battles. Its weapons are moral and spiritual, and not carnal. . . . Tiue Christianity never shields itself behind majorities. . . . A form of religion that cannot live under equal and impartial laws ought to die, and sooner or later must die.ŠSupreme Court of Ohio. Keep the church and state forever separate.ŠGeneral Grant. Government is never the gainer in the execution of a law that is manifestly unjust. . . . Conscientious men are not the enemies, but the friends, of any government but a tyranny. They are its strength, and not its weak-ness.ŠPresident Fairchild. 