584 AMERICAN SENTIN1iL. Aye; we do hear it; and just so surely as we hear and heed it not, this fair land of ours will come down toruin as did those of the past. I. Ł Ł .1 .1 A ROMAN Catholic paper says that "Catholic citizens who see in public libraries anti-Catholic books, should make protest to the library authorities until the libelous volumes are taken out." It is thus that Rome is tryingto veil the dark record of her past doings from the eyes of the rising generation. A Panacea for Human Ills. BY W. H. MCKEE. SUCH a thing as a universal cure-aŁ11,Šone general prescription which will remedy all illsŠis an impossibility in medicine. The physicians are agreed that this is so, and intelligent men generally acknowledge that they are correct: But there are other ills to which humanity is heir besides those which directly afflict the flesh. In their efforts to cure these it would seem that even the wise men become foolish. Men who ought to, know better, who in reality do know better, will champion with enthusiasm some legislative or political measure as an infallible rem-edy for all the ills from which the body politic suffers, or to which it is heir. That some men should be always looking to the latest medical fad or nostrum for re-newed health and the continuation of life is sad. But it is sadder still to find virtually all men looking to legisla-tion to remedy by one authoritative pronouncement all the difficulties under which society labors, financially, and perhaps even socially and morally. Humanity can can furnish no universal panacea for physical, moral, or social, ills. . There is, however, a remedy for all the ills of every kind to which mankind is subject. It is a mistake to say that humanity is heir to any ills. It is not, for we are all children of GodŠall creatures of his hand. If we are all his children we are all his heirs. He casts off and disinherits none. If the children deny the relationship and repudiate the Father, it is they whb refuse the inher-itance. God repudiates none. Christ has said, "Whoso-ever will, let him come." All that is necessary, then, for the ownership and possession, in undivided right with the Son of God himself, of all the beauty and perfection which an omniscient and omnipotent Creator has made, is simply its acceptance. But in God's plan there is no poverty, no,disease, no imperfection, no sin, pp death. He is not the God of the dead, nor of the dying, but of the living and the ever-liv-ing;  His children are all heirs together "of the grace of life." Here then is the remedy for all the ills of life,Šthe acceptance of the heirship to the grace of eternal life, with all its accompanying bliss and perfection. Neither strikes nor labor combinations, nor cooperative societies, nor  tariff laws, nor financial legislation, nor religious legisla_ thin, will do away with povery or business perplexities, or sin and immorality. There is one universal prescription, however, that, when accepted and applied, will accomplish this, and nothing else either will or can. That is, "Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." It is a simple prescription. It is expressed in very plain language. No man need fail to understand it. The terse Saxon of this short and pithy sentence appeals equally to the cultivated and the uncultivated, to the educated and to the ignorant. EVery mean, alSo, bears uncon-scious testimony.to his belief in the efficacy of this rem-edy, in the fact that he would exact from all others an adherence to this rule in their dealings with him, whether he intends to reciprocate or not. Of course theadvocacy of this remedy means much. It is open, jn the present condition of the affairs of the world, and so long as that condition lasts, to the criti-cism of being Utopian. But it is not Utopian, for it is not imaginary,neither is its eventual application or real ization imaginary. The advOcates of this remedy are all those who pray, "Thy kingdom come; thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven," This is the prayer of all Christian men and angels. God hears prayer. He answers prayer. They who pray this prayer in word and heart and life, and so quietly and unostentatiously live out the precepts of God's word in all their business and social relations, are "engaged in a work which God wants done, and which every good being in the universe wants done," and will eventually succeed in their efforts, realize the fulfillment of what the world has called their Utopian dreams, and live in the eternal enjoyment of the answer to their daily prayer. It is true that they will not meet with what the world, at present, calls success, which can be reckoned in dollars and,cents, or in worldly fame and reputation, but their returns will he in values which moth and ,rust can not corrupt, which the breath of slander, can not tarnish or steal away, and which they will enjoy forever;while they themselves are held in eternal, and un-fading remembrance. The men and women who are doing this are not the-orists, or fanatics, or idle dreamers. They are practical people. They are the only practical people which this world holds. Their minds are touched with no cloud of unsoun-lness, they are theŁonly actually same'people who walk the earth. It is the characteristic of an unsound mind that it sees everything with distorted vision, and has no just appreciation of true proportions and propor-tionate values. In the mental sight of such a mind the sense of true perspective is utterly lost. This is why to so many Men the present obscures the future, the finite the infinite, and this transitory life the possible eternal existence which lies beyo-d. This is why men neglect the simple remedy which God prescribes, and give themselves to the use and advocacy of political fads and legislative nostrums. 