AMERICAN SENTINEL. 291 becomes the cause of the other, and he who shoulders his gun and goes forth to fight for the State, may properly be considered as becoming thereby a "soldier of Christ." It should be apparent to all Christians at least that Chris-tianity cannot be joined with the State. Is IT any worse to slaughter people with bullet and sword, after the fashion of the pagan, than to kill them slowly by methods which are devised to satisfy the sel-fish greed of gold-loving "Christians"? Is there any less guilt lying at the door of commercial greed than at that of the Turk? -1- 1,- 0-4-4-- Is the Sabbath in Danger? "THE gates of hell shall not prevail against it," are the comforting words of Christ concerning the stability of the Christian Church. The Sabbath is one of the vital institutions of Christianity. It is therefore as enduring as the Christian Church. So long as there is a Christ, there will be Christianity; and so long as there is Christianity, there will be a Christian Sabbath. Whenever it is proposed to repeal a civil law which was enacted with the supposed object of preserving the Sabbath, there are those who declare that the Sabbath is in danger of losing its support,Šthat "the Sabbath cannot be maintained without the aid of civil law." All such fail to discern the true nature of the Sabbath and Sabbath observance. The Sabbath law is a part of the ten commandment law. Ex. 20:8-11. "The law is spiritual," says the Scriptures. Rom. 8:14. Only spiritual obedience is ac-ceptable obedience. "The true worshipers must worship the Father in spirit and in truth; for the Father seeketh such to worship him." John 4:23. The Lord requires spiritual obedience to his spiritual law. A spiritual law cannot be upheld by a secular law. The only law which a civil government can enact is secular law. The only kind of obedience it can command of its citizens is civi or secular obedience. It therefore follows that the civil government cannot make or enforce spiritual law. Hence it cannot save or destroy the Sabbath. "Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of Hosts." Zach. 4:6. Not by might of human law, nor by power of the policeman's club, can Sabbath observance be maintained. Only by the Spirit God can this be done. "The carnal mind is enmity against God; is not sub.. ject to the law of God, neither indeed can be." How use-less, then, to try to make it subject to the law of God by human enactment ! "God sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the flesh; that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit." It is the Spirit that enables a man to fulfill the right. eousness of the law. Only the Holy Spirit, therefore, can enable a man to fulfill (or fill-full) the law of the Sabbath. And the man who is led by the Spirit will keep the Sab_ bath without the aid of human law. Those who are not led by the Spirit cannot be led to observe the Sabbath by human law. Let not Christians, then, fear that the Sabbath will be destroyed, if human laws are not enforced to preserve it. On this point Spurgeon said:Š "I should be afraid to borrow help from government; it would look to me as if I rested on an arm of flesh, in-stead of depending on the living God. Let the Lord's day be respected by all means, and may the day soon come when every shop shall be closed on the Sabbath, but let it be by force of conviction, and not by force of policemen; let true religion triumph by the power of God in men's hearts and not by the power of fines and pun-ishments."ŠQuoted in Australian Sentinel, Melbourne, March, 1895. Another prominent Baptist speaks thus:Š "However much we may deprecate the demoralizing tendencies of Sunday theaters and concerts, games and excursions, and the sale of candies and fruits and news-papers on the Lord's day, still we ask for legal restraint upon such things only in so far as they may directly in-terfere with public religious worship. As Christians we ask of the State only protection in the exercise of our rights of conscience; and we will depend alone upon the truth of God and the Spirit of God to secure the triumphs of Christianity. With an open field and a fair fight, Christianity is more than a match for the world, because `the foolishness of God is wiser than men.' 1 Cor. 1:25. The almightiness of the eternal God is in the cross. Hence, Christ said: 'And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me.' "Š"The Lord's Day," by Rev. D. Read, LL. D., p. 31, American Baptist Publishing Society, Philadelphia. The question whether street-cars shall run, stores open, or public amusements be held on the Sabbath, sinks into insignificance compared with the question whether professed Christians entertain right ideas of Christian institutions, and the power by which they are maintained. It was a failure to comprehend this that led the Church in the days of Constantine to look to him as its head,  and to the State for power to promulgate its doctrines and repress heresy. It was this that led to the Dark Ages. If no professed Christians could be found to furnish capital to run street-cars on the Sabbath; if no professed Christians could be found to operate them on that day ; and if no professed Christians could be found to use them on that day ; the question of running stieet-cars on the Sabbath would adjust itself in every "Christian commu-nity." To the reply, "professed Christians are not con-sistentŠare not sufficiently conscientious, and must be compelled by civil law to act consistently and conscien-tiously," we answer, What a comment on nineteenth cen-tury Christianity ! 