358 Vol,. 9. No. 45. bers right, or put pious embargo on the Pennsylvania railroad, or any one of the Sunday newspapers of that Sabbath-loving city ? Why not go gunning for such game, and let honest Sabbath-keepers and industrious Jews alone ? Few shams are greater than that, for one hundred years Pennsylvania has refused all rights of conscience to Sabbath-keepers, under its Sunday law of 1794. And even now these Sabbath Association people refuse to allow any modification of that illiberal law, lest newspapers and railroads take more liber-ties, if Seventh-day Baptists be granted their just rights; as if, forsooth, news-papers and railroads and saloons do not take all the liberties they choose because they are stronger than single individuals who may chance to be in the unpopular minority. Glaze it over as you will, such religious liberty is enough to stir the bones of William Penn, and stamp " shame " on the Christianity of these years.ŠTheEvan-gel and Sabbath Outlook. Alexander Campbell and the "Chris-tian State." [In 1820 there was organized in West Middletown, Washington Co., Pa., a society, called the West Mid-dletown Moral Society. The principal object of the society was to enforce the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794, which is still on the statute books of the State. This Moral Society was organized by the United Presbyterians, the same people who, later in 1863, organized the National Reform Association. Alex-ander Campbell; the founder of the Christian or Dis-ciple Church, ably opposed the society in a series of articles published in the Reporter, of Washington, county seat of Washington County. His articles were signed " Candidus." A United Presbyterian minister, by the name of Wylie, attempted to defend the society, and signed himself "Timothy." The discussion con-tinued from April 17, 1820, the date of Mr. Campbell's first article, to February 22, 1822, during which time almost every phase of the compulsory Sunday law question was treated. As a result the Moral Society perished, not to appear again until 1863 when it was revived by the same denomination under the name, National Reform Association. Every word of Mr. Campbell's invincible logic and withering denuncia-tion is applicable to the association, resuscitated under the name, National Reform Association, and kindred organizations, such as the American Sabbath Union, the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, etc.] THERE are not a few, and perhaps Mr. T. amongst the number, who suppose the planting of a church or churches amongst, or the having the gospel preached to a people, bring them naturally into a Chris-tian state. Hence, do we often hear of Christian nations; but that the unbeliev-ing part of Pennsylvania is in any more Christian state than the people of Japan or China, Greece or Rome; or to be com-pelled to regard the institutions of Chris-tianity any more than the inhabitants of the above States, I have yet to learn and I feel very certain that Mr. T. will never teach me to think so. I readily admit that the condemnation of the unchristian part of any community, whither the gospel has been carried, and where it has been published, will be more aggravated than that of those to whom it has never been proclaimed. And I fully admit the apho-rism, that, " where there is much given there will be the more reqUired." Yet I could not agree with an eminent preacher in Scotland, who taught that, that " land was married to the Lord," and that the first verse of the 87th Psalm, " 0 Lord, thou hast been favorable to thy beloved land," belonged exclusively nowadays to Old Scotland. No more can I believe that one thousand Christians amongst ten thou-sand who are not Christians, can change them into a Christian state any more than ten thousand infidels could convert one  thousand Christians living amongst them, into the state of nature. And finally, that all unbelievers, however dressed off, in the borrowed garb of some meager virtues, from the reflex light of Christian-ity, are in heart heathens in the sight of God. . . . In respect of the establishment of a " Christian Sabbath " by Constantine, Mr. T. admits that it was not established until in his reign. But the reasons assigned, though specious, are not solid. It is in-sinuated in them, that it was the want of power, and the opposition made to Chris-tians that prohibited them from having it enforced on all kinds of men. This is as much as to say that the primitive Chris-tian had the disposition if he had had the means. This, if it be, as I am not certain that it is, the import of his remarks is contrary to the whole scope of primitive Christianity in the New Testament; for unconverted men were never commanded to perform any duty until they had believed or repented, consequently could not have been compelled by any primitive Christian to observe any Christian ordinance. Mr. T. tells us that he is not for marry-ing Church and State, and says he thinks that laws compelling men to observe the Sabbath may be enacted by the State without such a marriage. Well, grant it, and then it is but the courtship, or it is an illicit commerce which subsists between the Church and the State. The forms of marriage are dispensed with by Mr. T., but the intercourse and events are the same. Like those women of whom we read, in that old-fashioned Book, who said to the man of their choice, " We will eat our own bread and wear our own apparel, only let us be called by thy name, to take away our reproach." Mr. T. would have the Church independent of the State, but only one or two small accommodations would be thankfully received and grate-fully rem embered. ŠCandidus (Alexander Campbell), in Washington (Pa.) Reporter, April d1, 1821. Significant Paragraphs. [We publish undei. this heading paragraphs more or less significant, without either approval or dissent, and without comment. The careful observer of the signs of the times will readily discern the pertinent facts and opinions, and will know how to turn them to account in the great controversy between truth and error.] THOSE who are anxious to bring about a union of various denominations with the Protestant Episcopal Church have sug-gested that the latter might, through its bishops, give reordination to non-Episcopal ministers. An Episcopal minister in Ireland, who favors the union of various Protestant churches there, has a little different suggestion to make. His propo-sition is, that a number of Presbyterian and Methodist ministers shall be selected and solemnly consecrated as bishops'; then these bishops and the bishops of the Church of Ireland shall, together with a council of the clergy and laity , of the Episcopal, Methodist, and Presbyterian churches, proceed to draw up a constitu-tion of the United Church. In the course of a few years, under such a scheme, all the ministers of the United Church would be under valid orders. If we must have union at the price of the surrender of the validity of Congregational, Presbyterian, and Methodist orders, this scheme may be as good as any other,ŠThe Independent, Nov, .1, .1894. No Longer Blind Kittens, Ministers Have Become Parkhurstian Cats. THE Rev. Dr. John L. Scudder, pastor of the Tabernacle in Jersey City, talked of politics yesterday in a prelude to- his sermon. He said : " Almost every church in America has its Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor, and these societies, extending into every hamlet in the land, have de-clared their intention to enter politics. This is a significant fact when we rewem-ber that these organizations number sev-eral million followers and are composed of young people full of energy and enthu-siasm. This means that the Church is going into politics and is going there to stay. Furthermore, it means that the Church is to become a powerful political factor, for in these societies it has a per-fect and permanent organization extend-ing through county, State, and nation, and will act as a unit on all great moral questions. " I do not take it that the churches are to form a separate political party; on the contrary, they will stand outside all par-ties, but they will cooperate, and as one prodigious organization make their de-mands upon existing parties and have their wishes fulfilled. Before election every local union will assume temporarily the appearance of a political convention, ratifying such candidates only as will carry out the desires of the respectable portion of the community. They will secure written pledges from the candi-dates, and hold them to their pledges, and if they fail to keep their pledges those particular politicians will be doomed. " I hail with the utmost joy the coming of this eventful day in the history of the Church. At last the politicians will find that we Christian people are not a parcel of fools ; that we know enough to cooper-ate, command several million voters, and hurl our combined forces against the en-emies of righteousness, law, and order. The reason the Liquor Dealers' Associa-tion is such a power in this country and obtains recognition from both the Repub-lican and Democratic parties, is because it is a unit and acts as one man in political campaigns; because they place the liquor interests rst and party second. Now, when Christian people combine and hold an overwhelming balance of power, when they pull together and refuse as a body to vote for any man who will not carry out their principles, then, and then only, will they be respected and become politically powerful. Why should there not be Christian halls as well as Tammany Halls? What, objection to a sanctified caucus ? Why not pull wires for the kingdom of God ? If sinners stand together and pro-tect their interests, why should not the saints do the same thing, and whip old Satan out ? " Another refreshing sign of the times is that the ministers are beginning to talk politics front the pulpit with a will. The day was when they thought it out of place and felt constrained to be silent. They were victims to those in the churches who wanted the `simple gospel.' To-day they are applying the gospel to politics and everything else. They are determined to destroy as well as to regenerate. The popular clergyman of to-day is something more than an annex to the ladies' sewing society, a piece of holy bric-a-brac or ornament for an afternoon tea. In the evolution of the Church he is becoming a colonel of a regiment, ready at a minute's 