.A.NILJEIJELE4C Vol,. 11, No. 25. seeks to hide its hideous face behind some civil law, and to justify its crimes against humanity on the ground of public necessity; bat nobody is deceived except the poor bigots themselves. Everybody else knows full well the real motive. THE MAIDEN MARTYR.* IN the early summer of 1685, two girls of the name of Wilson, the older of whom was eighteen, and the younger thirteen years of age, were sentenced to be drowned for refus-ing the Abjuration oath. The younger sister was saved, upon the payment of a hundred pounds by her father. The elder, and a poor widow named McLaugh-lin, were tied to stakes within flood-mark in the river Blendnock. The girl saw her aged companion in tribulation painfully perish, as she had been fastened furthest out in the tide. Still her faith failed not; and though impor-tuned by her friends to save her life by pray-ing for the king and taking the oath, she steadfastly refused. Calmly she awaited death, singing psalms till her voice was choked by the rising water; and, a little after, the slight ripple, and the air-bell rising to the surface, told she had breathed her last. And as though in sympathy, the fast westering sun, too, sank from sight and na-ture threw over the scene her sable mantle of the night. A troop of soldiers waited at the door, A crowd of people gathered in the street, Aloof a little from the sabres bared And flashed into their faces. Then the door Was opened, and two women meekly step Into the sunshine of the sweet May-noon, Out of the prison. One was meek and oldŠA woman full of years and full of woesŠThe other was a maiden in her morn, And they were one in name and one in faith, Mother and daughter in the bonds of Christ, That bound them closer than the ties of blood. The troop moved on; and down the sunny street The people followed, ever falling back As in their faces flashed the naked blades. But in the midst the women simply went As if they two were walking, side by side, Up to God's house on some still Sabbath morn, Only they were not clad for Sabbath day; But as they went about their daily tasks, They went to prison, and they went to death Upon their Master's service. On the shore The troopers halted; all the shining sands Lsy bare and glistening; for the tide had drawn Back to its furthest margin's weedy mark, And each succeeding wave, with flash and curve That seemed to mock the sabres on the shore, Drew nearer by a sand-breadth. " It will be A long day's work," murmured those murderous men, As they slacked reinŠthe leaders of the troop Dismounting, and the people pressing near To hear the pardon proffered, with the oath Renouncing and abjuring part with all The persecuted, covenanted folk. And both refused the oath, " because," they said, " Unless with Christ's dear servants we have part, We have no part with Him." On this they took The elder Margaret, and led her out Over the sliding sands, the weedy sludge, The pebbly shoals, far out, and fastened her Unto the furthest stake, already reached By every rising wave; and left her there, As the waves crept about her feet, in prayer That He would firm uphold her in their midst, Who holds them in the hollow of His hand. The tide flowed in. And up and down the shore They passed, the Provost, and the Laird of LagŠ Grim GriersonŠwith Windram and with Graham; And the rude soldiers jested, with rude oaths, As in the midst the maiden meekly stood Waiting her doom delayedŠsaid "she would turn Before the tideŠseek refuge in their arms * From Frank Leslie's "Sunday Magazine," with slight ad-ditions and changes.  From the chill waves." And ever to her lips There came the wondrous words of life and peace: "If God be for us, who can be against!" " Who shall divide us from the love of Christ?" "Nor height, nor depth,  A voice cried from the crowdŠ A woman's voice, a very bitter cryŠ "Oh, Margaret! my bonnie Margaret! Gie in, gie in, and dinna break my heart; Gie in, and take the oath." The tide flowed in : And so wore on the sunny afternoon ; And every fire went out upon the hearth; And not a meal was tasted in the town That day. And still the tide was flowing in: Her mother's voice yet sounding in her ears, They turned young Margaret's face toward the sea, Where something white was floatingŠsomething white As the sea-mew that sits upon the wave: But as she looked it sank; then showed again; Then disappeared. And round the shoreward stake The tide stood ankle deep. Then Grierson, With cursing, vowed that he would wait no more; And to the stake the soldiers led her down, And tied her hands;- and round her slender waist Too roughly cast the rope, for Windram came And eased it, while he whispered in her ear "Come, take the test." And one cried, "Margaret, Say but ' God save the king.' " " God save the king Of His great grace," she answered; but the oath She would not take. And still the tide flowed in, And drove the people back and silenced them. The tide flowed in, and rising to her knee, She sang the psalm, " To thee I lift my soul." The tide flowed in, and rising to her waist, "To thee, my God, I lift my soul," she sang. And the tide flowed, and, rising to her throat, She sang no more, but lifted up her faceŠ And there was glory over all the sky; And there was glory over all the seaŠ A flood of gloryŠand the lifted face Swam in it, till it bowed beneath the flood, And Scotland's Maiden Martyr slept in God. PERSECUTION FOR SUNDAY LABOR AT FORD'S STORE, MD. BY J. E. JAYNE. MR. ISAAC BAKER, Of Ford's Store, Md., has been arrested, tried, and I suppose con-victed, of Sunday labor. Briefly the circum-stances are as follows. On Sunday, May 24, L. T. Vansant, a constable, " chanced to be" at the home of one of his neighbors. They looked across a piece of land and strip of water, a distance of about two miles, and saw what they thought was a man at work in a field. They walked to the water and then rowed about three quarters of a mile and accosted Mr. Baker, who was marking out ground for corn. The constable laid complaint before a magistrate on Kent Island, who issued the warrant, and set the trial for June 1. Mr. Baker was allowed his liberty, and on the day for trial the constable visited him at his home intending to accompany him to the magistrate's office. Mr. Baker objected to going, stating that he would take the case before a magistrate for their own town, who had been recently appointed. The constable did not require him to appear in court, but himself arranged for the trial to be held before another magistrte on Thursday, the 4th of June. When the case came to trial the magistrate was very much confused, and the crowd that filled the room did about as they pleased. Mr. Baker employed no attorney. So far as I could learn, no record of the proceedings  was kept, except what I took for my own use. The trial proceeded about as follows:Š Magistrate to Mr. Baker.Š" Are you ready for trial ?" Mr. BakerŠ" I have not heard the war-rant read." The magistrate then read the warrant and said:Š " I don't suppose there is any use of swear-ing witnesses, for you will plead guilty of the crime." Mr. Baker.Š"I do not plead guilty of vio-lating any law in harmony with our National Constitution." Magistrate.Š" 0, that's no plea." Mr. Baker was not required to plead, and the constable was sworn. Magistrate to constable. What was he doing ?" Constable.Š" He was marking out ground for corn." Magistrate.Š" Anything else ?" Constable. `No." Magistrate.Š" There were three State's witnesses summoned, are they here ?" Constable.Š"All but Mr. Mansfield." (Who is a Seventh-day Adventist.) The magistrate talked of how he would punish Mr. Mansfield for failing to obey the summons. Bystanders to Court and constable.Š"Mr. Mansfield has not been summoned." Constable.Š" I summoned him." Bystanders.Š" You did not read the sum-mons, nor tell him when or where the trial was to be held, nor who was to be tried." Magistrate.Š" Do you swear that you summoned him ?" Constable.Š" Yes." Bystanders.Š" You did not read the sum-mons." Magistrate.Š" Do you swear you read the summons ?" Constable.ŠNo; I read his name to him off the back of the warrant. I had no sum-mons. You did not give me any, and I am green and do not know how to do this busi-ness." Magistrate.Š" Why did you not tell me you had no summons?" Constable.Š" I did try to tell you, but I could not make you understand." Magistrate.--" Well, there are no wit-nesses in this case except yourself. I guess we are both pretty badly mixed." Mr. Baker to magistrate.Š" Well, I guess it makes little difference as I should have to appeal the case anyway." The magistrate then tried to make out, an appeal bond but was so confused that he could not do it. He then tried to find a friend who has sometimes assisted him at his work, but this friend had absented himself, refusing to have anything to do with the matter. Magistrate to Mr. Baker.--" There is one way left for me, you state any day you like within a week and appear here, and we will proceed with the trial." Mr. Baker to magistrate.--" I am here for trial now and want the matter settled to-day." Magistrate.Š" I can't do it; I don't know how to make out the bond. I am in no con-dition to proceed with the trial. Who are to be your bondsmen ?" Mr. Baker made arrangements with two of his friends, and then the magistrate proposed that it was not necessary that Mr. Baker again appear in court, but that he (the mag- 