84 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The man who governs himself will not govern an-other, because when he governs another he ceases to govern himself. He tramples upon justice by which alonegovernment is possible. He becomes a despot, and those whom he rules are slaves. Such a state of things is not government in any sense; it is anarchy. The despot does not govern himself, but is dominated by the evils of his nature; namely, iniquity, or "lawlessness," which is the very opposite of government. It is evident that government cannot spring from a source where only its opposite exists. So the despot's alleged government of others is not government at all, but is misgovern-ment, oppression, and tyranny. All this is true whether the despotism be administered by one man or by millions of people. All history has shown that those people who govern themselves most govern other people least. Those who have had the best control of themselves, have and desire the least control of others. When the Romans were "kings over their own appetites, passions, and inclina-tions," they governed themselves. Becoming the slaves of these appetites, passions, and inclinations, they es-tablished despotic rule throughout the earth. It was the early Romans who possessed the faculty of self-gov-ernment. This faculty was lost when they got the power to govern others. When the Romans had pursued the policy of expan-sion to its utmost limit and were at the very zenith of the power which that policy gave them, it was then that they multiplied laws in order to control themselves, and those who made them were frequently the first to break them; it was then that crimes of every description were open and unrebuked; it was then, in fact, that the Ro-mans were in abject slavery, and were furnishing to the world one of the most awful examples in its history, of the abject condition to which man can be brought when self-control is lost and only the evils of his nature, stim-ulated _by the prince of evil, are given loose rein. This was in fact the worst example in the world's history; for it was then that "the fullness of the time had come," and men were "filled with all unrighteousness, fornication, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness: full of envy, murder, debate, deceit, malignity: whisperers, backbi-ters, haters of God, despiteful, proud, boasters, invent-ors of evil things, disobedient to parents, without under-standing, covenantbreakers, without natural affection, implacable, unmerciful: Who knowing the judgment of God, that they which commit such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but have pleasure in them that do them." Rom. 1:29-32. Even the desire to rule others is a loss of self-govern-ment. The prevalence of such a desire throughout the United States to-day is simply a proclamation that that faculty or_principle by which alone a republican govern-ment can endure is being lost by a large number of peo-ple in this country. It would, therefore, have been far more fitting and appropriate in view of the actual con- dition of things, if the attorney-general had uttered a saying somewhat like this: "If we cannot govern our-selves. by what token are we to govern others?" If ab-solute self control does not confer the right to dominate others, under and by virtue of what authority is that right claimed when self-control has largely disappeared? Religious Liberty Guarded by American Constitutions. THE following on this subject is laid down in Judge Cooly's great work on Constitutional Limitations (sixth edition, page 571):Š "A careful examination of the American constitu-tions will disclose the fact that nothing is more fully set forth or more plainly expressed than the determination of their authors to preserve and perpetuate religious lib-erty, and to' guard against the slightest approach to-wards the establishment of an inequality in the civil and political rights of citizens, which shall have for its basis only their differences of religious belief. "The American people came to the work of framing their fundamental laws after centuries of religious op-pression and prosecution which sometimes by one party or sect and sometimes by another, had taught them the utter futility of all attempts to propagate religious opin-ions by the rewards, penalties, or terrors of human laws. They could not fail to perceive, also, that a union of church and state, like that which existed in England, if not wholly impracticable in America, was certainly op-posed to the spirit of our institutions, and that any domineering of one sect over another was repressing to the energies of the people, and must necessarily tend to discontent and disorder. Whatever, therefore, may have been their individual sentiments upon religious questions or upon the propriety of the State assuming supervision and control of religious affairs under other circum-stances, the general voice has been that persons of every religious persuasion should be made equal before the law, and that questions of religious belief and religious wor-ship should be questions between each individual man and his Maker. Of these questions human tribunals, so long as the public order is not disturbed, are not to take cognizance, except as his voluntary action in associat-ing himself with a religious organization, may have con-ferred upon such organization a jurisdiction over him in ecclesiastical matters. "These constitutions, therefore, have not established religious toleration merely, but religious equality; in that particular being far in advance not only of the mother country, but also of much of the colonial legisla-tion, which though more liberal than that of other civ-ilized countries, nevertheless exhibited features of dis-crimination based upon religious beliefs and profes sions. . . . "Those things which are not lawful under any of the American constitutions may be stated thus:Š "1. Any law respecting an establishment of religion. The legislatures have not been left at liberty to effect a union of church and state, or to establish preferences by law in favor of any one religious persuasion or mode of 