THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 45 institution? Will such a course increase men's piety? Can the people of Massachu-setts be made Sabbath-keepers by a few strokes of the pen by our legislators? Nay, verily. Compel a man by law to perform a religious act contrary to his convictions, and you make a hypocrite of him. If he resist the law and it be enforced upon him, you have inaugurated persecution. If my conscience impresses upon me the conviction that I should observe Sun-day, let me do it as best I may, but never should I lift my hand to compel my neighbor to pursue the same course. If I Can convince him that it is right, that it is a Christian act, and he ,ought to do it, well and good, but co-ercion is not the prerogative of, the individual or. of the State in such matters. Mr. C. says : " Let us bring the whole popu-lation to the church and Sunday-school." Now if we are right in " compelling all, by law, to rest so that we may secure the liberty of each to rest," why not compel all by law to 4ttend the church and Sunday-school? Yes, why not go a step farther and compel all to be baptized? Again Mr. C. says : "Let church members be instructed in the full scientific as well as biblical significance of Sunday observance." Here we apprehend is where a difficulty will arise. The conscientious Sabbatarian in-trenches himself behind the fourth command-ment of the decalogue, which says, "The sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God, in it thou shalt not do any work." But Sun-day is the first day, and he insists that its "biblical significance" is a myth. Shall such be compelled: to observe a day which to them has no religious significance whatever? Again, will the unbeliever, the infidel, or atheist be made pious by compelling him to religiously observe the Sunday? We Can but admire the first amendment of our national constitution. We cannot imag-ine how the actual and necessary limitations under which human Governments rest can be better expressed than they are in that amend-ment : " Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishing of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." In no one part of that instrument is, the wisdom of the founders of our Government shown more than in this first amendment. And if we prove ourselves worthy of such an ancestry, we will preserve it just as they left it to us. Neither Congress nor the Legislature has any right to erect a false standard of religion, and it is not their prerogative to enforce a true one.ŠD. A. R., in Worcester (Mass.) Daily Spy. IT is interesting to observe that our Master, though several times importuned to declare himself to take issue with public evils of the most patent enormity, and to exert his influ-ence on pressing politico-moral questions, on every occasion palpably declined to do any-thing of the kind.Š W. W. Harris, D. D. N HŁ "PUT them in mind to be subject to princi-palities and powers, to obey magistrates, to be ready to every good work." Titus 3:1. The Doings of National Reform. WE herewith present to ,our readers a report of the doings of National Reform assembled in convention in the city of Pittsburgh, and also a summary of the work of the Association for the past year. The Convention assembled Wednesday eve-ning, May 11, at 7 :45. After the formalities of opening there was a speech by Rev. T. P. Stevenson, editor of the Christian Statesman, and one by Rev. J. P. Mills, the MethodiSt Episcopal " District Secretary " of National Reform; after which Dr. McAllister closed the evening meeting with a statement and an appeal. The statement was that the Associa-tion began the year with a debt of between $2,500 and $3,000, and that the work had been carried forward on so broad a scale that there had been a little added to the debt, al-though the receipts had been over $7,000. Four men had been laboring all of the time, 'and three others a part of the time. One man had preached 150 sermons, delivered 60 addresses, and had written articles by the score. He stated that the successful work in the South had awakened enthusiasm in the North, especially in Pittsburgh. He said: " There is developing one of the grandest movements the world ever saw,Ša work that is to bring the North and South together. It will bring together all patriots. If we can unite the Christian sentiment of North and South, we shall bridge what has been called the `bloody chasm.' " The appeal was then for funds to carry on the work. " In the South men of all the different denominations are ready to take hold. There ought to be three or four men to go all through the South, to organize the work. The cause is worthy of your confi-dence and your means." " secretary " Weir is the man who has just made a tour through the South, and an ac-count of his trip, was made the special order for the evening session on the morrow. The first thing after the opening exercises on the morning of the  12th, was the annual report of the Corresponding Secretary. He stated that " the past year has been memora-ble in the history of the cause, because never before was there such a readiness to receive our speakers. We had speakers at Ocean Grove, at Chautauqua, and at Saratoga. At Saratoga was the most hearty reception. Ar-rangements have been made for an all-day session at Ocean Grove the coming season, also at a popular resort in Maryland, and near Chicago, and for a three days' session at Lakeside, Sandusky, Ohio. The Christian Statesman has been placed in 289 reading-rooms of the Young Men's Christian Associa-tion. More than 30,000 of the old series of National Reform documents, and 5,000 of the new series, have been distributed. So that, including the Christian Statesman, there has been circulated by systematic and habitual distribution 2,710,000 pages of National Re-form literature." " Besides the regular lectureship of the As-sociation, there have been nearly fifty volun- teer lecturers, who have given about 100 lect-ures. The greatest help has been by the Woman's Christian Temperance Union.. Two years ago the Union establigied a department of Sabbath observance.. One year ago, at the suggestion of National Reform, the Union es-tablished a department on the Bible in public schools." The secretary himself had addressed their National Convention, and they had thanked him. " Of the monthly responsive readings of the Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union, three were in the line of National ReformŠone on God in Government, one on Sabbath observance, and one on national sins. Miss Willard loses no opportunity to declare that the Government rests on His shoulders. Both Miss .Willard and Mrs. Woodbridge ad- dressed the workingmen and introduced Na- tional Reform ideas. And not the least grati-fying sign is the fact that for the first time in our history the fear of God has found a place in political platforms. And that this oppor-tunity might be made the most of, the following memorial had been framed, and is to be sent to every person that can be reached; to be signed and returned:Š " The undersigned, who has sympathized and acted with the party, desires that the future platforms of that party shall not fail to contain an acknowledgment of Al-mighty God as the source of authority and power in civil government, of Christ as the king of all nations, and of the supreme authority of his moral laws Ł together with declarations favoring the prohibition of the liquor traffic, the defense of the Sabbath, the Christian features of our public education, and a na-tional marriage and divorce law in harmony with the law of Christ. The names of women are desired as well as the names of men ! ' " This with the special design of pressing the subject upon the attention of all parties at their next National Convention." Also last fall an " admirable draft " for thanksgiving proclamations in the name of Christ had been sent to all the governors, but the request had been complied with in only one instance, and that was Governor Scales, of North California. In conclusion he stated that " never before were there echoes of Na-tional Reform from so many, nor so influential, quarters," and referred to statements made by Dr. Talmage, "Sam " Jones, Joseph Cook, and others. Next there was given the reports of District Secretaries. Secretary Foster reported 135 ser-mons, 65 lectures; interviewed 10 presidents of colleges, 30 professors, and 12 editors; preached in 12 Presbyterian and 11 Methodist Churches, and lifted collections averaging $109.78 a month. And the people ready for National Reform ! Secretary Wylie reported for " three months, 'spent mostly in Michigan and Indiana, espe-cially in connection with the Prohibition Cam-paign in Michigan. Delivered 25 sermons, 39 lectures, visited 2 annual conferences of the United Brethren Church, and 1 of Free Methodist, and 3 colleges. No difficulty to get a hearing in colleges." Secretary Weir reported that from April 1, 1886, to February 4, 1887, he had addressed in the aggregate over 7,000 people, received 