SEPTEMBER 13, 1894. AAIIMILICASN 285 any work " (Ex. 20: 10), it is very strange that Private Cedarquist should persist in refusing to perform military duties on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday; and that he, the editor of the Midland, and the President of this " Chris-tian(?) nation" should all hold the erro-neous idea that Sunday is the Sabbath. t Then again, it is exceedingly strange that in a paper in which Sunday is spoken of as the Sabbath one would be able to find such language as is next quoted :Š The servants of God must know, obey and submit to the will of God in all things as the angels do in heaven. . . . The moral law, as a rule of life, is original and absolute, universal and permanent. It has never been abrogated. Christ came, not to destroy, but to fulfill, not to abolish, but to establish the law. We are under this law to Christ. God reveals his will in the precepts of his Word. These must be obeyed. . . . As the Saviour said, when the cup of sorrow was given him: "Not my will, but thine be done." Strange it is also that a law enforcing the observance of a day which is nowhere in the Scriptures said to be the Sabbath should be called a "righteous Christian" law; and strange indeed is the idea that even the obedience of a truly righteous law should be enforced, when the Word teaches that willing service is the only kind that God accepts. " Woe unto you, lawyers I for ye have taken away the key of knowledge: ye en-tered not in yourselves, and them that were entering in ye hindered." Luke 11 : 52. J. L. HUMBERT. The Pope as International Arbitrator. AN important article is to be found in the Civilta, Cattolica on the question of international arbitration in connection with the memorial which, as a result of the Chicago congresses, has been issued by the United States Government to all the governments of the civilized world. This document prays that they will unitedly agree by mutual treaties to sub-mit for settlement by arbitration all such international differences as shall fail of satisfactory solution by ordinary diplo-matic methods. The Civilk't hails the step as one of extreme significance, and speaks of it, indeed, as "little less than gigantic;" by it the question of inter-national arbitration ceases to be a mere private matter, and has become a univer-sal question in which all the governments of the world are interested. The institu-tion, declares the Jesuit writer, of such a high court of international justice would of itself be sufficient to immortalize our century. MORAL LAW THE ONLY BASIS. Coming to ways and means, the article discusses the basis on which arbitration should be built up. Mere utility would not be sufficient, would not compel the assent of nations in moments of fierce rivalry. The basis must be the higher one of moral right, which alone possesses the two indispensable qualifications of universality and invariability. Great and small, strong and weak, must all feel that they are on a precisely equal level in the eyes of the arbitrators. Public opinion, too, must come to *heir support, and hence no time should be lost in cultivating pop- It is true that it is strange that any man with the open Bible in his hand should wish to honor Sunday, or that any one should place himself in jeopardy for the sake of observing a day which God has not commanded; but so far as his fellow-men are concerned, every man has a right to his conscience, however erroneous it may be. Private Cedarquist has, so far as man is concerned, just as much right to keep Sunday as anybody else has to keep the Sabbath, of the Lord,-EDITORS SENTINEL. ular sentiment in favor of this all-impor-tant subject of permanent peace. To the question of who is to arbitrate the Civilta declares frankly that only one answer is possible. The pope must act as arbitrator; he alone possesses in his person the indispensable qualifications: "1. His power is spiritual and, there-fore, more removed from mere political considerations than that of any other monarch. " 2. The pope is habitually an old man and celibate, devoid of family ties and uninfluenced by passion. " 3. He is compelled to take as his model in the eyes of the world that divine Prince of Peace, whose representative on earth he is. "4. Whereas the increase of their tem-poral estates is the great aim and object of all sovereigns, the sole glory of the pontiff consists In the open defense of truth and right. " 5. The decisions of the pope are likely to be accessible to all, t ven to those who do not recognize his religious domination as being those of a great moral power." Seek for and find, if you can, concludes the writer, any man who can give higher pledges of integrity than these.ŠReview of Reviews, for July. Where Will It End? As we look about us and see the result of the controversy between capital and labor, the question is suggested to our minds, Where will all this end ? What will be the final result of this contention if it continues ? If it be true, as it cer-tainly is, that history repeats itself, can we not see where this will end, by notic-ing how similar agitations have ended ? We find a striking resemblance between the Roman republic and the American Republic. The Roman constitution " was popular in form beyond all constitutions of which there is any record in history."* The fact of their being able to prosper under such a constitution was due to their power of self-control. " They were called a nation of kings, kings over their own appetites, passions, and inclinations. . . . They were free politically, because free-dom meant to them, not freedom to do as they pleased, but freedom to do what was right." t Such were the Romans formerly, but as their conquests spread, " money poured in upon them in rolling streams of gold." t With the money came luxury, and luxury was followed by vice. Thus we see a change coming over the morals of the Romans. They no longer did what was right, but that which would promote their own selfish interests. Vice and corrup-tion preyed upon the very vitals of so-ciety. "The ' virtues ' which they had been taught to reverence had no place among the graces of the new theology." § The Romans, once masters of their evil tendencies and desires, were now mastered by them; and it was this loss of the power of self-control, in which lay the germ of decay of the Roman government. " Pop-ular forms of government are possible only where individual men can govern their own lives on moral principles, and where duty is of more importance than pleasure, and justice than material expe-diency." II A republic is a government of the peo- *Froude, "Caesar," chap. 2, par. 1. t Id. par. 2. # Id. par. 6. § Id. par. 8. II Id. chap. 1, par. 6. pie, and is nothing more or less than the individuals who compose it, united into a body for the mutual benefit of all con-cerned. So above all other forms of gov-ernment it is necessary that the character of those individuals remain uncorrupted. If one man has not the power of self-restraint to control himself as an indi-vidual, ten thousand such men would be equally as incapable of governing them-selves as a body. So when Roman moral-ity fell, their days of self-government were numbered. " Money ! the cry was still money !Šmoney was the one thought from the highest senator to the poorest wretch who sold his vote in the Comitia. For money judges gave unjust decrees and jurors gave corrupt verdicts. " To obtain money justly or unjustly, legally or ille-gally, became the universal passion among all classes. Yet " with all his wealth there were but two things which the Roman noble could buy, political power and luxury. . . . The elections, once pure, became matters of annual bargain between himself and his supporters."t The financial condition of the rich and poor grew farther and farther apart. The rich were happy in the possession of all they could desire. The multitude was kept quiet by the morsels of meat which were flung to it when it threatened to be troublesome." I But this method of preserving peace would not long answer the purpose. The poor were inspired by the spirit of envy and jealousy. Leaders like Tiberius and Caius Gracchus arose to relieve the distressed condition of the peo-ple, but, supposing the end to justify any means, resorted to civil strife and blood-shed. " It is easy to persuade the masses that the good things of this world are unjustly divided, especially when it hap-pens to be the exact truth." § As the " Roman constitution had grown out of the character of the Roman peo-ple ; " II when the character of the Roman people became so corrupt that they no longer had the power of self-control, their republican form of government was at an end. Now, if the fall of Roman morality re-sulted in the fall of the Roman republic; and if like causes produce like results; what is to hinder the same result follow-ing the same condition of affairs existing in the United States to-day ? Is human nature any different to-day from what it was in the days of the Roman republic ? If it is not, can we not look for the same results to-day that we see in the history of Rome ? As it was in the days of Rome, so we see it to-day. To obtain money, and thereby indulge in luxury, is the ambition of all classes in our country. For money men will sell their hope of eternal life. Money is the channel through which cor-ruption has crept and is creeping into our Government. The truthfulness of the words of Paul was never more perfectly demonstrated than it is to-day: "But they that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and into many foolish and hurt-ful lusts, which drown men in destruc-tion and perdition. For the love of money is the root of all evil." 1 Tim. 6:9, 10. The rich, not satisfied with what they have already gained, in many cases, by defrauding the laboring men, are combin-ing to grind him lower and lower. While * Id. chap. 2, par. 8. t Id. par. 7. Id. par. 9. § lb. II Id. par. 1. 