AMERICAN SENTINEL. 729 which is described as a general one, "profoundly affect-ing Western Europe," Mr. A. Tolman Smith says in a late issue of the New York Independent: "It is not so much a reaction against secular schools as against the extreme and alarming demands of socialists." THE socialist propaganda is a movement that has long claimed the attention of the papacy. The papacy claims to stand as the bulwark against the evils which threaten society and good government from the spread of socialistic doctrines. She alone, of all powers upon earth, is able to hold the turbulent masses of the people within the limits of wholesome restraint. This is her claim, and there is much in the facts of the situation to afford it justification. The papacy does have a hold upon the masses, in European lands especially, which is recognized by the governments of those countries; and in this fact lies a source of tremendous power for the advancement of papal interests throughout the realm of European civilization and control. Those governments are often forced to appeal to the papacy for the assist-ance of her powerful influence in securing support for measures which the state deems of much importance to its welfare. Of such an occasion the papacy never fails to take advantage. She gives her support to state measures only in exchange for such a concession from the state as will afford a rich harvest for herself. * THE papacy stands as the ancient and never-chang-ing representative of the doctrine of compulsory religious education. In every civilized land on the globe she is working assiduously to secure for this doctrine the recognition and support of the government. In some of the countries of Europe there is a clerical party which bids for the direct support of the people at the polls. In others, and in the United States, she forms an alliance with one of the leading political parties; and either through her manipulations of politics, or by direct con-cession from the government in return for her support of some pet measure of the state, she works steadily to attain her ends. This, in brief, is the inside history of the change which has recently swept over the educational system of Belgium, and which is sweeping over the like systems in other lands. It is the history in advance of the change which will overtake the educational system in the United States, as certainly as the operation of existing causes is allowed to continue. * * IN time, the demands of socialism here, as in Eu-ropean lands, will become "extreme and alarming;" if, indeed, they have not already reached that point. In the popular unrest which this, in conjunction with other causes, must produce, society will turn, in alarm, to the one power which gives promise of being able to con-trol the tumultŠthe church. There is one point about  human nature which affords the church a powerful hold upon mankind, and that point is superstition. The masses who never hear the thunders of Sinai denouncing their individual sins, are powerfully moved by the thun-ders of the church against some " godless " feature of secular government. The church will prescribe the rem-edy for the evils which threaten society and the govern-ment, and the superstitious masses will vote that they be carried into effect. Of this result there are numerous indications in the record of current events. * THE church says that our secular system of educa-tion is "godless." She says that this system of education is producing godless men and womenŠthe class of people who feed the ranks of socialism and are responsible for the spreading spirit of hostility to law and order. She says that the remedy lies in the introduction of religious teaching into the public schools. She says that in the prevalence of disasters which bring widespread ruin and distress upon the country, are to be seen the judgments of God signifying his displeasure against a godless gov-ernment. IN all this, the Protestant church voices the senti-ment of Rome. 'In calling for the establishment of com-pulsory religious instruction in the public schools, she is calling for Rome's own system. She is calling for that which Rome is putting forth her most aggressive efforts to secure. A recognition of that system as proper and desirable is a recognition of Rome. And by Rome will a harvest of gain be reaped when that system shall have been set up. WE may expect, from this time forward, to see a rapid metamorphosis taking place in the public school system of education, which will eventually leave it with every secular feature effaced, and stamped with the fea-tures of a union of church and state. For such a union there must be when the state becomes a teacher of reli-gion. We will then no longer have occasion to speak with pride of "our free system" of public education. It is to this result that the forces of disintegration in soci-ety and popular government are surely working. IT seems to have been a very convenient thing for the German government that recently two German mis-sionaries, while engaged in their calling in one of the provinces of China, were murdered by the subjects of that government. At any rate, Germany has proceeded to take "satisfaction" for the deed in a manner which strongly suggests this thought. She has sent a naval force to the coast province of Shantung and taken pos-session of the very important harbor in Kiaochou Bay, driving out the Chinese garrisons from the forts and 