394 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Fined for Selling Groceries on Sunday. POLICE JUDGE EARNHART, of Columbus, Ohio, from whom the SENTINEL has quoted before in reference to Sunday enforcement, has given a decision sustaining the action of the Grocers' Association of Columbus for clos-ing all grocery stores on Sundays. The case was that,  of grocer William Heinmiller, who was convicted of keeping open his grocery on Sunday, June 4, and fined $20 and costs. In his decision the judge said, speaking of the wisdom of a weekly rest at regular recurring intervals:Š "It is within the power of the general assembly to require this cessation of labor and to name the day of rest. "Following this feeling the Christian Sabbath has been selected as the day of rest, and by section of 1033 of the R. S. it is unlawful to keep open the store upon the Sabbath for the transaction of business, works of necessity and charity excepted. By this definition all moral and religious consideration are excluded, and the legality of the acts rests upon the exercise of the police power." But whether "all moral and religious consideration are excluded" or not in enforcing Sunday observance, is a question to be settled not by "this definition," but by the facts of the case. And those facts unite in testifying that "moral and religious consideration" are insepara-ble from the observance of a weekly day of rest. The Creator said, "Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work." The Creator therefore divided the week into six working days, and the seventh day, the Sabbath; and to main-tain that division in one's practice in life is certainly a "moral and religious" act, for it is obedience to the law of God. Not to obey God is immoral and irreligious. And this disposes of the idea that it is within the power of a general assembly to require a weekly cessation from rest and to name the day of rest. When a general as-sembly or a legislature can improve on the arrangement established by the Creator, when such a body demon-strates its possession of wisdom superior to God's, and of authority and power to set aside his arrangement and in its place put one of their own,Šit will be time to proceed with the arrangement called for by the Sunday laws. But until then, God's arrangement must stand, in wisdom, in justice, and in the practice of all those who would show themselves loyal to him. Self-Government and Despotism. LINCOLN in one of his celebrated speeches voiced a positive truism when he said: "When the white man governs himself, that is self-government; but when he governs himself and also another man, that is more  than self-governmentŠthat is despotism." It was such despotism from which our forefathers desired to be re-leased when they penned that Declaration which pro-nounced that "all men are created equal and are en-dowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights," the American principle,Šthe Christian principle, which inspired Lincoln's utterance, and which has challenged. the admiration of the world. How would Mr. Lincoln be received to-day by the "imperialists" were he alive? He would doubtless be considered an out-of-date "old fogy" or a traitor. S. B. HORTON. 44 Too Mach Like Spain. EVER since the early part of last February, the American forces in the Philippines have been fighting the natives almost daily and routing them always with great slaughter; yet after each defeat the Filipinos have been on hand several thousand strong for the next bat-tle; and a late-published report from Manila tells of the fiercest battle of the campaign being fought with "the largest and best organized body of men which has met our troops." This is curiously like the news that came from Cuba via Havana for a year or more prior to American inter-vention. In every engagement the Spanish troops routed the insurgents with heavy loss; yet the insur-gents always turned up again ready for fight in appar-ently undiminished force. It is declared that there is no war in the Philippines Šonly an insurrection raised by a small party of the natives. So says the New York Sun, of June 13. Spain likewise declared there was no war in Cuba; she was only combatting an insurrection which was in the last stages off failure. After a hundred and thirty days of reported defeat and slaughter of the Filipinos, with one or two an-nouncements by the imperialist press that the war was ended, the hardest and least successful battle of the cam-paign is fought near the sea between Manila and Cavite, on ground occupied when the troops first landed; and otlier news comes which is not made public, but:is so se-rious as to call for a midnight council of war at Wash-ington, and orders for the immediate dispatch of rein-forcements. There is too much similarity between this and recent Spanish history to reflect credit on the United States. Spain is an imperialist nation; and UnitedIStates his-tory would never be similar to that of Spain except under an imperialist regime. , IT is customary for religious people to object to Sunday labor because it offends what they call the "Christian conscience." It would be well to remember that the only Christian conscience that God knows any- 