358 AMERICAN SENTINEL. astical authority. Between the two let there be no or-ganic connection; render to Cmsar Caesar's things, no more, no less, and to God God's things, no more, no less. ŠRev. Kerr Boyce Tupper, Baptist. Nations That Are Saved, and Reformed. BY R. M. KILGORE. RETURNING to the prophecy of Isaiah, referred to in our last article, we find some additional expressions which would appear to teach that in the last days there would be an absence of evil influences, and a preponder-ance of all that is good. Another prophet (Joel 3:9-14), speaking also of the same time, presents a view so contrary to that by Isaiah and Micah, we beg the indul-gence of the reader, while we place before him both of these prophecies:Š JOEL. "And it shall come to "Proclaim ye this among pass in the last days, that the gentiles: Prepare war, the mountain of the Lord's wake up the mighty men; house shall be established let all the men of war draw in the top of the mountain, near; let them come up; and shall be exalted above beat your plowshares into the hills; and all nations swords, and your pruning-shall flow unto it. And hooks into spears; let the many people shall go and weak say, I am strong. say, Come ye, and let us go Assemble yourselves and up to the mountain of the come, all ye heathen, and Lord, to the house of the gather yourselves together God of Jacob; and he will round about, thither cause teach us of his ways, and thy mighty ones to come we will walk in his paths; down, 0 Lord. Let the for out of zion shall go heathen be wakened, and forth the law, and the word come up to the valley of of the Lord from Jerusa-  Jehoshaphat: for there I lem. And he shall judge will sit to judge all the among the nations, and heathen round about. Put shall rebuke many people; ye in the sickle, for the and they shall beat their harvest is ripe; come, get swords into plowshares, you down; for the press is and their spears into prim- full, the fats overflow; for inghooks ; nation shall their wickednese is great. not lift up sword against Multitudes, multitudes, in nation, neither shall they the valley of decision; for learn war any more. 0 the day of the Lord is near house of Jacob, come ye, in the valley of decision." and let us walk in the light Chap. 3:9-14. of the Lord." Chap. 2:2-5. It will not be questioned that these prophets are speaking of events which are to take place at the end of this world. The "last days" spoken of by Isaiah and Micah, and the "harvest" time, when the "day of the Lord is near," referred to by Joel, must be one and the same time. Matt. 13:39. But the difficulty lies in the fulfillment of their opposing statements. One says, -"Nation shall not lift up sword against naion, neither  shall they learn [the art of] war any more"; the other commands, "Prepare war, wake up the mighty men, let all the men of war draw near, let them come up [to war]." One says, "They shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruninghooks." The other commands; "Beat your plowshares into swords, and your pruninghooks into spears." One says, "Come ye, and let us go up to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths." The other declares that their "wickedness is great." "Multitudes, multitudes in the valley of deci- cision," and "Let the heathen be wakened, and come up," not to the house of God, but to the valley of Je-hoshaphat; "for there will I sit to judge all the heathen round about." Now, the reader will say, These are palpable contra-dictions, and they both 'cannot be realized. Yes; they are contradictory, and let us look for their fulfillment. The harmony is found in the fact that two parties of opposite opinions are making these utterances. In Isaiah and Micah we have what the Lord declares that "many people" and "many nations" shall "say" in the "last days," and that in Isaiah 2:3 and Micah 4, verse 2, and which follows, is the language of the "people." While that in Joel is what the Lord has said, verses 8 and 12. The "many people"Šthe "multitudes" are found to be in conflict with the Lord. They dd not har-monize with him, and this is not surprising at such a time of confusion as that will be. The multitudes and nations never have agreed with the Lord, and but "few" of the people will walk in the strait and narrow way; but "wide is the gate, and broad is the way, that leadeth to destruction, and many there be which go in thereat." Matt. 7:13,14. The people are wrong, but the Lord is always right. Now, what is being done, and what are the people saying? Already a world's congress of religions has been called; evangelical alliances are formed; millions of people petitioning Congress to enact and enforce Christian laws upon all the people, and associations, leagues and societies are organized, and determined that these measures shall be carried put; and now a world's peace congress is just before us, with the object of dis-arming the nationsŠlaying down their implements of war, taking up the implements of husbandry, and are saying, Let us learn war no more. But what are they doing? With the cry of "peace, peace," comes-the com-mand from all the great powers of earth, "Prepare war, wake up the mighty men." In obedience to which the arming of the nations proceeds. Battle ships of every description multiply; cannon of still greater volume and power are manufactured and placed in position; later patents of more effective musketry are put into the hands of increased armies, and new devices and explo-sives for the destruction of life and property are con-stantly coming to the front and put to execution. New territory is being acquired, and the thirst for expansion 