Ł 384 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American Sentinel. NEW YORK, JUNE 16, 1898. open the grounds and buildings Sun-day afternoons, and to make reli-gious gatherings and sacred concerts features of the fair at such times.  unqualified as Christians? What is the explanation of this seeming over-sight? LAW is to be respected, not because it is law, but because it is the embod-iment of right and justice. The fiat of the legislature cannot add any-thing to our personal obligation to do right. THE New York Sun is authority for the statement that on June 9 the Western University of Pennsylvania conferred the degree of LL.D on Ad-miral Dewey, in consideration of the fact that Dewey's ships have Pitts-burg armor plate on their sides, and that a member of the faculty manuŁ factured some of the "range finders" used on Dewey's guns. It seems there .are various ways in which a univer-sity degree may be gotten hold of these days. "TEE most murderous weapon ever invented" is a thing that is frequently being invented in these warlike days. The latest thing of the kind is a gun for throwing an aerial torpedo, and is devised by Mr. Hudson Maxim, brother of the inventor of the well-known Maxim gun. The projectile fired from this new gun can be filled with half a ton of high explosive, and be hurledŠso it is saidŠas far as a shell from a modern high-power gun. Mr. Maxim is so anxious to try his new invention that he is trying to persuade the Government to let him use it against the Spaniards in Cuba, at his own expense for transporta-tion and necessary preparations. He came all the way from England for this purpose. That is always the way with men who invent weapons of destruction, or who carry them around. They are always itching for a chance to try them; and if they can have a human target to experiment on, the affair simply becomes so much the more interesting to them. A COMPROMISE seems to have been effected on the question of Sunday opening of the Trans-Mississippi Ex-position. The present policy is to KENTUCKY distillers, it is said. pro-pose to send 50,000 "one drink" bot-tles of whiskey to Cuba for the use of the American soldiers when they oc-cupy the island. As the soldiers in Cuba evidently do not need anything beyond what the climate provides to keep them warm, at this season of the year, it is explained that the purpose of the whiskey is to put them in good fighting trim. That whiskey will do this for a soldier or any other person, is a perfectly sound claim; but it would be sad indeed if the men who went to the war under the inspi-ration of patriotism and love for hu-manityŠas it is supposed the men of the army have goneŠshould have to fall back on whiskey to be enabled to prosecute the campaign. It is to be hoped the Government will not lend itself to any such scheme. Ł As has been stated frequently and at considerable length in the press reports, the volunteers for the army have been subjected to a rigid exami-nation to ascertain their fitness for serving in the war. So rigid has this examination been that a large per cent. of the number failed to secure enlistment. But there is one thing that seems to have been strangely overlooked. It, will be remembered that this is a Christian warŠa war not only perfectly justifiable but ac-tually demanded from the Christian standpoint. This has been declared so many times and with such posi-tiveness by men in the pulpit as well as out of it that it is not to be sup-posed any question can be raised on that point. And yet we have not seen, so far, any intimation that a single one of the applicants for en-listment has been examined with ref-erence to his Christianity. Appar-ently no interest whatever is taken by the authorities in the question whether the men are qualified from a Christian standpoint; but how can a Christian war be conducted by men WHAT are you doing to educate the people of this country in the princi- ples of religious liberty? What do you purpose to do during the remain-der of this year to help preserve the freedom which has been the heritage of the American people? NothingŠdid you say? Then do not fall into the error of thinking there will be nothing done on either side of this controversy. There are people in this country who are not so indifferent toward what they regard as their opportunities and duties in the mat-ter. The other side are doing some-thing. They are doing a great deal more than they ever were before, to create public sentiment in favor of the rigid enforcement of religious laws. They believe in a campaign of education, and they have begun such a campaign in earne4. If you do nothing to educate the people, they will be educated, nevertheless; but it will be just the opposite of the educa-tion they ought to receive; and a heavy load of responsibility and of consequences will fall upon you who know the evil and the danger of the modern "reform" movements which involve a union of religion with the state. The activity and earnestness of the church and-state party pro-claim that the hour has come for the decisive effort in setting the truth be-fore the people. The wise man is he who sees the opportunity when it comes and grasps it. Don't merely say; "I'm going to." Thegood things you are going to do never gave the devil any concern. THE Ministerial Association of Reading, Pa., are conducting a pros-ecution of the Reading baseball club for Sunday ball playing. A press item says : "The regular city ball ground was not used, but another ground two miles from the city, far away from any houses. The games were quiet and orderly, and pleased thousands." 