102 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. ation of rights declared it to be a truth and a natural right that the exercise of religion should be free; but when they proceeded to form on that declaration the ordinance of Government, instead of taking up every principle declared in the Bill of Rights, and guarding it by legislative sanction, they passed over that which as-serted our religious rights, leaving them as they found them. The same convention, however, when they met as a member of the General Assembly in October, 1770, repealed all Acts of Parliament which had rendered criminal the maintaining any opinions in matters of religion, the for-bearing to repair to church, and the exer-cising any mode of worship ; and suspended the laws giving salaries to the clergy, which suspension was made perpetual in Octo-ber, 1779. Statutory oppressions in relig-ion being thus wiped away, we remain at present under those only imposed by the common law or by our own Act of As-sembly. At the common law, heresy was a capital offense, punishable by burning. Its defi-nition was left to the ecclesiastical judges, before whom the conviction was, till the statute circumscribed it by declaring that nothing should be deemed heresy but what had been so determined by authority of the canonical Scriptures, or by one of the first four general councils, or by some other council having for the grounds of their declaration the express and plain words of the Scriptures. Heresy, thus circum-scribed, being an offense at the common law, our Act of Assembly of October, 1777, chapter 17, gives cognizance of it to the general court by declaring that the juris-diction of that court shall be general in all matters at the common law. The exe-cution is by the writ de hceritico corn-burendo. By our own Act of Assembly of 1705, chapter 20; if a person brought up in the Christian religion denies the being of a God, or the Trinity, or asserts that there are more Gods than one, or denies the ChriStian religion to be true, or the Script-ures to be of divine authority, he is pun-ishable on the first offense by incapacity to hold any office or employment ecclesias-tical, civil, or military; on the second by disability to sue, to take any gift or legacy, to be guardian, executor, or administrator, and by three years' imprisonment, without bail. A father's right to the custody of his own children being founded in law on his right, of guardianship, they may of course be severed from him, and put., by the authority of a court, into more ortho-dox hands. This is a summary view of that religious slavery under which a people have been willing to remain, who have lavished their lives and fortunes for the establishment of their civil freedom. The error seems not sufficiently eradi-cated that the operations of the mind as  well as the acts of the body are subject to the coercion of the laws. But our rulers can have authority over such natural rights only as we have submitted to them. The rights of conscience we never submit-ted, we could not submit. We are answer-able for them to our God. The legitimate powers of Government extend to such acts only as are injurious to others. But it does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no God. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg. If it be said his testi-mony in a court of justice can not be re-lied on, reject it then, and be the stigma on him. Constraint may make him worse by making him a hypocrite, but it will never make him a truer man. It may fix him obstinately in his errors, but will not cure them. Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error. Give a loose rein to them, they will support the true religion by bringing every false one to their tribunal, to the test of their investi-gation. They are the natural enemies of error, and of error only. Had not the Roman Government permitted free inquiry, Christianity could never have been intro-duced. Had not free inquiry been in-dulged at the era of the Reformation the corruption of Christianity could not have been purged away. If it be restrained now the present corruptions will be pro-tected and new ones encouraged. Was the Government to prescribe to us our medicine and diet, our bodies would be in such keeping as our souls are now. Thus in France the emetic was once for-bidden as a medicine and the potato as an article of food. Government is just as infallible, too, when it fixes systems in physics. Galileo was sent to the Inquisition for affirming that the earth was a sphere ; the govern-ment had declared it to be as flat as a trencher, and Galileo was obliged to abjure his error. This error, however, at length prevailed, and the earth became a globe, and Descartes declared it was whirled round its axis by a vortex. The govern-ment in which he lived was wise enough to see that this was no question of civil jurisdiction or we should all have been in-volVed by authority in vortices. In fact, the vortices have been exploded and the Newtonian principle of gravitation is now more firmly established on the basis of reason than it would be were the Govern-ment to step in and make it an article of necessary faith. Reason and experiment have been indulged and error has fled before them. It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself. Subject opinion to coercion: whom will you make your inquisitors ? Fallible men Šmen governed by bad passions, by pri-vate as well as public reasons. And why subject it to coercion ? To produce uni-formity. But is uniformity of opinion  desirable ? No more than of force and stature. Introduce the bed of Procrustes then, and as there is danger that the large men may beat the small, make us all of a size by lopping the former and stretching the latter. Difference of opinion is advantageous in religion. The several sects perform the office of a censor morrum over each other. Is uniformity attainable ? Millions of in-nocent men, women, and children, since the introduction of Christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined, imprisoned ; yet we have not advanced one inch toward uni-formity. What has been the effect of coercion ? To make one half of the world fools, and the other half hypocrites; to support roguery and error all over the earth. . . . Let us get rid, while we may, of those tyrannical laws. It is true we are as yet secured against them by the spirit of the times. I doubt whether the people of this country would suffer an execution for heresy, or a three years' imprisonment for not comprehending the mysteries of the Trinity. But is the spirit of the people an infallible, a permanent reliance ?* Is it Government ? Is this the kind of protection we receive in return for the rights we give up ? Besides, the spirit of the times may alter, will alter. Our rulers will become corrupt, our people careless. A single zealot may commence persecution, and better men be his victims. It can never be too often repeated, that the time for fixing every essential right on a legal basis is while our rulers are honest, and ourselves united. From the conclusion of this war we shall be going down hill. It will not then be necessary to resort every moment to the people for support. They will be forgotten, therefore, and their rights disregarded. They will forget themselves, but in the sole faculty of making money, and will never think of uniting to effect a due respect for their rights. The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war, will remain on us long, will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall revive or expire in a con-vulsion. WHETHER men behave themselves from right motives or from wrong is a point of vital importance from the religious point of view. From the secular point of view, which is that of the State, it is of no con-sequence whatever.ŠNew York Times. * On this point, too, Mill emphasizes the assertion made by Jefferson, and utters a warning that should be heeded by every lover of liberty. He says : " But unhappily there is no security in the state of the pub-lic mind, that the suspension of worse forms of legal persecu-tion which has lasted for about the space of a generation, will continue. In this age the quiet surface of routine is as often ruffled by attempts to resuscitate past evils, as to introduce new benefits. What is boasted of at the present time as the revival of religion, is always in narrow and uncultivated minds, at least as much the revival of bigotry; and where there is strong permanent leaven of intolerance in the feeling of a people, which at all times abides in the middle classes of this country, it needs but little to. provoke them into actively per-secuting those whom they have never ceased to think proper objects of persecution." 