238 AIVIERELICA.N.  SENTIN VOL. 8, No. 30. comments on the subject of Religious Lib-erty, which is the topic for the weekly prayer-meeting of July 2, and contains principles as sound as the gospel:Š By this is to be understood liberty, so far as the State is concerned, to worship God as we may think right. Religious liberty means that no matter what my faith is or what my religious practi,  es are, I shall not be interfered with by the State, so long as I do not interfere with the rights of my neighbor. Thank God we live in a country where religious liberty prevails. Baptists have always contended for this principle. Indeed, the time has been when in this they stood alone. There have been Protestant Christians who, while claiming religious liberty for themselves, were not willing to accord it to others. In Protestant England and in Protestant Germany, men and women in times past have been persecuted even unto death, because of their religious convictions. The first human government, at least in modern times, which al-lowed full religious liberty, was the Colony of Rhode Island, which was established under Baptist leader-ship. To the Baptists also is largely due the fact that religious liberty is provided for in our national Constitution. They have always maintained that in the eye of the State, Romanists, Protestants, Quakers, Jews and Infidels, should all stand as exactly equal, and should all have the fullest right to advocate and practice their peculiar sentiments. Hence, we would not, by any legal measure, hinder the building of Roman Church, or Jewish syna-gogue, or Infidel club hall. Let truth and error have equal showing, and there can be no fears as to the final result. If men teach error, if they blaspheme, if they deny Christ, vengeance is the Lord's ; He will repay. Let the State keep hands off the conscience. To which conclusion every Christian should say Amen. Truth needs no help from the civil arm. " Truth is mighty and will prevail." W. E. CORNELL. Some Press Opinions on Sunday Closing. THE Fair will be closed on Sunday because it does not pay to keep it open. The visitors who are not residents of Chicago refrain from Sunday attendance partly on religious grounds and partly because they are so tired out by their week's work that they must have a day of rest. The local population who would go to the Fair on Sunday because they cannot spare the time any other day is not sufficiently numerous to warrant the expense of Sunday opening. As this has been proved by experience, there is no more room for dispute.ŠNew York Even-ing Post. The action of the local directory of the World's Fair in voting to close the gates of the Exposition on Sunday was practi-cally constrained by those exhibitors who refused to uncover their goods on that day. The people could not be induced to pay full price for half a show.ŠPhiladel-phia Record. The action of the Board of Managers is more probably the result of the discretion which comes from considerations of dollars and cents than anything else.ŠColumbus Dispatch. The Sunday attendance at the Chicago Fair" has become so small that it is ex-pected Sunday opening will be abandoned. It is singular, though, that this has been caused by a class of people who have no respect for Sunday, but prefer, probably from force of habit, to spend the day in the saloons and dives. They will go to the Fair every day in the week, but on Sunday they must rest by patronizing bar-rooms.ŠRichmond Times. This resolution cannot be regarded as a proof of the failure of the Sunday open-ing experiment, but only as crowning evi-dence of the greedy unscrupulousness of  the Exposition management. ŠSt. Louis Post Dispatch. The slim attendance at the World's Fair on Sunday strikes us as less.  an argument against opening it on that day than an argument against the conditions on which it has been opened. The fact is that the opponents of this proceeding, though they were defeated on the direct vote, got in their work against the opening in a man-ner which won for them something very like a victory.ŠBoston Herald. If it be true, as a fundamental principle of morals, that the moral quality of an action lies in the intention, then the local directory of the World's Fair is entitled to little credit for closing the Exposition gates on Sunday. This intention was to make the most possible money out of the Fair.ŠBoston Traveller. The result is not due in any manner to the desire of the managers to cater to the large constituency of Christian people who did not believe in opening the gates on Sunday. Ł It was merely a commercial transaction. It didn't pay to keep the show open on Sunday, and so it is to be closed.ŠOhio State Journal. Now that the Sunday attendance at the World's Fair has fallen off to a marked degree, the managers talk of closing the gates on the " Lord's day." They are willing to be pious, finding that the other thing doesn't pay. There's no end of worldliness in this.ŠNew York Morning Advertiser. Will the various religious denomina-tions which are exultant over Sunday closing kindly remember that the Fair will be closed for financial reasons ? The love of money used to be the root of all evil, but we have changed all thatŠMil-waukee Sentinel. After having discovered that Sunday opening does not pay Chicago could no longer resist its conscientious scruples against " violating the Sabbath."ŠSt. Louis Chronicle. -Ł Ł A Wicked Sermon. THE following synopsis of a sermon is from the Pittsburg Press of July 17 :Š Rev. J. W. Sproull, pastor of the Central Re-formed Presbyterian Church, Allegheny, preached yesterday afternoon on " Learning Righteousness from Judgments on the Columbian Exposition." He said :Š There has been a most wonderful change in sen-timent in a very short time. The commissioners had over and over again delayed action looking to the closing of the gates on Sunday, but they at last did it suddenly and by a decided vote of 24 to 4. How was it brought about ? The burning of the storage building and the loss of life involved in it brought the subject to their attention as it never had been brought before. They felt that the reli-gious sentiment of the country would see the hand of God in the holocaust and that they would be held up to the world as defying the law of God and man, hence they hastened to free themselves from the situation in which they were placed. How can the hand of God be seen in what took place on last Monday ? Men may say : " These brave firemen were doing their duty. Had the local directory been on the burning tower and per-ished we could understand it. Had the fire oc-curred on Sunday and not on Monday we could see the connection." We must be careful in our inter-pretation of God's judgments and remember that the judgment may fall on any part of a sinful na-tion or corporation as He may choose. Since the beginning of the Fair it has had various troubles, and at the very moment when the ministers of this city were gathered in the First Presbyterian Church, Wood Street, praying and planning for the closing of the gates, this awful catastrophe took place. How do you connect the judgment and the closing? There had been a breach of faith on the part of the  directory such as would damn any man in business life. God was defied. A continental Sunday was thrust upon the people. They proposed to give back the money given them by Congress in a crisis and free themselves from obligation, which they could not do. They professed to open the gates to keep people out of the saloons and to give the workingman a chance to visit the Fair, but they ran beer-gardens and kept sixteen thousand men employed upon the grounds every Sunday. There was dishonesty in the erection of the very building destroyed. God's judgments were revealed against all this. The holocaust turned the tide of public opinion so strongly against the many evils con-nected with the Fair that the directory were com-pelled to close the gates. In order to understand fully the wicked-ness of this sermon, it is necessary to know that the building that was burned was not open on Sunday. The dishonesty in the erection of the burned building was on the part of the contractor who lost nothing by its destruction. The firemen who lost their lives had nothing to do with the opening of the Fair; and the occurrence had not the most remote connection with the decision of the directory to close the gates on Sunday. There was simply no money in a Sunday Fair, hence the decis-ion to close the gates. Sunday in India. THE Bombay Guardian of May 6 says that "a Lord's Day Union for India has been formed in Calcutta, through a pro-visional committee appointed by the Cal-cutta Missionary Conference. The con-stitution is drafted, and is in process of revision. The central committee, which consists of seventeen Calcutta Christians appointed by the provisional committee, will meet one month hence to take final action in the matter. Among the items suggested is a `Sabbath Creed Card,' being a simple statement of belief in the sanctity and value of the Sabbath, and a promise to keep it holy. This card will be widely circulated, particularly among the young. In all the principal centres of India, vice-presidents of the Lord's Day Union will be nominated, who, it is expected will become presidents of Aux-iliary Unions in their own localities. When the list is completed, their names as well as names of other officers of the Union will be made public." Of course this movement, like all others in the interest of Sunday observance, means not simply encouragement for the stricter observance of Sunday by pro-fessed Christians, but compulsion for those who do not profess to be Christians, or who, being professed Christians, do not see the connection between Christianity and Sunday-keeping. And thus the work of substituting a gospel which is but the power of man, for the only true Gospel, which is the power of God, goes on throughout the world.ŠPresent Truth, London. UNDER a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a just man is also a prison.ŠHenry Thoreau. "EVERYBODY'S LAW BOOK Is the title of the new 768 page work prepared by J. Alexander Koones, L L. B., member of the New York Bar. It Enables Every Man and Woman to be Their Own Lawyer. It teaches what are your rights and how to maintain them. When to begin a law suit and when to shun one. It contains the useful information every business man needs in every State in the Union. It contains business forms of every variety useful to the lawyer as well as to all who have legal business to transact. Inclose two dollars for a copy. or inclose two cent postage stamp for a table of contents and terms to agents. Address, Benj. W. Hitchcock, Publisher, 385 Sixth Avenue, New York. 