TH E A N4ERICAN SENTINEL. 87 This it is upon which our charge is founded, and it is not " far-fetched." 3. Next he defends the National Reform Association, by saying that it does not pro-pose to turn this Government into a theocracy, "except in the sense indicated above." That is to say that the National Reformers do not propose to turn this Government into a theoc-racy except by turning it into a theocracy. 4. He says, " The Association does not de-clare that' dissenters from National Reform opinions cannot dwell together on the same continent with, National Reformed Christian-ity ; " and that "it never did declare that there is nothing out of hell that should not be tol-erated as soon as these." The speech in which both these statements were made is printed in this number of the SENTINEL, which Mr. Johnston may read, and our read-ers may read it and judge between us andŁMr. Johnston. That speech was made by Rev. Jonathan Edwards, D. D., a vice-president of the Association, in a National Reform Na-tional Convention held in New York City, February 26, 27, 1873. It was officially pub-lished by the Association, of whom we bought it; and it is at this day still advertised and sold by the Association as official and repro-,sentative National Reform literature. If that does not make it the declaration of the National Reform Association, then how would it be possible for the Association to declare anything. 5. We printed in full in the July SENTINEL (1888) both the Sunday Bill, and the proposed constitutional amendment introduced by Sen-ator Blair. We oppose them both because they are both antichristian, subversive of liberty, savoring of tyranny, and directly in the line of the establishment of a religious despotism. 6. Our charge that the Association agrees that the Catholic Bible and Catholic instruc-tion shall be established in the public schools wherever the Roman Catholics are in the majority, Mr. Johnston says must be posi-tively denied, and then admits that Secretary Stevenson did say something about it at Sa'r-atoga, but that the Association never said a word in approval of -it. Mr. Stevenson did say it,Šand he was officially representing, and acting for, the Association when he said it. And when Dr. Price made his motion, that motion commissioned "the National Re-form Association" to secure such an agree-ment with the Catholic officials "if possible." And Mr. Stevenson, as secretary' of the Asso-ciation, and for the Association, accepted the commission; and the whole thing was printed in the Christian Statesman. If that is not the word and act of the Association then what could be? 7. About pledging the National Reform As-sociation to join hands with the Catholic Church, he thinks that " perhaps" some of them have been guilty of it. Yes, they are guilty of it. There is no perhaps about it. The statement was made in an editorial in the Christian Statesman, December 11, 1884. The ,Christian Statesman is the official organ of the National Reform Association, and if its-edito- rial utterances are not the utterances of the Association then whose utterances are they? The SENTINEL does not dwell on techincali-ties; it does not take unfair advantages; it does not make people or parties transgressors for a word. By the plainest, fairest, and most logical interpretation possible, the in-iquity of this National Reform, Woman's Christian Temperance Union political scheme is great enough. There is no need to dwell on technicalities. And as for our statements, they are always made on authority, and as nearly correct as we can possibly make them. The SENTINEL knows precisely what it is doing, and Mr. Johnston and others like him had better stop criticising, and go to believing, what the SENTINEL says. A. T. J. Woman and the Advent. WE used to think that the ballot in the hands of women would be the "handwriting on the wall " for the saloons of our land. But when we learned that there are in the city of Philadelphia alone 6,000 women en-gaged in the liquor business, that fact gave the prospect a somewhat different complexion. Whether or not there are in Philadelphia 6,000 well-bred, pure, and noble women who, if women could vote, would arm themselves with the ballot and go to the polls in behalf of law, sobriety, and home, may be something of a question; but if the privilege of suffrage was theirs, it is pretty certain that 6,000 bal-lots in that city would go from the hands of a certain class of women solid for rum. There are vicious women as well as vicious men; and the ballot in the hands of these would offset as many in the hands of the good and true. But while the prospect in this direction ap-pears less hopeful, evidence is more and more frequently appearing to show that women are as susceptible, at least as men, to fanaticism, and would be in danger of using the power of the ballot under the influence of prejudice and blind impulse, as often, perhaps, as under the guidance of intelligence and reason. That this is no uncharitable judgment, we offer as evidence the following paragraph from the "Prospectus of Evangelistic Board of the Na-tionel 'Woman's Christian Temperance Union for 1888," as published in the Christian States-man, of April 26, 1888:Š "As Christ came first by Mary alone in the stable at Bethlehem, so shall he come the second time, to reign King and Lord, by this confedera-tion of the women of the whole world, exalted to the high place which is hers under the gos-pel; not only as the mother and educator of law-makers and rulers, but set free from the dom-ination of mere animal force, herself co-ruler and legislator in the State as well as in the home, according to God's evident plan that the world should not always be left comfort-less." In this quotation the italics are ours, with the exception of this last word, which we give as we find it. Allusion is evidently made to John 14 : 18, where Christ assures his sorrow-ing disciples, to comfort them in view of his departure to Heaven, that he will return again:  " I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you." Does the language of the extract quoted above mean that this "confederation of the women " is to be the second coming of Christ? that through them he is to reign King and Lord over the earth? Or does it mean that his second personal coming is dependent on this "confederation of the women " ? With either view the position is unscriptural and fanatical enough to suit an Ignatius Loyola. It is easy to see how women who are ready to entertain such views, could be induced, under the subtle deceptions of the National Reform Association, to embark in favor of an oppressive Sunday law, which would ride rough-shod over the most sacred rights of con-science, and the dearest liberties of mankind. ŠReview and Herald. VIEWS OF NATIONAL. REFORM. PACKAGE NO. 1, 184 PAGES, 20 CENTS. Tilts package contains thirteen tracts treating  upon the va-rious phases of the National Reform movement, as follows :Š NO. PAGES. 1. Religious Legislation, 8 2. Religious Liberty,   8 3. National Reform and the Rights of Conscience,. 16 4. The American Papacy, .  16 5. Bold and Base Avowal,  16 6. National Reform is Church and State,  16 7. Purity of National Religion,  8 8. The Salem witchcraft,  8 0. What Think Ye of Christ'? 8 10. National Reformed Constitution and the American Hierarchy,  24 U. The Republic of Israel,  8 12. National Reformed Presbyterianism,  32 13. Tile National Reform Movement an Absurdity,..  16 The above package will be sent post-paid to any address for twenty cents. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Oakland, Cal. [11 THE HETET OF THE SEEM, BY J. M. HUTCHINGS. Ems new work is a complete historical and descriptive sum-mary of the wonderful Ye Semite Valley and Big  Tree Groves. The author, Mr. Hutchings, is an old pioneer, and has for more than 20 years resided in the Valley. He took the first sketches of it that were ever taken, and was the first to make its MARVELOUS GRANDEUR KNOWN TO THE WORLD. The work is complete in one volume of nearly 600 pages, and is illustrated with over 150 illustrations, 28 of which are BEAUTIFUL PULL-PAGE ARTOTYPES. These artotypes are the most charmingly characteristic of any illustrations ever produced, and arc perfectly true to life, having been photographed from nature. Sold only by subscription. Agents wanted everywhere. For prices and terms, Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. HISTORY OF THE SAIMA.TIT. AND FIRST DAY OF THE WEED. BY ELD. J. N. ANDREWS THIS WORK CONTAINS A MINE OF INFORMATION. TuE Bible record of the Sabbath; the secular history con-cerning it, the successive steps by which the change to the first day was made, and the work of restoration, are given in detail. Every text of Scripture concerning  the Sabbath is commented on at length;  and the complete Testimony of the Fathers in regard to the Sabbath and first day is given. The compara-tive merits of the seventh and the first-clay Sabbaths arc fully shown. A. copious index enables the reader to find any text, or the statement of any historian. Should be read by everybody. 548 pp. Price, $2.00. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. MISCELLANEOUS TRACTS. ASSORTED PACKAGE NO. 6. PRICE, 25c. TIIN Plan of RedemptionŠThe Sufferings of ChristŠThe Sanctuary of the BibleŠScripture ReferencesŠThe Spirit of ProphecyŠSpiritualism a Satanic DelusionŠSamuel and the Witch of EndorŠThe End of the WickedŠThe Two Thrones. Address, PACIFIC PRESS, Oakland, Cal. 