Equal and Fg xact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or cersuabion, Neligious or Volitical,---Thomas Jefferson. VOLUME 7. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 29, 1892. NUMBER 38. The American Sentinel, PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES, ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. McKEE. THE Government of the United States as our fathers made it, as they intended, and as they by the Constitution established it, is now a thing of the past. It is gone. Both by the Supreme Court and by Con-gress the intention of the fathers has been disregarded, the principles of the Govern-ment have been subverted, and the Con-stitution has been over-ridden. Š0Š THE action of the Supreme Court has been reviewed, and the words in which the Court did its part have been given in these columns. The action of Congress in. which it did its part in this thing has also been referred to and largely discussed in THE SENTINEL. We are asked however to give more fully the actual words and proceedings in which Congress did this thing. With this request we gladly com-ply, for the evidence is not only important but conclusive, and should be placed be-fore all the people. Š0Š ALTHOUGH Congress is forbidden by the Constitution to make any la* on the sub-ject of religion, yet this matter was dis-cussed, and the law was enacted, solely from the standpoint of religion. Senator Hawley, who had the principal part in carrying this thing through the Senate, said plainly :Š Everybody knows what the foundation is. It is founded in religious belief. And so entirely was the discussion. a re-ligious one that Senator Peffer said of it :Š To-day we are engaged in a theological discus-sion concerning the observance of the first day of the week. And the chaplain of the United States  Senate, in reporting the matter to the New York Independent, July 28, 1892, said of it these words:Š While there were differences of opinion as to how the Sabbath should be honored, every man who spoke protested against any purpose to dis-honor the fourth commandment. During this de-bate you might have imagined yourself in a general council or assembly or synod or conference, so pro-nounced was one senator after another. ŠoŠ SUCH is the impression received by an official onlooker. And that the impres-sion is not at all strained is evident from the speeches that were made, as any one may see who will read the Congressional Record of July 12 and 13, 1892. The three principal advocates of the Sunday closing bill were Senators Colquitt, Haw-ley and Hiscock. As Senator Colquitt is a National Reformer nothing else was to be expected of him, and he fully sus-tained this character in his speech, about half of which was made up from extracts from a sermon by Father Hyacinthe, Old Roman Catholic of France. The rest of his speech was National Reform sentiment of his own manufacture. Altogether it was of such a sort that he himself began to see how incongruous it was in that place, and halted with these words:Š But I shall continue this no further, Mr. Presi-dent, for it may to some sound like cant, like preaching, as though we were undertaking to clothe ourselves in overrighteous habilaments and pretend to be better than other men.ŠCongres-sional Record, 52d Cong., p. 6755. SENATOR HiscocK both preceded and followed Colquitt; and the aim and the sum of all his speech is contained in the words of surrender and servitude to the churches, to which we have before re-ferred, as follows:Š If I had charge of this amendment in the inter-est of the Columbian Exposition I would write the provision for the closure in any form that the re-ligious sentiment of the country demands and not stand here hesitating and quibbling about it. Rather than let the public sentiment against the Exposition being opened on Sunday be re-enforced by the opposition in the other House against any legislation of this kind in the interest of the Ex-position, I say to the junior senator from Illinois  [Mr. Palmer] he had better yield to this sentiment and not let it go out to the country that there is the slightest doubt that if this money shall be ap-propriated, the Exposition will be closed on Sunday. If I were interested in this measure, as I might be interested if it were to be located in my own State, I should make this closure provision satis-factory to those petitioners who have memorialized us against the desecration of the Lord's day. . . I would not have it uncertain whether the Government might engage in business or not upon the Sabbath day. In my judgment, doubt upon this question carries with it more peril to your ap-propriation than it can encounter from any other cause whatever. I have nothing more to say. Š Id., p. 6755. SENATOR HAWLEY both preceded and followed, both Colquitt and Hiscock. And as his speeches were longer than the others, so also were they more rabidly re-ligious and more cringing and cowardly. Yet for all this he was not able to reach that height of religious enthusiasm and eloquence to which for this particular occasion his longing soul aspired, and so he very pertinently exclaimed :Š I wish, Mr. President, that I were the most elo-quent clergyman, the most eloquent of those stanch old sturdy divines who have honored Amer-ican citizenship as well as American Christianity, that I might give something more than this feeble expression of my belief in the serious importance of this vote. ŠId., p. 6700. But as he could not have all his wish, as he could not be one of " those stanch old sturdy divines," such as John Cotton or John Davenport, or Cotton Mather, he made up this lack by presenting the views of Archbishop Ireland, Archbishop Gross, and Archbishop Riordan, of the Catholic Church, and followed this in order with the views of the bishops of the Protestant Episcopal Church and the bishops of the Methodist Episcopal Church both North and South. Š0Š BUT although Senator Hawley could not have his wish to be one of " those stanch old sturdy divines," he could be a demagogueŠand that seemingly without any particular effort. By the census of 1890 he estimated 13,000,000 members of churches in the United States. Then by 