THE AmErzicA.N SENTINEL.. 123 might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the . Loat" Zech. 4: 6. For the State to enforce religion,  or any part of religion, is to force men to have a form of godliness without any of the power. Vital godliness results only from the action of the Spirit of God on the heart. Hy-pocrisy and dead formality result from the use of force. No one can be a true preacher of the gospel unless he cries out against the latter. Fitly Designated. THE leading article in Our Day for April is an address by Rev. W. F. Crafts, at Mr. Cook's Monday lecture, March 25, and is entitled, " A Strategic Year in Sabbath Reform." This is a most appropriate heading for a summary of the work of the American Sabbath Union during the year 1888. It shoWs that Mr. Crafts appreciates the situation. A strategem is defined by Webster as "a trick by which some advantage is to be :obtained. An artifice." Strategic means, "per-taining to strategy, effected by artifice." There-- fore, since, according to Mr. Crafts, the year 1888 has been a strategic year in the Sunday work, it has been a year of trickery and fraud. That this is indeed so must be evident to any-one who has read the SENTINEL'S exposure of the -methods of Mr. Crafts and his associate Sunday reformers. They started out with deceit, and with exhortation to deceive, when they requested all public conventions to indorse the Sunday petition by vote, and then to duplicate the strength of the petition as far as possible by securing the indi-vidual signatures of the assembly. Then, by se-curing a few representative indorsements, they ,counted in whole denominations, thousands of members of which had never heard of the petition. A letter from Cardinal Gibbons stating simply that he personally favored the movement, was forthwith counted as the signatures of 7,200,000 Catholics. Not content with counting in the entire membership of the various religious organ-izations as all being twenty-one years of age or more, they went to Sunday-schools, and secured the names of the children to their petition, which stated that each signer is twenty-one years of age or more. Then, in order to swell their list of pe-titioners, they counted some of the religious de-nominations twice, then counted the Woman's Christian Temperance Unions as local organiza-tions,as State organizations, and again twice as a na-tional organization, besides already having counted them in with the religious bodies. The same way with the Knights of Labor. They secured the votes of local assemblies, then by a vote of the general assembly they counted in the entire organization, and then by securing a favorable vote from the Counsel of Federated Trades they succeeded in . - 'counting the workingmen iiiagain, although thousands of them are opposed to the Blair bills. Mr. Crafts went in person to the Assemblies of the Knights of Labor and pleaded with them to indorse his petition. Yet he claims that the pe-tition was started to satisfy the clamor of the :workingmen! Not content with these methods of making it appear that the great majority of the people of the country are calling for Sunday laws, they now garble the statements of those who are opposing the movement with all their might, and give it out that their opposition is really not op-position, but a plea for the law. Then again the Rev. Herrick Johnson, in his address on Sunday newspapers at the Washington Conference, in December, said, as quoted in the February number of Our Day " If we base the Sabbath on mere human expedi-ency, we base it on sand, just as we would found honesty, if we adopted it simply as a policy. This is no basis for the Sabbath, to put it on the ground of mere expediency. I do not question the propriety of using this argument as a means of influencing a cer-tain class of men. Many will join in this Sunday movement and work heartily in the defense of Sunday as a rest-day, in the interests of health and morals, and good citizenship, who will not come to the higher ground. But we can never permanently keep our Sabbath on the basis of expediency." Here we find this man, a zealous advocate of Sunday laws, deliberately counseling the use of argument in which he does not believe, in order to catch some who will not accept the argument in which he does believe. Much more to the same intent might be quoted, but this is sufficient to show the aptness of the title which Mr. Crafts gives to his summary of Sunday work,Ša year of artifice and fraud. The same course was pursued in the history of the early church, as is shown by the following quotation from Mesh eim:Š " By some of the weaker brethren, in their anxiety to assist God with all their might (in the propagation of the Christian faith), such dishonest artifices were occasionally resorted to as could not, under any cir-cumstances, admit of excuse, and were utterly un-worthy of that sacred cause which they were unques-tionably intended to support."ŠCommentaries, cent. 0, sec. 7. It was just such work as that which resulted in the establishment of the man of sinŠthe Papacy. It is just such work in these days that will result in the formation of a living image to that man of sinŠan American Papacy. E. J. W. The Civil Sabbath. MANY persons make a distinction between the Sabbath as a day of worship and the Sabbath as a day of rest. As a day of worship, they say the Sabbath is religious, but as a day of rest, it is a civil institution. They declare that, while God requires its observance as a day of worship, the civil government should enforce it as a day of rest. Now, as everyone knows, all Sabbath observ-ance was originally based on the fourth com-mandment. The first part of this commandment reads: "Remember the Sabbath-day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cat-tle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates." Notice two facts: First, God requires rest, a cessation of labor. But it . is religious observance that God requires, therefore the rest which he re-quires upon the Sabbath is religicus observance. Secondly, cessation of labor is the only thing re-quired by the commandment. No mention what-ever is made of any religious worship in addition to, or apart from, the prescribed rest. Therefore if the required rest is not religious worship, then the fourth commandment does not require relig-ious worship. It should be further remarked that, while rest from labor is the only thing re-quired by the fourth commandment, the reason given in the commandment for such rest contrasts very pointedly with that assigned by the majority of writers and speakers on the subject, "Every-one ought to be compelled by law to rest upon the Sabbath; for in six days men get very tired and need a day of rest to recuperate and build up their physical energies." 'This is man's reason. Now listen to God's : "For in six days the  Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day; wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath-day, and hallowed it." In this reason assigned by God, no mention whatever is made of any temporal advantage to be derived from keeping the Sabbath; and who-ever observes it from such motives tramples upon its sacredness, and offers insult to God. It is no more the purpose of Sabbath rest to build up physical energy than it is of baptism to cleanse the exterior of the body; and to rest upon that day for a temporal object can be no more pleas-ing to God than it would be to labor with the same end in view. The Sabbath is a memorial of God, represented in his creative work, and its weekly observance was designed as a constant reminder that the only true God is the one who created the heav-ens and the earth. Ps. 96:4, 5; Jer. 10:10-12; Ps. 19:1; 33:6-9; Eze. 20 : 20. Since the Sab-bath is a divinely appointed institution, by which men are to remember God through his wonder-ful works, it follows that when the Sabbath is forgotten or is used for any other purpose than meditation upon the great acts which distinguish the true God from all others, then will all mem-ory of the Creator gradually fade from the mind, growing dimmer and dimmer until the last trace of connection is lost between himself and man-kind. See Ex. 31: 16, 17; Ps. 78: 5-11; 111: 2-4; 19: 1; Eze. 20:20; 22 :25, 26; Jer. 23: 25-27 ; Judges 3:7. The purpose of the Sabbath, then, is as far above physical benefits as the heavens are above the earth; and to compel its observance by civil law, as a day for temporal rest and recuperation, is to degrade it in the public mind to the level of other profane or common institutions. Such is the spiritual discernment of those who desire to place religious institutions upon a civil basis. They ought to know, if they know anything, that they can only be enforced as civil institutions and from temporal motives. In this way, relig-ion soon loses its sacredness in the minds 'of the people, who come to regard it as only a cloak de-signed for the temporal necessities of the body. Instead of appealing to men's faith and love for God, upon which depends their salvation, tem-poral advantages and civil penalties are the mo-tives presented by these modern chief priests and Pharisees. Outwardly they appear righteous unto men, but within they are full of hypocrisy and iniquity. See Matt. 23. What is here said of the seventh day must be pertinent in regard to Sunday, with all those who regard it as equally sacred with the original Sabbath.ŠA Delos Westeott, in the La Crosse, (Wis.) Co-operator. THE Arkansas Gazette of March 29 contains the following item, dated Chicago, March 28 :Š "The Rev. Geo. B. Starr, superintendent of the Central Bible School for Home and Foreign Missions, complains to the Associated Press that the Seventh-day Adventists are being horribly treated in the South. He received from Elder M. G. Huffman, of that sect, for transmission to the General Conference at Battle Creek, Michigan, the following letter written at Al-paretta, Milton County, Georgia: `Brother D. Conk-ling, of Michigan, who, with his family, has lately moved into this neighborhood, has been reported to the grand jury, and a bill found against him for working on Sunday, and all he did was to cut a few sticks of wood to build a fire, just what I have seen many others doing since I came to the State. The penalty for violating any portion of the law in this' 