354 A_IVIMELICAN SEivriNMILA Vol. U, INo. 15 regulate religious conduct, the will of the majority is substituted for the will of God as revealed in his Word, the individual will is ignored, and a conflict between the two forces working for the reform of the individual is inevitable. If he admits the right of the civil power to legislate in religious matters, he must let the will of the majority rule, and the grace of God, which is seeking the consent of his own will in order that he may be led by faith, must be ignored. If he yields to the grace of God, he does so by the exercise of his own will, and not by the will of the ma-jority. Such is true Christian reform, as distin-guished from reform by civil enactments. It is true Christian reformŠindividual heart reform wrought by the power of divine grace Šthat our country needs. The disease whose symptoms are manifest in the moral corrup-tion seen on every hand, is one which no hu-man power can remedy. It is the old, old trouble that has afflicted the human race since the fallŠcarnality. Civil legislation can at best touch but the symptoms, and these only in a superficial way. It is dangerous to rely upon a treatment which deals only with the symptoms, and especially so when the treat-ment is such as will aggravate the disease itself. Let Christ be enthroned in the hearts of the people by the reforming power of faith. Only where faith is, can the throne of Christ be set up. Faith, and not legislation, inau- gurates His reign. s. -0- " CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP " AND SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS. THE Christian, Endeavorer is a paper pub-lished in Chicago, Ill., having for its objects "Missionary Extension," "Evangelical En-deavor," and "Rescue of the Sabbath." It is one of a number of papers which represent the "Christian Endeavor" movement. "Christian Endeavor" is declared to stand for "Christian Citizenship;" and the spirit of the "Christian Citizenship," for which it stands, is well illustrated by an article in the November number of the paper to which we have referred. On page 5 of that paper ap-pears an article, entitled, Christian Citizenship III. 4,  Warfare Against the United States Government. "Seventh=day A dventists Carrying  on a Guerilla Warfare Against the United States Government." In this article Seventh-day Adventists are represented as the "enemies of our institu-tions," and garbled quotations are made from their writings to prove that they are hostile to the Government. The conclusion is reached thatŠ The Adventist is a destructive critic, and must be listened to as an enemy of our institutions. The injustice of the charges made against Seventh-day Adventists by this representative of "Christian Endeavor" will appear from a few quotations which we will make from Ad-ventist writers. On page 57, "Rights of the People, or Civil Government and Religion," a Seventh-day Adventist book, published in July, 1895, the author, Elder A. T. Jones, a prominent Sev-enth-day Adventist minister, says :Š The Constitution of the United States is the only form of government that has ever been on earth which is in harmony with the principle announced by Christ,  demanding of men only that which is Cmsar's, and refusing to enter in any way into the field of man's relationship to God. This Constitution originated in the principles of the Declaration of Independence, and here we have found that the Declaration of Inde-pendence, on this point, simply asserts the truth of God. The American people do not half appreciate the vallie of the Constitution under which they live. They do not honor in any fair degree the noble men who pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor, that these principles might be the her-itage of posterity. All honor to these noble men! All integrity to the principles of the Decletiration of Independence I All allegiance to the Constitution as it was made, which gives to Caesar all his due, and leaves men free to render to God all that he, in his holy - word, requires of them! Certainly the writer of such language can-not in justice be called a foe of American institutions or an enemy of the United States Government; and indeed no such charge is ever made except by those Who are trying to subvert the principles of American Govern-ment in the interests of a corrupt union of Church and State, under some such mislead-ing name as "Christian Citizenship," or "National Reform." Again, in an article on page 12, Vol. I. of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, Mr. Jones, the writer just quoted, referring to the so-called National Reform movement, having for its object the adoption of a "Christian" amend-ment to the Constitution, says:Š From their own words, fairly quoted in this article, we are justified in saying that the success of their movement will be the destruction of the DEARLY-BOUGHT PRINCIPLE OF AMERICAN LIBERTY; the destruc-tion of the INESTIMABLE TREASURE OF AMERICAN CIT-IZENSHIP; and the destruction of every principle of the rights of conscience, under the Gcvernment of the United States. And because of this the AMERICAN SENTINEL iS Set for the defense Of THE GENIUS OF AMERICAN INSTITUTIONS. These are not the words of an enemy of American institutions, or of American liberty, but the language of earnest protest against an attempt to subvert the religious liberties of the ,people. True patriotism does not close its eyes to the dangers that threaten free institutions; it does not settle down and rest in false se-curity; the true patriot is on the contrary jealous not only for his own rights but for the rights of his fellowmen; he remembers that "eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." It is true that Seventh-day Adventists see in the gigantic religious combinations of the present day, formed for political or semi-po-litical purposes, a serious menace to freedom of conscience, and they lift their voices in warning against the threatening danger. But part of what Adventists now see Thomas Jefferson foresaw nearly a century ago. In his "Notes on Virginia," Mr. Jefferson said :Š The spirit of our times will alter; our rulers will become corrupt, our people careless. A single zealot may commence persecution, and better men be his victims. It can never be too often repeated, that the time for fixing every essential right on a legal basis is while our rulers are honest, and ourselves united. Among the guarantees of liberty "fixed" by the fathers of the Republic in our funda-mental law were: "No religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States;" and, "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof."  Bat "National Reform" and "Christian Cit-izenship" would sweep away these safeguards of liberty and instead of free government would give us religious despotism. "National Reform" would do this by a so-called "Christian" amendment. "Christian Citizenship" would accomplish  the same thing by overriding the Constitution as our fathers gave it to us. It demands that Congress shall ignore the Virst Amendment by enacting religious legislation; while "Christian Citizenship" itself proposes to apply a religious test for office by a gigantic religio-political boycott of all candidates who will not forswear themselves to serve this con-spiracy against the very genius of American institutions and American liberty. It is because of the dangers which threaten our land and our free institutions, and because souls must be lost as a result of the success of these assaults upon the rights of conscience, that Seventh-day Adventists raise their voices in warning against these so-called reform movements. Nor are these isolated utterances. Did space permit, a' mass of such quotations might be given from prominent Seventh-day Advent- ist writers and speakers. Elder J. H. Waggoner, an aged and influ- ential Seventh-day Adventist minister, now deceased, in writing upon the same subject discussed by Mr. Jones. said, in Vol. I., No. 1. of the AMERICAN SENTINEL: "Govern-ments are for the preservationŠnot for the deprivationŠof rights, as our 'immortal Dec-laration' affirms. It truthfully says that 'life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness' are un-alienable rights.' Again, in the same paper Elder Waggoner;  referring to certain facts which we have net room to give, says: "This ought to put on his guard EVERY AMERICAN CITIZEN, EVERY LOVER OF HIS COUNTRY, AND ITS BLOOD-BOUGHT PRIVILEGES OF CIVIL AND RELIGIOUS LIBERTY." Again, in the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL, for March, 1886, the same writer, re- ferring to the religious despotisms of the past, and of the present in other countries, said: "If the American people are true to them-selves and prove themselves worthy of their patriotic fathers, who founded our noble Government and guaranteed our religious freedom by constitutional provisions, then such a state of things will never be." Again, in May, 1886, the same writer says: "The framers of our Government guarded against this danger [of religious despotism] in the body of the Constitution, and strengthened the safeguard in the First Amendment. They faithfully discharged their duty to us; now IT REMAINS FOR US TO FAITHFULLY PRESERVE THE BLESSING WE HAVE RECEIVED OF THEM. . . . Whether it remains a land of ,free- dom depends upon our vigilance and faithful-ness to our highest interests." Eider E. J. Waggoner, now editor of the Present Truth, London, Eng., a Seventh-day Adventist minister, and formerly a writer for the AMERICAN SENTINEL, in an article pub-lished September, 1886, said :Š WITH ANARCHY AND ANARCHISTS WE HAVE NO SYM-PATHY. WHEN MEN COMBINE TO OVERTHROW THE LAWS THAT PROTECT THE RIGHTS OF MEN WE WOULD OPPOSE THEM IN EVERY LAWFUL WAY. Again, in the same article, he says: "This country was settled by those who came here that they might worship according to the dic-tates of their own conscience, free from op-pression for opinion's sake. The principle of religious freedom is the principle on which this Government was founded. It is the first and best of our American institutions." The only reason that Seventh-day Advent-ists are accused of being anarchists and ene-mies of the Government is because they are truly loyal to the principles upon which the Government is founded, and so oppose those who are endeavoring to overthrow the most fundamental of American institutions. They stand for genuine Christian citizenship, that 