THE SENTINEL OF -LIBERTY . 505 recently thaelSunday has assumed the title of Sab-bath, but history shows that several centuries earlier it assumed the title of Lord's day, which title it did not have when our Lord himself was here on earth. ‚` From the beginning it was not so." Let us get back to fundamental and original principles. F. D. STARR. WHAT WE OPPOSE. WE are not opposed to the Sabbath, but we are opposed to Sabbath legislation. We oppose no person's right to rest one day in seven, but we oppose the idea that any person should be compelled to rest whether he wishes to or not. We do not oppose granting any person the priv-ilege of resting on the day he believes to be the Sab-bath, but we oppose making one man's privilege an-other man's duty. We are opposed to compelling people to work when they ought to rest, but we are also opposed to compelling people to rest when they ought to work. There is no law in this country compelling any person to work when he does not want to, and there should be no law compelling anyone to rest when he wants to work. We believe every person should obey the dictates of his conscience, but we are opposed to making the conscience of one person the rule of conduct for an-other. We are not opposed to law, but we believe every statute should conform to the law of justice. We are not opposed to any church nor to any state, but we are opposed to any union between church and state. We oppose Sabbath legislation because the use of force in religion is contrary to the gospel, contrary to conscience, and against the welfare of both church and state. We are oposed to no man or organization of men, but we are opposed to all principles, by whomsoever held, that work against man's natural and inalienable sights. We believe in reform, but we believe moral reform must come not through legislation, but by the quick-ening of conscience. We are opposed to attempts at reform by legisla-tion because such efforts ignore and often override conscience, and because they set up the law of man in the place of the law of God. We are not opposed  — to law, but we are opposed to any act by which .a man or set of men assume the prerogatives of God:: We oppose religious legislation, not because we would set aside law, but because such legislation sets, aside the law of God. We oppose efforts to reform society by legislation not because 'we do not earnestly efesire such a re-form, but because we believe it can be accorn7-: plished only by a far higher power than any legisla-ture can exercise. We desire the reformation of society, but we say the appeal must be made not to law, but to con-science; not to the legislature, but to the throne of the Most High. s. LOVE NEVER FAILS.. CHURCH and state are separate organizations and are controlled by different agencies. The state is defended by the sword, the church by love. If our treaty with China has been violated and our ministers have suffered we must compel the empire to respect its honorable contract. But if our mis-sionaries have been persecuted they cannot appeal to the temporal power for defense. The Author of Christianity suffered death and triumphed. The missionary who welcomes the musket as an aid to the extension of missions has no faith which will overcome the world. The church is humbled when her ministers advocate the musket as a civilizing agency. It may punish, it cannot civilize. The strenuous life of the nation and the church will not be manifested in battle, but in peace. China has been a peaceful nation, but if China's millions were drilled in soldiery as they have been in peace there would be no more talk of dividing the empire than there is of dividing America among the European powers. Christianity must civilize heathen nations. This appeal to Csar indicates a lack of the heroic love which sacrificed all for the kingdom of Christ. Mis-sions founded and carried on with no other motive but love must dispel the darkness. Love never fails. Hate is the ally of decline and final fall.ŠRev. J. H. 0. Smith, pastor Union Christian Church, Chicago. THERE is only one thing as unreasonable as anarchy of the type represented by Bressi, the as-sassin who murdered King Humbert, and that is the assumption that some men have a divine right to rule other men without their consent. 