kTULY l894; AMiattICAN /21 grand political and international ant: The Emperor Alexander IIL has Ooilapte-hended fully the importance and the effi-cacious force of this act of reparation: In spite of its subjection to a hostile poWer; the papacy has regained a position to Which nothing in the history of this moral poWer can be compared: 'the re=establish= anent of the Russian legation;  says the Moniteur a Rofite proves what Weight the pope has in the destiny of States. The voice of the public, besides, has hailed this event as a triumph of Leo XIII. Friends, and even enemies, admit this. " When a sovereign, such as Alekander III.," continues the ilfoititear, "this silent and hesitating man;  who Weighs all things With the Sentiment of peace;  and the deSite of making Russia great and poWerfill,ŠWhen such an emperor decides, after liihg negotiations;  for sdoh an initiative; it is becaiise he has confidenee ill the lbYaltY of the jiope, and that the Moral .miniStrY pf the h,ply See is an Unequalled for arid hells.. his genius must have been at- tractive, and this collaboration be highly desirable, to conquer mountains of preju-dices, and to cut down the granite of historic traditions."ŠSpecial Correspond-ence from Rome to the Boston Pilot. Lynching by Wholesale. [This article, by Bishop Atticus G. Haygood, in the New York Independent, affords much food for reflec-tion.] A STATE of civil war exists in seven or eight States of the Union. There are dis-turbances that destroy the peace and ut-terly subvert the social order of many communities. Municipal and county au-thorities find themselves helpless in the presence of overwhelming mobs. In at least six States troops are under arms and orders. There are several "storm centers," most of them in that part of the United States we call the NorthŠa section of our coun-try claiming to be governed by peculiar reverence for law and the sacred rights of man. These evil-freighted movements, inspired by discontent and directed by revenge, have barely touched that part of the cowl,  try known as " the South "Ša section that is not, by many good people, considered as a pattern of the civil virtues. But for the labor outrages North it is almost cer-tain that none would have occurred South. The exceptions prove and illustrate the statement. There are very few foreigners in the Southern States; the law-defying strikers in Alabama and Tennessee are not Americans. Few people seem to have the least idea of the gravity of the situation. Was the bombardment of Fort Sumter more sig-nificant of danger to the most sacred things in American institutions ? If, as the Northern view states the case, the attack on Fort Sumter was a shot at the Consti-tution, these labor riots attack the rights of men that undergird the Constitution itself. The industries of the entire nation are disturbed. Some forms of industry are paralyzed ; others are being destroyed. Trade suffers at every point. The whole people are losers in the upsetting of values and in the general maleficent influence, diffusing itself like malaria out of Missis-sippi swampsŠthroughout every sphere of honest human activity and every de-partment of legitimate trade. But the disturbances in trade and the  Upsetting of values ate the leak evils growing out of the present Unparalleled state of things: Strikes that involve the living of several milliohS of the people are troubles of Very grave and Po±..tentob§ Sdrt, But *heti strike's are attend With Violelice mbiteY gauges do hot, measure the losses that Society Sulters or te Perils that Overhang society, When MenŠwhether two Workers or ten thouSand'.ŠWhose contracts are filled out, quit work they do only What the? have absolute right to do. This right is coilaplete and sacred: it is a tight °eh; tered in the very heart of otir So long  as Men simply refuse to WorkŁ-- Meantime tuoleSting no others in their tightsŠthey raa,y Or ittay,,fia be foolish the? are hot Criminal. 43 ut the Moilleht Men whO hair() thrown down a job threaten With any form pf hurt, to say nothing of death, others who wish to take it Up; that moment they pass into the criminal claSS. They commit treason against mankind ; they are in rebellion against the social order and the civil law. They can no longer demand the protec-tion of law; they defy law and merit its penalties; they despise in others the rights they claim for themselves. Society cannot exist if confederated men who will not work prevent, by violence, men from working who wish to work. The right to work is certainly as sacred as the right to quit work. The continuance of such a state of things will bring anarchy complete and despotism absolute. The government that tolerates such a state of things is foolish; the gov-ernment that condones it is blind; the government that winks at it is wicked : the government that cannot prevent or suppress it is weak and worthy of con-tempt. That wage-earners may, or may not, have just ground of complaint against mine owners and other great corporations that employ them, plays no part in dis-cussing their right to beat and kill other laborers for daily bread willing to do the work they refuse, That in many cases the workers, as well as those who buy the output of their labor, have grounds for complaint, few people will question for a moment. But nothing that any mine owner, or other large employer, ever did to his em-ploy& is so bad as what some strikers do to men whoŠalbeit they labor for breadŠwish to work at jobs that strikers have thrown down. Nothing can be less justi-fiable than the mistreatment and killing of one set of men because we fall out with another, no matter what the objects of revenge have done or are capable of doing. The employer may fix a scale of prices that makes living hardŠeven impossible; but he cannot beat and kill men to force them to work for him. But the violent striker says to his brother wage-earner : " I won't work for such prices; you shall not. If you do, I will burn down your house or break your head." Despotism and cruel wrong cannot fur-ther go. The strikes under consideration assert, and upon occasion practice, the right to kill those who do not agree with their views concerning economic questions; otherwise work and wages, investments and profits. By and by they will kill those who differ from them on other sub-jects. There is as much natural and civil right for killing people for their opinions about religion as for their notions of labor  and its reward's. If one May not work to- day because another gays he shall not, to,  inotro* he may not vote or pray. When personal liberty is dead there are no free ins-Litt-Lions:  'The strikers who terrorise or kill Work- ers for bread When Strikes are " are lynchers by whole,sale. Lynch laW is an abomination]  whether iii the punishment of &into, or in the sup--liteSsion of free opinion, free speech, or _ree action.. Lynch lawŠsavagery and diabolism alwaysŠis least excusable when ifiVolied to control the free opinions or the legitiitate actions of inert. He Who kills anOther bebatise he Works for bread, is an unspeakably worse, tan than he Who kills to, phiiish rape. The miners, as ate all IA Who use theSe saVage Methods, are re Aels against goVernihmit and the, soblal 'Oder, They ShoUld; all Of thein, .be dOWn and brought into obedience tb law. A, Chicago paper says of GoverhOr Mat-thews that he " tells the strikers that he will quench their outbreak if it requires all the muscle and steel in Indiana for a week or a year." This man seems to remember his oath of office and to have forgotten, for the time at least, future elections involving his political fortunes. Oxford, Ga. Ł Ł Rome's New Policy. FATHER NUGENT, a Des Moines priest, in courting Protestant favor and adoration for the Catholic Church, has a word to say about the law of God. He says : " If she is against the law of God you ought to know it and' oppose her on moral grounds." Who shall tell us whether she is against the law of God or not ? In Dan. 7 : 25 we find a power described that would " think to change times and laws;" and it is fur-ther declared that "they shall be given into his hand." He could " think " to change the law, but it remained just the same, for his work did not change it at all. Self-deceived and deceiving others he would flatter himself that he had changed the immutable law of Jehovah. For a time fixed, and permitted by God, he would Stand thus before the universe. But he finally stands forth in his true character. Paul also Łtells of a "son of perdition ; who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is wor-shiped; so that he as God sitteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." He shows himself to be God, for no other being sees or thinks that he is God, till after he claims it, and then he is worshiped as God. And again, against this same power God gives the most fear-ful warning in these words: " If any man worship the beast and his image, and re-ceive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is poured with-out mixture into the cup of his indigna-tion ; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb." But before we go farther, let us consider the claim of the Catholic Church which she makes for herself, that justifies us in saying that these scriptures apply to her and her work. In the Decretals, es-teemed as the highest ecclesiastical law in the Roman Church, it is said of the pope: " He can pronounce sentence and judgment in contradiction to the right of 