APRIL 12, 1894. 115 yet as the former stands so high in the estimation of the theological world, and the latter in the political, they can do so much the more harm, and according to the course they are now pursuing, it seems that they would rather crush liberty a thousand times than to permit a moment's violation of their idol (Sunday). These God-recognizing agitators ignore what Milton has said : " Give me the lib-erty to know, to utter, and to argue freely according to conscience, above all liber-ties." What Iredell has said : " I shall always respect that jealousy which arises from the loss of public liberty; " Ł the words of William Lloyd Garrison: "Liberty is hunted with bloodhounds;" the words ,of General Grant : " Keep the Church and 1State forever separate; " and what is greatest' of all, the words of Him who spake as never man spake : " " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are (Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." WM. PENNIMAN. Ł Ł Ł  Should the Name of God Be in the Constitution ? No. Men should only act in the name of God by virtue of a direct commission from him to so act. To act in his name without such commission, is equivalent to forgery; for a commission purporting to come from heaven which in fact has originated on earth and among men, is the use of the name of God to render valid acts in his name which it is conceded would otherwise be invalid, and this is forgery. The Constitution is the instrument by virtue of which the acts of our political legislators, jurists and executors, are re-lieved of the element of usurpation, and placed in harmony with the rights of all men. By this Constitution the authority of these officials depends primarily upon the votes of the people, upon men. So long as this view, the view of our fathers, obtains, there is no danger of the union of Church and State. But if the name of God is placed in the Constitution, thus logically authorizing Government officials to act in the name of the Lord, there is no inconsistency in uniting Church and State; but on the contrary there would be a great inconsistency in not uniting them. Intelligent beings are supposed to act with reference to clearly defined thoughts. They are supposed to move in paths whose direction, character, and destination they know something about. Inserting the name of God in the Constitution should not be an exception to this rule. It should be done if done at all with reference to what he is, what he requires, what conse-quences will follow observing or violating those requirements. There are many gods whose names are mentioned in the world's religions. Which one of these shall be placed in our Constitution ? We imagine that we hear a chorus of voices answering, " The Christian's God, because this is a Christian nation." If people are to be Christianized by pretending to observe Christianity, a respectable minority of this nation is Christian; if they are only Chris-tianized by observing Christ's teachings, not even that much can be said. This anxiety to have the name of what is vaguely termed the Christian's God in-serted in the Constitution, and the Chris-tian's text-book used in public schools, is itself an exhibition of a great lack of prac-tical Christianity; for while pretending to welcome to our shores all nations and reli- gions, we are intent upon selfishly gaining an advantage over them by having our religion taught in our schools, and the name of our God inserted in the Constitu-tion. The zeal that leads in either of these directions is the same in character and could easily become the same in ex-tent, as that which proselyted by fire, sword, rack and thumb-screw. It pro-poses, that if it cannot advance its interests fast enough by the opportunities which all enjoy equally, that it will accomplish its work by getting an advantage of its competitors, by securing a sort of religious monopoly, the most contemptible of all the monopolies that have been born of human selfishness and greed. In deciding as to what God shall have his name inserted in the Constitution, we are compelled to have recourse to a major-ity vote. That is, if this thing is to be done as certain congressmen propose it shall be, the God in whose name this great Republic is to act, is to be determined by a vote! It follows, that such a being will be selected as the majority believe in and approve of ; and the minority will be bound by this decision. Everything which it is proper to submit to a vote of any people, is proper to be decided by that people. It is, moreover, proper, that un-der such circumstances the minority should submit to the majority so far as the matter submitted to a vote is concerned. How many of those who are clamoring for this innovation, would be willing to submit to majority vote the question of the God they should worship were they residents of Buddhist or Mohammedan countries ? And is not such submission equally as just to the Christian there as to the Mo-hammedan here ? It is not meet that our sense of justice become warped because we think we have the majority behind us, any more than it is suitable or commend-able that we become too brave or aggres-sive when glancing over our shoulder we see a large crowd ready to support our forward movements. If the majority have the right to choose the god of the nation, and in no other way under our form of government could one be chosen, then they have also the right to choose the forms by the use of which he shall be worshiped, and the practical life required in order to render him still further acceptable service. For it follows logically, that the right to select a god, has indissolubly connected with it the right to make such selection effective by providing for and enforcing by penal stat-utes if necessary, the worship of that god. It seems, therefore, clear that when we concede the propriety of placing the name of God in the Constitution, or having the authoritative text-book of any religion's ordinances or sacred days observed by reason of the State's authority and inter-ference, we have thereby submitted the whole question of religion to majority rule, and are honorably bound to submit to whatever decision that majority may make. The Patriot, therefore, now, as in the past, loudly protests against any at-tempt upon the part of the State to control the subject of religion. It is a usurpation which is only desired by those who, failing to have sufficient confidence in the innate power of their form of religion to make headway when others have an equal op-portunity to advocate theirs, therefore wish and strive for an advantage by hav-ing the power of the State enlisted upon their side. If we consent to the choice of a god for our Constitution by the majority,  we are then bound hand and foot. Our liberties are gone, our right of choice in matters of religion given away. Such a course would tend to the enslavement of this people, as it has to the enslavement of other peoples in the past. Beware !ŠIndependent Patriot. "God Is Love." " GOD is love; " he is the very source of love. Through love he created the worlds and placed beings upon them to do his will and glorify him. Upon this earth he placed man, and it was his design that he should be happy. For this reason he made him a free moral agent, that is, a being that could either obey him or not obey him. Thus man would be free, and therefore happy. But man disobeyed his CreatorŠthe God of love. He transgressed the command-ment of GodŠ" Of the tree of the knowl-edge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat," Šand so came " short of the glory of God." Before this he knew only good, but now he knew both good and evil. He lost favor with God and had not the power to do that which was good, for he was the servant of the originator of sin. " To whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey." Instead of being the child of God, he was the child of the evil one. Now, had he chosen, the Omnipotent could have compelled man to obey him. But " God is love," and how could he take that which is dearer to man than all elseŠlibertyŠfrom him, and so make him a slave to do as compelled ? God had a better way. His love caused him to do something to restore man to his original plan. Rather than destroy man, or take his liberty from him, he gave his only begotten Son to die for him, so that he might have the power to do that which is goodŠto keep the commandments of God. Jesus Christ is an example of those.  whom God would have to inhabit the new earth. He chose to do his Father's will. He kept the commandments from choice, not through being compelled to do so. He was, in the flesh, as liable to fall as was Adam, being of the same flesh with man, and having the same evil one to tempt him; but his love for God caused him to be loyal to him and to his word. God would have us serve him even as Jesus Christ didŠfrom love, from choice, and only such are accepted of him. " If ye love me, keep my commandments." Those who are compelled to serve God are no better in his sight than those who make no profession. God has not changed since the begin-ning, for in him " there is no variableness neither shadow of turning." So it is not his will that any be compelled to serve him now any more than he compelled Adam to serve him. As God is love so his children are love. They do everything from love even as he does. Christ's love led him to offer his life for sinful man; it led him to keep his Father's command-ments, and he kept all as they were given in the beginning. No change had taken place in them when he was on the earth, and he made no change, for he said that not "one jot or one tittle" should "pass from the law till all be fulfilled." Indeed, there needs no change in that which is,  perfect, and the word of God tells us that the law is perfect. A perfect law needs no revision. Christ kept the Sabbath " according to 