238 A.MIMMICA.N SJIMI‚TrrINIMIC.4 VoL. 11, No. 30. From March 14, the date of his incarceration, to July 20, would be one hundred and twenty-nine days, and as it was discovered, too, that' the law allows 40 cents per day in the county jail (although our brethren have heretofore been allowed only 25 cents per dAy), one hun-dred and twenty-nine days amountŁto l51.60, and the fines and costs in both cases were a total of $39.71. Thus it is evident that Brother Lewis was unjustly confined nearly thirty days, or there is due him from the county or sheriff about $12.00. The sheriff is. already perplexed over the matter and proposes to let the surplus days be counted for the three brethren who were imprisoned July 17. The fines and costs of each of the last named, are $17.65, or forty-four days in jail, unless they consent to work on the public.road, to which they are daily expecting to be called. C. G. LOWRY. THE CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR CONVENTION. ' BY J. E. JAYNE. THE International Convention of the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor met in Washington, D. C., July 8-13. BeSides the many visitors in the city, more than 31,100 Endeavorers registered at the several State headquarters. In many respects it was a " great conven-tion." The Society represents a large portion of the intelligence, ardor, energy, zeal, en-thusiasm and devotion of the youthful Chris-tians of this day, and possesses an influence that, wisely directed, may accomplish much good, and unwisely managed must result in great harm. There is little doubt that the rank and file of Endeavorers desire to so relate themselves to the great questions of the day that they will exalt the standard of morality. Many of their efforts are in the proper direction, and whatever of duplicity, mistaken conception, misdirected effort, etc., may be charged to them, it is with the majority a mistake of the " head and not of the heart; " and this virtue may be ascribed to their credit: they are zealous and enthusiastic in behalf of what they believe is right. Heretofore _their Ł motto has been, " The World for Christ," signifying an efort to bring all men to a true knowledge of the gospel, thus enthroning Christ in the heart of the individual. It is significant that this motto is now fre-quently reversed and rendered, " Christ for the World," and is indicative of a movement to exalt the politics of the world, making Christ to serve them. The movement is known as " Christian Citizenship." Refer-ring to it, one speaker said, " The young people— . . black and white, male and female, tall and short, thick and thin, believe in Christian Citizenship." This statement is doubtless putting the matter in too strong a light, nevertheless it must be recognized that the idea is rapidly finding favor with the majority of Christian Endeavorers. Under these circumstances the principles taught as Christian Citizenship are of much interest, and should receive careful scrutiny, because any measure strongly urged by so large a body of our citizens, and engrafted into the minds of our youth, cannot fail to greatly affect the public welfare. The leading advocates of Christian Citizen-ship loudly declare that " it is not an attempt to bring the Church into politics, or to com-bine Church and State." The following quotations from a pamphlet, entitled, " The  Christian Citizenship League: Its Purpose and Plan;" other literature of a similar char-acter; and utterances of speakers at the late convention, will enable the reader to decide this matter:Š " Christian Citizenship maintains the su-preme right of Jesus Christ to rule municipal and national as well as private life." " Except the State believe, it cannot be saved any more than a man." "The practical question before this nation to-day is, Shall our Government be secular and without any acknowledgment of Christ, or shall it recognize its Lord and King ?" " Christian Citizenship has a special mes-sage to Christian men and calls upon them to put their loyalty to Jesus Christ into their politics, to serve him at the caucus and primaries, and vote as he would have them vote." "Christian young people who are so earnestly cooperating in the great movement for Chris-tian Citizenship which exalts Christ as pres-ent and rightful King over all human affairs, . . . will find in the Christian amendment just introduced into the National Congress, the best expression of their fundamental idea of Christian government. Pledged to do what Christ would have us do also in politics, we believe that he who insisted so strenuously upon the confession of His name everywhere else, will help us to inscribe it in Łour Consti-tution. This battle . . . is forced by those who would destroy the Sabbath, the day of Thanksgiving, the Christian oath, chaplain-cies in public institutions, and all other ac-knowledgments of God and Christ." " The most vital problems of our national life are moral problems, involving the law of the Sabbath and other precepts of 4he Deca-logue." Thus it is seen that this movement is ex-actly what it purports not to be. Much was said along the lines of " Sab-bath observance." On Sunday afternoon a " Sabbath observance " meeting was held, in which the running of Sunday trains, Sunday mails, Sunday newspapers, Sunday bicycling, and all forms of Sunday amuse-ment, were strongly denounced. The meeting' was addressed by W. F. Crafts and others prominent in this line of work. Mr. Wm. Shaw, treasurer of the Christian En-deavor Society, presided, and declared this to be one of the most important meetings of the convention. Devotional exercises were begun by repeating the fourth commandment. The Sabbath was declared to be a memoriali of God's rest at creation. Isa. 58: 13, "If thou turn away thy foot from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day," was read. One speaker said that " God penned the fourth commandment for all time," and that " Sabbath desecration meant individual and national desolation." All was applied to Sunday, but evidently this was not satis-factory to themselves. The fact that these scriptures applied to the seventh and not to the first day, seemed to be in evidence and to give trouble. Try-ing to overcome this, the speaker said that " Christ came to fulfill the law ; " that this meant to " fill it full," and referred to his miracles; also that the expression, " The Sabbath was made for man," meant for all men in contradistinction to any portion of ' them. This speaker recognized that Christ and the disciples kept the seventh-day Sab-bath, and did not object to the Hebrew doing likewise. Another speaker took issue with this prin-ciple, and did not believe in the Jews being excused from keeping Sunday. One speaker said that the Lord instituted  the home on the sixth-day evening and the Sabbath on the following morning. Another speaker thought that Sunday was the seventh day, that God's original seventh day was man's first day, forgetting that if this idea be true it is all a mistake about the Lord creating Adam on the sixth day, and bringing before him every beast of the field and fowl of the air that he might name them; and that Adam gave names to all, but for Adam there was found no help-meet for him, and that the Lord caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and took one of his ribs and created a help meet for him and, brought her to Adam, and he said, " This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my flesh: she shall be called woman, because she was taken out of man. Therefore shall a man leave his father, and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh;" thus in-stituting the bond of holy matrimony, the safeguard of our homes until this day. In fact, in his anxiety to transfer Sabbath sa-credness to Sunday, by establishing that the Lord's seventh day was man's first day, the speaker seemed to be very forgetful of the facts of creation, and evidently overlooked the fact that, if his theory is true, Adam and Eve were not present at their own wedding. This case illustrates to what folly sensible men will resort when they endeavor to make void the law of God, and teach for doctrines the commandments of men. Sunday, en-forced by civil law upon all men, seemed to be the central idea of the meeting. In my opinion the greatest foe now men-acing the Young People's Society of Chris-tian Endeavor is this effort to turn aside its splendid powers from the work of genuine Christian endeavor and array them with the forces of evil in legal endeavor to compel their fellows in matters of conscience relative to the worship of God. It is with sorrow that we mark the large degree of success in this matter that has already been attained, but while we are alarmed for the future, we doubt not that God has here also many honest hearts who, seeing the light of present truth, will receive the message of Rev. 14: 9-12, and triumph with his people. ROME AND THE BIBLE. Do we owe anything to the Roman Catholic Church for the preservation of the Holy Scrip-tures? We think not; and we will give the reasons for our opinion. We know it is the boast of the church of Rome that the whole world is under many obligations to her for having preserved the sacred Scriptures during the long ages between the time of Christ and the Reformation. But is this really true ? Let us see: For the preservation of the law-Scriptures containing the Old Testament we are indebted. to the Jews. And to prevent them from being corrupted by any defection that might have taken place among them, about 250 years B. a., Ptolemy Philadelphus, king of Egypt, who seems to have been a great patron of learning, appointed seventy-two learned men to trans-late the Hebrew Scriptures into Greek. This translation, known as the Septuagint, is still extant, and was more in the keeping of the Eastern or Greek, than in that of the Western or Latin Church; so we are under no obliga-tion to the Roman Chnrch for the preservation of the Old Testament. But how is it about the New Testament ? The New Testament, with perhaps the single exception of the Gospel of Matthew, was written in Greek. At the close of the first 