_11.1114. VOL. 9. Xo. 4. day with two consecrated cents in his pi-ous pocket with which to tempt Lichenaeun to the great wickedness which the Herald reports so graphically ! How proudly he must have led the criminal toward the Tombs, conscious that he was saving the commonwealth of New York, and its holy city, from the terrible results of the base machinations and the unholy purposes of a man who dared to go in the streets and place himself where he could be tempted to do this horrid thingŠtempted, too, by the agent of the government he assailed! Think again how sacred that money was when it rested in the pious pocket of Sloan. Was it a " punched " dime, and did he get back eight cents in good money, and a shoestring, too ? And what devil's price of blood it was the moment it touched the itching, sin-stained palm of the depraved seller of shoestrings ! Let it not be said henceforth that New York City is not governedŠaye, governed in the interests of religion and morality. Let no man hereafter dare to doubt the future triumph of the " American Sab-bath " when such feats as Sloan's can be accomplished and men live to tell the tale. When such things can be, the wicked " continental Sunday " must go to a seat which is not in the front row. But the magnanimity of that judge! Out on bail for such a crime, and such paltry bail, $100 against two cents! There was never such a thing in history before. Surely " the quality of mercy is not strained " when such a pestilential fellow as Lichenaeun can come again next Sun-day if he will and hold his tempting bait before the eyes of officers and citizens and whisper amid the holy hush of cabs and cable cars, " Shoestrings; shoestrings." O tempora, 0 mores.ŠNew York Herald, Dec. 27, 1893. Christ and the Sabbath.* WHAT SABBATH-KEEPING IS. We have already learned that the Sab-bath rest is a spiritual rest, and it is there-fore impossible for one to keep the Sabbath unless Christ, whose presence gives rest, dwells in his heart by faith. Every case of conversion is a display of the creative power of God in calling out of darkness into light, in delivering from the power of darkness and translating into the king-dom of his dear Son; and the true Sabbath is a sign to every Christian of the creative power that has thus wrought for his deliv-erance, and which is to uphold him through all his varied experiences, as he journeys toward the eternal kingdom. As the Israelites were enabled to keep the Sabbath after they were brought out of Egypt, so the Christian, who has been delivered from the bondage of sin, can enjoy the spiritual rest, which is the true idea of Sabbath-keeping. So the Sabbath is a sign to every Chris-tian of the creative power of God in his deliverance from the power of sin. It is a sign to him of the blessing of God in turning him away from his iniquities. It is a sign to him of the presence of Christ to make him holy. It is a sign to him of the presence of Christ in him to sanctify him. That is to say, it is a measure of the working of that creative power in his individual experience. But the real purpose of God in creation will not be fully carried out, until all who * From No. 14, of the Religious Liberty Library, by Prof. W. W. Prescott. receive Jesus Christ have been created anew, until the body has been fashioned anew, "that. it may be conformed to the body of his glory," until the new heavens and the new earth are made. Then, with the new heavens and the new earth, with the body conformed to his glorious body, and with the character of God in Jesus Christ wrought in them by faith, the earth will be peopled with a righteous people, just as God intended in the first place, and just in pursuance of his original plan of creation. And so in the new earth the Sabbath will remain, the sign of God's power in a completed creation. And thus we read in Isa. 66 : 22, 23: "For as the new heavens and the new earth, which I will make, shall remain before me, saith the Lord, so shall your seed and your name remain. And it shall come to pass, that from one new moon to another, and from one Sabbath to another, shall all flesh come to worship before me, saith the Lord." And so onward through all the ages of eternity, the Sabbath will always be the sign of the creative power of God. What, then, is the Sabbath ?ŠIt is the memorial of the power of God manifested to the world through Jesus Christ, not only in the creation of the heaven and the earth, but in the re-creation of the in-dividual. What, then, is Sabbath-keep-ing ?ŠIt is Christian experience. What, then, is the Sabbath blessing ?ŠIt is the blessing of sanctification by the power of God working through Jesus Christ. What, then, is Sabbath-keeping ?ŠIt is the sign to the individual Christian of his own Christian experience. It is to him the measure of the working of that cre-ative power of God in Jesus Christ, that he may be renewed in the image of God, that he may be made a perfect man in Christ Jesus. What, then, is Sabbath-keeping ?ŠIt is the sign to the Christian that he trusts for salvation in the power that created all things. What, then, is Sabbath-keeping ?ŠIt is the sign to the Christian that his hope, his confidence, are entirely in Jesus Christ, who is the Creator and Redeemer. What, then, is Sabbath-keeping ?ŠIt is the sign of his growth in Jesus Christ. What, then, is Sabbath-keeping ?ŠIt is all and in all to the Christian. When it is understood what the Sabbath really is and what Sabbath-keeping is, there is not a person who desires Jesus Christ, there is not a person who longs for the blessings and the rest that there are in Jesus Christ, who would hesitate one moment as to what day it is. It is what it is rather than when it is that we must consider, because when we study what it is, we shall at the same time find out in the most emphatic way when it is. One day will do just as well as another in which to rest physically, but there is only one day on which we can keep Sabbath; there is only one day that has the blessing by the presence of Christ in this way. Come to the Sabbath blessing; come to Sabbath-keeping. THE SABBATH SATAN'S OBJECT OF ATTACK. IT being evident that the Sabbath is designed to turn men's minds toward the true God and Jesus Christ as the agent in creation and in redemption, it follows that if any movement is to be made to defeat the plan of God in the salvation of man, in the re-creation of man, the first thing to be done is to turn men away from the Sabbath, the reminder of Jesus Christ as the only Saviour. If men's minds can be  turned away from Christ, they will fail of salvation. Christ's power is the only power sufficient to save. If men can be led to trust in any other power, they will be disappointed in all hope of salvation. Therefore the most certain way to defeat the plan of God in Christ for the salvation of men, is to turn men's minds away from Christ ; and the first thing to be done, then, is to turn men's minds away from that which reminds them of Christ. There-fore, if the Sabbath can be hidden, if men's minds can be turned from the Sab-bath, and the meaning of the Sabbath, a successful move has been made in turning men away from the plan of salvation in Jesus Christ. There is one being who has made it his purpose for these many years to oppose the work of Jesus Christ for the salvation of the human race. Created an angel of light, made an anointed cherub, standing in the immediate presence of God, one on whom the light of the glory of God shone in a most remarkable and special manner, Lucifer, filled with envy that he was not made equal to Christ, and that the honor which belonged to Christ was not given to him, rebelled against God. His heart was filled with pride and envy, and he turned against the government of God. In spite of every offer of mercy, he per-sisted in rebellion until his own course cast him out of heaven. Since that time Satan's purpose has been to defeat the plan of God for the salvation of men. Having lured man into sin that he might involve him in the same penalty with him-self, he has sought to keep man away from God's plan to save him. He has sought to induce the human family to put their trust in him and his power, instead of in Christ and his power. The root of the trouble which caused Satan to be cast out of heaven, which brought rebellion into the government of God, and which has resulted in this earth being cursed by sin, was simply this : that Satan, given this exalted position in the presence of God, was not yet satisfied, but envied the position occupied by the Son of God, and desired that the honor which was bestowed upon Jesus Christ should be bestowed upon himself. God had given him an exalted position, yet it did not satisfy his ambition, and he sought the place occupied by Jesus Christ. Per-sisting in this, and refusing to give up his own way and his own selfish ambition, he was necessarily cast out of heaven. From that day he has worked on this same line. He has stirred up just that same feeling of self-exaltation in the hearts of the human family, and all these centuries, he has not given up that one plan and project of his, which is that, if possible, he should occupy the place which belongs to Christ; that, if possible, the homage due to Christ should be paid to himself instead of to Christ. And from that 'time to this he has tried to put himself in the place of Christ; he has tried to turn men away from God as manifested through Jesus Christ. SUN-WORSHIP AND SUNDAY. Our worship is due to God as revealed in Jesus Christ, since he is the Creator, and to pay that homage to any other per-son or thing is idolatry. All idolatry is instigated by Satan in his efforts to turn men from the true God, and is in essence a worship of Satan as opposed to the wor-ship of the true God. The most ancient and widespread form of idolatry was sun- 