336 E AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 42. NEW YORK, OCTOBER 27, 1892. NOTE.ŠAny one receiving THE AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered THE SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. THE Commercial Advertiser notes the fact that " Colonel Shepard asserts that nearly four hundred thousand Rhode Islanders have signed petitions demand-ing the closing of the Columbian Exhibi-tion on the Sunday." The Advertiser's only comment is that "Mr. Porter's cen-sus gives Rhode Island a population of only 345,506." But everybody ought to understand by this time that the number of inhabitants has nothing to do with the number of petitioners for Sunday closing. The " new method " of petitioning by which the same persons are counted again and again as often as is thought necessary, enables even the smaller States to make as good a showing as the more populous ones. Š0Š IN his sermon on Sunday evening, Oc-tober 9, Rev. Charles Parsons, D. D. Pas-tor of the Hanson Place Methodist Church, Brooklyn, said that at the World's Fair next summer " there is to be a world's congress of Baptists, a world's congress of Presbyterians, and an ecumenical council of the Methodists in Chicago at that time. They will also have a union meeting; not to see what points they dis-agree upon, but to find how they can unite their forces to work together for the conversion of the people;" and then he added slowly and impressively: " When that time [the uniting of the forces] ar-rives I hardly dare think what the result will be." And one who was present and heard him, suggests that "he would have said it still more solemnly if he had had any adequate idea of the result." THE Christian Christian Cynosure remarks that " the opposition to the temporal authority of the Pope has hitherto promised little hope of its ever being restored; but a re-cent change in the sentiment of the peo-ple of Italy, it is said, has taken place, and, under the sanction of the Vatican, republicanism is advocated with increas-ing interest. The alleged admiration felt for republican institutions by the Pope was made public several months ago. Its first fruits threaten to be a revolution in Italy, and the restoration, if possible, of the Pope to the rule of the people. It is very difficult to believe that he really admires the self-rule of a people by the people, for the benefit of the people. That is not a Vatican idea." It is true that self-rule " is not a Vati- can idea," nor is it the idea of any eccle-siastical organization, ambitious for 1  olit-ical power. Even in " Protestant " America, the American Sabbath Union and its allies, of which the Cynosure is one, are determined that in some things the people shall not rule, but that the churches shall have sway. A political church will either rule or ruin whether in Europe or America. The Pope is no worse than the political preachers in the United States. Š0Š AT the May term of court in Henry County, Tenn., one case on the calendar was a charge against a man for drawing a pistol. The accusing witness testified that when the weapon was drawn one of his sons, a boy of some fourteen years, was present. The boy was not, however, put on the witness stand. This circum-stance was referred to by the attorney for the defense, who asked, " If this boy saw this pistol drawn why was he not called to testify to the fact ?" This pertinent inquiry was met by the Attorney General who declared that it was greatly to the man's credit that he had not caused his boy to be brought into court to be sub-jected to cross examination, etc. Yet this same Attorney General, who was so very tender of that boy, does not scruple to summon boys of no more mature years before the Grand Jury, and there require them to testify against their own fathers and mothers, telling what is done in the privacy of the home on Sunday ! Š0-- IN its October number, Free Russia, the organ of the Society of Friends of Russian Freedom, says :Š Although Alaska was abandoned by the Tsar some decades ago, a little corner of Russia still remains in the United States; it is no other than the State of Tennessee, where, as the National Religious Lib-erty Association informs us, men are fined and im-prisoned for working in the fields on Sunday. This is a bad state of things, yet it is considerably easier to live in Tennessee than in Russia. A good many of Russia's persecuted sects, in fact, would hail with joy the opportunity of residing in a State where their religious belief was called into ques-tion only one day in the week. All the same Ten-nessee is in a bad way, and while it remains un-Americanized the friends of Russian freedon in this country can not hope for much effective aid from that State in the work which they have at heart. It is small difference whether the State assumes control of the conscience one day in the week or seven days; the conscien-tious Christian must be loyal to God every day alike. Nor is there so very much difference between Russia and Tennessee in respect to the penalty for refusing to surrender soul liberty. In Russia banish-ment is the penalty for persistent refusal to conform to the dominant creed; in Henry County, Tenn., the authorities say that " the Adventists must yield or leave the State." Of course the Tennessee courts can not banish them directly, but the au-thorities have declared that they will prosecute them until they either yield or  get out of the State. There is indeed small difference between Russian and Ten-nessee methods when it comes to the mat-ter of religious persecution. Š0Š IN a recent address at Coin, Iowa, Rev. W. F. Crafts claimed that forty millions of the people of this Nation were in favor of closing the World's Fair on Sunday; but in the same speech he stated that " western Pennsylvania sent in one-fourth of all the petitions." The entire State of Pennsylvania has in round numbers a population of only 5,000,-000. The eastern portion of the State has more inhabitants than the western part. One-fourth of 40,000,000 is 10,000,000. Will Mr. Crafts explain how petitions representing ten millions of petitioners could come from a territory having a pop-ulation of less than 2,500,000 people ? We have repeatedly pointed out the fraudulent character of the petitions pre-sented by the American Sabbath Union ; showing that the same persons were counted over and over again many times. The statement made by Mr. Crafts is sim-ply a confirmation of what we have often said. Š0Š THE New York Independent of Septem-ber 29, very innocently gives the whole Sunday-law movement away, and shows that all this clamor for Sunday closing and Sunday legislation is not for the pur-pose of giving the laboring man a rest, but to increase church attendance. It says : " If the Chicago Exposition should be closed Sunday morning so that church services would not suffer, it should be closed Sunday afternoon so that Sunday-school attendance may not be affected." This also serves to illustrate the fact that when the Church begins to make en-croachments upon the Government and to obtain favors from this source, it does not cease in its demands in this direction, until it usurps the whole civil authority for the furtherance of its ends. "In the Chain-gang.ﬂ READER, have you done anything to assist in circulating that excellent tract, " In the Chain-gang for Conscience' Sake," noticed in this paper three weeks ago ? If not, be sure to send at once to the National Religious Liberty Associa-tion, Battle Creek, Mich., for a good sup-ply, and then scatter them among your neighbors. This tract is a brief history of the persecution of Seventh-day Advent-ists in Tennessee; it costs only fifty cents per hundred, and will surely be read by everyone who sees it. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per, 'year, - - 90c. 25 to 99 " " " " - - - 80c. 4 4 100 to 249 " ' " " ,, - - 75c. f c 250 to 499 " " " 4 t 46 - - - 70c. " 4 500 to 999 " " " it 1,t - - 65c. " 1000 or more ,, ii if " - - - 60c.  To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - - 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond street, New York City. 