Price, 3 cents. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 26, 1895. tea.-x  "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, / JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR I CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD." 10. No: 38. CECIL CALVERT, SECOND LORD BALTIMORE, It was quite out of the question for Lord Baltimore to establish the Catholic religion in Maryland; he did the only thing that was possible for him to do under the circumstances, to secure even toleration for those of his own faith. American. Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, NO. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONO T. JONIr,S, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, LEON A. SMITH, - RELIGIOUS TOLERATION IN MARYLAND, ,T4E4E are two facts that conspire to make the historY of religious toleration in Maryland of surpassing.  interest to the student,  of Amer-ican higtorY. One is that the lord proprietary was a Roman Catholic; the other is that Mary-land,,It'is,,Olahned, was the first of the original thirteen colonies' to establish religious toler- atiOn statute. . Confronted by.tho history of centuries of intelerance ,in other countries, Roman Catho-lics turn with satisfaction to the history of Mar.Yland, and point to it with pride, as an evidence of the tolerant character of " the church." After exhausting the very meager materials foulid hi the Old World with which to support the papal claire. that " the church" is tol-erant, Cardinal "Gibbons says :Š Turning to our own country, it is with no small degree of satisfaction that I point to the State of Ma-ryland: as the cradle of, civil and religious liberty, and the "land of the sanctuary." Of the thirteen original American colonies, Maryland was the only one that was settled by Catholics. She was also the only one that spread aloft over her fair lands the banner of liberty of conscience, and that invited the op-preSsed of 'other colonies to seek an asylum beneath its shadow.2  There are, at least, two fatal errors in this paragraph: first, Maryland was not settled exclWively, nor even principally, by Ro-man'1Cathoiics;, and second, religious liberty 1  the statute to which reference is here made was passed by thb Maryland assembly in 1649, thirteen years after Roger Williams and others who had suffered persecution in Massa-chusetts,. had established, at Providence, as Arnold says, " a pure democracy, which for the first time guarded jealously the rights of conscience by ignoring any power in the body politic to interfere, with those matters that alone concern man and his Maher." It Was hot, however, until March 14, 1643,, sixYears before the act of toleration was passed in Maryland, that the "Patent for Providence Plantations" was issued,prior to which time the legislation of the colony was without royal sanction.ŠSee "Patent for Providence Planta-tions;" and foot note to the same, in " Charters and Constitu-tions," Vol. 2, p. 1594. I " Faith of Our Fathers," p. 272; edition of 1893. was never established in that colony, either by Catholics or by Protestants. The act of April 21, 1649, was an act of toleration merely, providing that " no person within this prov-ince, professing to believe in Jesus Christ, shall be in any ways troubled, molested, or discountenanced, for his or her religion, or in the free exercise thereof." g The same act provided that " whatsoever person shall . . . deny the Holy Trinity, or any of the persons thereof, shall be pun- ished with death." And that " whatsoever person or persons shall from henceforth use or utter any reproachful words or speeches concerning the blessed Virgin Mary, the mother of our Saviour, or the holy apostles or evangelists, or any of them, shall in such case for the first offense forfeit to the lord pro- " History of the United States," by Bancroft, Vol. I, Part I, chap. 10, p. 168. prietary the sum of five pounds sterling or the value thereof. . . . And every such offender or offenders, for every second offense shall forfeit ten pounds sterling or the value thereof. . . . And every person or per-sons before mentioned offending herein the third time, shall for such third offense forfeit all his lands and goods, and be forever ban-ished and expelled out of this province."' It will be readily conceded that this was very far short of religions liberty; it was sim-ply toleration for believers in the Christian religion. It is true it was far in advance of any other colony at that time except Rhode Island,' but it was not religious liberty. In practice it did not secure even toleration to all be-lievers in,  Jesus Christ. 'The Quakers were persecuted in Maryland as badly as in Virginia and Massachusetts." For ex-ample: " In 1658, Joseph Coale and Thomas Thurston, preach-ers belonging to that body, were treated with great severity by the authorities and compelled to flee the country." But let us consider briefly the question as to whom the credit belongs for a measure of religious toleration in Maryland. As before stated, Maryland was not settled by Roman Cath-olics but very largely by Protes-tants. The charter was issued on the twentieth day of June, 1632, to Cecil Calvert, the second Lord Baltimore. The following November, Leonard Calvert, brother of the proprietary, sailed from the Isle of Wight with two hundred colonists to effect a set-tlement in Maryland. The vessels, the Ark and the Dove, sailed by way of Fortune Island, Barbados, and St. Christopher's, and did not reach Maryland until March, 1634. After cruising about in 4  " Archives of Maryland Assembly," Vol. I, p. 244. See also Bancroft's "History of the United States," Vol. 1, part 1, chap. 10, pp. 168, 169. Roger Williams was expelled from Massachusetts in Jan-nary, 1636. " Within two years," says Bancroft, " others fled to his asylum. The land which he occupied was within the - - EDITORS. ASSISTANT EDITOR, 