200 AMERICAN SENTINEL. that identical government, are unable to do for them-selves? Is it consistent for a man to attempt to legislate to make others moral, when he is utterly powerless to improve his own moral condition in his own strength? Attempts were made in every century of this Chris-tian era to effect the regeneration of society by law, blit what has been the result? Take a rapid glance down through the ages, and we see that every experiment in this direction has terminated in the augmentation of hypoc-risy among the timid, death-fearing element; or the martyrdom of thousands who were too conscientious to sacrifice principle in the least degree. Is the civil power to be trusted with the undertaking of purifying the heart of man from all corruption? Until it is in a posi-tion to successfully execute that all-important work, so long will it be disqualified from engaging in the equally significant work of regenerating society at large, by attempting to remove the moral cess-pools of depravity, which pollute and contaminate the whole of God's cre-ation. The only power that can successfully counteract and overcome the power to do evil, is the power of the gospel; this is the only effectual force which can prove more than sufficient to counterbalance the influence of evil upon the human race. As much washing avails not to obliterate the beautiful colors of the stained glass; so religious legislation is impotent to accomplish the mission upon which it is sent. Our legislators have just as much rea-son to sanction statutes to keep the angels in their present state of holiness, as to pretend to accept the responsibility of making the inhabitants of our fair uni-verse, docile, good, moral creatures by human enact-ments. If religious legislation receives the consent of the governed now, where, may we ask, will it draw the line of demarcation? ŁIf it can make us good, moral citizens on Sunday, why should not the same system be applied to improve the moral condition of, the people on other and all days of the week? The rights of one man are as sacred as the rights of a thousand. If a man dissents from the views of the vast majority, that should not in the least curtail his rights. Man has the right to dissent, and because of such dissension, nobody is justified in coercing him, or in intruding upon the sacred precincts of his conscience. When the religious tenets of the majority are selected by a government, or taken under its special care as the state religion, there is made at once a discrimination in favor of certain of its subjects, to the exclusion and injury of the minority. The next step in logical order, is the taking of stringent measures to bring all dissenters into conformity to this legalized religion; and accord-ingly laws are decreed to enforce certain religious ob-servances, and to authorize the imposition of civil bur-dens and incapacities upon all who refuse obedience. Thus it is that the first step in a union of the church with the state begets religious legislation, which in turn  begets religious persecution, and a revival of the cruel deeds of the Inquisition. God has made all men equal. He has bestowed upon every son of Adam the same inalienable rights and privi-leges; and none but a usurper would wish to trespass upon the sacred premises of his neighbor. God is no respector of persons. He knows neither rich nor poor, black or white; all are alike, to him, and all have the same privileges. The inalienable right of every creature is the right to worship his Creator according to the dictates of his own conscience, without being mo-lested in any degree in the exercise of such religious duties. Shall we take to heart this beautiful principle, and ever seek to do unto others as we should like them tG do unto us? Let us think well upon this. Argentine Republic. More Slavery to Abolish. Boston Daily Globe. ONE burden in the Philippines which we cannot shirk even if we would is the abolition of slavery. That relic of barbarism, despite the constitutional amendment, which distinctly forbids slavery "in any place subject to. the jurisdiction of the United States," prevails to day in Sulu, Mindero, and other islands in the group which once was nominally Spain's. The slave trade, which the dons winked at, but which America cannot afford to tolerate, centers in Maibun, the ancient capital of Sulu. There it flourishes under the protection of our subject Sultan, Haroun Narrasid, and it is said that girls of fifteen can be bought at the very doors of his palace for five bushels of rice, with slightly higher prices for choice bondmen or bondwomen. It will be necessary for Uncle Sam to intervene, even if the Moros are roused to a "holy war'' for the defense of their cherished institution. It is said that so widespread have been the operations of these slave-hunters and their predecessors that among their slaves to day are found Malays captured from Sumatra, Papuans from New Guiana, Siamese, Javanese and natives of the island of TimorŠa heterogeneous mixture which is the puzzle of the most profound ethnologists of the time. It will be difficult to dissociate the idea of liberty to hold the tenets of Mahomet from liberty to practice the slave trade and general piracy and bloodshed, but it is clear that we are bound to essay and accomplish the task. Murder, captive selling into bondage, must go in all our acquisitions, despite the fact that it will cause a. good deal of trouble, a good deal of expense and a good deal of time. We are likely to have an urgent "Philippine ques_ Lion" with us for years, even after Emilio Aguinaldo has been brought to a realizing sense that discretion is the better part of valor. 