MAY 9, 1895. ik101111,1[(CAiNT 147 the sin. is greater by being committed 'on a holy dayŠ,tor; eXaMple,, is it not a greater sin, to get drunk ou -Sunday than on any other day of the week ?" . His manner was embarrassed and, I replied good-, lannoiedly, " It depends on the kind of a drunk. If it is a. ease of- intoxication it is as ,bad on Sunday as on any Other day , of the . week, no more or less; a drunk is a drunk whenever it occurs, and -the drunk-' Ad's sin is as great on Wednesday as on -Sunday. That is another instance of the immoral' teaching of your church. Your standard of morality,  l& totally different from that of the,American people, and:  they will never indorse such .doctrine by giving support to your Schools.!' O'Connor is .quite right in regard to the quality of -an act. :Sin is, sin on whatever day it is committed.. But we are not so sure' that - be is, right about the,  views of the American eopleiŁ fact, everything goes to: show that "American " view is substantially 'the Catholic Indeed,: almost every Amer- ican, State prohibits,  on Sunday- some-  things :Which-are .nob prohibited to Catholics- by' the church except for,  such hours of the day as are devoted to_publinworship, and:then only that the people may be. the - more free-:to attend Sunday Services. This shows, that even in the ",American"-coneeption,  the time of the corn--,:mission of an-  act changes the quality of the -Sot:. WHERE SHALL THEY 'GO THE SENTINEL has received but two papers, indorsing -the Łrecent Tennessee , persecutions. One of- these is the-Pulaski (Tenn.) Citizen, '-which 8peaks thus!---;- —Almost everyweek we receive literature consisting 'cif 'circUlars.and:  marked articles iu papers published by a sect knoWn as Seventh:day Adventists. 'The burden- of these. articles is -an attack upon our- Sunday laws. While we are as much opposed to religious, and ;class legislation as any one, we are strictly in favor of Slindity laws for the goOd of society in general, and' if these fanatics want to work on Sunday they --should move to some- country where the people do not object. The Citizen may not realize it, but its clos-'ing' advice to Seventh-day Adventists is but .a notice to them to ﬂ get off the earth." There 'is no country in the 'world where there are not" found people' who 'Object to the practice ;of any, religion save their -own. Then again, - these Seventh-day Adventists are needed on 'the earth-  as long as there is any. hope of converting the editor of the Citizen or others who 'arelikeminded, to the great Christian principle, "WhitsoeVer ye would that men 'shotild do to you, do ye even so to them." ENCOURAGING WORDS FROM ISRAELITES. THE SENTINEL is gratified with the ap-proVing words for the faithfulness of the persecuted Seventh-day Adventists, which are found in Our Hebrew exchanges. One of the Most courageous and consistent .of these, and one which utilizes every 4portnnity to speak for the .persecuted and, for theŁ principles of religious liberty at stake in the struggle, is The Jewish Spectator, of Memphis and New Orleans. The following, from an editorial in its issue of April 12,, will illustrate the .spirit of, the Spectator toward the .persecuted seventh-day observers:Š Perhaps some of our readers may think that we attach too much importance .to the 'persecution, trials ,and sufferings of the Sev-enth-day-Adventists..'Let Israelites remember, however, that those people stand loyally and courageously for the same principle which. is dear and near to the hearts of our own people; they stand for religious_ liberty andifreedom of the conscience, and though the present, gener- -ation of Israelites in Europe and in the United States do not universally and scrupulously maintain the sanctity of the seventh day, still they will certainly manifest a great interest .toward the members of this most remarkable ,sect of Łmodern Christendom. For Christians they are to the very core of Christian belief, and it is, perhaps, one -of those inscrutable interpolations of divine Providence, that a Christian sect should stand up for the author-ity and strict application of the fourth com-mandment as it is promulgated in the Deca-logu e. " IT HURTS. Persecution of the Adventists. Immigration to Tennessee Stopped in the North in Many Localities On Account of It. [The following letter, copied from the.Dayton Re-publican, presents a new phase of the persecution of ,SeVenth.7day Adventists in Tennessee. The SENTINEL, as all its readers know, is strictly non-partisan, de-voting its columns to religious truth, especially the great, cardinal, Christian truth of religious liberty; and some of our warmest friends and co-laborers, even in Tennessee, are found in both of the great political parties. It is true that tens of IlsILISSIRdS'Of SENTINELS are distributed by our friends in every State of the -Union, in which we point out the cruel injustice done an inoffensive people through the enforcement of Sunday laws, and it is more than likely that this agi-tationŁwill affect the material interests of the section in which these persecutions occur; but the SENTINEL disallows all intent or desire to make the question a sectional, political or commercial problem. The grin-: ciples involved are as broad as the world, and infinitely more important than party politics or commerce. The principles involve not only the cherished principle of religious liberty, but the eternal life of both the perse-cuted parties and those directly or indirectly responsi-ble for . their persecution. It is from this point that the SENTINEL has treated and will-treat the matter.] Atlanta, Ga., April 18, 1895. Editor Dayton Republican :Š I have read your editorial of March 23, with reference to the outrage committed on citizens of -your coupty because of their reli- gious belief. But I want to put the affair in a different light. The South lia4 a heavy load of opprobrium to carry now, and why seek to make things worse? Has it ever occurred to you what effect this religious persecution in Tennessee will have on immigration? If not, I can tell you. I have just returned from a nine months' visit to Ohio, where I found, scattered every- wilere,among the farmers, copies of the AMER-ICAN 'SENTINEL and other papers, giving full 'account of the imprisonment of the Advent-ists in Rhea County, Tenn. In one settle-ment a number of farmers had made up their minds to move to Tennessee, and had formed a club for that purpose. I was aiding the matter all I could, as. you can find out by writing to John E. Helms, of the Gazette, Morristown, Tenn., to which paper I wrote a letter, urging real estate men to send advertis- ing matter.about Tennessee to me for general distribution. But this religious persecution knocked the whole thing in the head. The majority of these intending immigrants were Republicans, and they -feared to move South. Said one of 'them to me:Š . . . I am not going where there is no religious or political freedom. If the Tennessee authorities persecute and imprison men and women for their reli-gious belief, they would find some pretext to harass and persecute me, because I am a Republican, and the 'rest who would go there. No, Sir, I am not going to such a State. And look how they have about counted  out the Republican Governor in Tennessee. I tell you, we are not going to.such a place. I see that they also imprison Adventists in Georgia; and I guess it is the same way all over the South. We are now think-ing of Oklahoma or southern California, , and have given up all idea of going to Tennessee or any of the Southern States. Thousands of people at the' North want to come South, but they are afraid of religious or political persecution. Many of the old preju-dices against the South had worn away, and there was a feeling of confidence in east !Ten-nessee, with its big Republican majority; but the recent' persecution- of Christians' in -Rhea County and-the counting out of H. Clay Evans, has retarded immigrationŠset Ł it back for years,Šand unless the intolerant .laws, there are repealed, and a free and honest ballot -main-tained, the State will lose millions inimmigra-tion. As a Southerner who loves the: South and wants to see it grow in population and in wealth, I am sorry to see such a state of things. There are thousands of Adventists and Sev-enth-day Baptists in the Northern and Western States, who observe the seventh day, but not the .first day of the week; but not,  one of these people has ever been arrested or in any way molested because of their religious belief. To do such a thing is a crime against freedom, a violation of the Constitution, and an outrage on the rights of man. It is a monstrous act of injustice, for which Tennessee must surely suffer in loss of immigration, as I have already pointed out. I am not an Adventist. I have nothing in common with these people except a desire for liberty of thought. But I 'have lived among these people, mingled with them, and know, that if there are any conscientious, honest, truly religious and really worthy people and patriotic citizens, they will be found among the Adventists. And, to see other so-called Christians 'per-secuting them, and informing on them; and backing up the authorities who send the Ad-ventists to jail simply because they do not be-lieve as the other Christians believe, - is simply a horrible and contemptible mockery on reli-gion. -The Christian who would imprison an-other Christian because of a differenceŁ in- belief, is not a Christian, but a devil incarnate. Why, if this thing keeps up we may look for a reestablishment of the Inquisition, with all its bloody horrors! All laws conflicting with perfect religious freedom,- not only in Tennessee, but in all the Southern States, should be repealed, and-laws enacted granting persons the right to worship and work as their consciences dictated. We want perfect mental, religious and. political liberty. Our forefathers fought--for these things. But, if good people-are to be impris-oned because of their religious belief, then our forefathers fought in vain, and liberty is a mockery and a-lie. JOHN HAMILTON DAVIS. A SUNDAY-LAW HYPOCRISY. From the World, April 22. A BILL is pending at Albany to regulate barbers. It forbids barbers outside ,..the great cities to shave any customers at all on Sunday. As to barbers in the great cities, it permits them to shave until 1 o'clock P. M., but not after that hour. Nothing could better illustrate the absurd-ity of our Sunday, laws than this. —Nobody will pretend that there is anything -inherently wrong in the shaving of a man. The only possible excuse for forbidding it on Sunday is that Sunday is " holy time,". as our . statutes 