THE SENTINEL OF' LIBERTY. 349 Latin races, Brazilians still have a prejudice in favor of governing themselves. It is suggested that Secre-tary Root's utterance was not impossibly prompted by a South American appeal for some such declaration. At all events, it is plain that the United States would have a very decided interest in any movement that would result in putting any European nation in a con-trolling position in South America.ŠChristian En-deavor World. "Has Finally Gripped Even the United States." The Springfield (Mass.) Republican referring to the recent wild demonstrations of joy in London over the news of the relief of Mafeking, South Africa, and its plucky defenders, says : "As the crowds were roaring through the streets of London the press dispatches to America were telling of the official correspondence coming from India rela-tive to the famineŠthe situation in various districts being summed up after this style : 'Crops, practically nil; water, hardly any; cattle, all dead; people, thrift-less class dead, people with small means at end of their resources and either on relief works or dying; crime, abnormal.' "At the same time a committee of too in New York City was issuing an appeal for American money to send to India. It stated that 6o,000,000 of the queen's subjects were suffering from famine, and that at least 10,000,000 of them were face to face with death from starvation. The deaths are reckoned by the thousands daily, and the Indian government, with all the outside help it has been able to obtain, is caring for only about 6,000,000 of the affected 6o,000,000. American money to save the queen's subjects from starvation by hun-dreds of thousands, while England at home throws money right and left to celebrate in drunken disorder a petty triumph of arms, and sends out from $1o,000,-000 to $20,000,000 a monthŠenough to keep as many people alive in IndiaŠto strangle two little republics in South Africa in their own dust and blood ! "It is a painful picture, from whatever point of view may be chosen. But it may profitably arrest the at-tention of all mankind. It brings home to the humane heart of the world, with overpowering force, the ut-terly brutal and savage nature of the jingo aggression which has seized upon the leading nations and has finally gripped even the United States. Our own Phil-ippine aggression of the same general nature, with its thousands of innocent victims, awful as it is in all its aspects, appears almost feeble in comparison with this parent exhibition of an ambition which leaves millions of its subjects to starve while in drunken joy it pursues a bloody triumph over the life of weaker states." We have no wish to intermeddle with the South African imbroglio; nor do we think England worse than other nations. Human nature is essentially the same everywhere, and the madness manifested in Lon-don is world-wide. It awaits only occasion to show itself. B. By What Right? [By Chas. C. Holbrook, District Judge, Alamosa, Col.] If I believe in the continuing force and authority of the fourth commandment as a part of the necessarily unchangeable law of the unchangeable God, and you believe that by some mysterious, unexplained and un-known process, the unchangeable God so far changed his mind as to change his law by substituting the first day for the seventh, and then forgot to tell us about it, what right have you to punish me for not under-standing as you understand this mysterious, unex-plained and unknown process of doing that which the Lord has never admitted doing? If you have evidences upon which you are enabled to base a belief, and from which you do believe, that God changed his fourth commandment by substituting the first day for the seventh, and I am so constituted that the same evidences do not convince me, by what claim of right would you punish me because my God-given conscience cannot be satisfied by the-  same evi-dences which satisfy yours ? And by what right do you assume to force me to serve God according to the dictates of your conscience instead of my own ? The leading nations of Europe have come to an agreement to prevent the further killing of big game in Africa, except with their mutual consent; but mean-while the killing of the human speciesŠmen, women and childrenŠgoes on as fast as the combined efforts of two opposing powers can continue the process. It is too much to expect that European civilization should exert its force to prevent the further slaughter of hu-man beings by the bullets of men who hunt beneath the government flag. The country has been startled by the revelation of great frauds practiced under the United States admin-istration of affairs in Cuba, and the latest information is that only a tithe of the whole story of dishonesty in this matter has yet come to the light of publicity. But why should the people be startled? Why be surprised over the occurrence of that which is as natural as the law of gravitation ? It only shows that the people have not taken pains to view present occurrences in the light of the past. Let them read ancient Roman his-tory and the history of every nation which has gov-erned provinces as the United States is now governing the late Spanish possessions, and they will find only one continued story of governmental corruption in the administration of provincial affairs. The evil is in-herent in the system itself, and no indignation the gov-ernment may now show over the Cuban revelations will long arrest its working. In process of time the people will become used to the story, and such prac-tices will come to be accepted as a matter of course. And this is not our verdict in the matter at all, but that of history. Under the flag but not under the ConstitutionŠthe phrase expresses an anomalous and evil condition for any people. The flag and the Constitution belong together. 