66 THE .E-1\-IVIER.ICA.N SENTINEL. as he,who labors with his hands. True, cap-ital without labor is useless; but labor with-out capital is inefficient. Ten thousand, la-borers would never dig a canal nor build a railroad, without skill and capital to direct and keep them in orderly activity. It is as impossible, in a growing, civilized State, to make labor independent of capital as to make capital independent of labor. All combina-tions professedly having in view the freedom of the laborer from the calls of capital, are sheer deceptions. There is more coerced ser-vility of laborers in the Knights of Labor, trades unions, etc., than can be found in the republic under the dominion of capital. Thousands of .men are often compelled to leave positions of profit, without any com-plaint against their employers, perhaps to lose their situations altogether, at the caprice of some " supreme head " or "grand master." During the crusade of the misnamed " Workingmen," in San Francisco, a few years since, contracts to the amount of $3,000,000 were canceled because the capitalists were not willing to place their property where it would be subject to the fury of an angry mob, which was threatening destruction to the city. This $3,000,000 ought to have gone into the hands of bona fide laborers, and circulated among the trades-people, who, in many cases, suffered for the want of it. At that time the worst enemy of the workingmen was Denis Kearney, the leader of the rabble, who was making money by duping the credulous with hopes of more than the inexorable laws of trade would afford them for their labor. While he was denouncing the capitalists, and encouraging idleness and discontent, the capitalists were giving remunerative employment to thou-sands, which was a greater benefaction than if they had given their means to the rabble, stopped their public works, and gone to work with their own hands. For surely he who keeps a thousand hands employed is a greater public benefactor than he who only labors with his own two hands. Thus far on the subject of the Nation's com-ment on Henry George. But the ideas pre-sented by the Nation look in another direction and have another application. It truthfully says : "A very ordinary person may stir up class jealousy and hatred, but no man can control the masses when once saturated with that feeling, or tell what horrors they may commit before their passions are satiated, or their power to do evil checked." And it is a fact-that no class jealousies have been so bitter, no persecutions so unrelenting, as those which have been raised and carried on in the name of religion, professedly for the glory of God and for the upbuilding of his cause. And it is not to be disputed that the spirit of bigotry and religious intolerance is abroad in the land. The rapid growth of this National Reform move-ment, is the very strongest proof of this. In the early days of this movement, the States-man ridiculed the fears of the Seventh-day Baptists and the Seventh-day Adventists; it said the Amendment they propose, if carried into effect, would never touch a hair of their heads; and that there was no reason why  these parties should not co-operate with the " Reformers," as they were seeking security for the rights of " all classes." But after a season they grew more confident, —and a prominent speaker in their National Conven-tion said that the Seventh-day Baptists were to be classed with atheists ! only to be " toler-ated" while they did not:  conflict with "my faith." If this is not the spirit of Popery, we do not know where it shall be found. Let the reader turn again to the April num-ber of the SENTINEL, to the speech of Senator Crockett, of Arkansas, and consider what Sev-enth-day Baptists and others had to suffer in that State, for keeping the seventh-day Sabbath, just as the commandment reads. It is useless to say that they were being punished for working on the first day of the week, for there were many citizens working on that day; but the officers, instigated by professed Christians, RE-FUSED to entertain charges against any but those who had kept the seventh day ! Read Senator Crockett's speech for the facts, and consider that similar scenes have been enacted in other States, and that in all cases prominent members of the churches have opposed such changes in the laws as would make such religious perse-cutions impossible ! Now mark the consist-ency and liberality of the National Reformers; not a single one of their papers, nor any paper in sympathy with them, nor any officer of tUir association, as far as we have been able to learn, has spoken a word in condemnation of these persecutions. No; they well under-stand, and ardently desire, that what has been done in a few States shall be done in all the land, under the authority of Congress, against dissenters from "the characteristic faith of the nation," if they succeed in having their Amendment adopted. As the Nation said, that " the French Revo-lution was inspired by ideas much more mod-erate than those of George," so the horrors of the Inquisition were ushered in by professions and reasons as mild and plausible as those of the National Reformers. When we consider the general diffusion of knowledge, both sec-ular and religious, the recognition of civil and religious rights, at the present time, as com-pared with the time of Loyola, of Justinian, or of Constantine, our National Reformers suffer by comparison with the advocates of " National Christianity" in those days. Well would it be for our country if they would lay to heart the words of the Christian Nation, that "no man can control the masses when once saturated with that feeling " of "class-jealousy,and hatred." The whole bent of the National Reform movement is to lay a solid foundation for " that feeling."- Even now they avow the purpose to render ineligible to office in the Government, and to disfranchise, those not " in the faith "Šthe religious faithŠto be adopted by the Government. They coolly talk of " tolerating" other Christians, earnest and consistent Bible believers, but only on condition that they do not come in conflict with the "established religion ; " tolerate them as they would tolerate " the insane," only as long as they " did not rave " about their own religion, or publicly advance their own con- scious convictions. Surely, perilous times are at hand, when such sentiments grow and spread in the land. We can only contem-plate with horror what scenes of relentless persecution will be seen, what bitterness of fury will be manifested, when the masses once become " saturated with that feeling," when a constitutional provision shall set loose their passions, and clothe the bigoted and prej-udiced with power over their weaker neigh-bors. " God to the weaker pity send " in that day. J. H. W: HS  a A "Virtual Theocracy" Promised. IT has been the aim of the SENTINEL, not only to set forth the principles that underlie the National Reform movement, and the loss of freedom that would follow its success, but also to arouse the people of this country to a sense of the fact that that movement has al-ready acquired alarmingly large proportions. To this end we have repeatedly stated that the movement is by no means confined to the body of men called the National Reform Association. The Prohibition party and the Women's Christian Temperance Union are fully committed to the movement, and these are endeavoring, with good prospects of suc-cess, to beguile the Knights of Labor into the movement. It is through the combined action of these various societies, as societies, and of the 'Protestant and Catholic Churches, as representing the Christianity of America (not of Christ, be it understood), that National Reform ideas will be made realities in this country. That National Reform ideas will prevail when these classes unite their forces, is too evident to call for proof. The Women's Christian Temperance Union and the National Reform Association have been wedded, so that the aims of one party may be said to be the aims of the other. What the ultimate aim of both is, is incident-ally revealed in the following, which is part of the last paragraph of an article by Miss Willard, in the Chicago Advance of June 30 :Š " We of this matchless epoch are preparing material for future orators, who, as they des-cant upon 'the wonder that shall be,' will point to these days of the saloon, the prize-fight, the trampled Sabbath, the grinding monopoly, the disfranchised womanhood, as a period of semi-barbarism from which they thank God for deliverance into the New Re-public- with its virtual theocracy and univer-sal brotherhood in Christ." Miss Willard is the spokesman of the Wom-an's Christian Temperance Union, so that the above may safely be taken as setting forth the aim of that association. Her statement is identical with that of the National Reform-ers themselves, who talk of the republic with Christ as its king. She confidently expects " a virtual theocracy " when these various " reform " associations and parties become con-solidated, which she predicts will be in '92 or '96. Now " a. virtual theocracy " is nothing more nor less than a union of Church and State, with some other name, and with the church element the controlling power in the union. National Reform evasions cannot conceal this. 