THE SENTINEL. OF LIBERTY. 6ea In this strain the Outlook proceeded at considera- But note the significance of the Outlook's reply in ble length. the light of the work of the National 'Reform party Notice how the Outlook, in this reply, evades the and its'wallies. Civil government, says the Outlook,. question put by its correspondent. He, inquires must rest not upon the basis of the consent- of the-upon whorn. or what the editor of the Outlook be- governed, but upon the basis of the law of God. It lieves governments " justly rest." The Outlook re- says also in the same connection plies by defining the basis of " just government." " History abundantly confirms De Tocqueville's.  The difference between the two is the difference be- sentiment, and disposes of the sentiment borrowed tween recognizing and ignoring the rights of the from Rousseau, that just governments rest upon the people. Justly, civil government must be by the consent of the governed. * * This relic of an ex-consent of the governed, because the, people have ploded philosophy is no better worthy of our rever-individually a natural right to do as they please, save ence because it is found' inserted in a parenthesis in  that one must not infringe the rights of another; the Declaration of Independence. An age which  refuses to regard the Bible as a final and infallible au-and civil government is ,bound to recognize this thority will not consent to regard incidental phrases.  tight. But if civil government does this it by no in the Declaration of Independence as final and in means follows that " just government " will be the fallible. Just government rests -on conformity with result. It will be just in the sense of allowing civil the laws of God." (Italics ours.) and religious freedom; but in the broad, true sense of righteous, ideal government it will be as far from So then, in defense of the policy of foreign con- being just as the people are from being righteous. questŠof government without the consent of the The only perfect government must be, of course, governedŠthe Outlook now boldly states just what the National Reform party have all along declared, and government which rests upon the only perfect law, which is the law of God; and this is "just govern- takes its position squarely with them in opposition, Out- to the system 'of government set up in the American. mint" in the broad, unqualified sense. So the Out- look can say truthfully enough that just government Constitution. This must indeed gladden the hearts of the Na--rests upon the law of God."' No one can say that tional -Reformers ; they must rejoice exceedingly to government which rests upon the law of God is not see the American people thus ready to concede all just government. But at the same time it would be altogether unjust for men to attempt to institute civil that the National Reform movemont has been con-government upon the basis of that law. God alone-  tending for during the years'it has been in progress, can set up a government upon the basis of his law, Što see the American Government thus being  and he will, do that when he shall have finished the shifted from the basis of the Constitution, which  they have denounced, as "godless," to the basis of work of gathering out from the world a people per- the Bible and the law of God'  humanly interpreted,. feet in characterŠa truly " righteous nation "Što where they have all along'wanted it. But it marks. live under that government. That will be the ideal government, which is altogether impracticable in the end of civil and religious freedom, and the corn- this far-from-ideal world. There can be no govern- plete downfall of the rights of the people. ment of the people upon the basis of the law of God Such is the situation that exists in these United while the people themselves do not conform to the States to-day. s, lalV of God; Here, the people have a right not to conform to the law of God, and it is by the will of ACCORDING to Pearsoh's Magazine, the conversion God that they have that right. God gives every of one native Chinese costs about $450. Fifty years: person the right to do wrong ; for without freedom of missionary work on the part of the Protestant to do wrong there could be no development of char- churches has resulted in the conversion of about acter: So it is the will of God that civil govern- 6o,000, Chinese, at an annual outlay of $2,000,000, ment should ,protect all in the exercise of their nat- necessary to maintain the thousand missionaries so ural, rights ; and civil- governments " justly" rest employed. The Roman Catholics lay claim to upon the basis of the consent of the governed. This nearly 200,000 converts, but this number.seems is as true in a Mohammedan or in any pagan country trifle large. This preponderance of Catholics is, due , as in the United States: to a treaty negotiated by the French government by- 