 44 AMERICAN SENTINEL.      if such miracles happened now-a-days, we might see just such astonishing changes." "But just such miracles do happen, Cecil. Look at my own case. I was a skeptic. I thought Christ a myth' and religion a delusion. I attended divine service simply to find fault and criticise. The very people who brought the truth to me I once thought the worst of fanatics. Yes, I even thought them a menace to society, and foes to good government." "Well, how were you converted?" "By the word of Christ,Šthe way Paul himself was converted." "Why, did you see a great light at noonday, and hear a divine voice?" "I did not see a literal light, nor hear a voice in my ears; but my mental darkness was as great as the dark-ness of midnight, and the light th tt came to my soul as bright as that of noonday. Truly, Cecil, with me the change was as marked as with Paul; for the things I once loved I hate, and the things I once hated I love. The people I had despised I cherish, and I have the evidence that I have passed from death unto life." "I've heard of people receiving the evidence. What is it?" "It is the word of God fulfilled in your heart. We know that we have passed from death unto life, because we love the brethren. This is given as an evidence of salvation. The natural heart is full of enmity toward the true follower of Christ, even as it is full of enmity to-ward God and his law." "But who are the brethren, Aleck? All the sects of Christendom?" "The Word says, 'By this we know we love the chil-dren of God, when we love God, and keep his command-ments.'" "But, Aleck, do not the commandments require you to love all men, to love your neighbor as yourself?" "Certainly." "Well, that is way beyond my comprehension. It is certainly impossible for me to love my neighbor as my-self, or to love some of my neighbors in any degree what-ever." "`He that loveth not, knoweth not God; for God is love.' Dear Cecil, open your heart to God's sweet Spirit, and you will find your comprehension broadened so that you will comprehend this hard saying. Where God is, love is. This is the divine proof that we are changed in heart. 'He that loveth is born of God, and knoweth God.' Look at Paul. He hated the Christians because their lives were directed by the principle of divine depend-ence, which he in his self-strength could not tolerate. But when he gave himself to God, did he hate the Jews who still believed in the principle he had renounced? Did he hate the self-strong because he had come to love the love-strong?" "NŠno," said Cecil, slowly. "0 no," reiterated Aleck. "God's love makes a man a universal lover. The only thing a Christian can afford to hate is that which God hates,Šthat is, sin. The sin-ner claims his cmpassion, his love. Paul could but love his enemies because he was God-strengthened." "I should think he would have known how to pity them, as he himself was so lately a persecutor." "Let us follow him on his journey toward Jerusalem. I can imagine how his heart rejoiced in the reality of divine love and guidance, and in his hope that the Jews would be convinced by the proof and experience he had to bring them. He would prove to the Jewish leaders the verity of Christ, and lead them to trust where they had betrayed and murdered. Poor Paul! What kind of a reception did he receive? Read Acts 9:26." "'And when he was come to Jerusalem he assayed to join himself to the disciples: but they were afraid of him, and believed not that he was a disciple.' I wonder why the disciples had not been told of his conversion, as Ananias had been informed." "Because there was a better way, Cecil, and one that would work more good to Paul and his brethren. He had a friend among the believersŠone who was convinced of his sincerity, and whose confidence in Paul begot con-fidence for him in the hearts of his brethren." "Well, it was no wonder they did not believe in him, Aleck. Just think what a persecutor Paul had been." "Yes, Cecil. I think that the disciples of Christ to-day would act in the same suspicious manner were they tested in the same way." "0 well, Aleck. Nobody persecutes to-day. Where do you find men who hale heretics to prison to-day?" "Not so far away, Cecil. I have known of a score or more of men who have gone to prison for conscience' sake. They have been spied out, hunted down, and haled to prison in this very age and generation by it may be as sincere and deceived religious zealots as was Saul him-self." "You don't say, Aleck. Such an experience as this goes a long way toward convincing me that there is something in the religion of Christ. Tell me about these persecutions." "I will, Cecil, when the time comes. For to-day let us close our talk with this thought: If we find ourselves zealous in spying out, in hunting down, and punishing men and women who do not believe as we do, and whose practice is out of harmony with ours, we may conclude that we are of the old persecuting tribe of the Phari-sees." "Oh, well, Aleck, there are any number of large-hearted, great-brained people in the world, who are true to republican principles, and who would put in a violent protest against intolerance." "No doubt of it, Aleck, and those who would, are not far from the kindom of God. But, Cecil, the day is com-ing when we shall not find men simply neutral. Those who oppose intolerance will have to feel its power. The only tolerant people will be those who love God and who, 