46 VOL. 10. No. 6. Are Sunday Laws Religious? THE pendulum of public opinion which swung over our fair land, bringing  us the glorious charter of our liberty, that immortal document, the Declaration of Independence, and our peerless Constitu-tion, has already begun to swing backward to the Dark Ages, as is evidenced by the clamor of the clergy and of the church for Sunday laws and the enforcing of such laws where. they do exist; and the courts, under the pressure of a real or supposed public opinion, declaring such laws con-stitutional, although they give one class of religionists an advantage over others, as stated in the decision of Judge Ham-mond in the celebrated King case. In this article I do not pose as the advo-cate or champion of my rights, or my re-ligion, but to plead for equal rights of all men of every nation, color, and creed. Are Sunday laws religious ? I an-swer emphatically, Yes, from first to last. Sunday is a religious day. It is so held by the majority of Christians and observed as such. They call it the Lord's day. Laws, enforcing a religious institution must be religious laws. Hence, Sunday laws are religious. Sunday is one of the days of the week. The week is not a natural division of time. There is nothing in nature to reveal or suggest it, or make it discoverable to the human mind. Hence it could not origin-ate in the human mind, but must come to it by revelation from its Author. The Bible reveals the origin of the week, and the weekly cycle stands as an enduring and unshaken monument of the Creator's work and rest, as recorded in Genesis 1 and 2, before the fall of man,, before he needed physical rest. Man's labors were to cease that he might worship, not rest from weariness or work or toil. Nature knows no Sabbath, and hence can reveal none. Rest is not based on the physical con-stitution of the animal, vegetable or min-eral kingdoms. It is solely and essentially religious in character, was instituted for worship, and the remembrance of God. It was made by the Creator for man and adapted to his religious nature; a time set apart for the cultivation and exercise of his spiritual nature. Hence rest was en-joined that he might be free for devo-tion and worship. Therefore, laws en-forcing a weekly day of rest, grow out of, and are baspd on the religious char-acter of the institution. Hence arises the serious question: What right has the State to enforce idleness upon the physical man, when it can furnish no employment or exercise for man's spirit-ual nature. The man who observes the weekly day of rest on religious grounds in obedience to the divine law, is furnished by its Author with employment and exer-cises adapted to the character of the day, and the needs of his spiritual nature. But when the State enforces rest from secular labor, and prohibits innocent amusements, it leaves the irreligious man without hon-est employment, and thus would foster vice and crime which are almost sure to follow in the wake of idleness. Sunday laws are urged most zealously and persistently by church people and clergymen. This is a signal fact. Why? Because they regard Sunday as a sacred day and wish to secure it from desecra-tion. Some have changed tactics. Does change of name or title change the nature of the  institution? Does calling Sunday the civil Sabbath take away its religious character? Is it not religious still? They aim to divert attention from the religious character of the day and the legislation they ask for it, by calling it the Civil Sabbath, the American Sabbath, the Weekly Independence Day, etc. All of a sudden they have become very patriotic. The nation will go to ruin unless Sunday is preserved as a day of rest and worship. If Sunday is the Christian Sabbath or the Lord's day, as they claim it is, why do they not appeal to the Lord to protect and preserve it, instead of appealing to the State? Do they have more faith in the power of the State than they have in the power of God? Our beloved country, with its free Constitution as our fathers framed it, without an established religion, with a complete separation of Church and State, stood forth as the prodigy of the nations; the freest, the richest, the grandest, the best. The Declaration of Independence de-clares that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, and this was a basic principle in our great Republic. This grand principle is now denied by a powerful church element, and the claim is set forth that the power is de-rived from God; hence the rulers must enforce the law of God; and thus a great American hierarchy is established on pre-cisely the same theory which gave rise to the papacy with its Holy Inquisition and its horrible cruelties. The people were no worse then than now. When religion-ists have the power they will use it, whether they be Jews or Pagans, Protes-tant or Catholic, whether it be in the 9th or 19th century. For those who seek power will use it every time, and when they govern and rule for God, the enemies of God, the heretics, those who differ from them in faith, have to suffer under the grinding despotism of a gigantic religious monopoly or " Sacred Trust." ( Lincoln). Beware of the danger that lurks in this movement for the enactment and enforce-ment of Sunday laws. Sunday-law advocates manifest a great interest and sympathy for the working-man. They set forth his sad condition. in touching language; they talk of Sunday slavery under the pressure of grinding monopoly and soulless corporations. You would think to hear them talk that they had real love and sympathy for tne labor-ing classes. But it is not so; their love is for Sunday. They expatiate on the evils of intemperance and their hostility to the Sunday saloon, but it is not so much be-cause they hate the liquor traffic, as because they love Sunday. When there is no law enforcing a day of rest, all are free to work or rest as they choose. Does one man's work hinder another man's rest? Our yearly Independ-ence Day is one of privilege; we celebrate, we recreate, we rest or we work, as we choose, and no one is disturbed or shocked; and why? Because it is not a religious day, and there is no law to enforce-  its ob-servance; hence it is a day of privilege for all as every truly American institution will be. Sunday will be a day of privilege when all classes of citizens, whether Chris-tian or infidel, can labor or worship, rest or recreate, as they may choose, without a law compelling its observance in accord-ance with the demands of a class of relig-ionists in deference to their religious prin-ciples. Why do labor and amusements on that  day disturb .and shock the sensibilities of a certain class? Because of the religious idea which they attach to the day. Hence laws enforcing rest and prohibiting secu-lar labor and amusements, are laws in the interest of religion in response to the clamors of a religious class; therefore re-ligious laws. Without Sunday laws, the observers of Sunday are just as free to rest or worship on Sunday as the observers of Saturday are to rest and worship on Saturday without Saturday laws. Why should not all religions, why should not all classes, be satisfied with absolute free-dom and equality in the matters of rest and worship? When Sunday laws are passed and enforced at the clamor of Sunday-keepers, they have a " corner " in the religious market, and those not in the combine, who do not form a part of their "Sacred Trust," must suffer the conse-quences in fines, imprisonments and chain-gangs,as illustrated in Arkansas, Tennes-see, eorgia and Maryland. Why should the non,Christians and the observers of the seventh day pay tribute to the relig-ions of another class? How would the Sunday-law advocates regard a law enforc-ing rest on Saturday? With holy horror they would exclaim, " Religious persecu-tion !" And yet they profess to, be the fol-lowers of Him who taught "all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." But some generously propose to grant exemption from the operation of their Sunday laws to those who religiously ob-serve some other day. Indeed, to exempt a religious class from the operations of a law, stamps it as a religibus law and is a tacit admission that without such an ex-emption clause, it would be unjust and op-pressive to that class. And further, if the State has a right to exempt a religious sect from the operation of a law, it has a right to repeal such exemption. Then it is argued that the laboring man needs weekly rest for his health as a sani-tary measure; and hence a Sunday rest law is needed. Can he not rest when he needs rest without forcing him to do it by a church hierarchy or. a paternal govern-ment? Is not daily rest as essential to the health and as important as a sanitary measure as weekly rest for the wager? Yes, indeed, far more essential and impor-tant. Then why do not the Sunday-law advocates clamor as vehemently for a law enforcing daily rest? Oh, simply because they are not interested in sanitary meas-ures and the protection of the health of the poor working man, except as such measures harmonize beautifully with their religious faith and practice. Wonderful coincidence! I wonder if it has any sig-nificance. The real ground or basis of Sabbath laws is religion ; they may clothe them in secular dress, and give them civil titles, to deceive the unwary and quiet the fears of the people, but they are religious still, and would never have been thought of or clamored for if Sunday was not regarded as a sacred day. This conclusion is clear, logical and absolutely necessary when the facts are duly considered. Sunday laws prohibit secular work and civil things. Is it possible to class honest labor and innocent amusements with mur-der and theft and adultery, as crimes against man and breaches of civility? Absurd! If they are crimes on Sunday, why are they not crimes on Monday? Why is labor adjudged wrong on Sunday? Simply because of the religious character 