216 AMERICAN SENTINEL. News, Notes, and Comment. A DISTINGUISHED prelate recently lectured in a neigh-boring city on the Cretan difficulty. Needless to say, he handled his subject altogether from a sectarian stand_ point. Among other things it is reported that he dwelt with eloquent and impressive emphasis on the story of "the famous banner carried by the Bishop of Pelos, which-led the Greeks to' victory in 1821, and which is now being carried by the noble army of Christians who are advanc-ing on Thessaly against Turkey." It is added that "a picture of the banner, with its Greek inscription created an outburst of enthusiasm." This makes very interest-ing reading in the nineteenth century of "Christian" civ-ilization. When we bear in mind that the purpose of the "advance" made by this "noble army" was to despoil a neighboring country of its territory, and that the "noble army" counts on accomplishing its aim not by square fighting or its own valor, but through extorting support from some stronger power than its own government as the result of international jealousies which its action will arouseŠwhen we remember that such conduct, prompted by such motives, is undertaken in the name of Christian-ity, we may well wonder what the inscription may be which appears on that "famous banner," and "aroused enthusiasm" in a Christian assembly. Is IT, perchance: " Whatsoever ye will that men should do unto you; do ye also unto them "? Is it "Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you"? Or, "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself "? Or, "The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance"?  Or, "Be ye kind one to another, tender-hearted, forgiv-ing one another " ? Or is it possible that the "famous banner" that once led the Greeks to victory and was borne by a "Christian" bishop and is now again in the field had upon it another inscription; and was the en-thusiasm of the lecturer's audience aroused by reading the Greek equivalent of these English words: "Put'up again thy sword into his place; for all they that take the sword shall perish by the sword"? WELL, well! Since the pagan Constantine " con-formed," and the "Christian" clergy "went into politics," the same old story has been told over and over again, as this learned lecturer told it. In buildings called "churches," built and kept by the State, men called:  "clergymen," employed and paid by the State as adjuncts of its police, have, from time to time, as their superiors commanded, blessed banners that were to be carried at the head of regiments, in order to subserve the same pur-pose for which soldiers are sometimes given infusions of gunpowder and tobacco in whiskyŠnamely, to excite them to a nervous frenzy, so as to make them at once indifferent to their own safety, and ravenous for the life- blood of their antagonists. The first "famous banner" of this sort to be upraised in the name of Christianity was made and sent upon its wicked mission by this same,  pagan; Constantine, after he and the bishops of his time had consummated the first union of the State with the "Christian" Church. It was called "the labarum." It is upon record that Constantine's soldiers fought harder, killed and wounded more men, and attacked with more recklessness after they got that banner than they did before; and thus was the Prince' of Peace obeyed and served by the National Church militant, even as he is to-day. AND, so, if war eventuate between Greece and Turkey, and the news shall be wired to Athens that the Turks have sustained a great defeat, and thousands of them have been killed, and thousands more of them cruelly maimed for life, the Greek churches will be thrown open, and the priests therein will sing "Te Deum"s in their joy. Te Deum,la,udamus for battle and murder and sud-den, death! Te Deum, laudamus for desolated fields, de-stroyed cities, ruined homes, and robbery, rape and rap-ine ! Te Deum, laudamus for slaughtered and mutilated men, for widowed and outraged women, for orphaned children, wandering far and wide ! THE Greeks ought to have a "National Christian Hymn" 'to supplement the work of their National Chris-tian Banner, in the spreading of Christianity and the gospel among those unbelieving Turks. The poem from which the following stanzas are taken would fill the bill admirably. It was written years ago and dedicated to to '" the war clergy" of another country far away from theirs " 0 God of battles! Once again, With banner, trump and drum, And garments in Thy wine-press dyed, To give thee thanks we come ! Teach ns to hate, and so to fight, To rob, to maim, to slay, And when the last red drop is shed, We'll kneel againŠand pray!" A VACANCY has occurred in the Canadian Parliament, and in due course a "writ" was issued to authorize a new election, in order that it might be filled. A dispatch informs us that the government has been requested to withdraw the writ and inform the Parliament that this action has been taken because a free election is impossi-ble in the city of Quebec, which is a part of the district or province at present without a representative. The reason given for this request and statement is that the Roman Catholic bishop of that diocese, Monsignor Lafieche, is, likely to exceed his colleague, Bishop Blais; of Bonaventure, in the exercise of his spiritual influence over the voters. It is a little difficult to understand how this could be done, even with the utmost zeal on the part of the good bishop first named. In these days the Inqui- 