ERICAN SENT1N ""IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. Vol.. 12, No. 48. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 9, 1897. Single copy 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. r Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it rcutey know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-othce.) CONSCIENCE is made to direct man, and not man to direct conscience. .,.-....Š "IF the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." You will be free seven days in the week. WHEN the church allies herself with an earthly power, she demonstrates that as a church she is fatally weak. Ho-4-444  HUMAN law cannot be "based upon.' God's law, un-less it can be that human law rises higher than the divine law. - THE principalrthing that is learned by the children from the religion that is taught in the public schools, is irreverence. WHEN the church sets out to reform the world, the usual result is that the world reforms the church. Not the world, but individuals, are to be reformed. Iv this be a Christian nation, why is not citizenship in this country synonymous with Christianity? and why may one not depend upon such citizenship for sal-vation? To say that a thing which is proper and right on one day of the week can be a crime because done on some other day, is to say that there is no distinction between crime and sin. HUMAN government and divine government are two vastly different things, both in nature and purpose; and it is a great mistake to look upon the former as supply-ing the place, in this world, Of the latter. ,111. HUMAN government demands the prompt execution of legal penalties upon the transgressor of the law. God's government names death as the penalty for every viola-tion of law. God's government provides mercy for every offender; human government demand's only justice with-out mercy. Without mercy for all transgressors, God's government would fail; and with mercy for all trans-gressors, human government would not survive a day. The Letter Killeth. "THE letter killeth, but the Spirit giveth life.'' 2 Cor. 3:6. This is a plain statement of the inspired Word, and ought to be believed by every Christian, at least. And that it is a fact, and one which is capable of practical illustration in human affairs, can, we think, be demonstrated to all candid people, whether Christians or not. It is just the danger that we shall have a practical illustration of it in this government, that now demands the attention of every American citizen. What letter is it that killeth? The verse in which the words occur says that it is the letter of the New Testa-ment, and there is also a Spirit; and it is said that the "Spirit giveth life." The apostle in this chapter of his epistle to the Cor-inthians speaks of the ministration of the letter, and the ministration of the Spirit, and says (verse 6) that Christians had not been made ministers of the letter, but of the Spirit. In the following verse he speaks of the "ministration of death"---the ministration of the letter, which "killeth" Šas being that which was "written and engraven in 