AMERICAN SENTINEL. 153 urday, not Sunday" ! This must be on the principle that by turning back the hands of the clock which tells the assembled legislators the time of day, Congress can pro-long the last hours of an expiring session without going beyond the day fixed for its close. As a matter of fact, Sunday sessions of one or the other houses of Congress are of comparatively frequent occurrence, the last instance of this being the session of the Senate on Sunday, Feb-ruary 28. 10-4,- AO- -4 National Christianity. BY M. E. KELLOGG. THERE seems to be something very fascinating to some people in the name of "Christian nation." They regard it as a kind of panacea, a cure-all, for the ills that na-tions are heir to. They seem surely to forget that if a nation is not Christian, calling it so will not make it so ; and if it is truly a Christian nation. it does not need to be called so. As we scan the pages of history, we are startled by the fact continually forced upon us, that the greatest governmental and national acts of wickedness in many nations were coincident with the time when they posed as Christian nations. The massacre on St. Bartholomew's Day, in France, and the expelling of the Huguenots from the same country, were national acts of the French na-tion, and they were perpetrated at a time when the peo-ple of France had come to believe that it was a Christian nation. Furthermore, an act of the Pope, head of the Catholic Church, which church at that time was almost the only representative of Christianity, popularly so con-sidered, sanctioned the atrocious national crime of the murder of the Huguenots. There was a "Christian nation" perpetrating one of the greatest national crimes ever known; and the head of what was generally considered to be the Christian Church at that time sanctioned the action! Numerous instances of a similar character, where so-called Christian nations have committed the greatest crimes, might be cited. If nations are Christian, their acts must be Christian acts. The exact status of their Christianity is better ex-pressed by their deeds than by anything else. Hence the expelling of the Jews from Spain in a past age, and from Russia in modern times, must be considered as Christian acts. Indeed, they are good illustrations of national Christianity. Take the nations of Europe to-day : they are Chris-tian nationsŠthat is to say, some phase of the Christian religion is united with the State and receives the support of the State. Now, if this profession of religion by the State amounts to anything, if it is a reality, and not a hollow mockery and hypocritical sham, then the organic utterances and acts of these powers, as well as their ruling motives of action, must be of a Christian character. And  that is to say that they must be seeking the good of others rather than their own good. But everyone knows that they act in a way that is directly the reverse of this. Each nation selfishly pur-sues its own way, with little regard to the rights or de-sires of others, unless they are forced to respect these rights. It is the constant study of the statesmen of each nation to advantage that nation; and if, in so doing, some other nation is injured, no sorrow is felt. So strong is this feeling of selfish interest that na-tions will go to war with other nations and commit mur-der by the wholesale, that they may retain some advan-tage, or gain some new one, over another nation. If a nation can commit such acts and be a Christian nation at the time because the decree of a king, an act of Par-liament, or the decision of a court, says it is so, will not some Christian-nation theologian please explain to a layman why a man cannot be a Christian man by simply saying he is such, and keep right on in doing all kinds of wicked and selfish actions? This idea of governmental Christianity which pro-fesses to be what it is not, and which is Christian by merely saying so, sets a tremendous example of evil to the people. For if a nation can be Christian while doing all kinds of wickedness, why can't a man practice the same evils and still he a Christian? Thus a " Christian nation" actually leads the people of the nation to accept the ideal, by which the Christianity of the nation is dragged down to the low plane of profession without possession. A correspondent of the Inter Ocean, writing from the Phillipine Islands, and describing the cruelties practised on the natives by the Spaniards, says : " Spain makes great pretensions as a Christian nation, and yet she in-dulges in cruel practices the most contrary to the merci-ful teachings of Christianity." This statement shows the utter hollowness of the profession of national Chris-tianity. A profession of Christianity by a nation in na-tional capacity is the inevitable prelude to cruel prac-' tices. It has been so in past ages; it will be so in our age and in our country. The fathers of our nation knew this, and hence laid down the principle that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion." To-day we see many thousands of people who hold that these men were mistakenŠthat national Christianity, a national religion by law, is a blessing. They are ready to try again an experiment which has heretofore always led to persecu-tion and to most grievous wrongs perpetrated in the name of the merciful Redeemer. May God enlighten their minds to the evil they would do, before it shall be too late. IT is one thing to say that the Bible, as we have it to-day, contains many passages which are not perfect translations of the original text, and quite another thing to say that the Bible is not infallible. There may be many places where the best words were not used in trans- 