AUGUST 3, 1893. ANIEVIL-LiCA_NT SJ__,I\TOPINIHAII 245 vice " on Sunday, are they not equally as bad on other days ? But oh no ! the same paper which publishes the petition states that some of these ministers attend Wild West shows on other days of the week, and find no evil in them. How does it happen that these things become so evil on Sundays, except it is a religious institution which they wish to have observed, and see no way of having it done except by appealing to the State for its observance ? That this is their object they plainly state: " Therefore we, the undersigned, ministers of the various churches, and citizens of the State of Rhode Island, desiring to prevent the des-ecration of the Lord's day, and to hand it down inviolate to our posterity, do hereby humbly petition the mayor and aldermen of Providence . . . that they will use special and extraordinary measures to pre-vent the repetition of the above specified illegal and vicious practices during the coming season." No further comment is needed to show that this is a religious movement wholly, and for religious pur-poses, and that Protestants, so-called, have united with Catholics or rather gone over to them in asking the State to legislate upon the observance of a day which is wholly a Catholic institution. The ques-tion should arise in every mind : Whither are we drifting ? and to what are we com- ing ? H. J. FARMAN. Chicago Correspondence. The World's Fair Closed on Sunday. ON Sunday, July 23, the World's Fair was closed. This time by the order of the directors; the proper authorities in charge of the Exposition and responsible for its business interests. As business men rep-resenting a business corporation, they have the right, in the interests of their corpo-ration and its stockholders, and according to their best judgment, to close the Fair and refuse to do business on any day of the week that they see fit. The courts have upheld them in their refusal to obey the arbitrary Sunday closing provision of Congress, though on a technical plea of the bad faith of Congress and not upon the proper principle which underlies the matter,Šthat Congress had no right to pass the proviso, and that such legislation on its part was unconstitutional. But nevertheless the directory was absolved, legally, from following the terms of its agreement with Congress as to Sunday closing. Now, of its own choice, it has seen fit to close the gates on Sunday. This it had the right to do as far as any principle of civil liberty in religious things is con-cerned. Neither Congress nor legislators nor courts have any right, nor ever have had any right, to say to any individual or any corporation or the directors of any corporation, that they shall do this or that, or not do this or that, simply and solely because of the religious idea con-tained in Sunday, Christmas, saint's days, or other holy days of the Church. The condition of things, by which the directors were brought to the conclusion that it was politic and to their interest to close on Sunday, is one worthy of consid-eration in view of the progress which is to come in the enforcement upon the people of religious forms. The churches and religious organizations throughout the country which have set themselves to the furtherance of the enforcement of Sunday  observance and moral compulsion by law, under the advice of their leaders, dis-claimed any general boycott, but never-theless privately and quietly this boycott has been organized and pushed with en-ergy. It is not apparent, and may never be, that by it they succeeded in reducing the general attendance upon the Fair dur-ing week days, but it is quite certain that the influence brought to bear reduced quite materially, the Sunday attendance; and not only of those who had respect for Sun-day and belonged to the church-going community who might nevertheless feel themselves perfectly justifiable in attend-ance upon the Fair during a portion of the day, Sunday, but the general crowd which never go to church at all, but spend their Sundays in one form or another of amusement, recreation, or jollification, have evidently felt that it was particu-larly and peculiarly disreputable to attend the World's Fair on Sunday and so have, instead, gone with their beer kegs to the various parks and picnic places and spent their Sundays in reality in a far less rea-sonable and reputable way. But still further than this, a quiet and unseen but very active influence has been brought to bear upon the exhibitors and those having charge of the different State buildings. The Keystone Drill Company of Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania, having among its officers and directors a number of prominent National Reformers and members of the American Sabbath Union, took the lead in an aggressive action to secure a general covering of the individual exhibits on Sunday, and also threatened a suit on the behalf of the exhibitors themselves for the purpose of closing the World's Fair on Sunday. They claimed that they looked upon the matter from a business standpoint, and this business standpoint from which they looked Upon the matter they were in a large measure responsible for themselves: they therefore knew well what they were talking about. They had assisted and made it the busi-ness of their lives for years to create as great a prejudice against the Fair as pos-sible if it opened on Sunday, and to secure a boycott against it under such circum-stances. The Fair then being opened on Sunday, they claimed very naturally, that the very people they wanted to come to the Fair and whom they desired as customers, were staying at home because of the Sunday opening. They themselves covered their exhibits on Sunday and made a systemati-cally organized effort to secure as many as possible who would follow their exam-ple, and boasted that three-fifths of the Exposition was covered from view, and made this as evident as possible by the publication of the names of the exhibitors who closed or covered their exhibits, fill-ing, in one instance, more than a page of one of the large city papers. Of course, the general publication of the fact that so many exhibits were not to be seen, and that the machinery was not running, and the greater number of State buildings with closed doors made the Fair seem to the ordinary sight-seer a very poor in-vestment for his time and money on Sun-day. The closing of the State buildings was also due, in some measure, to the organized effort of these same persons. So it will be seen, that although the directors have done that which they had a perfect right to do, and which it was perfectly proper that they should do, if they saw' fit, they have been, in reality,  coerced into it by the unseen and quiet efforts of those who had sought, pre-viously, to accomplish the same thing by law, and having failed, have accomplished it by influence and boycott. W. H. M. Chicago, July 2.4. Limitations of Government. THE theory which unites government and religion and makes the latter One of the ends to be pursued by the former, if good at all, is equally good for all gov-ernmentsŠfor " the powers that be " in Turkey, Japan, and China, as really as for those of the United States or Eng-land. Apply the theory in China, and it means State power employed to sustain, propagate, and enforce Buddhism and idolatry. Apply it in Turkey, and it means the same power thus employed in the interests of Mohammedanism. It so happens that the world is fruitful in reli-gious systems; and, unless we adopt the doctrine that all these systems are equally true or equally false, the theory as thus applied, would lead to the most opposite results, and entirely confound the distinc-tion betweeen the true and the false. If when applied to Christianity it would promote the truth, it would, with equal certainty, promote the grossest supersti-tion and error when applied to paganism. A change of circumstances often gives one a view of things otherwise not so readily taken. Let us then suppose a Protestant to transfer his residence to China and to become subject to the government of that country. While at home, we will fur-ther suppose, he belonged to the class de-manding that religion shall be included in the educational regime of the public schools, and was horrified at the idea of not having King James' version of the sacred Scriptures read in these schools for religious purposes. How does he reason when the principle comes to be applied to him in China ? The Chinese Emperor agrees with him in his principle, and proposes to tax him, not to support and teach Protestant Christianity, but the religion of China, which he regards as an abominable idolatry. This would probably open his eyes to the nature of his own doc-trine. Yet, if it is the right of one govern-ment to enter the province of things spirit-ual, and tax the people to support and propagate religion, then it is the right of all governments to do so. The principle, if valid at all, is just as valid for paganism as it is for Christianity, for idolatry as it is for the purest worship, for the most superstitious form of Roman Catholicism as it is for the most enlight-ened Protestantism. No Protestant would ask for its application in any other than a Protestant country ; and this is a good reason why he should not ask for it there. If is not good in China or Catholic Spain, it is no better in the United States or England. The principle is the same, no matter to what religion it is applied, or whether pagans or Christians, Catholics or Protestants, form the majority of the people. It is the principle of State reli-gion, good everywhere or good nowhere. If Protestants were in the minority in this country and Catholics in the majority, the former certainly would not advocate a public school system, to be supported by general taxation, in which Catholicism should be taught. The conclusion from this line of thought 