Equal and exact justice to all alert, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas jelerson. VOLUME 5. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 20, 1890. NUMBER 46. he American Sentinel, PUBLISNED WEEKLY, /3Y TEE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISilliNG COMPANY, No. 4g BOND Sr., Nicw :YORK. ' Entered at The New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES.' ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOILMAN; ,- W. H. Mc BEE. OUR public schools are secular, and must ever remain so if religious freedom is to abide. Let the churcheS look to the matter of religious education; we Presby-terians will do our part to it, and we ask no subsidy. Let. the fathers and mothers do their part; "an ounce of mother is worth a pound of priest." And let the State attend to its own business in the non-sectarian education of the children of the'land.---Rev. Dr. Burrell. A OHinwil known to be the slave of the State would not have much 'influence with the mass of the people in restraining an-archy and making them good citizens, and politicians would ever be tempted to turn aside the Church from its proper spiritual work. The heresy, for it is a heresy, of making the Church subservient to the State, is called Erastianism because incul-cated by Erastus, a learned physician in Heidelberg toward the end of the sixteenth century, who claimed for the civil magis-trate the power of exercising discipline and of etcommunication in the Church.ŠJames llfcCosh, D.D., LL.D., Princton, New Jersey. THE 'Czar of Russia, in the exercise of pis. paternal sovereignty, has ordered the Protestant missionaries to leave Russia, to cease proselyting. He has also ordered all Jews to leave his dominions, and the order is being carried out with great se-verity. In the Baltic provinces he is crushing out Lutheranism and the Ger-man language. It is evident that the  paternal ruler has taken his cue from the dethroned Pope, who secured uniformity of religion and language by the same tyrannical, oppressive means. By the way, the Czar is, head of the Greek Church. This is another fact that illus-trates the folly, or, more properly, the crime of uniting Church and State. Pol-itics and religion, when mixed in a ruler, bring misery and poverty to the people. ŠLoyal American. Is It Unsectarian? PRESIDENT WESTBROOK'S call for the Congress of the American Secular Union, recently held at Portsmouth, Ohio, con- tained the following statement, which we wish to examine a little in the light of the Congress itself, and of the official utter- ances Łmade there :Š The American Secular Union is strictly unsecta-rian and non-partisan in both religion and politics. It is not, either publicly or privately, committed to the advancement of any system of religious belief or disbelief, but heartily welcomes all persons, of whatever faith, to its membership, on the basis of " no union of Church and State." The word " sea ular" is here used in the broadest sense, as applied to the State, and not to any system of religious phi-losophy. The object of the Union is thus stated, , by Mr. Westbrook, in the same call:Š Its object is to secure the total separation of Church and State, in fact and in form, to the end that equal rights in religion, genuine morality in politics, and freedom; virtue, and brotherhood be established, protected, and perpetuated. With this we have no fault to find. On the contrary we hold that this is a worthy object. We fear, however, that instead of being the object it is only an object, and possibly a secondary object at that. In giving an account of the opening of the Portsmouth Congress, the Truth Seeker says :Š The hail was filled to hear J. L. Treuthart wel-come his fellow - Freethinkers. The Portsmouth Union, he said, welcomed the Congress as a child receives a visit of a parent. There was also a large public sentiment favoring the objects of the Union. He also welcomed the Union on behalf of the school children who were entitled to know that facts never  contradict truth. For two thousand years the as-tronomers had been making almanacs, and calcu-lating eclipses and other movements of the heavenly bodies. What would become of astronomy, he asked, if some Joshua could take hold of the spokes of the wheel of time and stop the revolution of the earth ? Now we do not deny Mr. Treuthart's right to say just what he pleases about the story of Joshua; but why he should address a " strictly -unsectarian." Congress in that manner does not seem clear. Nor do we understand what it has to do with the separation of Church and State. How- ever, this was unofficial, and we will leave it for something from one of the officers of the Union. In her official address, the Corresponding Secretary, Miss Ida Crad- dock, said :Š At this time the American Secular Union is con-fronted with two distinct lines of policy from which to choose. One is the policy which it has steadily maintained during the past year, of strict non-partisanship in religious matters, and open-handed hospitality to all who believe in total sep Ł oration. of Church and State, whether the applicant for membership be Deist or Atheist, Freethinker or Churchman. The other policy looks further than the mere separation of Church and State. It demands per-petual and unflinching 'hostility to the Christian re-ligion, and an aggressive warfare whose aim is finally to cripple the Church, if not to kill it off entirely. This states that there are two lines of policy, but is non-committal as to which one the Union has adopted; nor does it say which one Miss Craddock herself thinks the better one. The following from the same address, however, supplies the lack, and is a declaration of war on religion.:Š But my great concern is: How shall we reach the young ? How shall we save them from falling into that religious superstition which puts the cross higher than their moral duty as good citizens, and which teaches them to consider what the Church sneeringly calls "mere morality" as of little ac-count in the sight of the Deity whom they worship? . . How shall we fit them to take the vacant places in the Liberal ranks Š places left vacant almost monthly by the death of our gray-haired veterans? That is, " How shall we" (the Secular Unions  of course) " make infidels of the 