360 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. gress to legislate for territories and peoples that then were or that thereafter might be outside of the jurisdic-tion of the Constitution itself. The power of legisla-tion, which subsists in the Congress of the United States, is a derived power, and it is subject to one in-herent limitationŠits powers cannot exceed the pow-ers possessed by the body of authorityŠin this case the ConstitutionŠfrom which its own powers are de-rived. If, upon argument, this proposition might be open to debate, it remains to be said that the Consti-tution has fixed the limit of legislative power. As a declaration of a limitation of legislative power in Con-gress, the provision is superfluous, but its value is now to be appreciated in the enforcement of a manifest truth which otherwise, in these times, might be resisted stubbornly. CONGRESS CAN NOT GO BEYOND CONSTITUTION. "Following the preamble to the Constitution, and standing at the head of all things and of all declara-tions else, are these words : 'All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.' Hence it follows that Con-gress must find authority in the Constitution for each and every of its legislative acts. "In vain will be the search for authority to legislate beyond the jurisdiction of the Constitution. No at-tempt has been made in the Constitution to give such authority, and such authority could not have been giv-en. The limits of legislative powers in Congress have been fixed by the Constitution, and they are fixed, ir-revocably fixed in the nature of things. "As a nation we are to obey the Constitution and to apply these truths. If Porto Rico is of the United States, then its ports are ports of the United States, and its inhabitants are citizens of the United States, and they are endowed already with all the rights and privi-leges of citizenship. If Porto Rico is not of the United States, then the attempt to exercise jurisdiction over the island through the lawmaking power is a gross usurpation abroad and a violation of duty at home, which cannot be defended and which ought not to be tolerated." HEREIN IS USURPATION. Referring to the advocates of imperialism, the speaker said that "through two steps in an argument" they "have deduced an erroneous conclusion from an admitted truth : (i) Our government, in common with other sovereignties, has a right to acquire territory. (2) That right carries with it the right to govern terri-tory so acquired. "From these propositions they deduce the false conclusion that Congress may indulge in a full and free discretion in the government of territories so ac. quired. Herein is the error, and herein is the usurpa-tion. By their acquisition the territories have become a part of the United States. As a part of the United States the Constitution extends to them, and the privi-leges and guarantees of the Constitution are their pos-session, as they are the possession of the pre-existing states and territories. In these features of our system of government is the security that this nation cannot at the same time play the part of empire and of re-public. "We have the right to acquire territory, and we have the right to govern all territory acquired ; but we must govern it under the Constitution, and in the exercise of those powers, and those only, which have been conferred upon Congress by the Constitution. Any attempt further is a criminal usurpation. A CLAIM TO UNLIMITED POWER. "The claim that Congress may extend the Constitu-tion to the new territories is only a restatement of the claim that the Constitution does not apply of its own force to our newly acquired possessions, and that the power of Congress over such possessions is an un-limited power. "Congress is to obey the Constitution. It has no power to increase or to diminish the scope of that in-strument. "Whenever a territory is acquired, either by pur-chase or conquest, the Constitution becomes immedi-ately and by its own force the fundamental law of such acquired territory, or it must remain forever outside the Constitution, and consequently outside of the juris-diction of Congress, inasmuch as Congress cannot leg-islate beyond the jurisdiction of the Constitution, the source, and the sole source, of its legislative authority. The inquiry thus made leads to these conclusions, namely : "i. Whenever territory is acquired, whether by conquest or purchase, such territory becomes subject to the Constitution, and that without the aid or agency of any branch or department of the government of the United States. "2. The power of legislation by Congress over _such territory is fixed and limited by the Constitution. "3. That power is so limited that the 'duties, im-posts and excises' must be the same in the newly ac-quired possessions as they may then be in pre-existing states and territories at the same periods of time. "4. The claim that Congress may govern territo-ries and provinces that are not within the jurisdiction of the Constitution, or that Congress may extend the Constitution over Porto Rico, or the Philippines, or Japan, is an assumption of arbitrary power that must prove fatal to our republican system. These conclu-sions are in harmony with the decisions of the supreme court of the United States, with the opinion of Chan-cellor Kent, with the decision after argument of an international tribunal, in which the United States was a party, and in harmony with the opinion given re-cently by Judge Lochren." JUSTIFICATION OF IMPERIALISM CONSIDERED. "I am now to consider some of the pretexts that are tendered in justification of the policy of imperial-ism," says Governor Boutwell. "If we pass by Shakespeare, Milton and Pope, our own poet, Oliver Wendell Holmes, may. be  classed among the leading philosophical writers of the modern era, in whatever relates to the passions and weaknesses of mankind. Holmes has named sin among the dis-eases that are catching. America has caught from England the disease of land-grabbing, of thirst for the subjugation of inferior races, all tributary to em-pire building, the crowning sin of dead nations and the peril of struggling nations that yet exist." 