 AMERICAN SENTINEL. 773      business necessity for the running of freight trains on Sunday, nor of passenger trains, nor of street cars, nor for the opening of the Post Office, nor for the publishing of Sunday papers. " We must have a Sabbath rest to provide a stimu-lating and elevating of conscience. In cities without Sabbath rest the public conscience is at a low ebb, and large bodies of policemen and soldiers are required to preserve peace and order. Where the people will worship on Sunday God himself will perform the police duty. "The early, colonists in America had rather severe laws for Sabbath observance, and for church attendance. In one New England colony there was a law fining all people one shilling for absence from the second Sunday service, and if they were absent from both services on Sunday, they were fined one pound; and for being absent a whole month the fine was twenty pounds. If we had a similar law in force to-day we would soon have the coffers of the churches filled. " 0 for a reproduction of the character of the Pilgrim fathers to-day, in every State of the Union." (Then followed the remarkable language with which this report of the Convention is introduced.) Concluding the speaker said : "We must b ave a stern application of God's moral law if we are to preserve our Christian conscience; and the key of this law is the Sabbath day." The closing session of the convention was devoted to a discussion and condemnation of the Sunday news-papers. This was considered to be one of the chief, if not the very chief, of the enemies of Sabbath observance. The Rev. H. H. George said the Sunday newspaper is an insidious foe of the family, the church, and the state, and that it is the imperative duty of Christian citizens to destroy it. " The Sunday paper is strongly influential in decreasing attendance from Sunday wor-ship." He quoted approvingly from several letters written by clergymen of various denominations denounc-ing the Sunday paper as an abomination, and expressing the sentiment that "we must refuse to buy any paper during the week that publishes a Sunday edition." Also "we should refuse to trade with people who advertise in Sunday papers." "The question before us," said Dr. George, "is, Are we to have in this country a Christian Sabbath or a continental Sunday? There are ten million evangelical Christians in this country, and 25,000,000 people who are church adherents. These will all vote for the Chris-tian Sabbath. On the other side are atheists, skeptics, socialists, anarchists, and law-breakers generally, and among these we must class the Sunday newspaper. "The Sunday paper runs a plowshare through the essential element of the Sabbath, which is its rest. It is true that employes on many Sunday papers get one day in the week for rest, but getting a day off each week in this way is not Sabbath rest. There is no Sabbath rest for workers on the Sunday newspaper. "It cuts directly through the sacredness of the day. It keeps old and young away from the church. "It is a law-breaker in --a seven fold degree. It vio-lates the expressly written law of the Decalogue. It breaks the law of Christ. It breaks the law of the Apos-tles who met for worship on the eighth day. It breaks the law of the state. "It consistently stands by other Sabbath-breakers, and leads in the direction of endless law-breaking. "We hear it said of the Sunday paper, 'it has come to stay.' The people who say this have no backbone. It hasn't come to stay, I say. When Christian people wake up, the Sunday newspaper and the saloon will go after slavery. "We should refuse to read a paper that publishes a Sunday issue. This is not a boycott. It is only self-defense." Dr. M. B. Kneeland, of the New England Sabbath Protective League, followed Dr. George. He said the Sunday newspaper brings a danger to us from several sides. "First, from the socially-degenerating tone which Sunday journalism represents. "Second, from seven-day labor, which is opposed to the command of God and to the demand for rest in our nature." He affirmed that 200,000 newsboys in the United States would be freed from Sunday toil by the discon-tinuance of the Sunday paper. "Third, it tends to anarchy and to the destruction of national freedom. "Steps should be taken at once to make seven-day journalism impossibleŠimpossible because unpopular, and impossible because unprofitable. It should be made so repugnant that it will be forbidden and con-sidered a crime to advertise in it. "Seven-day journalism in the United States can be suppressed. How can it be done? There must be an uplifting of public opinion, and an awakening of the social conscience." Dr. Kneeland proposed three anti Sunday-journalism pledges: an individual pledge, not to buy or read or cause others to read any Sunday paper; an advertiser's pledge, not to advertise in any paper printing a Sunday edition; and a publisher's pledge not to print or cause or permit to be printed any Sunday newspaper in his establishment. Dr. Kneeland was followed by Anthony Comstock, who opposed the Sunday paper from the standpoint of its immoral and vicious influence. Rev. I. W. Hathaway said that without the sacred Sabbath, private and public morality cannot be main-tained, and that. the Sabbath is swept out of existence by the Sunday paper. He referred to the Sabbath as being placed in the center of the eternal law of God, and therefore an institution that must abide. It is not done away. "You can't punch holes in the Decalogue; it must stand or fall together." Dr. David McAllister, editor of the Christian States-man, said that even the clean Sunday papers, of which 