200 AMERICAN: SENTINEL. AFTER all that has been said about the horrors of Ar-menia and of India, and the profound interest that has been awakened thereby throughout the civilized world, the following words of Senator Gallinger relative to the situ-ation in Cuba, spoken in the U. S. Senate on the 23rd inst., need no apology for coming to the ears of the Amer-ican people. SENATOR GALLINGER had just returned from a trip to Cuba, and spoke from the standpoint of his personal in-vestigations in the island. In his speech he said : "The number of people who have starved in Cuba will never be definitely known. It is estimated,  that 800,000 were driven from their homes into the cities and towns. I had it from Spanish authority that, according to their fig-ures, 225,000 have already perished, but it is said that the Red Cross Society is in possession of figures showing that 425,000 Cubans have died as a result of Spanish cruelty from starvation, and that 200,000 more must inevitably die, making an aggregate of 625,000, or al-most 'twice the population of the District of Columbia or of the State of New Hampshire. Dr. Lesser, an authority on the results of famine, who is on the ground, says that of the 175,000 not taken into account above, at least 5 per cent. of them will die, making a grand total of 634,-000 deaths of men, women, and children as a result of Weyler's inhuman and barbarous decree. It may be that the Government of Spain and the cities of Havana and Mantanzas are doing something to relieve this terrible suffering, but if so I did not see any evidence of it. The hope of the poor remaining sufferers is in this great Gov-ernment, and Heaven be thanked, our people are reach-ing out the hand of sympathy and affectionate interest in the shape of food, medicine, and clothing." * * * FROM carefully-prepared statistics, it appears that during the great civil war in America, 150,000 lives were lost on the Federal side, and 133,000 on the side of the Confederacy. By comparing these figures with those furnished by investigations in Cuba, some idea may be gathered of the awful magnitude of the storm of death and ruin that has been sweeping the island for the past two years, while it was asserted by Spain and recognized as a fact by this Government, that no war existed in Cuba at all! It should be remembered also that compar-atively few of the casualties of our civil war were attended by horrors greater than that of swift death on the field  of battle; and the victims were for the most part brave.,  men, and not women and children. * AND why is all this appalling sacrifice of human life,._ with its attendant flood of suffering and ruin? Oh, it is in order that the government in Cuba may continue to - be Spanish, and not some other government! A weighty -reason, truly, for the killing of hundreds of thousands of - people! Yet it illustrates the principle upon which all'  human governments proceed. Each one of them assumes. the right to perpetuate its own existence, at no matter-what sacrifice of human life and happiness. What then,. is government, that it should be so much more sacred than humanity? Is there anything. indeed, on earth, or more importance than human welfare? * * WOULD not some other government than the Spanish do just as well for the people. of Cuba? The answer given,  by the majority of Americans would be that almost any other government would do better. But no matter what a government maybeŠgood or badŠit always holds it- -self to be most sacred, and counts resistance against it as the highest crime. And if the government is in danŠger, it asks and if necessary requires that the citizens under it should surrender their lives for its defense. * * * ALL Europe is to-day, as it has been for years, an armed camp. Why is this? Is it because all the people Ł- there love to fight with one another?-0h, no; nobody supposes that. A great many of them have such a dislike for it that they are willing to journey thousands of miles to a strange country, where they will not have to spend years of the best part of their lives in military service Is it because the people of one nation are afraid that the people of another nation are bent' on doing them :some injury? or because they contemplate some great misery that would overtake them in case the government were overthrown?ŠNo; the people themselves, in any nation, are not bent upon injuring other people; indeed, the spread of socialism through Europe has developed a bond of sympathy and union between the people of the various nations in opposition to the spirit of war. so  that it has . been a question whether the socialist movement, should it continue to augment, would not be able soon to pre-vent war through the simple refusal of the common peo-pleŠits adherentsŠto fight at the dictation of their rulers. Nor can it be said that in most of the countries of Europe, the people would not be just as well off under another government than the one which now holds their allegiance. There is no reason to doubt that should_ England conquer those countries and set up her own government in the place of those now existing, the people would be better off than they were before; for Anglo-Saxon civilization is the best that the world affords. But should England attempt it, the very people who 