AMERICAN SENTINEL. 36 Then and Now. BY G. S. HONEYWELL. WHEN Peter took the sword to defend his Master, the first and only thing he did was to cut off the high priest's servant's right ear. When Christians take up the sword to-day in defense of their Master's cause, the first and only thing they can or will do is to cut off the High Priest's (Christ, Heb. 6:14) servant's right ear, which is the ear of faith; leaving the church deaf to the things of God : as it is written, "Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him." But it was the work of Christ to restore that important member. "Now, then, we are ambassadors for Christ;" and as such, we should be found "laborers together with God." It Is a Union of Church and State. THE Christian Citizen complains of "unfriendly critics" who "misrepresent" the Christian Citizenship League, "by assuming that Christian citizenship means a union of church and state." Then the Citizen sets up the fol-lowing defense against that charge:Š "Now it ought to be so clear as not to require repeti-tion that a separation of church and state does not sep-arate the individual Christian from the state. Under the old absolute monarchies there was a difference between duties to the state and to God. Then the Christian only had to see that he 'render unto Caesar the things that are Cmsar's, and unto God the things that are God's.' But in a republic like ours the individual is himself a part of the state, and becoming a Christian and a member of the church, which is separate from the state, does not make him any less ,a part of the state." Now, whether we shall be counted an unfriendly critic or not (we think we are friendly), this defense needs to be analyzed. From what we know is in it, it is possible that there may be something there that the Christian Citizen has not seen. First. "A separation of church and state does not separate the individual Christian from the state." And "the individual is himself a part of the state, and becom-ing a Christian and a member of the church, which is sep-arate from the state, does not make him any less a part of the state." The individual is originally a part of the state. He is originally not aChristian, and therefore has no connec-tion, nor any part, with the church, because the church is separate from the state. Originally, then, the individ-ual is wholly of the state alone. But now he chooses to be a Christian. He wants to unite with the church. In other words, he desires to form a union of himself and the church. He "is a part of the state;" and the church "is separate from the state."  Now the problem is, How can he remain "a part of the state" and form a union of himself and the church with-out at the same time and in that very act, so far as it is possible for him to do, forming a union of the church and the state? The Christian Citizen says he can do it, but does not tell how. We say that he cannot do it, and tell how. The church is composed of individuals, and the state is Composed of individuals. The church is composed of individual Christians: the state is composed of individual citizens. The individual citizen is first; he is born to that; he is a "part of the state"Šthere is a union of himself and the state. He chooses to form a union of himself and the church. He does so. The Christian Citizen says that when he does so, he is "not any less a part of the state;" and at the same time insists that the church is separatefrom the state. But in that individual citizen it is not separate from the state. In him the individual citizen and the individual Christian are the same identical person. And as he is still a part of the state, and has now become also a part of the churchŠit follows as certainly as that two and two make four, that in that individual there is a union of church and state. "The church is separate from the state." The indi-vidual citizen is "a part of the state." He forms a union of himself and the church, still remaining "a part of the state." Then it is absolutely settled that in himself there is formed a union of church and state. It is there-fore as impossible for an individual citizen to form a union of himself and the church and still remain a part of the state, without at the same time and in that very thing forming within himself a union of church and state, as it is for two bodies to occupy the same identical space at the same identical time, or for the same individual to be two distinct persons. The great difficulty with this whole National Reform Christian Citizenship people is that they set up outside of and away from individual men a figment that they call the church and another figment that they call the state. Then, as they conceive that these two figments can never be united in what they are doing, so they insist that they as individual men can go on and do all that they choose without forming any union of church and state. But it is in the individual man where the union of church and state is always first formed. No union of church and state was ever formed, or ever occurred, outside of indi-vidual men, until a union of church and state was first formed inside of individual men. And the union of church and state was never formed inside of individual men, in any other way than that which is set forth in this defense of the Christian Citizen. This defense itself is essentially the advocacy of a union of church and, state. Second. "Under the old absolute [obsolete?] mon-archies there was a difference between duties to the state and to God. Then the Christian only had to see that he 'render to Cmsar the things that are Ceesar's, and unto God the things that are God's."' 