4 AMERICAN SENTINEL. That is the question. Who knew that the enemy was quietly stealing a march upon the friends of freedom? Did you, reader, know it? And now that it is known, how do you feel about it? Will it pay to know what is going on in this great contest of the principles of liberty and of despotism? or is it the better way to wait and be confronted suddenly by the issue when you are not pre-pared to meet it? You had not expected the issue to come in this way? Of course not; that is just the point. For you may be sure of this: the issues which you will be called to face in this contest will not come as you expect them to come. You must be prepared for them not as you expect them to come, but as you do not expect them. WHEN the civil law undertakes to suppress immoral-ity, it finds no logical stopping place short of the Inqui-sition. The Vital Question. THE Boulder (Col.) News says that in objecting to the flag salute in the public schools, the SENTINEL has made 'a mountain out of a mole hill. It says that we "totally misapprehend and misinterpret the spirit of the whole matter;" and this statement it explains by saying that the saluteŠ"We give our heads and our hearts to God and our country"Š"was not intended to be taken in a narrow, technical sense, not as a declaration of conversion or religion, but as a general expression of reverence for deity and loyalty to country." Now this salute, consists of a statement so plain and simple that it had not occurred to us that it could be taken in a "narrow, technical sense." When an individ-ual says he gives his heart to God, we take the expression as meaning just what it says, with no thought of any-thing technical about it. How would it do as a defense in a breach of promise suit, to plead that although the defendant did say that he gave his hand and heart to the complainant, this was not meant to be taken in a narrow, technical sense, but only as a general expression of esteem? But aside from this, it should be noted that the real point involved in this matter -is not the question of what was meant, by the originators of this salute. It is not the question of their motives in introducing it into the schools, or of what good they thought it would accom-plish. Doubtless their motives were excellent; we do not question these in the least. Nor is it probable that they themselves saw in it any confession of religious belief; at least, it is quite possible that they did not. But the question is, What did they actually do? What does the flag, salute actually require, and what is its real effect? We are quite ready to believe that the authors of this salute did not know that their gun Was loaded, and did not mean 'to shoot anybody. "I didn't know it was  loaded" is a 'very common excuse; but the question is, What was the actual result? Beside this, the mere ques-tion of what was intended sinks into insignificance.. The News goes on to say that the word "God" in the salute "does not necessarily mean the God of the Bible; it may mean the god of nature, or nature itself, as some put itŠeven the pagan's god, if there should be a pagan in the schools." Well, well ! How many gods do the Boulder school authorities want the children to give their hearts to? How many different gods do they be-lieve in themselves? Do they believe that all gods are on an equality, so that the children may with equal propri-ety be required to give their heads and hearts to any one of them? If not, which one do they mean shall be honored by this flag salute? These are points concerning which the public may well ask for explanation. If the salute does not mean anything definite, or if it does not mean what it says, it would better be dropped for that reason alone. And if it does mean what it says, then it is a direct invasion of the domain of conscience, whether its authors intended it as such or not. I.- -0 -4 0 Accept Our Thanks WE desire to extend our thanks for the missionary effort that has, been put forth during the past month in behalf of the SENTINEL, and the good lists of subscribers that have been sent in. They have been similar in size and number to those sent in under our spe6ial offer 'last August, and accompanying them. have been words of the warmest appreciation of the paper, atad the deepest inter-est in the cause it represents. The effort is not confined to any particular locality, but has been general. A young Man, going to school and clerking in a store nights and morning, sends in a nice list from Oregon; a man in Wyoming forwards us a list of twenty-five, eight of them: taking our Premium Bible; another from Florida sends a dozen or more, Mad a friend of the paper in Iowa forwards us a list of seven-teen subscriptions secured in one day. These cases might be multiplied almost indefinitely, but this will suffice. We assure our friends, one and all, that we appreciate their efforts, for it shows that they are keenly alive to the situation that confronts us. During the coming year, the SENTINEL will endeavor to keep fully abreast of the battle it is waging, and de-liver its notes of warning so clearly, so earnestly, yet with such tenderness and good will toward all that men and women every-where will be led to see, acknowledge, and accept as truth' the principles for which it contends. ELDER J. SANBORN, Of Sparta; Wis., one of the old-time and warm friends 'of the SENTINEL, sends us 'several subscriptions, his own renewal' with the' number,- and says: Of course I cannot do without the SENTINEL. It is so good and alWays 'stands for the right." 