THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 59 cerning which there has been a great deal of pop-ular misapprehension, and there haS been no end of nonsense talked about it. It has been customary first to assume that the Puritan migration was Undertaken in the interests of religious liberty, and then to upbraid the Puritans for forgetting all about religious liberty as soon as people came among them who disagreed with their opinions. But this view of the case is not supported by his-tory. It is .quite true that the Puritans were charge-able with gross intolerance, but it is not 'true that in this they were guilty of inconsistency. The notion that they came to New England for the purpose of establishing religious liberty, in any sense in which we should understand such a phrase, is entirely incorrect. It is neither more nor less than a bit of popular legend.. 'If we Wean by the phrase "religious liberty " a state of things in which opposite or, contradictory opinions on questions of religion shall exist side by side in the same commu-nity, and in which everybody shall decide for him-Self how far he will conform to the customar3, re-ligious observances, nothing could have been farther from their thoughts. There is nothing they would have regarded with 'more genuine abhorrence, If they could have been forewarned by a prophetic voice of the. general freedomŠor as they would have termed it, licenseŠ of thought and behavior which prevails in this country to-day, they would very likely have abandoned their enterprise in despair. The philosophic student of history often has occasion to see hoW God is wiser than man. In other words, he is often brought to realize how fortunate it is. that the leaders in great historic events cannot foresee the remote results of the labors to which they have zealously consecrated their lives. It is a part of the irony of human des-tiny that the end we really accomplish by striving with Might and main is apt to be something quite different from theŁend we dreamed of as we started on our arduous labor. It was so with the Puritan settlers of New England, The religious liberty that we enjoy to-day is largely the consequence of their work, but it is a consequence that was unfore-seen., while the direct and conscious aim of their labors was something that has never been realized, and probably never will be. The aim of Winthrop and his friends in coming to Massachusetts was a construction of a theocratic State which should be to Christians, under the New Testament dispensation, all that the theocracy of Moses, and Joshua, and Samuel had been to the Jews in Old Testament days. They should be to all intents and purposes freed from the jurisdiction of the Stuart king, and so far as possible the texts of the Holy Scriptures should be their guide, both in weighty matters of general legislation, and in the shaping of the smallest details of daily life. In such a scheme there was no room for religious lib-erty, as we understand . it. No doubt the text of the Scriptures may be interpreted in many ways, but among these men there was a substantial agreement as to the important points, and nothing could have been farther from their thoughts than to found a colony which should afford a field for new experiments in the art of right living. The State they were to found was to consist of a united body of believers; citizenship itself was to be co-extensive with church membership; and in such a State there was apparently no more room for her-etics than there was in Rome or Madrid. This was the idea which drew Winthrop and his followers from England at a time whenŠas events were soon to showŠthey might have staid there and defied persecution with less trouble than it cost them to cross the ocean and found a new State. The Puritans simply followed the cus-toms of their time. Religious liberty was a thing unknown. Roman Catholicism and intolerance have, been synonymous from the beginning. The Church of England was as intolerant as the Roman Church. The Puritans had not advanced  far enough to perceive the error of the principle of religious intolerance, only they did not want the intolerance extended to themselves. They did not think that the Church of England ought to be in-tolerant, because they could see her er-rors, but, feeling sure that they them-selves were right, they were equally sure that their opinions ought to prevail, and ought to be imposed upon others. In all New England, in the days of the Puri-tans, there was only one man who was far enough ahead to perceive that religion was a matter that rests with the individ-ual, and not with the civil government, and that,  man was Roger Williams. Although the Puritans were intolerant, and persecuted others even as they them-selves had been persecuted, they are not to be stigmatized as bad men. They thought they were right. They were but little removed from the darkest period of Roman superstition and oppression, and they had before them no example of per-fect religious fteedom. In consideration of their circumstances we can make al-lowance for the ideas of government which they had, and honor them for that spirit of independence which was per-petuated in their children, and which re-sulted in the complete religious liberty which was finally established in this country. But while we may make allow-ance for those men, considering their time, what allowance can be made for men who have before them the history of one hundred years of religious liberty in the United States ? and who can compare its glorious work with the work of the religious despotism of the Old World? Those who in this age would institute thea  Puritan idea of government, must be either deplorably blind or else wickedly selfish. E. J. W. Ł Ł "Justice." THIS was the subject of a lecture in the Jewish synagogue of Oakland, Sunday evening, January 12, by Justice Charles N. Fox, of the supreme court. The pecu-liarity of the appearance of this lecturer before a Jewish audience, with such a subject, is emphasized by the fact that the judge is an, ardent Sunday-law advo-cate; and when that subject was a cam-paign issue before the people a' few years ago, he was one of the prominent orators opposed to the repeal of the California ,Sunday Jaw. The lecturer said, "The law of all civil-ized countries is but an elaboration of that given to the children of Israel, amid the thunders of Sinai," and then he re-peated the ten commandments. The hard part of it is, reverting to his perora-tions of seven years ago, to see how a Sunday law could be an elaboration of the ten commandments, which very plainly indicate that the first day of the week is one of secular labor,.  Speaking of the injustice to which the Israelites have been subjected in various ages, the judge remarked that " even to-day in some countries they are feeling bitter injustice." But he did not allude, as he might have done, to the injustice awaiting them in the United States when the Sunday law scheme, which he and his National Reform American Sabbath Union confreres are endeavoring to fasten upon the country, shall have been accomplished. Again, the lecturer, "Possibly in the name of religion, alone, more injustice has been done than in any other name known among the children of men." But he did not refer to the fact that the en-tailing of intolerant Sunday laws on the country is the opening wedge for a re-turn to the injustice of the Dark Ages. Nor did he seem to realize the fact that when the gates to civil and religious liberty are closed in this great country whose boast is liberty of conscience, that would be the precursor of more intolerance in other countries, which have been impelled to a degree of liberality because of our asylum for their refugees from oppression. Another sentiment which, coming from a Sunday-law enthusiast, may be con-sidered as an admission, was this : " Na-tions at times are not moved by the final judgment of the aggregate of men; they are moved by emotion, and not awaiting the final judgment. Hence, injustice often occurs." If the judge fully appre-ciated the truth he uttered in that expres-sion, he would never again raise his voice in favor of a Sunday law. All religious legislation is the result of emotion, and it begets its kind with terrible rapidity and in excessive degree, rushing on to fanaticism, intolerance, persecution. Said the lecturer : " Tolerance, how-ever, is constantly growing, so that we may expect the adoption of the eleventh commandment, ' Whatsoever ye would Ł that men should *do to you, do ye even so unto them.' Tolerance has no legitimate place in the vocabulary of a free people. The person or principle that is merely tolerated, is always at the mercy of the power that tolerates. Equality of rights leaves tolerance in the background. Tol-erance will never admit the principle of , " Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so unto them." If tolerance is growing, good-by to liberty of conscience. On the theory that " we cannot hope to live to see pure, unadulturated justice administered by man, one toward another, or under men's laws," the lecturer in-dulged the hope that progress " may so develop the intellects of our children that they will attain nearer and nearer that justice that sits enthroned at the feet of God." On the strength of this hope, the lecturer closed with the following picture : Š When the church of the Christian and the syna-gogue of the Hebrew will be alike the place for the 