1.MERICAN SENTINEL. 93 by an act of any legislative body? Who will in the day of Judgment fall back with confidence upon such an act as valid authority for his own religious conduct? The advocates of religious legislation say that legis-lators are like all other men, bound by the law of God ; and so they are. But they are not so bound for other men, but only for themselves. Here is the vital. point in the whole subject,Šthe point which the would-be reform-ers who are besieging our legislatures overlook or ignore. There can be no representative capacity in religion; and hence while each legislator is bound individually by the divine law, as representative of the people he has nothing to do with religious questions. He must confine himself to civil matters only. This is not to say that he is to act against religion or against morality. The domain of things secular is not in any sense opposed to that of Christianity, any more than truth and justice in the one sphere are opposed to truth and justice in the other. Legislators, like all other persons, may properly be urged to be obedient as individuals to the law of God. But to urge them to act thus for their constituents, as their representatives, is a different thing altogether. However righteous it may sound, or however necessary it may seem to be for the good of the country, in reality it is neither necessary nor righteous. The Almighty will not recognize any arrangement by which one person is made to act for another in religion. Any such arrangement is in reality a heaven-daring piece of iniquity. Legislators must simply refuse to deal as legislators with religious questions. Such matters must be settled in another way than by legislation. They must be left to the individual conscience and the Word of God. A Long Felt Want. THE FebrUary Christian Endeavorer contains the following:Š "Intense interest was caused by the publication, in the January Christian Endeavorer, of Rev. S. W. Gam-ble's discovery that 'the Jewish Sabbath was not Satur-day, but was a movable one.' Letters have been pour-ing in to him and into this office from all over the land, expressing the thanks of the writers that this new theory has been made known. Lack of space prevents our publishing a tithe of the, letters that have been received from leading men of every denomination." Well, we have always thought there was a good deal of uneasiness and uncertainty in the camp of the Sunday forces regarding the genuineness of their sa bbath, and now we know it. Their action in this case confesses it. The greeting accorded Mr. Gamble's "great discovery" by "leading men of every denomination," is that of some-thing which supplies a long felt want. A dubious testi-monial this, for all the argument which was supposed to furnish an abundant support to the Sunday sabbath heretofore ! And by this very fact, the Rev. Mr. Gamble's "discov-ery" has done more already to weaken the Sunday insti-tution than it can ever do to sustain it. For erelong it will be found that this "discovery' is not what it seemed at first, and the long felt want will make itself more keenly felt by the adherents of tradition than ever before. These "great discoveries" which overthrow the Sabbath of the fourth commandment have been coming regularly for a long time, and they will continue to come with their accustomed frequency. But meanwhile the Sabbath, like Moses before the infidels, manages to keep right side up. The Cold Wave in London, Ontario. BY J. F. BALLENGER. THE cold wave of "Christian Citizenship is not con-fined to the States, but has crossed the Lakes and struck Canada with its chilling blast of "moral reform through political economy." The Rev. Dr. E. 0. Taylor, of Chicago, came to this city by invitation of the W. C. T. U. He spoke in the First Presbyterian Church last Sunday afternoon. ,He spent one hour in defining what "Christian Citizenship" is. We have heard and read a good dehl of the aim and object of this movement, but we never heard or read any-thing in which the real character of this organization was unmasked as in the above lecture. The speaker did not try to hide the fact that "Chris-tian Citizenship" meant that the Church should run the State, as the following utterances will show. He said:Š "Human governments- are divine, and God's minis-ters are appointed to administer it civil as well as reli-gious things." The apostles said, "But we will give ourselves con-tinually to prayer and the ministry of the word." Acts 6:I. Now if to administer civil governments means to min-ister the Word, then it follows that the minister must use the power of the civil government to enforce the Word. This position was further defined by another state-ment, thatŠ "Every question, both civil and religious, shoUld be settled by the'book" [meaning the Bible]. Then it follows again, that the minister must define the terms of settlement according to the Bible, and when he has decided what the Bible says are the conditions of settlement, he must use the power of the State, which is the sword, to enforce a settlement. Did pagan or papal Rome ever contend for any more than this? If they did we would like to be shown the page in history where it is recorded. Again, the speaker said, "Remove the stumbling blocks out of the way of the Church and thus make it easy for man to do right by improving your civil laws." We had always supposed that the gospel was the 