"Equal and Exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever State or 'Persuasion, eligious or political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 21, 1893. NUMBER 37. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY No. 43 BONIN STREET, Nzw YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN.  WILLIAM H. MC KEE. THE principles upon which the Govern-ment of the United States was founded, and the principles of Rome; are directly at opposites. And Rome knows it, and has known it all the time. THE principles of the Government of the United States have now been com-pletely subverted, and the principles of Rome fully adopted, by an apostate Prot-estantism, in the United States. And Rome knows it. THE effect of the principles of the Gov-ernment of the United States upon other nations has ever been to weaken Rome's influence over them, and to draw them away from her. So certainly is this true, that although Rome long ago denounced religious toleration as one of the eighty heresies of the age, yet even Spain has " granted " " toleration." HERE is a statement that is worthy of consideration in this connection :Š We must briefly surrey the influence of the American system up-,n foreign countries and churches. Within the present generation the principle of religious liberty and equality, with a corresponding relaxation of the bond of union of Church and State, has made steady and irresistible progress among the leading nations of Europe, and has been embodied more or less clearly in written constitu- , tions. The successful working of the principle of relig-ious freedom in the United States has stimulated this progress without any official interference. All advocates of the voluntary principle [in support of churches and religion] and of a separation of Church and State in Europe, point to the example of this country as their strongest practical argument.ŠSchaff, Church and State in the United States, p. 83. ROME did not want the nations of Eu-rope, or anywhere else, drawn away from her. Yet here was this very work " steadily and irresistibly " going on. This was not by any means a pleasing thing to her. Yet what could she do ?  The work was not being done by any official action of the United States Gov-ernment, in diplomacy or otherwise, and, of course, she could not meet it by any such means. It was by the silent, steady and " irresistible " influence of the divine principle upon which the Government was founded, and which was spread before all the world in constitutional guaranties. Plainly, as long as this was suffered to go on she could do nothing ; and still the longer it went on the more her influence over the nations was being weakened and her power with them was vanishing. And this to her was heartrending sorrow, and affliction unbearable. YET what could she do ? What should she do ? Well, as it was the silent, steady, irresistible power of the divine principles of this Government that was sapping her life away, it is evident that the only thing that she could logically or possibly do to save herself was to subvert the principles of religious liberty, of the separation of Church and State, upon which this Gov-ernment was founded, and thus turn back the Government of the United States into the way of her evil principles, and so regain her influence and power over the nations and thus once more draw all the nations in her train. For with this Gov-ernment holding such a high place in the estimation of the nations, it is manifest that if the principles of the Government could be subverted and this Nation so turned into her evil course, then the in-fluence of this Nation would be just as powerful to draw the nations back to Rome as it had formerly been to draw them away from her. EVIDENTLY this was the logic of the situation. And as Rome is always logical in the application of her own premises, this is the scheme which she set on foot, and which she has been working ever since she awoke to the real situation. As a church, and for this purpose, she entered American politics, she secured political possession of all the great cities, so that now, by this means, she holds the balance of power even in .a national election. She worked her agents also into the field of journalism, so that to-day, generally speaking, she absolutely controls the pub- lications of the country, by which she is steadily warping public opinion in her favor, and if not that, then into fear of her power. She sends her secret agents into the Protestant religious schools and theological seminaries, and even into Protestant pulpits, by which means, she steadily and stealthily tones down the principles of Protestantism and molds re-ligious opinion upon the view that there are at least certain things upon which Protestants and Catholics " can unite to shape legislation for the public weal," etc., etc. She sends her agents into the trades-unions, the labor-unions, etc., and takes control of these and molds them upon her principles; strikes, with their accompanying violence, are multiplied upon, in which she deftly insinuates herself as the "arbitrator," whose justice alone can settle the differences and whose word alone can calm the troubled waters. Note the Pope's encyclicals on the labor ques-tion. ALL these have, for a long time, been her means of loosening the foundations of integrity to the principles of the Govern-ment of the United States. And all the while, too, she has beheld with secret but unbounded satisfaction, the work of pro-fessed Protestants in their endeavors to secure the recognition of religion in national legislation and national affairs. And when, February 29, 1892, she heard the unanimous decision of the Supreme Court of the United States that " This is a Christian Nation," with Catholic docu-ments quoted to prove it, she could con-tain herself no longer. She knew that her advantage was so certain, and her time was so fully come, that she need no longer work in secret, but could announce her purposes openly to the American people and to the world, which she did shortly in a letter from the Vatican to the New York Sun, and which was printed in that paper July 11, 1892, under the heading of "The Papacy and Nationality; Pope Leo and the United States." IN that letter are found the following startlingly significant sentences, in which she announces her programme and her purpose concerning the United States, and through this, all humanity:Š In his [Pope Leo's] view, the United States hds reached the pericd when it becomes necessary to 