152 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 4, No. 19. Tir An2erical gel2tirr1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, JUNE' 5, 1889. NOTE,ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. THE Southern Baptist Convention, recently in session at Memphis, Tenn— adopted the following resolution :Š " Resolved, That we fully sympathize with the American Sabbath Union in laboring to secure such national legislation as will allow to all employes of the National Government one day in seven as a day of rest, and request our brethren to promote its work so far as may be practicable." That is a rather misleading way of putting it; for that for which the American Sabbath Union is laboring is not to secure to Government em-ployes the right to rest, but to compel everybody to rest whether they wish to or not. If anybody doubts this, let him read the Blair Sunday-Rest bill, which the Union indorsed. We very much fear that the Southern Baptists are proving rec-reant to true Baptist principles. WE are informed by a letter from our brother editor, A. T. Jones, now in the East, that the de-bate between Dr. Crafts and himself announced to take place in Chicago, June 12, 13, 14, has been declared off by Mr. Crafts, the challenging party, and that for no better ostensible reason than that the Chicago ministers refuse to interest themselves in the matter as fully as he feels that they should. This is quite a disappointment to us, and we doubt not that it will be also to the readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, as we pro-posed to give a verbatim report of the debate. Mr. Jones has written to Mr. Crafts protesting against his arbitrary action in the matter, and offering to meet him at some other time. We trust he will yet be able to make satisfactory arrangements with this champion of National Re-form, and if so we promise our readers- the full benefit of all that is said on both sides of the question. GEORGIA ought to be a paradise for National Reformers, for the law of that State provides that a fine for working on Sunday may be as high as $1,000, and that "all moneys arising from fines imposed for offenses, the gist of which consists in their being committed on the Sabbatlkday, shall be paid to the Ordinary of the county, to be by him distributed for the purpose of establishing and promoting Sabbath-schools in the county." In addition to the fine the convicted person may be imprisoned for six months and worked in the chain-gang. No exemption is made in favor of those who observe a day other than Sunday. It should be remembered in this connection that it is urged in behalf of a National Sunday yaw that all that is wantedis simply to make State laws effective. But in the case of Georgia that would be a good deal more than any Christian would ask. Such a law is a disgrace to any State. And to seek to make it effective stamps any association, we care not how high its professions may be, as antichris-tian. Men who would seek to make such a law "effective" would use the rack and thumb-screws if they had the power. AN.  association has been organized in Japan, the object of which is to maintain Buddhism, especially in view of its political charaCter in the empire. The members pledge themselves, in the selection of representatives in Parliament, pro-vincial assemblies, town councils, or local offices, and in the appointment of school-teachers, officials of societies and business companies, " carefully to exclude all who are disloyal to our emperor or untrue to Buddhism by believing in the foreign religion called Christianity." This is simply National Reform in the interest of Buddhism. But there is hope for Christianity in the fact that many of the Japanese newspapers which have no special interest in Christianity are condemning severely this attempt to drag religion into the sphere of politics. And it ought to be condemned not only in Japan but in the United States. If it is right that the majority should rule in matters of religion in one country it cannot be wrong in another, and Japan would have the same right to exclude or boycott Christianity that the United States would have to discriminate in religious matters. THE following from the Churchman is interest-ing as showing the real ground of opposition to Sunday newspapers ; it is not the labor that is performed on Sunday, but it is because the Sun-day paper is a too successful rival of the churches " The outcry in England against the appear-ance in London of a Sunday edition of the New York Herald appears to be a little paradoxical. Everyone knows that in the principal centers of population in England there always have been Sunday papers of more or less respectability. The Observer is really a high-class Sunday paper. The projectors of the Herald evidently consider both Paris and London as mere suburbs of New York, but the opposition to their Sunday edition suggests a question as to the violation of Sunday rest involved in the Monday edition of a paper. It is the Monday paper that requires editors, compositors, and printers to work on Sunday. Only the publishing and distribution of the Sun-day paper demands Sunday labor. It seems a more rational demand that proprietors of news-papers do as Italian papers in this city do, i. e., omit a Monday edition, or else publish it only at noon or after noon. But of course we must not lose sight of what is, after all, the strongest argu-ment against the Sunday paper, namely, that its piquant attractions, its utter worldliness and sec-ularity, distract the minds of the people from the religious observance of the week's one hallowed day." e  THE National Reformers assume prerogatives and vested rights in the matter of Sunday legis-lation on the ground that first-day observers are largely in the majority as compared with those who adhere to the seventh day. Now we have always maintained that the issue is not between the claims of certain days to special consideration. It is a question as to whether the civil and relig-ious liberty of all classes now guaranteed by the Constitution shall be maintained. Equal and exact justice to all men is the principle for which we contend, no matter what day they choose to keep, or whether they keep any day. Justice is not determined by majorities, but even if' it were, that would nullify the assumed rights of the Re-formers. Although Sunday-keepers are more numerous than the observers of the seventh day, both togetherŠif we reckon by church member- shipŠare but a small minority of the people of the United States. So, to be consistent with their own arguments, they should stop their clamor for religious legislation. They know very well the majority is against it. But, as we have before stated and often demonstrated, consistency is no part of National Reform. THE Frontier is a journal published at Spokane Falls, Washington Territory. A copy of its is-sue of February has been sent us which contains a marked editorial against the work of obtaining signatures to the remonstrances against religious legislation and what the editor calls liberty. He refused to sign a remonstrance against religious legislation, or allow the petition to be circulated in his rooms. His ability to judge of what is liberty can be estimated from the opening sen-tence, as follows:Š " A man came to our rooms recently with a petition to the Legislature, asking that the section in the Con-stitution of the United States in reference to the strict observance of the Sabbath be not inserted in the new charter for the State of Washington." First, there is no section in the Constitution of the United States in reference to the strict observ-ance or any observance of the Sabbath ; and secondly, no such petition was ever circulated in Washington Territory. The petitions were that the Constitution of the United States should re-main as it is. The Frontier had better ,get into the civilization of the district school. " DOES prohibition prohibit ?" is a question in which all are more or less interested because of the rapid growth of temperance seniment during the past few years, and it is candidly and fearlessly answered in a recent pamphlet by S. B. Bradford, ex-attorney-general of Kansas. Mr. Bradford has had unexampled facilities for informing him-self relative to the practical workings of prohibi-tion, and no one, whether friend or foe of prohibi-tion, can read his statement of facts without deep interest. The friends of constitutional and statu-tory prohibition should not only read but should study Attorney Bradford's pamphlet, as it will fill their mouths with arguments in favor of pro-hibition; and the liquor dealers should read it, as it will show them what they will shortly have to meet in other States. The price of the pam-phlet is 25 cents. For sale by The George W. Crane Publishing Company, Topeka, Kansas. THE "Report of the Missionary Conference" held in London in 1888 is upon our table. It is in two volumes, of some 650 pages each. These volumes are full of live, interesting matter, and should be in the hands of all who are in any way interested in the spread of gospel truth in foreign lands. Every Christian should be intelligent in regard to what is being done for the evangeliza-tion of the world, and we know of no better source of information than these books, which can be had by sending $2.00 to the publisher, Fleming H. Revell, 12 Bible House, New York, or 148 and 150 Madison Street, Chicago. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, Ho Cairo St— OAKLAND, CAL. 