AMERICAN SENTINEL. 121 Now as all this is true, what day of the week could the gospel require to be kept excepting the very day that the commandment requires? Of course no other. InŁ stead, however, of requiring the keeping of the first day, the commandment requires that the seventh day shall be kept. Therefore the seventh day is the one required to be kept by the gospel. Now the first day (Sunday) is sought to be enforced as the Sabbath day; and that day as the Sabbath is made, by its adherents, the test of allegiance to God and thus to the gospel. What else then could we expect than that when the "everlasting gospel" is preached to all people, calling upon them to keep God's commandments, and so fear him and.give him glory, it should call special attention to the seventh day as the Sabbath; and so when a false reformation in behalf of the pseudo Sabbath (Sunday) is going on, and the civil power is being in-voked for its enforcement, that a true reformation con-cerning the true Sabbath day should be carried on through the preaching of, and the sole reliance upon, the "everlasting gospel"? " The Way of Cain." BY A. SMITH. WHEN the two representative sons of Adam brought an offering to the Lord, God had respect to Abel's offer-ing, because it was according to his own divine arrange-ment in the plan of salvation. The lamb he offered fore-shadowed the Lamb of God, the Saviour of the world. Cain brought of the fruits of the ground an offering, no doubt just as costly and just as free from natural blemishes as was the offering of Abel; but it was not according to God's order, and it was therefore rejected. Cain became angry with his brother, because he persisted in worshiping God contrary to his own idea of service, and " slew him." There is a small class of Christians at the present day who bring an offering of spiritual service to God on a day divinely appointed to be kept holy, the seventh day, according to the fourth commandment. There is still another, larger, class, who bring a like offering to God, but on another day that the Lord has never ap-pointed as holy time, while they ignore the day he has declared to be his, and to be holy unto the Lord. A class of those who observe the first day as the Sabbath hate those who observe the seventh day, and take the club of civil law of their own framing, and with it at-tempt to beat their seventh-day brethren into adopting their own ideas of worshiping God. In this thing they have "gone in the way of Cain" (Jude 11), who stood in his day for a union of church and state. Paul says of Christians, "The weapons of our war-fare are not carnal." 2 Cor. 10:4. Those professed Christians, therefore, who use the carnal weapon of civil  law to coerce their brethren, or anybody, proclaim there-by, as did Cain, on which side of the controversy they stand. -.0-- 4' IT still remains for the advocates of "expansion" to point out one material advantage which that policy is to confer upon the United States, in return for the out-lay demanded in men and money, and the cost of setting aside the hitherto-prevailing principles of American gov-ernment. Church and State in Fiji. BY J. E. FITLTON. AFTER having applied in regular order to the Fiji government for a piece of native land to be used for mission purposes, we received notice to appear before the native commissioner. He said he wished to inform us that there were already two denominations in Fiji, viz., Wesleyans and Catholics; that there had been con-siderable friction between them; and disputes which had arisen thereby have had to be settled on several occas-ions by the government authorities. It was further stated that it was not a desirable thing that any other denomination should take up work among the natives. if there was a likelihood of more trouble to the govern-ment. On one occasion, I am informed, some native stu-dents in one of the mission schools had complained of overwork, and because an awning which covered the missionary who sat in the stern of the boat was not extended so as to shade them who did the rowing in the forward part of the boat. The governor was called in at last to decide upon the matter. A difficulty lies in the fact that the Fijians are not regarded as men, but as children. Though intelligent and showing a lower percentage of illiteracy than many long-civilized countries, they may be compared to a family of 120,000 children of whom the officers of the governinent are the guardians. If a full-grown native wishes to visit the neighboring town, he must obtain the privilege from an officer. It is related that the king of Fiji, after presenting Great Britain with his kingdom, was afterward refused the privilege of visiting outside of it. The government has passed a law to the effect that young men desiring to enter a mission school of any denomination must 'obtain permission from a chief who is a government official. If this chief is favorable to the religious body who has the mission school, his per-mission is easy to obtain. Suva, Fiji. LIBERTY is easier retained than regained, 