THE AM   F,RICAN SENTINEL. 299 win it will rejoice as one man. Hence it is im-perative that the question should be decided at once. The promoters of the Sunday cause might well pray to be delivered from its friends. H. B. MAURER. Apropos of the foregoing is the follow-ing item from the Christian at Work, of the 17th inst.:Š If Sabbath closing of the Columbus Fair wins, as we believe it will, it will not be by reason of some pleas put up in its behalf. Here, for instance, is the utterance of a speaker at a recent meeting in Chicago :Š It is the custom now to follow the example of great men. Germans copy the manners and deeds of the Emperor. In England the Queen, a motherly Christian woman, molds the fashions. The Prince of Wales cannot wear a coat without its being copied by every one the next day. And now here are Jesus and God who rest upon the Sabbath day Šlet us follow their example. The idea of commending Sunday closing on the basis of copying Jesus and God, because the public mind is so ready to ape the manners and dress of royalty, will scarcely have weight among the in- telligent, if it does not bring the cause of Sunday closing into contempt. It is only justice to the reading public to say that " a speaker at a recent meet-ing in Chicago " and " the prophet " are the same. -4.  Simply Another Step. A LITTLE school-boy once spoke :Š " One brick upon another, And the highest wall is laid, One step and then another, AndŠand--you'll get there.Š" he finally stammered, much to the amuse-ment of the school. But oftentimes the blun-dering remarks of little folks on some such occasion express truths that have all the forcv,  of axioms. " Fools and children " have the reputation of telling the truth. This idea of taking one step and then another, was the idea upon which the re-ligious- and civil powers were united in Rome. It has always been the plan pur-sued by governments in overstepping their legitimate powers and invading the rights of the people. It was the plan England adopted in attempting to subjugate the American colonists; but it did not succeed, for the simple reason that the colonists objected to the first stepŠand objected in a way that was felt throughout the world. It is the plan adopted to-day by our re-ligio-political agitators. They first ask for a law closing the World's Fair on Sun-day; then they will want a Sunday law with an exemption clause; then they will want a law without an exemption clause; then they will want a law forbidding Sabbatarians to keep Saturday, and so on. Of course, they will deny this; but that was the plan pursued a millenium ago, and that is simply the logical outcome of the first demand. It is only in comparatively recent times that they had a law in New England for-bidding the celebration of Christmas, with penalties attached; and now comes the news that the Jews must not only observe  Russia's Sunday law, but must also work on Saturday : " Jews," says a Boston jour-nal, " have been forbidden to observe the Hebrew Sabbath (Saturday), and to close their shops on that day, and are com- pelled to shut up their shops on Sunday." How long will it be if the present de- mands of the Sunday-law advocates are granted before they will demand that the Sabbatarians of this country be forbidden to observe the seventh day of the week ? " Civil Government and Religion" calls attention to steps already taken in their demands, and it would be well to look to see where we will light, before we take our leap. The work cited says :Š Nor are they going to be content with a little. Mr. Crafts, speaking before the United States Sen-ate committee in April, 1888, in favor of the Na-tional Sunday law, said :Š The law allows the local postmaster, if he chooses (and some of them do choose), to open the mails at the very hour of church, and so make the post-office the competitor of the churches. This same trouble was experienced in the fourth century also, between the circus or the theatre, and the church. The church could not stand competi-tion; she would be content with nothing less than a monopoly, and she got it, precisely as these church managers are trying to get it. More than this, they want now, as they did then, the Govern-ment to secure them in the enjoyment of a perpet-ual monopoly. At another point in the same speech, Mr. Crafts referred to the proposed law as one for "protecting the church services from post-office competition." And in explaining how this could be done, he said:Š A law forbidding the opening between ten and twelve, would accomplish this, and would be better than nothing; but we want more. How much more ? He continues:Š A law forbidding any handling of Sunday mail at such hours as would interfere with church at-tendance on the part of the employes, would be better than nothing; but we want more than this. How much more ? He continues:Š Local option in deciding whether a local post-office shall be open at all on Sunday, we should welcome as better than nothing; . . but we de-sire more than this. How much more ? Still he continues ;Š A law forbidding all carrier delivery of mail on Sunday, would be better than nothing; but we want more than that." Then he says:Š What we ask is a law instructing the Postmaster-General to make no further contracts which shall include the carrying of mails on the Sabbath, and to provide that hereafter no mail matter shall be collected or distributed on that day. But when they shall have secured the help of the Government in carrying out their monopoliz-ing ambition thus far, will they be content ?ŠNot at all. Nothing short pf a complete and perpetual monoply will satisfy them. This is proved by Dr. McAllister's words at Lakeside, Ohio, July, 1887, as followsŠ: Let a man be what he mayŠJew, seventh-day observer of some other denomination, or those who do not believe in the Christian SabbathŠlet the law apply to every one, that there shall be no public desecration of the first day of the week, the Chris-tian Sabbath, the day of rest for the Nation. They may hold any other day of the week as sacred, and observe it; but that day which is the one day in seven for the Nation at large, let that not be publicly desecrated by any one, by officer in the Government, or by private citizen, high or low, rich or poor. It was because the Presbyterian clergy of Virginia saw this universal human tendency that they withdrew their sup-port from the religious legislation in that State in 1785. Speaking of this change of front, Madison says :Š The Presbyterian clergy, too, who were in gen-eral friends to the scheme [of levying a tax to-wards the support of teachers to give instruction in the Christian religion], are already in another tone, either compelled by the laity of that sect, or alarmed at the probability of further interferences of the Legislature, if they once begin to dictate in matters of religion. It is the same, too, in the infliction of the penalty. Small fines have already failed to keep Sabbatarians from Sunday work. The prosecutors are exasperated and prosecute plowing on Sunday as a nuisance (in the case of the Seventh-day Adventists now pending in the United States courts) and a fine of seventy-five dollars is imposed. When this fails to accomplish its desired effect, as it most surely will, what will be done next ? Gibbon makes the following observation : It is incumbent on the authors of persecution previously to reflect whether they are determined to support it in the last extreme. They excite the flame which they strive to extinguish; and it soon becomes necessary to chastise the contumacy, as well as the crime, of the offender. The fine which he is unable or unwilling to discharge, exposes his person to the severities of the law ; and his con-tempt of lighter penalties suggests the use and pro-priety of capital punishment.ŠDecline and Fall of the Roman Empire, chap. 37, par. 23. Perceiving this inclination in human nature, Herbert Spencer observes that " if the first step has been taken with seeming impunity, it will inevitably be followed by others. School-boy promises of ' only this once,' are not to be believed. Make a hole through the principle to admit a solitary exception, and, on one pretense or another, exceptions will by and by be thrust through after it so as to render the principle utterly good for nothing." W. A. BLAKELY. Is This the Gospel? THE doctrine of National Reformers is that this is a Christian Nation, and that therefore all our laws should be made in accordance with their ideas of the Chris-tian religion, and none but professors of Christianity and conformers to such laws be tolerated here. In other words, it is the theory of intolerance. A vice-president of the National Reform Association, Rev. E. B. Graham, in a speech delivered at York, Nebraska, May 21, 1885, said :Š, If the opponents of the Bible do not like our Government and its Christian features, let them go to some wild, desolate land, and for the sake of the devil subdue it, and set up a government of their own on infidel and atheistic ideas, and then if they can stand it, stay there till they die. Rev. Dr. McAllister, one of the editors of the Christian Statesman, the official organ of this Association, at a convention held at Lakeside, Ohio, in August, 1887, likewise said :Š Those who oppose this work now, will discover when the religious amendment is made to the Con-stitution, that if they do not see fit to fall in with the majority, they must abide the consequences, or seek some more congenial clime. These are the sentiments held, and this 