THE _NM ERICA.N SENTINEL. 275 to practice it. But it has already been shown that the State cannot, if faithful to its trust, permit plural marriages even among those who are agreed that such relations are proper. Were the State to make any such exception as this, it would afford opportunity for every man who wished to abandon his first wife, to prac-tically do so simply by making a profession of iVlormonism. He could then take as many wives as he saw fit, and might sub-sequently retain or renounce his new re-ligion according to his own convenience. With polygamy legalized in any State or Territory, no woman in the United States would be legally secure in her marital rights. But, even leaving all that out of the question, the State can-not properly make any such exception. Such exception would only be to favor one clasS above' another for religious reasons, and that would not be just; for laws should operate alike upon all. It would be manifestly unjust to imprison a " Gentile " for doing that which the Mor-mon is freely permitted to practice. And such laws would speedily bring all law into contempt, and make government an impossibility. It follows that if the State permits the Mormon to have more than one wife, it must grant the same privilege to the " Gentile ; " and if it permits polyg-yny, it must in justice permit polyandry also. But this would cause utter confu-sion in families, and certainly burden the State with the care of numerous wards, whom it would have to supply not only with subsistence, but even with family names, as their paternity would be in doubt. And this would at one step plunge the State into absolute paternalism. In-deed the whole system of polygamy is inseparable from the idea of paternalism in government. It is clear from these considerations, (1) That while marriage and the Sabbath are both divine institutions, they are essen-tially different in this, that whereas the Sabbath is :dependent for its very exist-ence upon revelation, and relates solely to the recognition of God as an object of worship, marriage is natural, and relates wholly to the proper relations of men and women to each other and to society; (2) That for civil government to regulate Sabbath-keeping would tend to destroy moral responsibility to God, and that, without in the least benefiting man; while on the other hand, for government not to regulate marriage would be to neglect the very work for which governments are instituted, namely, the securing of human rights; (3) That while the neglect or re-fusal of people to keep a Sabbath does not impose financial burdens upon the State, the practice of polygamy must inevitably burden the State with numerous wards of unknown paternity. The unavoidable conclusion is, that while polygamy is an invasion of natural rights, destructive of the very idea of civil government, ruinous  to genuine civilization, and therefore, to be prohibited to all alike, the State has no right to either require or forbid Sabbath-keeping. Senator George's Speech. LAST week we gave Senator Reagan's speech on the Indian Appropriation bill. We now give the speech of Senator George, of Mississippi, on the same sub-ject. It is brief, but strictly to the point. Mr. President: I rise principally for the purpose of endorsing, in all its length and breadth and depth, the very fine argument made by the Senator from Texas [Mr. Reagan] in opposition to any scheme by which the money of the people of the United States, shall be appropriated to any particular denomination of Chris-tians for the purpose of educating, civil-izing, and Christianizing Indians. I be-lieve that the Constitution of the United States is violated in spirit when that is done. The First Amendment says that, " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion." I believe we do our duty to the Indians, in the way of education, when we do for them what we do for the white people, and the black people of this country, giving them State education without reference to religious tenets. Whenever the Government em-barks upon a scheme of that sort, we have, what has so manifestly appeared to-day, a contest between the various re-ligious denominations of this country, as to who shall get the most. I am opposed to the whole scheme. There is a denomination of Christians in this land, a very large denomination, probably as large as any other, who be-lieve that the interference by Government with the teaching or establishment of the doctrines of any particular religious sect is wrong, and who, therefore, from consci-entious scruples refuse to receive any money of the Government to teach any Indian school, or to go into the business at all. That denomination is the Baptist de-nomination. I think we shall do well when we adhere strictly in practice to that line of action. [At this point, Senator Call, of Florida, spoke, endorsing the action of the Gov-ernment in giving money to the churches, and attempted to make it appear that the opposition to the appropriation was only opposition to Catholics, to which Senator George replied, as follows :ŠEn.] Mr. President : I do not intend to allow the Senator from Florida, to state in his own way, the position of 'those of us who oppose the appropriation of money, out of the Treasury of the United States, for the purpose of keeping up these schools. He stated that our opposition was based upon the ground that the Catholics had the schools. I repudiate that sentiment, sir, entirely ; I do not care whether the school is kept by Catholics or any one of the  Protestant denominations, it is no part of the business of Congress to take peo-ple's money for the purpose of having denominational schools. Denominational schools ought to be kept up by the de-nominations which own them, and they are kept up in that way all over the United States, for all the population of the United States, except only, for the Indians. I desire simply to say that much. The Senator from Florida, wholly misinter-prets the views and the sentiments of those who oppose these appropriations. I would as soon vote for an appropriation for one sort of a denominational school as for another. I am opposed to all of them. Not to the school, but to their being sus-tained by taxes collected from the people of the United States. It Is All Wrong. UPON the subject of enforced teaching of English in private schools, the St. Paul Dispatch says :Š It is right that citizens of foreign nationalities should, among themselves, seek to maintain the traditions and memories of their native lands; but it is not right, and should not be tolerated, that they shall educate their children at the public ex-pense, or otherwise, as if those children were des-tined to spend their lives in the countries from which their respective parents came. We have never yet heard, nor do we be-lieve that the Dispatch has, of any class of people who desired to educate their chil-dren in the traditions and memories of foreign lands at the public expense. We have not yet seen it denied that the public has the right to teach English solely in the public schools. The Dispatch there-fore in this, raises a false issue. That which is denied is that the public has a right to say what shall be taught in the private schools ; and this is not a denial of the right of the State to say that English shall be taught in the public schools. It is not opposition to the teaching of English; but this oppo-sition is to the assumption that if the State can say that English shall be taught in the public schools, that con-cedes the right of the State to say, that whatever it pleases shall be taught in the private schools; and that consequently there is no such .thing as a private school; that the State arbitrarily turns the private school into a public .school at private ex-pense. And further than this, it is in defense of private rights as a whole. If the State can take charge of the private school and run it at private expense, then it can take charge of any other private affair, and there is no longer any such thing as private rights; everything be-comes public; the State absorbs all, and becomes the parent of all; but that is not constitutional, nor American, nor Chris-tian. All this is conveyed in the above state-ment of the Dispatch, wherein it asserts 