" Equal and Exact Justice to all Men, or Whatever state or cer5uasion, Feligioua or 'Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, APRIL 20, 1893. NUMBER 16. American Sentinel. PUBLISUED WEEKLY%  BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW Yona. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CALVIN R. 13oLLmAN. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, WILLIAM H. MC KEE. FOREIGN advices gravely tell us that the Pope has lately completed an examina-tion of the Scriptures. It seems that he has in his old age taken to the study of the Bible, and more than that, he has written .a letter to his bishops urging them also to devote more time to scriptural study. But it may be a matter of doubt whether he has yet advocated an open Bible for the laity. WHILE this subtle suggestion of unity and fellowship proceeds from the Vatican the encroachments of Rome on the schools, the family, the Church and the State in-crease everywhere. In this country secret and oath-bound organizations avowedly inimical to Rome multiply continually. On the other hand, and seemingly almost in response to this, Roman Catholic soci-eties organize and drill, and weird rumors are bandied about of coffins full of arms and munitions of war detected in transit, consigned to Roman Catholic cathedrals. /THE forty-fifth anniversary of the in-ception of modern spiritualism has just passed. It was celebrated by manifesta-tions which are declared to have sur-passed previous demonstrations. But principally it has been marked by the promises that have been made that within five years open exhibitions of supernatural power would be made in the light of day and in public assemblies such as will con-vince every witness of their reality beyond a doubt. THE dread tornado hurled by the "prince of the power of the air " across the country through village and farm, is doing its devastating work. The earth shivers, as in fear, where such tremors are new and unaccustomed. The pestilence gathers its forces at the home of its birth await-ing its appointed hour to come forth. While crying "Peace! Peace! " the na- tions are building navies and equipping armies, and European coffers are filling themselves with American gold; and all this is for what purpose ? What does it portend ? Or does it mean nothing ? The word of the Lord by his holy prophets has been fulfilled in the past. God's plans for this world are not yet complete. If they are not yet completed they must be in the course of fulfillment. If that be so what is the portion of the prophetic word applicable to this time ? If these events now passing are in the line of prophecy, as they must be, then what comes next in the necessary sequence ? Civil Grounds of Religious Intolerance. IN No. 12 of the current volume of this paper was published an article under this title in which it was shown that " in every age and in every country religious intolerance has been defended to a greater or less extent on the ground of public policy," and that " dissenters have ever been stigmatized as enemies of the State, subverters of social order, and disturbers of the public peace." The proof of these propositions was conclusive, but by no means as full as it might have been. In-deed, to exhaust the subject would be to review the entire history of the world, for substantially the same arguments have been urged in justification of re-strictions of freedom of conscience in every country and in every period. Speaking of the causes of pagan perse-cutions, Lecky says that "they were partly political and partly religious." The same writer explains this statement in this way :Š In the earlier days of Rome religion was looked upon as a function of the State; its chief object was to make the gods auspicious to the national policy, and its principal ceremonies were performed at the direct command of the Senate.ŠHistory of European Morals. Vol. 1, page 398. Of certain repressive measures directed by the Romans against other religions than their own, Lecky says :Š They grew out of that intense national spirit which sacrificed every other interest to the State, and resisted every form of innovation, whether secular or religious, that could impair the unity of the national type, and dissolve the discipline which the predominance of the military spirit and the stern government of tho Republic had formed. Id. page 403. It thus appears that the real motive that led the pagans to persecute the Chris-tians was a desire to preserve intact their civil institutions; the very motive which to-day actuates the Czar in the persecu-tion of Jews and Stundists, and that is urged in our own country in justification of certain measures of religious legislation. In justification of Sunday laws, Mr. Crafts says, as quoted in our former ar-ticle :Š It is the conviction of the majority that the Na_ tion can not be preserved without religion, nor religion without the Sabbath, nor the Sabbath without laws, therefore Sabbath laws are enacted by the right of self-preservation, not in violation of liberty, but for its protection. This is but a revamping of the old pagan theory firmly believed by the multitude, Lecky says, "that the pros-perity and adversity of the empire de-pended chiefly upon the zeal or indiffer-ence that was shown in conciliating the national divinities." That the Christian religion is true while the religion of the Romans was false does not affect the principle; civil government was as much a divine ordinance in Rome as it is in the United States, and if the preservation of social order justifies religious laws now it justified them as fully then. Nor is this all; if the preservation of either this or any other nation justifies religious re-strictions at all it justifies such restriction to any extent which in the judgment of those in authority may be necessary for the preservation of that nation. But to maintain such a position would be to justify all the persecution that has ever cursed any land, or disgraced any system of religion. Another point of resemblance between ancient and modern intolerance, between pagan and so-called Christian bigotry, is found in the fact that when Rome reached the point of tolerating professors of all religions in Rome, this liberty did not free the Roman " from the obligation of performing also the sacrifices or other religious rites of his own land." The parallel to this is found in Tennessee and some other of our American States in which perfect religious liberty is sup-posed to be guaranteed, notwithstanding the fact that a certain amount of defer-ence must be paid to the religion of the majority, in the observance of Sunday. 