198 .A._MJEJEZI CAN N VOL. 11, No. 25. and condition in life may have an opportunity to en-joy absolute rest and quiet, is that result, so far as interstate freight traffic is concerned, attainable only through an affirmative act of Congress giving its assent to such legislation? The court holds that such is not the case, and concludes the opinion thus:Š Local laws of the character mentioned have their source in the powers which the States reserved and never surrendered to Congress, of providing for the public health, the public morals and the public safety, and are not, within the moaning of the Constitution, and con-sidered in their own nature, regulations of interstate commerce simply because, for a limited time or to a limited extent, they cover the field occupied by those engaged in such commerce. The statute of Georgia is not directed against interstate commerce. . . . It simply declares that, on and during the day ,fixed by law as a day of rest for all the people within the limits of the State from toil and labor incident to their callings, the transportation of freight shall be sus-pended. We are of opinion that such a law, although in a limited degree affecting interstate commerce, is not for that reason a needless intrusion upon the domain of Federal jurisdiction, nor strictly a regulation of interstate commerce, but, considered in its own na-ture, is an ordinary police regulation designed to se-cure the well-being and to promote the general welfare of the people within the State by which it was estab-lished, and, therefore, not invalid by force alone of the Constitution of the United States. The judgment is Affirmed. No Recognition of Individual Rights. It will be observed that in all this, while there is a careful guarding of " the powers which the States reserved and never surrend-ered," there is not so much as a suggestion of any rights for the individual. The State is supreme over the time, health and morals of the people. They have no reserved rights. A noticeable feature in this decision is the matter-of-fact tone employed in referring to Sunday "laws." Their propriety is beyond question! " From the earliest period in the history of Georgia it has been the policy of that State, as it was the policy of many of the original States, to prohibit all persons, under penalties, from using the sabbath as a day of labor and from pursuing their ordinary call-ings." The argument amounts to no more than this: it has long been so, therefore it must be right. And this " policy " and the "laws" enacted in preservance of it are purely "civil," the court asserts, notwithstanding the admitted fact that " religious views and feel-ings" " had a controlling influence" in the framing of "laws" requiring Sunday observ- ance! It is assumed that Sunday "laws " are necessary for the preservation of " health and morals." We have not time now to discuss the question of health; but submit that Sun-day labor or business cannot be shown to be immoral, and it will not ever be claimed that it is immoral, on any other ground than that it is irreligious. It inevitably follows that the Supreme Court has upheld a "law" prohibit-ing Sunday work because it is irreligious, for if it were not irreligious it could not be im-moral, and if it were not immoral it could not be prohibited by law. Sunday Receives the Seal of Judicial Approval. In our opinion this decision from which only two Justices (Justices Fuller and White) dissented, dashes to the ground all hope of a decision by the Supreme Court of the United States adverse to Sunday " laws." The fic-tion of Sunday sacredness has now received the seal of approval from the Supreme Court, for only on the supposition that it is a sacred day can Sunday labor or business be regarded as immoral; but it is on this very ground that the Supreme Court sustains not only the Georgia statute prohibiting the running of freight trains but the whole Georgia Sunday  " law" as well as the Sunday "laws" of all the States. The learned Justice delivering the opinion of the Court talks of the power of the State to fix a day of rest for all the people, and in-timates that the choice of Sunday was only incidental; but does anybody suppose that the Supreme Court would sustain a statute en-acted by any State which would undertake to stop interstate commerce upon any other day of the week than Sunda3? Suppose that Utah instead of being settled by Mormons had been colonized by Mohammedans, and. that they had passed a "law" prohibiting the running of freight trains on Friday, does anyone suppose for a moment that seven out of nine of our learned Supreme Court Jus-tices would have sustained the " law"? Does anyone suppose that a single justice could have been found to champion such a statute? Certainly not. We Have a Recognized Religion. The truth is that while it was the purpose of the founders of this Government to estab-lish on this continent a State without a Church, yea, even without any officially recognized religion, we have to-day and have long had a recognized religion, namely, Christianity, according to the general accep-tation of that term. President Washington declared that the Government of the United States was not in any sense founded upon the Christian religion, but a Supreme Court has arisen that knows not Washington. In 1892 it declared that this is "a Christian Nation," and found evidence of this in Colonial Char-ters and State Constitutions from the very beginning of our history to that very moment; and now in 1896 it is assumed that labor or business upon the " Christian sabbath " is immoral and therefore properly prohibited by the police power of the States! Leaves no Room to Doubt the Attitude of the Supreme Court on the Whole Question of Sunday Laws. It is true that no question was raised before the court upon the right of the individual to have and exercise his own individual con-science, being answerable only to God for the abuse of that privilege so long as in so doing the individual does not intrench upon the equal rights of others; but the opinion deliv-ered by Justice Harlan leaves no room to doubt what the decision would have been had the question been upon the right of a State to forbid private Sunday labor by the individual. The court has held that the guardianship of morals is within the legitimate police power of the State, and on this ground the court sus-tains the Sunday "law" of Georgia; it fol-lows that in the opinion of the learned jus-tices Sunday labor and business are immoral; and as before show nthat is the same thing as to hold that Sunday work is irreligious; for on no other possible grounds can it be held to be immoral. Every department of the Government is now fully committed to the support of the Sunday institution; but the Judiciary has gone further than either the Legislative or the Executive. Until now there has been a question whether Sunday legislation would be sustained by the Supreme Court; whether that tribunal would not hold it to be in vio-lation of the First Amendment; but that question is now settled. The Supreme Court has said that even though it be a religious institution, and even though religious con-victions are the potent influence in securing the legislation, it is within the legitimate power of legislatures and must be sustained as a  civil institution. Processes of the mind are alone free from governmental regulation; and religious liberty in the United States is only a name. McKINLEY ON SUNDAY LEGISLATION. UNDER the heading of "A Decided Opinion by Major McKinley," the New York Sun, of May 25, prints the following:Š At a meeting of the Brooklyn Philosophical Associ-ation yesterday afternoon, held in the Long Island Business College in that city, one of the speakers as-serted that her father had told her that Major William McKinley had once expressed to him a decided opin-ion, and this, too, at a time when he was running for governor: "I am," said Major McKinley to the lady's father, "in favor of Sunday legislation and a strict observ-ance of the Christian sabbath." Mr. McKinley's prominence in the presi-dential race makes this utterance especially significant. .e.Š THE CLIMAX APPROACHING. [Journal (New York), June 9.] THE awful tragedy that has been swiftly approaching its climax in Armenia during the past two years is likely to be finished, in one way or another, before the end of this year, or of the next at the latest. Either torture, outrage, degradation and massacre will have wiped out everything that makes the Armenian people worth persecuting, or some means of rescue will have been found. The hope of European armed intervention is practically extinct. Russia will not con-sent to a joint interference, and England is not sufficiently unselfish to invite her to in-terfere alone. Whatever is done for the sal-vation of the Armenians must be done by peaceful means. CONSCIENCE AND SABBATH. BY A. II. LEWIS, D. D. THE average American citizen has no conscience in the matter of Sabbath-obser-vance. The question has been so long treated as a subordinate one, and the human and utilitarian element has been made so prominent, that even religious men have little conscience in the matter. Customs and prevalent modes of teaching have com-bined to put Sabbath-observance outside the realm of religious duty, in a very large degree. The mere " rest-day " theory is a popular one, i. e., if body or brain need rest, it is well to rest. Upon this theory it is easy to invent methods of resting (?) which will gratify worldly tastes and desires, and be-numb conscience. Upon the same low plane is the average notion concerning church going and religious culture. Popular opinion says, if there be a service conveniently near, where mnsic and oratory will entertain one, it is a pleasant way of spending a part of a leisure day; but if the music be second class and the preaching common-place, there is little or no conscience to compel men even to attend ser-vice on their " rest-day." The " rest-day " theory does not necessarily, nor usually, in-volve the idea of sacred time, or of a divine obligation in the matter of Sabbath-keeping. The church and the pulpit are in no small degree responsible for this state of things. 