...41441 1040111101111.Moo (41 11111111111110111  lisamm0010011111,04110111N NI IiliiIIlII1 1111111 111.1 .iyi01111111011110.1400 II 114' 11100 11,110111111.1'gio ,f; Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas .7efferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, AUGUST 13, 1891. NUMBER 32. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW Wan. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO' T. JONES. AJ3SOCILATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. Mc IEEE. IN view of the demand that the State shall teach religion in the public schools, it is a pertinent question to ask, What kind of a religion ? This question is not always fairly answered by those who make the proposition. It is generally an-swered in a vague indeterminate way that leaves the question as much unanswered as before. It is sometimes answered, " The Christian Religion." But then the question still recurs, What kind of Chris-tian religion? Shall it be the Presbyterian Christian religion ? or the Methodist Christian religion ? or the Lutheran Chris-tian religion ? or the Roman Catholic Christian religion ? Which of these is it that shall be taught in the public schools? kr is a general fact that the moment theology allies itself with the State and commands its power, it becomes perse-cuting in respect to all who dissent from it, and that, too, whether it be pagan or Christian, Catholic or Protestant. His-tory paints this fact in lurid colors. Nor is there anything strange or unnat-ural in such a fact. It results from the very nature of the case. The theology of the State is a part of its organic or statute laiv, and, of course, it should be sustained by its authority and power. Heresy is, hence, a crime as really as murder, and as such it should be punished. So the State reasons, and that, too, correctly, provided we accept the doctrince of State theology. Catholic-States and Protestant States have reasoned in this way. What we call re-ligious persecution State theology calls  punishment to prevent crime. What we call religious liberty it calls a dangerous exercise of private judgment. Saul of Tarsus was a conscientious persecutor, re-garding himself as doing God service; and it is but just to say that State the-ologies have generally been conscientious in their deeds of murder and blood. They have not looked upon themselves as ruf-fians and outlaws, but rather as the con-servators of the divine honor and the true interests of souls. The thoughts of an after and a wiser age were not their thoughts when they trampled the relig-ious rights of men into the dust and shocked haven, if not earth, with their cruelties. Religious zeal misdirected is a terrible passion : and all State theologies, because administered by men, are apt to have this zeal.ŠRev. Dr. Spear. The King Case Again. As briefly noted on the last page of this paper last week, Judge Hammond, of the United States District Court, having dismissed the habeas corpus proceedings in behalf-of R. M. King, of Obion. County, Tennessee, and remanded him to the cus-tody of the sheriff.  of Obion County, the case will now probably go to the Supreme Court of the United States. King's of-fense was plowing corn on Sunday, after having observed the seventh day accord-ing to the fourth commandment. And the ground of his appeal to the Federal courts is that he is, by the Tennessee Sun-day law', deprived of rights guaranteed to citizens of the United States by the First and Fourteenth Amendments to the Fed-eral Constitution. If the First Amendment to the Con-stitution stood alone, there would be no ground of appeal on this point, because it simply forbids Congress to make any law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; but in that amendment there is no inhibition upon the States. The States are not for-bidden to do what Congress is there for-bidden to do. The powers not prohibited  to the States by the Constitution, are re-served to the States respectively or to the people, and as that amendment does not forbid the State to do thus, that power may be exercised by the State to any ex-tent. So far as this amendment goes in itself, any State in the Union might es-tablish any religion and forbid the exer-cise of any religion but that. But this amendment, taken in connection with the Fourteenth, assures perfect religious lib-erty to every citizen of the United States. The Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States estab-lished a new order of things under this Government. Before this amendment was adopted, there was priMarily no such thing as a citizen of the United States. Every person was a citizen of a State first, and 4 citizen of the United States only because he was a citizen of a State; but the adoption of that amendment made all persons born or naturalized within the United States, citizens of the United States, and of the several States in which they reside; so that now every person is a citizen of the United States first of all, and after that is a citizen of whatever State it may be in which he resides. The Fourteenth Amendment further says that " no State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or im-munities of citizens of the United States." Citizenship of the United States, there-fore, and the rights, privileges, and im-munities of persons as such, under this amendment take precedence of all the powers of the States. Under the First Amendment there is secured to all citizens of the United States perfect immunity from any form of oppression on account of religious convictions; because the power of the United States is positively forbidden to be exercised in any such way. And as, by this amendment, every citizen has per-fect immunity and privilege secured to him in the free exercise of his religious con-victions, and as by this amendment every State is absolutely prohibited from either making or enforcing any law abridging the privileges or immunities of citizens of 