282 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. brethren they had done it to him; and as they had not done these kindly charities to his brethren, so they had failed to do them to him. Those whom he addressed so tenderly, as the blessed of his Father, and to whom he gave the highest possible gift, had en-tertained an angel unawares. The others had entertained no angels except those who came to them well accredited, having the insignia of their rank, and carrying properly certified letters of credit showing their financial standing, and so intro-duced that there might be no mistake as to their social position. The one were the righteous and Christlike; the other were the unrighteous and unchristian. If this is a Christian Nation,Šif it can be a Christian Nation,Šwhich must it be, Christlike, or un-Christlike? If a nation can be Christian, when did this Nation show the most Christlikeness? When it opened its doors to the stranger and re-ceived him gladly, offering him, with a full hand, all the good things of the earth? Or when it closed its doors to some and strove to make it more difficult to others -to enter? Is it consistent to pro-fess both Christianity and un-Christlike-ness in the same testimony? Does not such inconsistency savor of hypocrisy? Is there that difference between the Chris-tianity of Christ and " American Chris-tianity?" Is there a new religion, and is the United States its prophet? as it forsaken the religion of unselfishness, and 'does it now profess the religion of selfish-ness, and has it christened this " Amer-ican. Christianity " and established Sun-day observance as its sign manual, obli-gatory upon the American citizen? All this bewildering maze of intricate inconsistencies which arise about these questions are significantŠof what? That this is not a Christian Nation. That there can be no such thing as a Christian Nation. That the whole idea as now taught is but the figment of a deluded imagination. There can be no Such thing as corporate religion. Religion, pure and undefiled, can never be anything but an individual experience. In that represen-tative government whose individual cit-izens have, in the greatest majority, a personal experience of the religion of Jesus Christ, there, civil equity will most abound, and will more and more abound. But in these United States under the hypocritical pretensions of a judicial pro-fession of religion it does, and will, less and less-abound. W. H. M. Are Sunday Laws a Civil Necessity. " To substitute a weekly holiday for the Sabbath," says the Examiner, of this city, "would be the most cruel wrong that could be done to the man who earns his daily brdad by daily labor. The Sabbath is a necessity to him, and whoever attacks it directly, or indirectly undermines it, is the laboring man's enemy, however he dis-guises himself." " To substitute a holiday for the Sab-bath " would be an impossibility with any man who really keeps a Sabbath; for he would accept no such substitution. But if the individual desires a holiday instead of a Sabbath nothing can prevent him from having it. This our contemporary admits when. it says:Š There is a constant tendency towards the in-crease of unnecessary labor. This is due to the growing custom of making Sunday a holidayŠa day for junketing and visiting and merry-making.  So far as this concerns the merrymakers alone, the State has no cause to interfere; it is a moral question for each person to settle with his own con-science and with God. But when the Sunday holi-day begins to nullify the Sunday rest day, the State may and should interfere. Its interference should be solely to protect all classes of citizens in their right to a day of rest. The only question, especially, in cities, is, whether Sunday, for that is the day that all the agitation is about, shall be a day of devotion and of refreshing rest, or of comparatively innocent pleasure and Ł physical recreation, or one of vicious idle-ness. If, as our contemporary intimates ought to be the case, excursions to the country, and all other avenues of pleasure requiring the employment of labor should be closed, the day would be, for the most part, one of vicious idleness with all but the comparatively small minority 'who re-gard and keep it as a Sabbath. For if people who are confined to the office, the shop, or the factory, six days are com-pelled to remain in the city on Sunday, and are not inclined to go to church, they will resort to the saloons or to worse places; and if these are closed, as they never all are, people will resort to dissi-pation in their own homes; for idleness, unless sanctified by the inluences of re-ligion, inevitably breeds vice. Continu-ing, the Examiner says:Š Consider what would be, the lot of vast classes of working people with fifty-two holidays a year and never a day of. rest. That one part of the people may play another must work. To cater to the de-mands of the merry-makers, thousands must find Sunday the most laborious day of the seven, in-stead of the most restful. This is true already of employees of horse-car and railway and steam-boat companies, of hotel and restaurant keepers, of policemen. How long will it be before Sunday labor becomes general if present legal restraints are ignored or repealed ? As a matter of fact there are compar-atively few people who do not, or at least who may not, have regular days of rest if they so desire, Railroad and other em-ployees who work on Sunday, are, with few exceptions, given some other day in the week for rest. And it is a rare thing to find a laboring man broken in health from having insufficient time for rest. Improper living, dissipation, unsanitary surroundings, etc., destroy thousands; and yet on the whole while " holidayism " has been supplanting in a measure, at least, the better form of Sunday observ-ance in this country, the average of hu-man life has increased instead of decreased as one would be led to expect that it would have been by the theories of those who assume that stated weekly rest is a physical necessity. THE PEOPLE WILL TAKE REST. The fact is that while real regard for sacred things is on the decrease, and while this naturally leads to holidayism instead of Sabbath keeping, the tendency of the times is toward fewer hours of labor and larger opportunities for rest and recrea-tion than formerly, and Sunday lals -are not needed to enable the mass OF the people to secure the physical benefits to be derived from this state of affairs. And to force upon people the benefits of re-ligion is both improper and impracticable. The people will take all the physical rest that they need and desire, but it is impossible to force upon them the spirit-ual rest which alone constitutes Sabbath observance. California has no Sunday law, and for this reason is an excellent illustration of the ability and willingness of the people to regulate for themselves the matter of  Sunday rest. The facts as stated by the friends of Sunday themselves show that Sunday observance has actually improved in that State since the repeal of the Sun-day law. In 1885 Rev. W. F. Crafts published his book, " The Sabbath for Man," in which he relates that in order to obtain a world-wide view of Sabbath observance he corresponded with more than two hun-dred persons residing in nearly every na-tion of the world. One of the questions which he asked was:Š Where have you seen the best Sabbath observ-ance To this, a San Francisco pastor re-sponded :Š Among the Christian people of California. Mr. Crafts' question and the San Fran-cisco pastor's answer to it are found on page 95 of his book before referred to. On the preceding page occur these words :Š Both laymen and ministers say that even in Cali-fornia, the Sabbath is, on the whole, better observed and Christian services better attended than five years ago. " Five years ago," from the standpoint of 1885, was three years before the repeal of the California Sunday law. Therefore, taking into consideration all that Mr. Crafts said upon this subject, we con-clude that according to testimony pub-lished in his own book, California had in 1885, when the State had been without a Sunday law for two years, better and more general Sunday observance than it had under a Sunday law. And that Mr. Crafts meant to convey the idea that there had been a general improvement in California, in the matter of Sunday keeping, is further evident from the fact that the quotations which we have made from his book, are pref-aced with the following, set in italics:Š Another element of hope in the United States is that the West has improved in Sabbath observance (except in the largest cities), as the communities have changed from frontier Territories into settled States. Then, after only four and one-half lines relative to Dakota and Wyoming, follows the statement quoted, that "both laymen and ministers say that even in California the Sabbath is, on the whole, better ob-served, and Christian services better at-tended, than five years ago." This Mr. Crafts gives in his book as an encouraging fact. A residence of seven years in Cal-ifornia'  six years of which were spent in one of the largest cities of the State, jus-tifies the writer in saying that the facts are about as " both laymen and minis-ters " have stated them. And with this agrees also " Holloway," a correspondent of the New York Observer, who, in a let-ter in that paper, dated October 2, 1890, said of Sunday in San Francisco:Š True, there are some drawbacks here as there are in all the cities of our land. Attractive as the city is, and in its main features very desirable as a place of residence, yet the good people who have come from the East regret the absence of some things with which they have always been familiar. There are no Sabbath laws in California and no recognition of it on the statute books of the State. Labor of all kinds can be carried on without hindrance, stores may remain open for the transaction of business as on any other day of the week, places of amusement may be open without interference from the author-ities, while noisy demonstrations can go on as usual. But while there is the absence of all Sunday laws we must not draw the conclusion that there is no respect paid to the Lord's day. Truth compels us to state the fact that San Francisco is a Sabbath keeping city. The drift is plainly in that direction. The moral sentiment of the people is largely in its favor, and with very rare exceptions you will find as much order and quiet in the streets as in some of 