THE AMERICA.-  N INEL,. 373 tide between the Christian and the atheist, it has an equal right to decide between the several sects of Christians, and there is no place to stop short Of the Papacy. - Rowdyism should be prohibited on all days; but immorality, unless carried to the point of in-civility, does net come within the purview of hus  'Inanlaws. Probably, however, by "immorality" the Press means only such things as might prop-erly be forbidden by civil law, that is, things which hi their very nature are uncivil. His Own Definition. "OUT OF THE FOG," M. A. G. lifts his voice to say, " Each of the ten commandments is a civil law;" We would like to ask how civil govern-ment can enforce the commandment, "Thou shalt not covet-"? Civil government-  deals with the actions of men. It cannot touch the thoughts; but every one of the ten commandments reach the thoughts. He who hates his brother is a murderer. 1 John 3:15. To lust is to break ,the seventh commandment. Matt. 5 : 28. With the mind we keep the law of God. Rom. 7 : 25. Unless civil government by torture or some simi-' lar means can wrench from the unwilling mind its most secret thought, it cannot enforce the moral law. He who proposes that the ten commandments be enforced by our government, in other words, that man shall stand in the place of God to execute his laws, proposes the establish-ment of an American papacy, and must logically insist upon the re-establishment of the holy Inquisition, with its rack and thumb-screw. If the _ten commandments is the civil law, 'will our brother tell us what is the ecclesiastical law ? He says, " Ecclesiastical law pertains to the doctrines, worship, and government of the church; these are never to be enforced by the civil penalties 'and laws of the State." We ask if Sunday keeping is not a doctrine of the church ? Then, according to the quotation above, it can never be enforced by civil penalties. But Brother Gault wishes to have Sunday laws enforced. Thus, according to his ombn definition of a union of Church and State, he is in favor of it. He says "the ten commandments was the civil constitution Christ gave the nation of Israel," and advocates the adoption of the same constitution for our nation. But Israel was a theocracyŠa union of Church and State. Then again we ask if Brother Gault is not in faVor of a union of Church and State? The only difference between Israel's theocracy and the one proposed by M. A. G. is that the government of Israel was a God-made theocracy, but the one he proposes will be a man-made theocracy. Our government punishel mur-der, not because it is irreligious, but because it is uncivil. Webster's definition of civil is, "Per-taining to a city or State, or a citizen in his rela-tion to his fellow-citizens or to the State." The definition ,of religion is, "The recognition of God as an object of worship, love, and obedience." With these definitions it is clearly seen that civil government can never make or enforce religious laws.Š W., in Prohibition Journal. ŁI . 4' A TORONTO (Canada) dispatch of the 14th ult. . says:Š " The Baptist congress to-day discussed Sabbath ob-servance. The trend of thought was very liberal. It waS contended by many speakers that the solution of the problem of how best to achieve Sabbath ob-servance is found in the amelioration of the condition -Of the masses in. Cities. Sunday street-cars, news-papers, and railway travel were all condemned." Toronto now has, it is said, the most stringent Sunday laws of any city on- this continent, and  we can't see what More the friends of that day want unless indeed it is a law compelling people to go to church; and without street-cars how can many of them go? Possibly, however, if they have not Sunday papers to read, time would hang so .heavily on their hands that they would be willing to walk over long distances to hear preach-ing. Mrs. Bateham and the Sunday News-Papers. THE regular services at Dr. Goodwin's church Sunday last were diversified by a discourse from Mrs. Josephine C. Bateham, of Columbus, Ohio, on the question of Sunday Observance. Mrs. Bateham, in-the course of her declamation, picked out the Sunday newspaper, made Saturday, as the arch-agency which fills the home "with worse than demoralizing thoughts and influences," and demanded that it be "stamped out of existence." Upon this point the secular Tribune would reason a little with Mrs. Bateham. If Mrs. Bateham desires to " stamp the Sun-day paper out of existence" there is but one way in which she has any right to do the stamping. Mrs. Bateham may exercise her authority in her own home. She may forbid her husband to take the Sunday paper. This she may doŠif she can. She can gather her sons together, if she has any, and coerce them to the same extent, and if her authority is as complete as it should be, and the family has been kept in the proper subjection, she will succeed in banishing the Sunday paper from.  the Bateham house. She also has the right to go to other women and induce them to exercise their rights as family bosses, and to the extent that the Sunday paper is suppressed the degree of discipline which their families are under w:11 be demonstrated. To this extent Mrs. Bateham has the undoubted right to go in "Stamping the SUnday paper out of existence," but no farther. She has no authority to use carnal weapons-in her warfare in Order to inaugurate a more somber course of reading on Sunday. So far as her own family is concerned her limitations are clearly de-fined. But' there is nothing in the Constitution or laws which forbids a man from reading a news-paper Sunday. She has neither divine right nor constitutional right nor any other right to enforce any regulation on people outside of her own household with regard to Sunday newspapers. If she has authority enough to coerce her hus-band and sons, and influence enough to induce other women to boss their husbands and sons, that is her privilege. There are some women in Chicago who share Mrs. Bateham's sentiments. ' If they can coerce their husbands and sons, that is their right. But there are 200,000 men of adult age here in Chicago, and almost as many women, who want to read the Sunday papers, and will insist on the privilege. How are they to be prevented ? and who will do it ?ŠChicago Trib- une. - THE following, from the California Prohibition-ist of August, is sensible :Š " If Cincinnati wants to settle the contest with the saloons in the easiest manner, let her close the sa-loons every day in the week as well as Sunday. 'There is no sense in allowing the traffic six days in which to get up muscle with which to fight the law on the seventh." It is refreshing to find a Prohibition organ that is consistent on this point. There is really no more relation between Sunday law4 and Prohibi-tion than Sunday laws and tariff reform. We are glad to find our contemporary a .consistent ProhibitionistŠSigns of the Times. Toleration and Liberty. AN edict or act of toleration is a grant of the civil government, which authorizes religious societies dissenting from the State religion to worship according to the dictates of conscience without liability to persecution. Such an edict always presupposes a religion established by law and supported by the State, and the right of the State to control public worship. Toleration may proceed from necessity, or from prudence, or from indifference, or from liberality and an en-larged view of truth and right. It may be ex-tended or withdrawn by the government; but it is usually the entering wedge for religious liberty and legal equality. There is a wide difference between toleration and liberty. The one is a concession, the other a right; the one is a matter of expediency, the other a principle; the one is a gift of man, the other, a gift of God. Toleration implies more or less censure or dis-approval. We tolerate or endure what we dis-like but cannot prevent. The most despotic governments are tolerant towards subjects who are too numerous or too useful to be killed or ex-iled. Russia tolerates Romanists, Prote3tants, Jews, and Mohammedans; Turkey tolerates "Chris-tian dogs," and likes them to prey upon each other;  , but woe to him in either country who apostatizes from the State religion, or attempts to induce any member of the same to apostasy.. Toleration is first sought and granted as a favor, then de-manded and conceded as a right, and at last spurned as an insult. " In a free country nobody wants to be tolerated for his religious opinions or sacred convictions. Religious liberty is a natural, fundamental, anti inalienable right of every man. It is founded in the sacredness of conscienee, which is the voice of God in man, and above the reach and control of human authority. There is a law above all human laws. It is written not on parchment and tables of stone, but on the heart of man by the finger of God. It is that law which commands with the categorical imperative, and which filled the philosopher Kant with ever-growing rever-ence and awe. "We must obey God more than man." He and he alone is the author and lord of conscience, and no power Łon earth has a right to interpose itself between them. "Every man stands or falls to his own lord." Liberty of con-science requires liberty of worship as its mani-festation. To grant the former and to deny the latter is to imprison conscience and to promote hypocrisy or infidelity. Religion is in its nature voluntary, sand ceases to be religion in propor-tion as it is forced. God wants free worshipers, and no others. Toleration is an intermediate state between re; ligious persecution and religious liberty. Perse-cution results from the union of Church and State; toleration, from a relaxation of that un-ion; full religious liberty and legal equality require a peaceful separation of the spiritual and secular powers. The theory of medieval Europe was- intoler-ance and persecution; the theory of modern Eu-rope is toleration; the theory of North America is religious liberty and equality. The Papal Church is constitutionally exclusive, and intoler-ant, and treats every departure from it as dam-nable heresy and schism. On the Continent a distinction is made between official churches and tolerated sects; in England, between the estab-lished churches and societies of dissenters. In 