AMERICAN SENTINEL. 231 prosecuting such wars as are now raging. Third, and finally, it should never be forgotten that neither Eng-land nor America is fighting against heathenism, for whatever may be said against Filipino or Boer, it will be impossible to convince many people that an army which halts before battle to offer prayer to God, or which hastens to render thanksgiving at that battle's close, is an object of God's displeasure; and a race which is essentially ChristianŠCatholic Christian, but so far 'Christian as to throw off the Catholic yoke, as Filipinos have done repeatedlyŠcannot be wholly bereft of God's favor. "Whatever of truth there may be in these reflections, this much, to us at least, seems evident: that by reason of these two wars, the rulers at Washington and Lon-don have placed the Anglo-Saxon race in a compromis-ing position and have turned back the hands on the dial of progress at least a hundred years. Hereafter, and for a long time to come, any claim that America and England are God's chosen means for accomplishing the-purpose of his gospel will meet with the same smile of disgust and contempt which the title of Spain's ty-rant Philip provoked when he called himself 'Most Christian majesty and protector of the faith.' The two most Christian nations are making Christianity every-where synonomous with perfidy and greed." Good Doctrine. "Vulcan Times." ONE of the objections which this paper urges against what is termed the "National Reform" movement, which proposes to have church people run politics, and none but professed Christians put in office, is that such an arrangement is bound to interfere with the rights of conscience of the individual. Religion in politics leads to the Inquisition, to Torquemeda. One of the chief expounders of this new doctrine thus pretends to dis-pose of the above objection, which he stigmatizes as a "high sounding claim." "What are meant by rights of conscience? and what is an infringement of them? Has any citizen a right of conscience to object to the Thanksgiving proclamation by our President and State governor? Has he a right of conscience to object to the employment at Govern-ment expense of Christian ministers to pray in Congress or State legislatures? A certain citizen doesn't believe in these things: must they be abandoned as an infringe-ment of his rights? The name of God in our State con-stitutions offends him: is this an infringement of his rights of conscience?" At the risk of being the target for some of the epi-thets which the writer of the above proceeds to apply to those who disagree with him, we will say that we object to all of the above. Thanksgiving proclamations may be seemingly innocent of themselves, but once ad-mit the principle of the right of the Government to even suggest in religious matters and you have the entering  wedge of church and state. And who that has witnessed the unseemly scramble, lobbying and wire pulling among the clergy at the opening of a session of the legislature to see which one of them shall obtain the coveted three-dollar-a-day job of opening each session with "prayer" has been otherwise than disgusted with religion as thus manifested? And a statute that imposes such things upon an agnostic clearly interferes with the rights of conscience. We beg to call the attention of the "National Re-former" to a truth which they have temporarily lost sight of, and that is that an infidel has as many rights in this country as the Christian, and to tax him to sup-port chaplains, or to force him to sit and hear them in our legislative halls is clearly an imposition upon him and an infringement of his rights. Christ reasoned and plead with humanity but never used force, or called to his aid the civil law. Said he, "If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." Would that his pretended followers would really follow him, and do the same. A New Calendar Proposed by Russia. As HAS been announced, Russia is about to drop the old Julian calendar to which she has held hitherto in divergence from the practise of other lands, but she looks askance at the Gregorian calendar which the other nations use, declaring that it also is seriously defective, and that a new one altogether is needed. A New York paper says:Š "Russia proposes to the world to abolish both the Julian and the Gregorian calendar. In the month just closed the Russian calendar dropped one more day be-hind that of the Western church, thus making a differ-ence of thirteen instead of twelve days, which has pre-vailed between the two throughout this century. The difference has been more and more of a nuisance in proportion as Russia's commercial and other relations to Western Europe have increased. The Julian calen-dar, to which the Russian church and state adheres, is a pagan calendar. The commission appointed by order of the czar, under the direction of the Russian Astro-nomical Society, assisted by representatives of the dif-ferent ministries and learned bodies, unanimously agree that the defects of this Julian calendar are such as to require reform, but they consider the Gregorian calendar Šwhich we useŠas almost equally erroneous, and can not accept it. Several times it has been rejected, the last time in 1830 by Czar Nicholas I. This astronom ical commission has perfected an entirely new calendar, in which common years have exactly three hundred and sixty-five days and leap years three hundred and sixty-six days. It is claimed that the new system is so near to the real solar year that not more than one day's difference can occur in .a hundred thousand years. If Russia adopts it and the Protestant states of the West will not, Russia will be one day in advance now, and two days in advance from 1920 inclusive." 