AMERICAN SENTINEL. 19,, The church people, on the other hand, did not organize their vote. Less than two weeks ago the matter of en-tirely closing the saloons was forced upon them. For four years, sustained part of the time by a sabbath-closing association of which the active Dr. Rader was the head, they have made an aggressive campaign in favor of Sunday closing. Toward this end they had labored and felt certain of success. They had thoroughly can-vassed the city and a large majority were in favor of dosing the open saloons on the sa.bba.th. All the church people and the Christian Endeavorers, who represent a, large body of the voters, are confident that Sunday closing would have carried by a big majority.' "Who, then, we ask, is responsible for the defeat of true temperance in Oakland ?ŠClearly it is the men who favor Sunday-closing of saloons, and of every other place of business as soon as they can stir up the intolerant sentiment to that extent. They have again demon-strated that their anti-saloon cry in the past was simply using the saloon as a fulcrum over which they could rest their lever for prying enforced Sunday abserŁvance into public favor. Our estimate of the Sunday-closing move-ment has been again verified, and we trust that the peo-ple who have been deceived by it heretofore will hereafter he able to view it in its true light." A Christian Government. BY M. E. KELLOGG. A NOTE in the Union Signal, organ of the W. C. T. U., says that laborŁ leaders, as well as our mission work-ers, recognize that the great stumbling block in the way of temperance reform in heathen lands, as well as in our own, is the attitude of Christian governments toward the liquor traffic." Ł What is that attitude? Quite generally it is an atti_ tude of favor and protection. Indeed, this is what the Signal complains of. But is such a course Christian? Is it in harmony with the teachings of Christ and the general tenor of the Scriptures?ŠNo, indeed, it is dia-metrically opposed to Christianity. Drunkenness is one of the works of the flesh, and those who are devoted to it "shall not inherit the kingdom of God." The heirs of God, and joint heirs with Christ, inherit the kingdom; but drunkards are disqualified by spiritual law from the inheritance. The kingdoms of, this world receive drunk-ards into the highest offices, and also make laws regu-latingŠnot preventingŠthe sale of liquor. Another note in the same paper refers to "the very stronghold of the rŁum powerŠthe government itself." The government the stronghold of the rum power, and still a Christian government! When the course pursued by governments in this, as in many other things, is so contrary to Christianity, how can anyone have the ef-frontery to call them Christian governments? Can a man who dabbles in the liquor traffic be a Christian?ŠNo, indeed. Neither can a government which does the same be a Christian government. Ł National Reformers, and the W. C. T. U., which affili- -ates with them, take a special delight in speaking of our  Government as though it were a person, had a conscience, and must be regarded as Christian or unchristian ac-cording to its public acts in reference to the Christian religion. If this were so, the Government should be judged Christian or unchristian by the same rule by which a man is judged, that is, its works. Measured by this rule, can if be said that govern-ments are Christian governments, whose actions in regard to aŠhundred things, including temperance, are so un-christian,Šwhich are really great corporations for selfish purposes, which go to war for selfish ends, and which discriminate in every possible way against the people of other countries for the same selfish purpose? The idea. is preposterous. A government may through its representatives make a profession of religion; yes, of the Christian religion.. But unless it were better than any existing government. it would in reality be a better representation of a slightly convicted sinner, or a backslidden professor, than it would be of a real Christian. When a government shall exist in the world for Christian purposes and Christian ends; not seeking its own but the good of others; mani-festing in government affairs the same spirit that a Christian is required to manifest in his private business; which, when it is reviled, will not revile again; when it is smitten by some other nation on one government cheek. will turn the otherŁ also,Šthen we will listen with more patience to the plea that there may be such a thing as a Ł Christian government. But until that time we shall deny that such a thing as a Christian government exists: Christianity has enough to bear -from unchristian Christians, without its being compelled to sustain the shame of Christian governments, so-called, by,urithinking religious enthusiasts who forget that nations, as well as — men, may steal the livery of the court of heaven, that . they may better serve self and Satan. a A WRITER in the March numbe-rŁ, of The Defender, organ of the New England Sabbath Protective League, sees in the desecration of Sunday, the coming enslave-ment of all labor. He says:Š " If men must work that the proprietors Łof Sunday newspapers, the owners of railroads, the managers of places of, amusement, liquor sellers, etc., may get rich, what is to prevent the early and complete enslavement of all labor? As sure as the sun rises in the heavens from day to day, one result of the fearful sweeping away of the anchorage of Sunday sanctity and rest now wit-nessed will be the compulsory labor of many helpless toilers on Sunday, when the clouds of commercial depres-sion are again lifted." Nevertheless it is a fact that the hours of labor per day for most employes are much shorter now than they were a generation in the past, and the tendency of the times under the influence of the labor organizations, is toward a still further shortening of the period of daily toil. This is undeniably true, and it is a very distorted view of the situation which fails to recognize it. 