AMERICAN SENTINEL. _ 233 said annually by the monks of :.1Iunster in that romantic Munsterthal so familiar to all English visitors to Basle. In payment for the mass the Canton of Lucerne used to give the monks 520 fishes yearly out of the Sempach Lake. But ever since 1875 the economical Cantonal govern-ment has declined to provide the fishes. The monks have accordingly brought an action to recover their piscato-rial arrears. If they win they will have ample provision for all their fast days for many a month to come; but if they lose what will become of the souls of the Austrians? As the latter are principals in the arrangement, it is to be hoped that the judge who tries the suit will cite them to appear in court and plead their claims." 0 .4 -4 Legislation to Regulate Marriage. THAT tendency which is so common among people of this day to meddle in the personal affairs of their neigh-bors, and to seek to regulate the same bylaw,Šas if there were in legislation a panacea for all evils, real or sup-posedŠis illustrated by a bill lately introduced in Con-gress by a representative from Ohio. It is the same spirit which prompts the efforts to regulate personal conduct by Sunday laws. The New York Christian Advocate takes note of this proposed measure and makes the following pertinent comments thereon, under the head "Microscopic Legislation":Š "A representative from the State of Ohio has intro-duced a bill in the Legislature, which seeks to prescribe who shall and who shall not marry. The measure pro-vides for a State Board of three managers, to be ap-pointed by the Government, and a member in each county appointed by the Probate Court. Under this bill, if it becomes a law, the parties who make application for a marriage license will be required to submit to a physical and mental examination by the board of the county in which they live. The examination will touch the following subjects: Strong tendencies of the applicants to hereditary insanity, habitual drunkenness, criminal record, tendency toward crime or a liability to inherit a criminal inclina-tion, imbecility, mental or physical constitutional dis-eases that might be transmitted to the progeny, skin, blood diseases, etc. The presence of any of these diseases, or the discovery of hereditary liability to them, will bar the applicant from the right to marry. "Is not this list somewhat defective? Should there not be a careful examination as to whether there is any strong hereditary tendency to Protestantism, Roman Catholicism, or Mormonism; whether there is a tendency in the family to borrow money without any probability of paying it; whether any person stutters or stammers, or any of the family for three generations has done so? Is it not desir ble that the County Board should decide whether the family has an hereditary tendency to what is known as 'quick temper' or 'to answer back;' whether the persons applying have come of a family using tobacco or excessively inclined to drink strong coffee or tea, and it night be well to add, whether the pedigree craze has struck them? And as it is well known that snoring and al\o a bad breath have separated thousands of ardent lo rs and produced no end of domestic trouble, the should be instructed to pay special attention to hese things. Some provision also should be made  to examine the board, for it is obvious that if any mem-ber of it has 'a liability to inherit a criminal inclination,' he would be prejudiced and might corrupt the rest of the board, and forbid a worthy person to marry on account of the prejudices of those interested to secure a denial of the application." IN lamenting the loss of the "Puritan Sabbath" Dr. Leonard Woolsey Bacon truly says:Š "The law of the Westminster divines on this subject, it may be affirmed without fear of contradiction from any quarter, does not coincide in its language with the law of God as expressed either in the Old Testament or in the New. The Westminster rule requires, as if with a `Thus saith the Lord,' that on the first day of the week, instead of the seventh, men shall desist not only from labor, but from recreation, and spend the whole time in the public and private exercises of God's worship, except so much-as is to be taken up in the works of necessity and mercy. Westminster Shorter Catechism, Ans. 60. This interpre-tation and expansion of the fourth commandmAnt has never attained to more than a sectarian and provincial authority; but the over-mastering Puritan influence, both of Virginia and New England, combined with the Scotch Irish influence, made it for a long time dominant in America." It is high time that a religious thing that has no authority either in the Old Testament or the New, and which rested only upon overmastering Puritan influence, were repudiated forever. Such a thing deserves only to be lost forever. The Plainfield Sunday Ordinance Analyzed. Tan impropriety and injustice of the Plainfield, N. J., Sunday-closing ordinance, under which a crusade is now being conducted, is well set forth in the following contrib-uted by Dr. A. H. Lewis, a prominent Seventh-day Bap-tist of that place, to a Plainfield journal:Š "Since the city of Plainfield has announced its deter-mination to stop all Sunday selling, it will be well to get a correct idea of the situation. Carbone's case is the first under the ordinance, and as it is to go to the Supreme Court for review, much may be involved. The ordinance under consideration is eminently religious. It makes two or more distinct religious tests. It forbids nothing which is criminal in itself. The acts prohibited are necessary and commendable on all days except Sunday. According to the ordinance when the clock strikes twelve, and Sun-day comes into legal existence, time is sacred and selling is criminal. Thus, certain particular twenty-four hours in each week are sanctified by the city of Plainfield and `secular' business becomes a crime. When the clock strikes twelve twenty-four hours later, time is no longer sacred and men may resume secular affairs without feat of punishment. The ordinance creates crime and inflicts punishment 'on the basis of a legally sacred period of time. "Next, it creates an arbitrary standard of righteous-ness by declaring that the man who chooses to regard another twenty-four hours in each week as sacred time, boa both 