478 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. for the observance of simply a seventh part of time; but they ought to be able to see that such a theory does not help them any as against seventh-day observers. Saturday is one-seventh part of time just as much as Sunday is. There-fore, if they propose to legislate in harmony with the fourth commandment, and they say that that commandment requires simply the observance of a seventh part of time, without specifying which day, they stultify themselves whenever they at-tempt to enforce their definite Sunday law upon seventh-day people. . We have a stronger charge yet to bring against them. Out of their own mouth we will convict them of doing th.e very thing which the apostle Paul charges upon the "man of sin " in 2 Thess. 2:4. They say that God has not specified the exact day that is to be observed, but that he sim-ply requires an indefinite seventh part of time, and they propose to go beyond him and require all men to observe the same time, and they specify the first day of the week. Now if they believe Ł the theory which they put forth concerning the commandment, then they are exalting themselves above God. They say that God left the com-mandment indefinite. Now if that is so he must have had a reason for it. What reason have they to say that his reason is not a good one ? What right have they to attempt an improvement upon his commandment? They must stand con-victed of the grossest presumption. We would advise them not to meddle with the affairs of God, but to leave his commandment as he left it. "As the majority of Christians have taken the first day of the week, it is better that we all should observe it," says Mr. Shepard. Who are the " we " to whom he refers? He cannot include all creation in that word. He was speaking to a company who already observe the first day of the week. Of course if they think it is better for them to observe the first day, they are at perfect liberty to do so. Rut that does not prove any-thing in regard to those who do not think it is better to observe the first day of the week. His theory of the fourth commandment leaves every-one to choose his own time, only so he is sure to, take a seventh ; and his statement that it is better to observe the first day because the majority of Christians observe that day, shows that he, does not pretend to have any authority for the observance of Sunday other than custom ; and yet he pro-poses to force others to follow his custom, for which he acknowledges that he has no authority. What more than this is needed to show that this Sunday-law movement has its origin in selfish bigotry and the spirit of Papal assumption? E. J. w. Bad Logic. A CI cAGo clergyman preached a sermon re-cently on " Sunday Base-ball," from which we get the following :-- "To play base-ball on Sunday leads to every sin under heaven. Did Daniel Webster play ball on Sunday ? Did he read the Sunday newspapers? ŠNo. He , staid at hOme and read his Bible. Think of it If Sunday base-ball had been played in Webster's time perhaps Webster would have been dragged into it. How that great man would have deteriorated if he had played base-ball. He would have sunk into oblivion." To which the Evening News snakes the sub-joined reply :Š " We have no desire to defend the playing of base-ball on Sunday. It is a reprehensible prac- tice at best, and as practiced by the Kansas City nine it is disappointing as well. But somehow the method employed by this Chicago parson to demonstrate the impropriety of Sunday base-ball is not altogether satisfactory. We hate bad logic as much as the reverend gentleman abhors false doctrine, heresy, and schism, and with all due re-spect for the cloth, his argument smacks of bad logic. "Daniel Webster never played ball on Sunday, therefore base-ball on. Sunday is the acme of wickedness. Well, let's carry the argument to its logical conclusion. Webster never willingly paid his debts, therefore the paying of debts leads to evil. Webster had a prejudice against going to bed sober, ergo sobriety is the bane of human ex-istence." "Sunday a Day of Deviltry." SUNDAY evening, May 19, the Kings County Sunday Association held its seventh anniversary in Hanson Place M. E. Church, Brooklyn, New York. There were several addresses made, one by Mr. Elliott F. Shepard, president of the Na-tional Sunday Union. The annual report of the association, and Mr. Shepard's speech, are given in the Pearl of Days column of the New York Mail and Express, of May 24, 1889. The speeches furnish some very interesting matter, which we shall have occasion to notice at differ-ent times in the columns of the SENTINEL. One of the points is contained in the statement by the secretary of the Kings County Association, that in Queens County "Sunday is a day of deviltry." How can Sunday ever be anything else than a day of deviltry to those who are not religious, so long as they are compelled to be idle on that day? Satan finds something for idle hands to do, and when men are forced to be idle, they are going to fill up the time some way ; and as they have not that regard for religion which will lead them to fill up the time with worship and devotional thought or exercises, it is inevitable that the time will be filled with worldly things; and as the law will not allow them to work, nor to play harmless games, even though they be worldly, no result can follow but that the time will be filled with deviltry, because by this sys-tem they are thrown back upon themselves for re-sources with which to fill the time, and from him-self no ungodly man can ever get anything but ungodliness, and ungodliness is deviltry. But this association, and the Sunday-law workers everywhere, propose to cure the deviltry by more stringent laws for the enforcement of idleness out of which the deviltry comes. Another statement in the same line was made, that "drunkenness and public disorder are alto-gether too common on Sunday." This is entirely true, and for the reason, as stated above, that on Sunday people are compelled to be idle. They are not allowed to work, they are not allowed to play, consequently drunkenness and public dis-order are the only outcome from those who have not the disposition to worship and make the day one of devotion. Then in the next sentence the association innocently inquires, "If open saloons and the Sunday liquor traffic do not cause them [drunkenness and public disorder] what do?" Well, that open saloons and the Sunday liquor traffic do not cause them is certain, because there are open saloons and liquor traffic in full blast all the other days of the week, more than on Sunday, if there is any difference; and yet there is more drunkenness and public disorder on Sun- day than on any other day of the week. These are facts admitted by Sunday-law workers themselves. Therefore, the increased amount of drunkenness and disorder on Sunday is not because of the open saloons, but because of the idleness. To put it somewhat in the form of a syllogism, it would be about as follows : More saloons are open every other day of the week, when men are allowed to work, than on Sunday. There is more drunkenness on Sunday, when men are compelled to be idle, than on any other day of the week. Therefore, the increased amount of drunkenness, and disorder on Sunday is due to the fact that more people are idle on that day than on any other. The Sunday-law makers can never escape this logical conclusion from their own premises. They propose to escape it by shutting the saloons al-together on Sunday; but that will not help the matter a particle, because those who want to drink will buy their whisky Saturday night and drink it on Sunday. There is another piece of unfairness that comes in right here, illustrated by an actual. occurrence. In a certain town where the saloons were shut on Sunday only, a woman whose husband was given to drink stated that her lot was actually worse than when the saloons were open on Sunday; for when the saloon was open on Sunday he would get drunk at the sa-loon, and the saloon keeper and his other com-panions had to care for him till he got sober; but when the saloons were closed on Sunday, then he would bring the whisky home on Saturday night, get drunk on Sunday, and she had to take care of him till he got sober. This point is worth considering by the would-be Sunday prohibition-ists. Others again propose to cure the evil by a Sat-urday half holiday; that is, by enforcing idleness an extra half day. Is this so as to give those who drink ample time to get drunk and sober up in time for their Sunday worship ? The whole system of Sunday laws, that is, of enforced idle- ness, is only one of iniquity. A. T. J. Mr. Crafts Still against Facts. THE Missionary Weekly of May 9, published in Richmond, Va., contains a.  labored article from Wilbur F. Crafts, in which he says :Š " Let it be understood once for all by your readers that neither Senator Blair nor the petitioners referred to are seeking to compel `anyone to be religious' The petitioners are simply asking for a supplement to the State Sunday laws to give Sunday rest, like that which most of us enjoy through State legislation, to those who are under the exclusive jurisdiction of Congress. "The Constitution protects the President in his right to Sunday rest by giving him ten days, ex-clusive of Sunday, to consider the bills sent to him for approval. The Sunday-Rest .law simply calls for the extension of this presidential monopoly to all who are under the control of the general Government in this matter." Of course all who are acquainted with the facts in the case will know that in writing thus Mr. Crafts has (to put it mildly) not stated the matter fairly. That which he and his co-labor-ers are seeking to accomplish must be determined, not by what they say but by what they do. The SENTINEL has several times published the Sun-day-Rest bill introduced by Senator Blair and indorsed by Mr. Crafts and the American Sab-bath Union, and all who have read it know full well that when anyone says that its only object was to secure to Government employes the right to rest on Sunday he does not state 