346 AMERICAN SENTINEL. The Post-Office and Sunday Closing in Arizona. Flagstaff, Arizona, May 18, 1899. EDITOR AMERICAN SENTINEL: Arizona is not noted for being over-religious, yet there are occasionally straws which show which way the wind is blowing. Ever since coming here the middle of last January I have no-ticed that the leading minister of one church could be seen most any Sunday morning with the crowd at the post office for his mail. A few Sundays ago he preached on Sabbath observance, and among other interesting topics told his hearers how the Lord commanded in the olden times that a man should be put to death for pick-ing up sticks on Sunday. He did not spare the ball-players, and between the morning and evening service some one told him he did worse every Sunday than to play ball. He asked what it was, and was told that it was going to the post office after his mail. So that night before commencing his sermon he told us about it, and said ,he had never considered it wrong; but inasmuch as others did he would do so no more, which of course was his privilege. The next Sunday at the morning service he read a petition to the post-master-general, asking that he would order this office closed on Sunday, and urged his congregation to sign it. At the close of the service I went at once to the post-office for my mail, and soon the church people came stringing in for theirs. I did not remain at the church to see how many signed the elder's petition, but no doubt some did who at once came for their mail. GEO. 0. STATES. -  4'  Cigars Can Still Be Sold in Atlanta on Sunday. THE city council of Atlanta has decided, says the Atlanta Constitution, not to disturb the present regula-tions relative to the sale of cigars, tobacco, and smok-ers' supplies on Sunday. This means that such things will be allowed unrestricted sale on Sundayss as being articles of necessity. In the discussion preceding this decision, the views of the Sunday-closing faction were voiced in a speech by Councilman W. S. Thomson, who said:Š "There seems to be a class of people in Atlanta who believe in throwing everything wide open, regardless of the law of man or of God. I would just as well be in a community of avowed atheists in case they were to gain their point. "It is this great greed to make money that is one of the evils of the day, and that will bring this great Re-public down to ruin. It was this greed that ruined Rome and Greece, and it is having its effect in Atlanta. There is already open in this city a great moral -crevice which is growing wider and wider, and which if not stopped will lead to the very gates of hell. This council should not fail to take this opportunity of standing before the  world as being in favor of Sabbath observance. I hope it can never be said that this body ever licensed traffic on the Sabbath more than was absolutely necessary. The Sabbath was made for the Lord's day, and still there are very few who observe it as it should be. I con-sider this a question of great importance, and the coun-cil should act in the fear of God." The ground of this appeal is plainly religious, and that only. The city council of Atlanta was asked to re-strict Sunday traffic for reasons which were purely reli-gious questions. That is the ground upon which all Sunday legislation rests; but not all who demand such legislation are, like Mr. Thomson, honest enough to ad-mit it. A city council or a state legislature is not a proper body to decide upon religious questions. "Humane" War. ARCHBISHOP IRELAND is quoted as saying with refer-ence to the work of the peace congress now in session, that "at least to a large extent, war can be made hu-mane, without either abhorring or stigmatizing the sword." War will be made humane when it is so conducted as to injure no innocent person; for certainly the injury of innocent people cannot be called humane. But what will war be when it is reduced to such a degree of harmless-ness? It will not be war at all. War cannot be made humane without losing its existence in the process. The powers that be, which are ordained of God, bear the sword for the terror of evil doers; and this is the only proper place for the sword. In any other cause, the sword is always to be stiginatized and abhorred. The Real Issue Ignored. A RELIGIOUS exchange published in London, Eng., points out that the real question in the controversy over Sunday journalism is not touched in the argument of the religious press:Š "The comments of the religious press on the subject of seven-day journalism, continue to display a persistent misunderstanding of the real question at issue. The Christian says:Š "'The crusade againt the Mail and Telegraph in their endeavor to force Sunday journalism on an unwill-ing community is steadily gathering strength.' "One would think that people were being compelled to buy Sunday papers when they did not want them. It would be just as reasonable to say that beer-drinking was forced upon an unwilling community. Probably the greatest harm that is being done in the whole busi-ness is the general promulgation by religious teachers of the idea that men cannot be expected to stand out for what they believe to be right, unless circumstances favor such an attitude." 