NOVEMBER 22, 1894, AlMEIEALCIC.A.N Sib4N9L'IN1b41..A. 367 You cannot dodge it. Whom will you serve, God or mammon ? The time is here when the God of heaven is going to set up a kingdom (Dan. 2 : 41) that shall never be destroyed. Will you aid in this heaven-ordained work? We are living in the most interesting period of the world's history. This conflict between the true worship of God and some form of idolatry has raged through all the ages. Mammon worship is the last form of idolatry. It is the most refined, the most subtle, and most world-wide, and withal, the most powerful form that ever existed. But its end is near. It will die hard, but it must die. Reader, don't you want to have a hand in killing it ? It is the great-est of all curses, the most blighting enemy of the human race. The sooner it dies the better. The People's Party is its only enemy, and it is the duty of every voter to vote for humanity and God.ŠVineland (N. J.) Independent, Nov. 9, Drifting Homeward. THE Cardinal Archbishop of Westmin-ster, Cardinal Vaughan, has been speaking upon the reunion of Christendom, and is heartily in favor of it. The method which he proposes is simple and perspicacious : let every one come into the Roman Church ; and there you are. As an argument to-ward this consummation, he urges that the divine origin of the Roman Church is certified by the unity into which it brings " men sharply divided by policies, national rivalries and aspirations." He compares this unity with the lack of unity in the Anglican Church. There are, he says, two bases of reunion. First, compromise, or mutual recognition. This is inconsistent with the divine constitution of the church. There remains only, second, submission,Šthat is, individual or corporate absorption. "Our hopes of a gradual submission by an ever-increasing number of Anglicans rest on evident facts," among which are t he following : " The growing apprecia-tion of Catholic doctrines and devout practices. The doctrines of the Catholic Church have been re-examined and taken back, one by one, until the Thirty-nine Articles have been banished and buried as a rule of faith. The real presence, the sacrifice of the mass, offered for the living and the dead, sometimes even in LatinŠnot unfrequent reservation of the sacrament, regular auricular confession, extreme unc-tion, purgatory, prayers for the dead, devotions to our lady, to her immaculate conception, the use of her rosary, and the invocation of saints, are doctrines taught and accepted, I am told, with a growing desire and relish for them, in the Church of England. A celibate clergy, the insti-tution of monks and nuns under vows, retreats for the clergy, missions for the people, fasting, and other penitential ex-ercisesŠcandles, lamps, incense, crucifixes, images of the blessed virgin and the saints held in honor, stations of the cross, cas-socks, cottas, Roman collars, birettas, copes, dalmatics, vestments, miters, cro-ziers, the adoption of an ornate Catholic ritual, and recently an elaborate display of the whole ceremonial of the Catholic pontifical,Šall this speaks of a change and a movement toward the church that would have appeared absolutely incredible at the beginning of this century."ŠH. L. W., in the Baptist Examiner, Nov. 15. The Graphic Atlas AND Gazetteer of the World. With over 220 Maps, Charts, Plans of Cities, etc., All revised to the present date. ŠALSOŠ GAZETTEER with nearly 55.000 PLACES and RESULTS of NEW CENSUS. By J C BARTHOLOMEW, FRG.S,FRSE Quarto (size, 10% x 8% inches), half morocco, gilt top. PUBLISHER'S PRICE, $7 50  OUR PRICE, Post-paid, $3.75 Throughout the Atlas the countries of the world have been treated with fullness in proportion to their commercial importance and interest. United States section a separate Map is given of each of the States and In the Territories. The Canadian Provinces are treated in similar detail. These Maps have been specially compiled from the latest and best Government Survey Maps, and have undergone local revision for the verification of New Counties, Townships and Railways Among the special f atures are Maps of the Hudson and Rhino Rivers. the Yosemite Valley, United States Rail. ways, British Isle Railways, mean Annual Temperature, mean Annual Rainfall.   also Maps showing environs of New York, Chicago. Philadelphia, Boston, San Francisco, New Orleans. Montreal, Quebec, Toronto, Ottawa, Rio Janeiro, London, Liverpool, Manchester. Moville, Paris, Vienna, Rome, Constantinople. Cape Town, Jerusalem, etc., etc. The GAZETTEER of the WORLD is a valuable feature for such a book of reference. It contains entries for about 53 000 places, is compiled from the latest authorities, and is specially complete in American names, The results of the New Census have been incorporated. For compactness and portability this volume is, in proportion to its ample contents, quite unique among Atlases. ADDRESS PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond Street, New York City. IS A VERY HELPFUL BOOK FOR PARENTS. A CRITICAL HARMONY of the GOSPELS. BY JAMES P CADMAN. A M, One of the best helps to Bible Study ever published. ):(  Tam Book gives, in the words of the Evangelists them' selves, the gospel narrative, giving every word from each of the four Gospels, and indicating by the figures 1, 2, 8, 4, representing Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, which of the four, or if more than one, how many of them use tho words given, so that the reader has under his eye all the words of the Evangelists on any given subject, without turning from gospel to gospel to find them, and this in v., connected narrative The text used is that of the Revised Version, making tho book specially valuable for use in connection with the King James' Version. Long primer type, 380 pages, well bound in cloth, price, - - - $1.50. ŠADDRESSŠ PACIFIC PRESS, 43 Bond St., New York City. THE SIGNS OF THE TIMES, J3 IBL KS  Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł Weekly Religious Journal. Doctrinal, Practical, Earnest, Protestant, Scriptural, Christian. This really two dollar paper will be furnished at the following PRICES OF SUBSCRIPTION: Single Copy, One Year, Post-paid, - $1.50 Single Copy, Six Months, Post-paid, - .75 In Clubs of Ten or More to One Address, Post-paid, - 1.25 To Foreign Countries in Postal Union, Post-paid, - ($2) 88. Address, Signs of the Times, 12TH AND CASTRO STREETS, OAKLAND, CAL., U. S. A. PRISON LIGHT Edited by one sending the Third Angel's Message to the perishing in prisons all over the land. Agents wanted, 50 per cent. commission. Trial year 20 cents, Terms and sample copy 2 cent stamp. Indorsed by the SENTINEL. PRISON LIGHT. 40 Green Street, Brattleboro, Vt. I Ł B Ł Ill Ł S IT is divided into five chapters, 1 r as many different writers, each treating of a particular phase of a-1),)y's life. The first chapter, "THE BOY AND Lis FATHER," by Robert J. Bur-dette, is alone worth many times the price of the book to any father of a young boy. The other chapters, " WHEN HE DECIDES," " THE BOY IN THE OFFICE," "HIS EVENINGS AND AMUSEMENTS," and "LOOKING TOWARD A WIFE," are all important and helpful. 104 pages, bound in cloth, embossed in jet and gold, price, - Š - - 75 cents. PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND STREET, New York City. A LARGE AND VARIED STOCK. Šoo Send for Catalogue to PACIFIC PRESS, 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK CITY. Kansas City. Mo. Oakland, Cal. " Before He Is Twenty," OR  " Five Perplexing Phases of the Boy Question." A SELF-MOVING LOCOMOTIVE, 15 CENTS. Handsomely' finished, made of metal, strong wheels, gilt boiler, black smoke stack, bright colored cab with 4 win-dows. When wound up runs long distance across floor. Great amuse-ment to children. By far the cheapest locomotive made, and a marvel of strength and beauty. Parents should buy one for the children. Mention this paper, and send 16 cents in stamps and we will Bend Locomotive, and our story pape Boston,nths, post-paid. IA. A. WILITNEY,,,Box 3139, Mass. A SIXTEEN-PAGE 