106 m1=1E AMERICAN SENTINEL. shall Straighten it out ? By what standard shall it be compared when it is straight-ened, to kniqw whether it is straight or not ? As to who shall do this, the directions are plain enough. Inspect your own con-science. " Men should often straighten out their conscience." That is, each indi-vidual is to be the judge of his own con-science, as to whether it is in working order, or as to whether it is straight or not. This being, so, then who is really to guide the individual, or the conscience of the individual ? Clearly the individual; but this. directly reverses the order of the book: The proposition of the book, is that conscience is the guide to right, and the indicator of what we ought to do. And when the one who is to be guided must needs inspect and straighten out, and put in working order, that which is to guide him; then the one who is to be guided becomes in fact the guide. In other words the one who is guided, must guide his guide. This brings us once more round' the circle to the starting point, that whatever each individual thinks to be right, in his own case, that is right. As to the standard with which the Con-science is to be compared when straight-ened, to know whether it is straight or not; to know whether it is in working order; and to know whether it fitly passes inspection,Šthis is the same as that dis-covered in our examination of the grounds of right, namely, whatever each one thinks best for himself. So says the book, as follows :Š Nothing is duty which can not be clearly done. Duty being that course which, in view of all the circumstances, is best. . . . Duty is indicated by the preponderance of interests, which when learned makes conscience clear. It is sometimes difficult, indeed, to learn this and so to determine duty, so that the knowledge of right is not always without effort. We must work hard to know our duty, as well as to do it, which labor then becomes part of our duty. But when we once decide what is best, conscience takes it up. ŠPage 292. Thus it appears that the individual by "working hard " must discover where the preponderance of interest lies, in order to find out what is best, and so determine duty and attain to the knowledge of right. And this "makes conscience clear " ! With-out this effort of the individual, conscience is cloudy, it is not in working order, it will not pass inspection. But when all this :isr done, so that the individual knows juStwhat is-right, then conscience becomeS COnscience takes, it up and Says, zood,,  I agree to that." But in sttch .a)systein, conscience is not only not a!guidit0t4is not even a helper; for all the Weilt mint be done and the knowledge of right attained,, before conscience is clear, and before conscience takes it up. Mien, according to this system, of what earthly use is conscience ? None whatever. In fact, this statement demonstrates that in this system of ethics, conscience really has no intelligent place at-all. It is virtu-ally destroyed, And again we are brought  round the circle to the original starting point, that whatever each individual may think best for himself, that is right, and ending in supreme selfishness. By the evidences already given, it will be seen that in the final analysis, this system of ethics comes dangerously near to the fatalistic doctrine that " Whatever is, is right:" This would be bad enough if it stopped with going dangerously near, but it does not stop there, it goes all the way, as logically every system of morals with-out religion must do; and here is the evidence Though conscience may err, it is the best judg-ment we haveŠthe pointing of the compass after all the conflicting forces which would diversely im-pel us, and so the coming of our knowledge to a head in the will, If we go wrong by following it, then wrong is inevitable and any other course would still more likely be wrong. If the result is not good, it is the best we can have. For, going by conscience, we simply go on our best information.ŠPage 283. This is in very substance the doctrine that " Whatever is, is right." It is fatal-ism, and fatalism only. In fact it can not be anything else, proceeding upon the theory which it does. It proposes to leave religion out of the question and to teach morality without religion. But when man is separated from religion, he is left wholly to himself. Himself is his only resource, and in searching for the supreme right and ultimate good, he starts for himself and whatever course he follows, he is inevitably brought back to himself. This is precisely what this book has done three times. And when men do this, over and over again, groping round and round in the narrow circle of self and finding only " apples of Sodom " at the end of every circle, they are driven to the precise point to which, by this system of ethics, they are driven, that is, to the despairing sink of fatalism. Another name for it is paganism, for it is the identical conclusion to which pagan-ism came in its supremest day. Compare with the foregOing the following from Marcus Aurelius :Š What then is that about which we ought to employ our serious pains ? This one thing, thoughts just, and acts social, and words that never lie, and a disposition which gladly accepts all that happens, as necessary, as usual as flowing from the principle and source of the same kind. Willingly give thy-self up to Clotho tone of the Fates], allowing her to spin thy thread into whatever things she pleases. The final conclusion of- Mr. Bierbower's proposed system of ethics for society and schools in the United States, in this nine-teenth century, is identical with that of the pagan, Marcus Aurelius, in the second century. And this open and sheer pagan-ism, it is seriously proposed, shall be taught to the children and practiced by society in the United States! And Mr. Bierbower actually seems to have so much confidence in his proposed system, that he thinks that " Catholics, Protestants, Jews, and unbelievers may use this book with equal approval." For our part we should like very much to see a single Catholic, or Protestant, or Jew, or unbeliever who,  having examined the book, would use it with any manner of- approval whatever. Again, we say that which is so often admitted by this book, conscience itself must needs have .a guide. And faith is the guide and the only guide of conscience. Whatever a man believes to be right, to that his conscience will freely assent. Therefore a right faith is essential to a good conscience. Now the only right faith in this world, is the faith of Jesus Christ. Without faith in Jesus Christ, there can be no right conscience; without a right conscience there can be no genuine mo-rality. This is the logic of the question and it never can be escaped; and it only demon-strates once more 'by proofs that can not be refuted, the position which THE SEN-TINEL has always occupied, that morality without religion is a misnomer. And more than this, that morality without the religion of Jesus Christ, is a misnomer. Jesus Christ is the author of the right faith through which he leads men to the right morality. The teaching of this faith, by which alone right morality can be at-tained, he committed to the Church. The Church he endowed with the Spirit of God by which the teaching may be performed with power. If the Church or the family does not teach it, it never can be taught. The teaching of it was never committed to the State; the power by which alone it can be inculcated has never been bestowed upon the State. Therefore as genuine morality can come only from a right conscience, and a right conscience can come only from a right faith, and a right faith can come only by Jesus Christ, it is demonstrated that there is no genuine morality outside of a-  genuine faith in Jesus Christ. And as the State can not teach faith in Jesus Christ, as the State can not teach the religion of Jesus Christ, the position of THE SENTINEL is impregnable, that the State can not teach morality. Civility is the realm, and the conservation of it the prerogative, of the State. Morality is the realm, and the con-servation of it the prerogative, of God. "Render therefore unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's; and unto God the things which are God's." A. T. J. AN English judge at one time set forth that Christianity is part Of the common law of England, and several American judges have repeated this dictum. So far as it relates to rights and duties, Chris-tianity is a part of the common law only in so far as it is distinctly embodied in the common law. You can not indict a man for net loving his neighbor as him-self. Christianity- may require a man to sell all that he has and give to the poor, or when one cheek is smitten to turn the other also to the smites,_ but these duties are not enforced by the penal code of any Christian nation in our"tine,---New" York Times.. - -  