706 AMERICAN SENTINEL. the political kingdoms of earth. An attempt to set up the kingdom of God by earthly agencies, like "good government," is an, attempt to make the kingdom of God come with "observation," or outward show, like an earthly kingdom, contrary to this declaration of the Scripture. "The kingdom of God is within you," said Jesus to his disciples. Luke 17:20, 21. The body of the believer is the temple of God; his heart is the throne of God. In him and through him is done the will of God, and only where the will of God is doneŠonly where God reignsŠdoes the kingdom of God exist. The kingdom of God is not yet a visible kingdom on the earth because nowhere on the earth, save in the lives of the scattered believers, is the will of God done. The visible separation between the few who do his will and the many who resist his will, is not yet made, and must be made before the kingdom of God can be manifested as a visible kingdom of power and glory, as it is finally to be in the earth. Now how can an individual "promote" the kingdom of God by being a "good citizen"? In other wordsŠfor this is what is meant by "good citizen"Šhow can he promote the kingdom of God by taking an active part in politics? Is the kingdom of God to be set up on the earth by vote? No person who affirms this can have read Scripture to any purpose. No theme is more prominent in the sacred Word than that of the coming of Jesus Christ, as a king, visibly, with power and "great glory," attended by the angels of heaven, to the earth, in the sight of all the nations. This is to be the end of the world. And what have "good government" and the ballot to do with this? In one of his parablesŠthat of the sowerŠthe Sav-iour describes the process by which the kingdom of God is to be truly promoted in the earth. He declares that the preaching of the Word is the sowing of the seed mentioned in the parable, some of which falls upon poor ground and is lost, while other falls upon good ground, where it springs up and bears fruit, which is for the kingdom of God. What have voting and politics to do with this? In another parable Jesus said that with the good seed that is sown, the enemy of all goodness sows "tares," which spring up and grow together with the wheat, until the harvest, of which he says, "The harvest is the end of the world." He says that when the harvest is come, "the Son of man shall send forth his angels," and they "shall gather out of his kingdom all things that offend and them that do iniquity," to burn them up. This is the way God has appointed to purify society and set up his kingdom visibly in the earth, and in it there is no suggestion of any political agency. The work is done now by the sowing of the seedŠthe preach-ing of the WordŠwhich springs up and bears fruit in the heart that is sanctified by faith; and finally, when all is ripe for the harvest, God himself will separate the tares  from the wheatŠthe wicked from the justŠby the agen-cies of heaven; and that separation will last forever-The wicked will be no more, and the meek will inherit the earth; but the man who has been looking to politics and "good government" to see the kingdom of God come forth and be set up in the earth, will find that he has looked in altogether the wrong direction. The greatest event of earthly history will take him by sur-prise, and he will fall before it. To the Christian, the voice of duty calls to activity in sowing the good seed of the divine Word, from which is to come the grain for the heavenly garner. This, to the Christian, is all-important, and without it he would not be doing the best that he knows. And if this is in-compatible with good citizenship, he must be content, to be called a poor citizen. But the greatest need of the world to-day, as always, is the need of good men; and if "good citizens" are a different class from good men, the country's need of "good citizenship" has been vastly overstated. The Christian must first and before all things be a Christian; and if Christianity be true he is doing in this way the utmost that any man can do for the establishment of that good government for which the earth has groaned since time began. The Constitution, and Slavery in the Philippines. THE exposure of the provisions of the treaty made by the United States with the Sultan of the Sulns, by which polygamy and slavery both exist in places subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, has called forth replies from responsible sources. That there is considerable sensitiveness on the sub-ject is evident from these replies. That the compromis-ing situation into which the nation has been thrown by this arrangement, is plainly enough discerned is certain; and that it is felt to be indefensible is also plain from the limping and even self-contradictory defenses that are offered. For a cabinet officer is reported as having stated thatŠ "It is absolutely false that this Government has recognized slavery or contemplates giving such recogni-tion. Slavery is distinctly forbidden by the Thirteenth Amendment to the Constitution, and cannot be per-mitted in any place under American jurisdiction. In the Southern Pine Islands and among the Sulus there is slavery; but as soon as peace is restored in Luzon, ar-rangements will be made for freeing the slaves and pre-venting such bondage in the future." That is an interesting statement, under all the cir-cumstances. First, it is declared to be "absolutely false" that the United States has recognized slavery in the Sulus. Yet, about the same time that this state-ment was made, President Schurman, of the Philippine Commission, not only admitted that slavery is recog- 