336 .4_1U_L-C C 1NT R- rrx N VOL. 8. No. 41 NEW YORK, OCTOBER 26, 1893. ANT one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked " Sample Copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. ON Monday, Oct. 16, sixty-three tailors, of this city, were arraigned before Justice Koch for violation of the Sunday law in carrying on their ordinary occupation on Sunday. They were held for examination on Nov. 16, and gave bail for their ap-pearance in the sum of one hundred dol-lars each. AN opinion rendered by Attorney-Gen-eral Little of Kansas precludes the issu-ance of a charter to the American Protect-ive Association, in that State. The opinion takes the ground that the order seeks to abridge the religious rights of citizens, and therefore cannot ask the sanction of the State, which, through its Constitution, grants religious liberty without restric-tion, to all its citizens. Why should the State charter the American Protective Association any more than it should incor-porate a Roman Catholic society to restrict the business, social, and political privi-leges of Protestants ? THE New York Sun, Senator Morgan, of Alabama, and Representative Wheeler, also of Alabama, have been studying the Bible very thoroughly of late on the sub-ject of bimetallism. The results of their unusual industry in scriptural investiga-tion have been spread upon the pages of the Congressional Record to the extent of several columns. The hundreds of scrip-tural references to the production and util-ization of silver and gold have been used to adorn the tales which these congres-sional orators have told, whether they have been able by their use to point any prac-tical moral on the silver bill or not. At least these things do point this moral,Šthat the Congress of the United States is not behind its religious constituency in the development of a superficial religi-osity. AT a recent Sunday-closing meeting in Chicago, " President " Bonney said :Š It is thirteen years since the Sunday-closing movement started, and many and great changes have taken place. At first but little interest was manifested, but to-day there is hardly a town or hamlet in which the majority of citizens do not advocate the setting apart of one day in seven for rest, whatever be the day set aside. The statement as to the universality of the Sunday agitation is true. Everywhere men are exalting Sunday to a place never occupied by any other day in any country except Palestine. All the world are -wor-shiping the beast by worshiping the badge of his authorityŠthe " wild solar holiday  of all pagan times," foisted upon the world as a Christian institution by the "man of sin," the "mystery of iniquity." The latter part of the statement is dis-ingenuous. The purpose is not to set apart " one day in seven " as a day of rest, but to exalt Sunday as a religious institution. The rest is a secondary, and, indeed, 'a very unimportant matter if only Sunday is honored. IN the Independent of August 31, is an article by Mrs. Mary Rogers Clay, in which she gives the history of a devoted slave,, " Old Captain," who something over one hundred years ago was liberated by his master and removed from Caroline County, Va., to Kentucky, where his life was devoted to the religious instruction of his race. Peter, or the " Old Captain," was a Baptist, and at the time the story opens that sect was suffering rigorous per-secution for their faith. Of the old slave's early opportunities for religious instruc-tion Mrs. Clay says :Š The Established Church had awakened such a spirit of inquiry in Virginia [by its persecution of the Baptists] that the whole theme of conversation, among all classes, was religious freedom. The jail in the village below, time and again, had been full to the brim with such men as John Waller, Edward Young, and Elijah CraigŠmen of whom the pros-ecuting attorney said: " May it please your wor-ship, sir, they cannot meet a man in the road but they must cram a text of Scripture down his throat." Peter, with a quick perception, was an eager ob-server of all this, and when upon errands to the village, often loitered by the way to hear the songs of praise and words of exhortation from the lips of those gray-haired veterans of the Cross, as they stood behind the barred doors of the Caroline jail. Persecution never hindered the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, and never can. Ł " THERE is," says the Independent, " a St. Vincent's Abbey, in Beatty, Penn., of the Benedictine order, which has a semi-nary and college attached, with two hun-dred students and twenty-five professors. It makes money in part by manufacturing beer, which is freely advertised for public sale and use." Yet the Roman Catholic Church is simply " one of the great divi-sions of the Redeemer's army," with which the National Reformers have gladly joined hands, while Seventh-day Advent-ists who have not the most remote con-nection with the liquor traffic in any of its branches, are cast out as evil, and are classed with saloon-keepers. What makes this difference ? Simply this : the papists are loyal to Sunday, while the Adventists denounce it as a base counterfeit of the true Sabbath. Loyalty to Sunday has now become the test of Christianity. A NATIONAL Reform organ says : "There can be no doubt of a combined effort on the part of the enemies of righteousness to destroy the Sabbath." This is true, and nobody has a better right to know than the National Reformers, for they are the enemies of the true Sabbath. For years they have been opposing it with a  counterfeit, and failing to destroy it they now invoke the national power and pro-pose to enforce the counterfeit by force of arms. So far as man is concerned their efforts will doubtless be crowned with success, but God has a controversy with them, and he will one day demand, " Who hath required this at your hands ?" Truth can afford to wait. " The eternal years of God are hers." Congress has officially interpreted the fourth commandment to mean Sunday, but God has not. His meaning and purpose remain the same. " The seventh day is the Sabbath," Con-gress and National Reformers to the con-trary notwithstanding. THE Cleveland Leader, one of the very few daily papers of the country not dom-inated by papists, published recently this item :Š A pupil in St. Joseph's Academy, Marquette, Mich., drew a book entitled "Story of Liberty," from the public library, and the Mother Superior consigned it to the flames. A section regarding the Pope and King John was distasteful to her. It caused a sensation, and the city authorities threat-ened a lawsuit to have the book replaced. At the graduating exercises of the academy to-day, Father Lanagan declared that the book "smelled of lies." He also said: "It was an insult to every Catholic. We pay taxes for the support of that library, and as half of the citizens of Marquette, we have a right to insist that no such outrageous work shall be kept in it. Do not permit your children to read it, the iniquitous volume ; do not touch it yourself. If it were intended for grown people, who were able to judge of its statements, it would not be so dan-gerous. No Protestant could read it without saying to himself, these are lies upon their very face. This volume we burned here, very properly, a few days ago. The paper says to-day that it will be re-placed, but we will see whether it will or not." Rome is becoming more and more ag-gressive, and will soon if unchecked, dic-tate terms to every municipality in the land. THE Good Health Publishing Company, of Battle Creek, Mich., has just issued a pamphlet of some ninety pages, entitled, " Bible Readings on Health and Temper-ance Topics," by W. H. Wakeham. The subject of the care of the body, and gen-eral hygiene, is treated from a Bible standpoint. The method used in the pres-entation of the subject is that of question and answer,Šthe replies to the queries raised being, almost invariably, direct quotations from Scripture; serving to elaborate this, somewhat, are extracts, in illustration and explanation, from scien-tific and medical works, commentaries, the writings of Mrs. E. G. White, etc. This is a valuable condensation. It contains matter for much thought, which might be extended into volumes of comparative re-search. The retail price of the pamphlet is 30 cents. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one‚  address, per ,year, - - 80c Ic 25 to 99 ' - - - 100 to 249 " " " " - - 75c lt 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c 500 to 999 " " " " - - 65c :: 1000 or more " " "- - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - -5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 