34 AMERICAN SENT i_\"EL_ And when he "religiously" observes the day that he "conscientiously believes in and observes," still the ex-emption does not count unless he "regularly" observes the day that he conscientiously believes in and reli-giously observes. And then the exemption does not count unless the "religious" and "regular" observance of this day that he "conscientiously believes in" and "observes," is per-formed "by abstaining from labor and busŁiness." And even THEN the exemption does not count unless the work that he does on Sunday is work of "religion," or work of "real necessity and mercy," or "such private work as will neither interfere with the general rest nor with public worship." That is to say that "the usual exemption" requires belief, and even conscientious belief; and religious action, and regular religious action, on whatever day a man may choose to observe as the Sabbath; and also requires religious conduct, both public and private, on Sunday, or else the exemption does not count. And even with all this, the "usual exemption" does not exempt from the requirements of the law, but only from the penalty of the law. This is certain, and we know it, from the fact that Mrs. Bateham, speaking for the N. W. C. T. U., said so at the great hearing on the national Sunday law, before the Senate Committee, in Washington, D. C., Dec. 13, 1888. Senator Blair had said to Mrs. Bateham these words:Š "Let me ask you a few questions, Mrs. Bateham, to see if the Woman's Christian Temperance Union un-derstood exactly the relation of what they propose to do to this legislation." He then stated that an exemption of the observers of another day would allow these observers of another day to do the work of the post-offices, and that of such other occupations as the Sunday law was intended to prohibit, and thus the law would fail of its purpose in prohibiting these occupations on Sunday; that is, it would so fail by means of the very thing which they themselves proposedŠthe exempting of observers of another day in hope of checking their opposition to the law. His remarks are summed up in the following sen- tences:Š "Now, you go to our Seventh day Baptist or Ad-ventist friends, for instance, and propose to introduce a principle by which they can carry on the Post-Office Department on the Sabbath just .as completely as they see fit. In other words, you propose to exempt them from the operation of the law so far as it prohibits post-office work on the Sabbath. Suppose you have a Sev-enth-day Baptist man for postmaster. Suppose you fill up every.post-office in the country on the Sabbath, with Seventh-day Baptist people. You have the Post-Office Department in operation by virtue of this exemption because they can do the work conscientiously on that day." To this Mrs. Bateham made the following reply:Š "If you remember the clause, we do not propose to provide that- they shall be able to do this work; but that they shall be exempt from the penalty. They are not allowed to do the,work; but they are to be exempt from the penalty. Therefore, unless they could prove that they had not done this work to the disturbance of others, it would be impossible for them to carry on post-office matters, for instance, or any other public employ-ment, on Sunday." If any further evidence is needed on this it is pre- sented by Dr. W. F. Crafts himself in his Sabbath Reform Documents, No. 28, in which he says that "The only States that have just and practicable ex-ceptions on this point [of 'the usual exemption'] are New Jersey and Arkansas." And then that all may know exactly what the only just and practicable exemp- tion is he presents as the example the following exemp-tion found in the code of New Jersey:Š "Every inhabitant of this State who religiously observes the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, shall be exempt from answering to any process in law or equity, either as defendant, witness, or juror, exceptŁ  in criminal cases; likewise from executing on the said day the duties of any post orŁ office to which' he may be appointed or commissioned, except when the interest of the State may absolutely require it, and shall also be exempt from working on the highways and doing any militia duty on that day except when in actual service. If any person, charged with having labored on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, shall be brought before a justice of the peace to answer the in-formation and charge thereof, and shall then and there PROVE TO THE SATISFACTION OF THE SAID JUSTICE that he or she uniformly keeps the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, and habitually abstains from following his or her usual occupation or business, and from all recreation, and devotes the day to the exercises of reli-gious worship, then such defendant shall be discharged; PROVIDED ALWAYS, that the work of labor for which such person is informed against, was done and performed in his or her dwelling-house or work-shop, or on his or her-premises or plantation, and that such work or labor has not disturbed other persons in the observance of the first day of the week as the Sabbath; and provided also, that nothing in this section shall be construed to allow any such person to openly expose to sale any goods, wares, or merchandise, or other article or thing whatsoever in the line of his or her business or occupa-tion." That is to say that by "the usual exemption for those who observe the Sabbath day," every person who observes any other day than Sunday, is subject to sur- veillance, to arrest, and prosecution; and is thus sub- ject to be put to all the expense, inconvenience, and loss of a course of prosecution, up to the point where it is discovered that, all the manifold restrictions of the ex- emption have been complied withŠthen, and only then, the penalty of the Sunday law shall not be applied in his case. In other words, no one can be exempt from the re- 