AMERICAN SENTINEL. 285 before the committee for amendment, or anything else. Griffitts said that when a thing had failed it was dead as he understood it, and so there was no preamble, ande  he ought to be allowed to move anything he asked for a preamble. MooreŠThe chair should give the deciding vote. ChairŠI voted on the point, and there made a mistake. CosgroveŠIt was no mistake. The chair has a right to vote in committee of the whole. GriffittsŠI now move that we adopt the fol-lowing preamble "We, the people of the State of Washington, do ordain this constitution." Mr. Hoyt stated that the chair should not vote, except on roll-call or a rising vote. The ChairŠI suggest that the question be put again as the best solution. Mr. TurnerŠI move that the committee re-port the preamble back to the convention, with the recommendation that it be recommitted to the Committee on Preamble; so ordered. Wednesday forenoon session, the convention . again went into committee of the whole on pre-amble. Mr. Stiles, of Tacoma, resumed the chair. The majority and minority reports of the Commit-tee on Preamble were read, as follows :Š MAJORITY REPORT. " We, the people of the State of Washington, to secure the blessings of liberty, insure domestic tranquillity and preserve our rights, do ordain this constitution." MINORITY REPORT. "We, the people of Washington, grateful to the Supreme Ruler of the Universe for our lib-erty, do ordain this-constitution. Lindsley moved that the minority report be adopted. Sullivan (Tacoma) moved that the committee rise and recommend that the convention settle the whole matter. Lost. Warner did not rise to discuss the matter, but simply stated the position of the committee. " We have considered it a mere sentiment and of little consequence either way, and shall ,be sat-isfied whichever way the committee decide, but trust the subject will not be debated." Comegys moved to amend by substituting "majority" for "minority." Cosgrove called attention to the real point at issue, so that the gentlemen who have said they had no real objections to the name of the Deity in the constitution need make no mistake. Willison asked the effect of voting aye, as he was absent from the debate yesterday. The chair stated that voting " aye " on this motion was equivalent to leaving out the name of God from the preamble. The motion of Comegys was lost, and Lindsley's motion prevailedŠyeas 45, nays 22. So that the phrase, "Grateful to the Supreme Ruler of the Universe for our liberties," is the way it will stand in the constitution. Right and Law. " THE right of rest for one is the law of rest for all," is an expression often used by National Re-formers and one would think that they regard it as a self-evident truth that needs no proof. It needs but a moment's thought to see its absurdity. They use it to prove the obligation of the Sun-day rest upon all. No one disputes their right to  rest on Sunday if they choose, therefore they say that all should rest. Let us try it another way. Sabbatarians have the right to rest upon the seventh day, even the National Reformers admit this, therefore if their logic is good for anything, all should rest upon that day also, and thus we have all men observing two days. -Of course they will not for a moment admit of this con-clusion ; and, therefore, their proposition only serves to show the utter inconsistency of the cause which seeks to be sustained by such argu-ments. Let us carry this a little further and see how the same argument will work with respect to another Edenic institution, that of marriage. The right of marriage for one is the law of mar-riage for all. Anyone can see the absurdity of the proposition. Any single person has the right to marry ; therefore, on the National Reform theory, if any exercise the right, all must do so ; and if they do not marry, a law must be enacted to com- pel them to do so. H. H. FISHER. Madison, Wisconsin. National Reform Bigotry. THE Christian Statesman of August 8, con-tains a characteristic report from Secretary Gault. He has been circulating through Iowa recently, and in the course of a report of some meetings held at Malvern, we find the following para-graph :Š " The preceding Sabbath I preached twice at Afton, county seat of Union County, ,in the evening, on the Sabbath-Rest question, at a union service of the Methodist, Presbyterian, Baptist, and Evangelical churches. Here there was but one lady, a Seventh-day Adventist, who opposed the petition when it was put to vote of the congregation. She was landlady in the hotel where I lodged, and all day Sabbath her sewing machine hummed with a vim that was signif-icant and unmistakable." We mean nothing personal when we say that that is the utterance of a narrow-minded bigot. We simply state a fact. A bigot is one who thinks there is no one in the world of any ' consequence but himself, that the world was made for him, and that the sun shines principally for his benefit. The only possible inference that can be drawn from Mr, Gault's remark is that that lady committed an unpardonable act in doing her ordinary work on Sunday while he was in the hotel. The bigotry of the thing may be shown if we turn it around. Suppose that lady, or any individual who conscientiously ob- serves the seventh day of the week as the Sab-bath, should chance to stop at a hotel kept by.  one who observes Sunday, would Mr. Gault think that person ought to cease his ordinary work on that day ? If Mr. Gault were a hotel keeper, and by chance a seventh-day observer should stop over the Sabbath with him, would he have everything stopped in his own house ? Of course he would not. It is only when he is around that things must stop. It is his presence that must be regarded. If anyone believes differently from him, that individual has no right -to exist, at least to carry out or act upon his belief. This principle is not peculiar to Mr. Gault, although it seems to be very fully developed in him, from what we have seen of his writings. But it is the principle of National Reform to act as though " we are the people, and the government must shape its action to conform to our opinions and to please us. It does not make any difference if other people are discommoded. What does that  matter? They have no business to believe dif-ferently from what we do." This is National Reform in a nutshell. It must, from the very nature of the case, make bigots of those who devote themselves to 'it, no matter how liberal minded theymight be by nature. E. J. W. Religion and the Public Schools. (Continued.) " BUT if your honors please, let me say, for I conceive it to be a privilege to say it, that I be-lieve that this book, which I hold in my hands, is a sacred book in the highest sense of the term. I believe that it is the word of the living God, as essential to our spiritual nourishment and life as the bread that we eat, and the water that we drink to quench our thirst is, for our bodies. It records the history of the most marvelous appear-ance that ever occurred in human historyŠthe advent in Judea of the man Christ Jesus, the promised Messiah of old, whom Moses wrote-about, and of whom Moses was a feeble type; whom Joshua predicted when he led the hosts to take possession of the happy land and prefigured ; whom all the prophets foretold, and the psalmist sung, and the people sighed for, throughout all the weary ages of their captivity and bondage ; who appeared in the light and brightness of the heathen civilization of the Augustan age; who spake as never man spake; who healed the dis-eases of the people; who opened their eyes; who caused the dumb to speak, the blind to see, the deaf to' hear, and preached the gospel to the poor ; who was persecuted because he was the living representative of divine and absolute truth, and who was lifted up upon the cross elMrged with blasphemy untruly, but slain upon the baser charge of treason to the Roman Casar, while in the very act of declaring that his 'kingdom was not of this world;' lifted up, to be sure, by the hands of men, . . but in pursuance of a covenant that he had made in eternity with his Father that it should come thus to pass, because without the shedding of blood there was to be no remission of sin; lifted up in order that he might draw all men unto himself, that whosoever looked upon him might be healed of the poison of original sin and live. 'Behold the Lamb of God which taketh away the sins of the world l' That, if your honors please, is my credo. If I am asked how I prove it, I enter into no disputation or doubtful argument. I simply say that his di-vinity shone into my heart and proved itself by its self- evidence. . . . I would not give up, I would not abate a jot or a tittle of my belief in that Book, and in the God that it reveals, and the salvation it offers, for all that this world can give. And yet, if your honors please, in the spirit of my divine Master, I do not want to compel any man. If he cannot believeŠohl it is his misfortune, not less than his fault, and not to be visited upon him as a penalty by any human judgment. It is not to be the ground of exclusion from civil rights ; it is not to bar him from any privilege. It is 'even, if your honors please, to protect him from the finger of scorn being pointed and slowly moved at him as if he were out of the pale of divine charity. Oh, no ; it was to the lost that the Saviour came, to seek them as well as to save them; and I know no other way, I know no better way, to recommend the truth of that Book to those who cannot receive it, but to live like him whose teaching is to be just, to be good, to be kind, to be charitable; to receive.them, all into the arms of my human sympathy, and to 