-.A.1VIEIZICAN SENTINEL. 001 to check its loftier aspirations, to block its progress toward ahigher life. With us, there is no emperor to pose as its representative and exponent. Yet, before we pity or sneer at the Germans who listen in patience to such a claim as Emperor William boldly advances, it is worth while to consider whether this wrong idea of a "divine right" is not somewhat at work in the United States. * WHATEVER the people at large may think, there are among us plenty of clerical advocates of "divine right." Inasmuch as the purpose of these people is to have cer-tain religious dogmas of theirs enacted into laws, and outward compliance with their injunctions enforced by the civil power on other people, who do not believe in them, and thus maintain, pro tanto, a union between their church and the State, they are really obliged to adopt this European notion in their discussions. They are themselves aware of the incongruity between things wholly secular, and a business which is of this world ex-clusively on the one hand, and a thing which is wholly religious, and a business that is concerned, with the "here-after" on the other. Hence, before they begin to plead for a union of Church and StateŠor a union of religion and State, according to the latest cantŠthey seek to throw some mantle of sanctity over the State, and to connect the civil authority with the sanction of divinity. Tuns, with men of this kind. we find that "the consent of the governed," supposedly the source of all American governments, disappears completely, and the European, instead of the American idea, is more or less openly in-sisted upon by them. * IDEAS are not only too strong for facts; they are also too strong for men. When two ideas are so intimately associated that the acceptance of one of them necessarily involves the acceptance of the other, men who adopt either will find themselves Willy nilly advocates of the other. Ask the clerical advocate of a "Sunday law," for example, if he believes that "the consent of the governed is the foundation of all our systems of civil adminis-tration," and he will very likely asay, "Yes." But set him down to write an article on his favorite theme, and, sooner or later, you will find him trying to locate our statutes and ordinances "in the bosom of God." * * THERE is great responsibility resting on the educators of youth in this regard. Our young men ought to have enjoined upon them a respect for the State, and for the law, as institutions which the experience of mankind has demonstrated are necessary, in order to the gratification of the social instinct which the Creator has implanted in the human soul. But nothing is gained by appealing to the European superstition of divine right, even if we sub- stitute the State or the law for the emperor. On the contrary, an essentially false view of the whole fabric of government and of society is in this manner presentedŠI mean, of course, false from the real American standpoint. * IN the domain of the mind, the great struggle is still going on which began centuries ago, between the irrecon-cilable and antagonistic principles of divine right and consent of the governed. The great glory of our country is that she stands the leader of the fray on the right side. There is no possibility of mixing our polity with any portion of that system to which Europe clings. The slightest taint of connection between the two is evil, and "lethal" for us. * * OUR "rulers" are of our own creation, and they are our servants or agents, who, for reasons of our own, we choose to temporarily employ about certain things. They are accountable to us, their masters, not only for what they do in their official positions, but for the way in which they do it. They may or rmay not possess some peculiar virtues in their personal capacities, but about their public labors we recognize no trace whatever of di-vine authority. By our sovereign will we call them, to account for every delinquency.. We reserve to ourselves the right and the power to undo any of their work which happens not to be done according to our liking. * This is the American idea. He who seeks to propa-gate any other is attempting to undermine American liberty, and to nullify the glorious mission of the United States as the apostle and upholder of freedom among men. Only a hopeless fanatic would regard the rigid en-forcement of a Sunday law as sufficient gain to offset the formal establishment of "divine right" in the States. But this is just what all clamorers for "the American Sa b bath" are doing-their best to effectuate. The Unalienable Right of Conscience. IN Salt Lake county, Utah, a man named Monk was recently confined by the sheriff in a dungeon and fed on bread and water, for refusing to attend religious services. Mr. Monk had previously been lodged in the jail for a technical offense, and the religious services were those provided for the inmates by the State. When the facts in the case became public, the Board of County Commis-sioners took action which resulted in Mr. Monk's release from the dungeon and the revocation of the order en-forcing attendance upon religious worship. 