JANUARY 31, 1895. A MIlEJL-C,IC.A.N SUNTTINTIEILI. 37 servance and kinlred objects, were hob-a-nobbing with the Roman Catholic system, and suffering rebuffs to secure its cooper-ation; and were courting a system which they knew to be "a curse to every land where it has prevailed," and " the great-est danger threatening our land to-day,"Ša system that was "plotting to gain con-trol of the whole Government of Amer-ica, National and State, as well as muni-cipal." It therefore follows that since these men were not ignorant of the most patent facts of history, they must have been treacherously and traitorously join-ing forces with that system which is the " enemy of our civil and religious liber-ties," "a curse to every land where it has prevailed." A Warning to Protestants. OUR Saviour said to the Scribes and Pharisees, who were once the favored. people of God :Š Wherefore, behold, I send unto you prophets, and wise men, and scribes: and some of them ye shall kill and crucify; and some of them shall ye scourge in your synagogues, and persecute them from city to city, that upon you may come all the righteous blood shed upon the earth, from the blood of righteous Abel unto the blood of Zacharias, son of Barachias, whom ye slew between the temple and the altar. Verily I say unto you, All these things shall come upon this generation. Now, I want to show why that genera-tionŠthe Scribes and' Pharisees, who fasted twice a week, paid tithes of all they possessed, even of the mint and anise and all herbsŠwere guilty of the blood of the innocent souls who suffered martyrdom from righteous Abel down to Zacharias, whom they slew between the temple and the altar. In Matt. 23:30, we read that they ac-knowledged themselves to be the children of those who slew the prophets. Don't forget this, for we will have occasion to refer to it again. Let us first learn a les-son from the unbelief of these very people who said, " If we had been in the days of our fathers, we would not have been par-takers with, them in the blood of the prophets." While uttering these words, they had murder in their hearts; and al-though they appeared very pious out-wardly, yet they were full of hypocrisy and of all uncleanness. Please to read the whole of this chapter, Matt. 23, and note the power of unbelief upon those who are overcome by it, and refuse to walk in the light. " Fill ye up," says Jesus, " the measure of your fathers." You confess that you are the children of those who murdered the prophets. They measured out to the true prophets nothing but hatred, torture, and death; and now it is left for them to fill up that measure. Unbelief had blinded their minds to that extent that they thought they were doing God's will while killing his faithful serv-ants. Now, let me appeal to those who profess to be Protestants. How did you come by that name? Do you answer, We re. ceived it from our forefathers. Yes, so you did. But why were they called Protestants ? You answer, Because they protested against the false doctrines and wicked acts of the Roman Catholic Church. Well, did Protestants in those days have any fellowship with the Roman Catholic Church? Oh no, you say, they could not, because they believed Rome to be anti-christ, and because of her spirit of malice, hatred, and murder that she had toward all who protested against her. Now, I want all to think seriously before answering the following questions. Has the Roman Catholic Church ever come forward and confessed her errors and her sins committed against the inno-cent people of God who passed through untold sufferings in past ages ? Does she not yet claim infallibility ? Does she not say, The Roman Catholic Church never has erred, and never can err ? Has not her record for a thousand years been written in the blood of the saints ? Does she not still claim she is not bound to keep faith with heretics ? No true Protestant will hesitate, to an-swer all these questions in the affirmative. Now then, if that be so, and if God called Martin Luther and other Reformers to expose the false doctrines and unchristian acts of that apostate church,ŠI say if God was in the Reformation, what shall we say about the Protestants of our own days who are reaching out to clasp the hand of the Roman Catholic Church, and even going so far as to call her mother, and invite her priests to preach to Protestant theological students! In doing this, do they not just as surely become partakers of her sins, and are they not filling up the golden cup that is in the hand of the woman of Rev. 17 : 4 ? And when the apostate daughters heed the call of their mother to come back to her arms, and when this world-wide confederacy is made (see Isa. 8:12; Rev. 16:13), then will not the cup of Rome be full, and will not her sins have reached unto heaven ? Protestants then, in uniting with that power, virtually acknowledge themselves to be the children of those who have killed God's people in the past, because, by approving Rome now, they set the seal of their approval upon all her past his-tory, which she does not repudiate, but defends. " Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues." Rev. 18:4. And if you know not where to find the true people of God, as a body, turn and read carefully and prayerfully, the de-scription of their character, found in Rev. 12:17, also Rev. 14:12, and go and do thou likewise, that you may finally be among those who will have a right to the tree of life, and enter in through the gates into the city. Rev. 22: 14. W. H. WILD. False Zeal. "THERE is a way that seemeth right unto a man, but the end thereof are the ways of death." Prov. 16: 25. Many a man has walked in a way that seemed to him right, but he has found or will finally find that the end of that way is destruc-tion. The Apostle Paul was very zealous in the persecution of the Church of God, and that seemed right to him. Satan blinded him with zeal, and made him believe it was right to destroy those who walked contrary to his views. Paul thought he was doing God service, but there came a time in his experience when he found he was walking in the wrong pathŠthe path that leads to everlasting destruction. When the Jews persecuted the divine Son of God, they thought they were doing right; that way seemed right to them. But Jesus did not do as some zealots are doing to-day, that is, employ govern-mental force to turn their hearts to God.  When hanging on the cross he prayed to his Father for them in the words : "Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do." This is Christ's Spirit, and he has promised to give his Spirit to all who accept him. That Spirit will lead us to acts of benevolence, acts of love,Špraying for all those who offend and grieve us by their evil ways. Now, is it right to persecute those who, to our minds, are walking contrary to the Word of God ? If so, did the Jews do right when they put the Son of God to death ? Did Paul do right when he per-secuted the Church in his day ? Or did the Catholic Church do right in persecut-ing the Church of God in "the Dark Ages ? Of course there is not a Protestant who will say that any of these did right. The Catholics will say that they did right to persecute " heretics," because it seems right to them. And will Protestants, who are persecuting seventh-day observers to-day, in the face of this, say that they are doing God service by their action ? They emphatically declare that the Catholics had no right to persecute Protestants in the past. Have Protestants any more right to persecute others than the Catho-lics had to persecute them ? Satan has blinded them as he did Saul of Tarsus, and as he has every one and every system that persecuted the followers of God. In the face of this persecution, the Prot-estant churches are calling for Christian unity. Can there possibly be true Chris-tian unity among all professed Chris-tians, while some are persecuting others ? The child of God does not persecute his fellowmen; he follows the Golden Rule, leaving every man free to serve God as he chooses. This is the Spirit of Christ. " Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his." ALFRED MALLETT. But One Remedy. " Lo, this only have I found, that God hath made man upright; but they have sought out many inventions." Eccl. 7:29. When our first parents came forth from the hand of their Maker, they were in harmony with correct principles and per-fect in every particular. They were in-structed in the ways of righteousness and informed as to the result of disobedience (Gen. 2: 16, 17), then left perfectly free to choose for themselves a course of ac-tion. Instead of free moral agents God might have made them mere machines without accountability, incapable of sinning, in which case progress and development of character would have been an impossi-bility; or, adopting the methods of the Sunday-law champions, he might have forced them into obedience to his will. But this never has been, and never will be, the divine plan, for the service of love is alone acceptable to God, therefore "the allegiance of his creatures must rest upon a conviction of his justice and benevo-lence." When Adam and Eve withdrew their faith from their Creator and placed it in the serpent, they transgressed the divine law and their natures became evil and in perfect harmony with Satan. And as natural law decreed that the herb and tree should bring forth " after his kind," and the cattle and every creeping thing "after his kind," so man, in his fallen condition, could bring forth offspring only " after 