MARCH 26, 1896. A.NUE CA .N.  SIEN7711INTIE1_, 103 in the Turkish population to meet the abso-lute needs of the people. The Armenian is domestic in his habits and aspirations and not military. In the early history of the race we do not find much written of their conquests. They did not go outside of their b irders, as a general thing, to conquer their neighbors. While not lacking in physical courage and prowess in war when called to defend their country against invasion, they did not seek to conquer. Sometimes in driving back an aggressive foe they carried the war into his territory and levied upon it for injuries received; yet it never seems to have been their ambition to be a great nation ruling over conquered races. Their Chief Ambition appears to have been to possess in quiet their beloved fatherland, "hairenik," where they might worship God according to the demands of their own national church. To-day they have no desire of conquest or ambition to rale. Their greatest wish is to be permitted to enjoy without fear the blessing of their simple domestic life, together with the privi-leges of worship and education and the op-portunity to possess in peace the fruits of their frugal industry. The Armenian loves his children and is most closely attached to his home. When he emigrates it is only for the purpose of trade and gain. His heart's affection centers in the old rude home to which he, if unprevented, will return to rejoin his loved ones. In all his native land the city or village of his birth is the dearest spot on earth. The Armenians are most simple and frugal in their manner of life. Uncomplaining and generally cheerful, they continue their occu-pations, following in the footsteps of their fathers without desire for change. The son of the carpenter is a carpenter content with the adz and saw, and the shoemaker sticks to his last without a thought of being anything else so long as that trade serves him. The home life is patriarchal, the father ruling the household, and the sons bringing their wives to the paternal roof. In the event of the death of the father the oldest son takes his place at the head of the family. The aged are held in high esteem, and their counsel sought and honored. The women occupy inferior positions, the nation copying many customs in regard to them from the Turks among whom they live. They are not an immoral race, but are inclined to drink wine, which is a cheap product of their country. CONSISTENCY AND THE CONSTITUTION. [Jewish Spectator, March 13, 1996.] THE Rev. C. J. Oehlschlaeger, a Lutheran clergyman of Richmond, Va., being invited to open the Virginia Legislature with prayer, declined, saying in explanation : " I don't believe in opening a promiscuous political body with prayer. The promiscuous char-acter of the body makes it an unnatural union of Church and State. I, as a Christian, and any member of the body, as a Christian, can privately pray for the session, but the State which that body represents has nothing to do with prayer." Whether "promiscuous" or not, any secular or legislative body, but more especially the House and the Senate of the United States, should not employ a chaplain, no matter what denomination he represents. The Constitution explicitly and emphatically declares the complete separation of Church and State, and any religious func- tion or ceremony is entirely out of place in the public councils of state or nation. The salaries paid to chaplains are evidently a misappropriation of public funds, and the language those reverend gentlemen use to please political partisans frequently shocks the feelings of truly religious and highly cultured men and women. OUR CANADIAN SPECIAL. THE next number of the SENTINEL will be a Special treating on religious persecution in Canada. Extra copies will be furnished at the usual rates, $1 per hundred. Here are offers which will enable you to send this issue of the SENTINEL to scores, yes, hundreds of your friends for the first cost of the paper, without the additional postage OFFER NO. 1. Send a list of the names and addresses of your friends, plainly written, and we will send copies of this issue of the SENTINEL to any number of names for one and a quarter cents each. OFFER No. 2. Send us wrappers, shaped and addressed similarly to the following cut, and we will send the SENTINEL you desire to one hundred names for one dollar. Wrappers of thin manilla paper are the best. Be careful to write the names and addresses plainly, and write them about an inch or an inch and a half from the edge. The wrappers should be about eight by eleven inches; with the corners clipped, as in cut. In mailing the wrappers to us, don't fold them but roll them. 1-4-° A. 9r El OF THE CATHOLIC CHURCH. History repeats itself, because human nature is the same in all ages of the world. Hence, he who would know HOW TO AVOID ERROR IN THE FUTURE must know how errors have developed in the past. The "Fathers of the Catholic Church" shows the condition of the heathen world at the time of Christ, briefly states the principles of ancient heathen philosophy, and shows how the adoption of these principles by prominent men in the Church, and the incautious lowering of the stand-ard of pure Christianity, developed the papacy, which was simply a new form of paganism. The chapter on SUN.-WORSHIP AND SUNDAY is alone worth the price of the book. Fine English Cloth, Substantially Bound, CONTAINS ABOUT 400 PAGES, Will be Sent Post-paid for $1.00 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York. Oakland, Cal. Kansas City, Mo. PUBLIC(ITIONS ON THE S(11313(1TH QUESTION. The %biding.  Sabbath. By A. T. JONES. No. 9 of the Bible Students' Library. This is a review of two Sabbath "prize essays," one of $500, and' one of $1,000. It contains mighty arguments on the Sabbath question; 174 pages; price, 15 cents. Ifs Sunday the Sabbath? No. 24 of the Li-brary. A brief consideration of New Testament texts on the first day of the week; 8 pages; price, 1 cent. Nature and Obligation of the Sabbath of the Fourth Commandment. By J. H. Waggoner. No. 54 of the Library. Clear and strong in argument; price, 10 cents. Sunday; Origin of its Observance in the Christian Church. By E. J. Waggoner. No. 80 of the Library. The testimony given with reference to Sunday is wholly Protestant. All Protestants should read it ; price, 15 cents. Who Changed the Sabbath? No. 107 of the Library. What God's Word predicted; what Christ says; what the papacy says, what Protestants say. A most convincing document; 24 pages; price, 3 cents. "The Christian Sabbath." No. 113 of the Library. A reprint of four articles in the Catholic Mirror, the organ of Cardinal Gibbons. What Cath-olics have to say to Protestants on the subject; 32 pages; price, 4 cents. Christ and the Sabbath. By Prof. W. W. Prescott. The spiritual nature of the Sabbath, what true Sabbath keeping is, and the relation of Christ to the Sabbath in both creation and redemption. A most important tract. No. 14 of the Religious Liberty Li-brary; 38 pages ; price, 5 cents. The History of the Sabbath. By John N. Andrews. A complete history of tht Sabbath and first day of the week in religions life and thought, from the earliest ages to the present time, and especially during the Christian dispensation ; 550 large octavo pages Ł price, cloth, $2.00; library binding, $2.50 THE RIGHTS of the PEOPLE Or Civil Government and Religion By Alonzo T. Jones. An Up-to-Date Pamphlet on the Principles of Religious Liberty. "THE RIGHTS OF THE PEOPLE" contains fifteen chap-ters, the following being a portion of the chapter headings :Š Christianity and the Roman EmpireŠWhat is due to God and What to CaesarŠThe Powers That -BeŠHow the United States Became a Christian NationŠWhat is the Nation IŠWho Made the Nation IŠReligious Right in the United StatesŠReligious Right InvadedŠThe People's Right of AppealŠNational Precedent on Right of Appeal ŠSunday-law Movement in the Fourth Century and Its Parallel in the NineteenthŠWill the Pei:4)1e Assert and Maintain Their Rights IŠReligious Rights in the States. A Fine Edition on laid paper is also ready. It is neatly bound in cloth. Price One Dollar. Address all orders to PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 39 Bond St., New York 18 W. Fifth St., Kansas City, Mo. 12th & Castro Sts. Oakland, Cal. SweepingEverything Clean Before It. SEE WHAT THE PEOPLE SAY: Milwaukee, Wis., Jan. 1, 1896. I feel qualified to give my hearty indorse-ment to the Coon Bros. Cyclone Washer. I believe it to be the best washer ever invented. It works easily, washing the clothes clean without wearing them and without the use of the washboard. It is a great labor-saving machine, and if you once use it you cannot get along without it. MRS. J. DAVIE, 599 Washington. THE "CYCLONE" STILL WHIRLS YOUNG WOMAN CULTIVATE MEMOYOURRY. Procure a set of BIBLE EXERCISE CARDS containing precious texts on the PROMISES OF GOD and RULES FOR THE CHRISTIAN that every Christian should memorize. INTERESTING, INSTRUCTIVE, INSPIRING, 25c per set. Address, Wm. WARD SIMPSON, Battle Creek, Mich. 