til,th111111011' ,r:Ł!"'".114  1011011111111 iil Equal and exact justice to all rrlerl, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas Jeferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, MAY 1, 1890. NUMBER 18. The American Sentinel..  PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 48 BOND ST,, NEW Yorai. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. IT is said that the Catholics of Manitoba have a grievance, the Legislature of that Province having passed an act forbidding the Catholics to have separate schools, and requiring all classes to patronize the na-tional secular schools. This is certainly an infringement of religious liberty. Peo-ple of any religion, or no religion, certainly have a right to educate their children in their own faith, and in their own schools, if they see fit to do so. It seems clear that the State should make it possible for all children to obtain an education, the same as it provides means whereby they may, if other sources fail, obtain food and. clothing, but it would be just as consistent for the State to insist that all children shall eat certain things and. be  clothed in a certain way, as to insist that they shall be educated in a certain way. The Catholic opposition to public schools is certainly unwise and wrong, but Protestants should not go to ,-11.e other extreme and deprive Catholics of their right to maintain their own schools. Catholics have rights as citizens, as well as Protestants. IN the Christian Nation,, of lVf arch 26, Rev. John A. Dodds discusses the Wis-consin Supreme Court decision on the Bible in the schools. He declares that ac-cording to this decision " Wisconsin is well on the way toward the religion and mo-rality of the Hottentots and of the French revolutionists; " and that, " if the Su-preme Court of Wisconsin has interpreted the Constitution aright in this respect, it is certainly a covenant with death and an agreement with hell." He says, "It is un-American, unchristian, and in the light of our past history, it is a falsehood." He an- nounces that the "condition of things in that State will bring the wrath of Al-mighty God on the whole Nation if it be allowed to continue," and quotes "Shall not my soul be avenged on such a Nation as this ? " He calls it "The surrender of the magna charta of our American Prot-estant Christian liberty." He supports his statement by the following piece of logic :Š Bible morality and Bible religion is the parentage of every State in the Union, therefore the command to honor thy father and thy mother is binding on all the States individually and unitedly. " He that wasteth his father and chaseth away his mother, is a son that bringeth reproach." Prov. 19:26. Re-proach in this case attaches to all the members of the family. And upon this he calls loudly for the removal of this reproach, by having the Constitution of the United States " so amended as to give an undeniable legal ba-sis " to Christianity, or rather to what the theological instructors shall declare is Christianity. What Is a Sect? WE have before stated that the New York Christian Advocate, the represent-ative journal of all Methodism in the United States, disapproves of the Wiscon: sin decision. It gives considerable space to the discussion of it in its issue of April 3, under the heading, " The Bible Not Sec-tarian," in the attempt to prove that the Bible is not sectarian. In proof it argues thus :Š The court contends that the Bible is a " sectarian " book. Sectarian means that which pertains to a sect. A sect is something cut off, a division. The Jews are not a sect; but there are sects among them The Mohammedans are not a sect; but there are sects among them. Christianity is simply a re-ligion not a sect; but it embraces sects, plenty of them. The Roman Catholic Church is a sect, so is the Presbyterian, the Protestant Episcopal and other churches. All these Christian sects accept the Bible, not all the same version precisely, but substantially the same book. It was not the Bible in any such sense as the Advocate uses, that the Wisconsin Court pronounced sectarian. No such question as that was involved in the case. The question before the court was not the abstract question of what the Bible is, without any reference to version, or any-thing of that kind. The question before the court was, Whether the reading of King James's version of the Bible in the public schools is sectarian instruction within the meaning of the Constitution ? The court decided that it is. And this, oven the Christian Advocate's argument here given will justify. It says : " The Roman Cath-olic Church is a sect." Then is not the Roman Catholic version of the ScripturesŠthat version which is accepted alone by Catholics, and which is rejected and de-nounced by ProtestantsŠis not that ver-sion then a sectarian version? If the Roman Catholic Church is a sect, then assuredly that version of the Scripture is sectarian which is according to their views and is accepted only by them, and is renounced and denounced by all other sects. And, by parity of reasoning, PrŁot-estanism is a sect, and that version which is accepted only by Protestants, which is called the Protestant version, and which is disagreed to and is denounced by Ro-man Catholics and others, is sectarian. And, in deciding the question which came before the court, as it arose, as it was tried, and as it was argued throughout, that court could not have come to any other just conclusion than that King James's version of the Bible, the Protestant ver-sion, is sectarian. But the Advocate's argument upon what is a sect is a queer thing. Mark, it says : " A sect is something cut off, a division; " then it says, " The Jews are not a sect, and the Mohammedans are not a sect and that Christianity is not a sect." It is proper before going further, to give the full definition of the word sect. It is this :Š SECT, from Latin secare, section to cut off, to separate.. Hence, a Ł body of persons who have separated from others hi virtue of some special doctrine, or set of doctrines, which they hold in common; a school or denomination; especially, a religious denomination. Now when Mohammedanism began, when Mohammed and Abubeker, with their few 