THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 279 the people of God, shall continue his wicked work and sustain his blasphemous pretensions. " That better day " will come, but it will be ushered in not by hu-man reform, but by the coming of our Lord, by the dashing in pieces of all earthly powers, and by the setting lip of the everlasting kingdom of God. However, on the whole, " Paganism Surviving in Christianity "'is one of the best books with which we are acquainted, and we wish that everybody would read it. C. P. B. NATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Baptists Appeal to Civil Law. THE Baptist Church and the Young Men's Chris-tian Association of Englewood, a suburb of Chi-cago, have determined that the managers of the Marlowe theater, of Englewood, shall give no Sunday night entertainments. This suburb has recently been annexed to the city of Chicago, and the theater has paid its license to the city, and claims to be subject to the ordinances of the city to which it pays license; but the church people of Englewood are determined to enforce upon the theater the Sunday closing laws which existed be-fore the annexation. The Baptist church is next door to the theater, although it is claimed that the construction is such that neither is a disturbance to the other. Services or entertainments in progress in one can not be heard in the interior of the other building. Sunday, August 21, the church faction secured the co-operation of the police, and suc-ceeded in so intimidating the actors that they re- fused to go upon the stage, and the considerable audience which had gathered was disappointed. The theater management returned all admission fees, and prepared to contest the question both by civil injunction against the local authorities and by public argument. On the evening of Sunday, August 28, the theater was thrown open for the discussion of the Sunday closing question. The advocates of Sunday closing by law apparently preferred, however, to carry on their agitation where they could not hear the voices of opponents, or meet with any dissenting views or arguments uncomfortably difficult to answer. They, there- fore, gave out in their forenoon services that there would be no mass-meeting at the theater in the evening, as there would be no speakers present, and appointed a union meeting of the churches in a more godly place. Despite this misrepresentation, the theater was crowded to hear the principles of civil liberty in religious matters presented. The 'auditorium which seats fifteen hundred was filled and the aisles and lobbies packed to the doors. A series of resolutions was adopted protesting against Sunday closing by authority of law, and also this in reference to the World's Fair :Š A mass-meeting of the citizens of Englewood, bearing in mind the policy of the American Re-public that there shall be a perpetual separation of Church and State, look with alarm upon the tend-ency of the times in seeking legislation to advance merely religious interests; therefore be it Resolved, That we protest against the act of Congress providing for the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, and we urge that such act in so far as it relates to Sunday be repealed. The Chicago Times, reporting the meeting, says: The first speaker was A. T. Ballenger, secretary of the National Religious Liberty Association. He had been sent to Englewood under the information that the Marlowe theatre managers were persecut-ing the Baptist Church. When he looked over the ground he found the shoe was upon the wrong foot. He said he had never witnessed a more fla-grant example of church bigotry and intolerance than is being manifested in Englewood and backed up by a mayor and chief of police who were too cowardly to close Garfield park race track. [cheers. ] It was the old, old 4tory of religious bigotry which  compassed the crucifixion of Christ, which stoned Stephen, which cast the early martyrs to the wild beasts, which maintained the Inquisition, which caused a Protestant judge to sentence Michael Servetus to be burned at the stake, which prompted the Boston magistrates in Gov. Endicott's time to hang three "heretics" and sentenced two Quaker women to be publicly whipped and driven from the colony. It was the same religious bigotry that burned the Salem witches. It was the same religious intolerance which drove Roger Williams from home in the dead of winter to take shelter with Massasoit, the Indian chief, and caused that red " heretic " to exclaim : "What a God have the- English that they persecute each other so !" It was the same kind of religious bigotry which sent four honest farmers of Tennessee to jail a few weeks ago for observing the seventh day of the week as a day of rest and working on Sunday. It was the same religious but unchristian bigotry which threatens to close the World's Fair on Sun- day. It was time to rise and repel such tyranny. [Cheers.] COMPULSION NOT THE SPIRIT OF CHRIST. It is this bigotry and intolerance that the Na-tional Religious Liberty Association is fighting. It is an attempted union of Church and State. "I am a Christian," concluded the Rev. Mr. Ballenger, " but not the kind of a Christian that invokes a policeman's club to his assistance in converting the world. Compulsion is not the spirit of Christ. It is the result of the union of Church and State. Matters are approaching a grave crisis when a church can dominate the civil power, and call out a platoon of police to enforce the edicts of the so-called Christians. If the Baptist church in Engle-wood can close up this place it can close up your place, and it would be just as consistent if they would call out the police and close up all other churches and compel everybody in Englewood to worship at the Baptist church. It would come to pass that the church having-the strongest pull with the police department would have the biggest con-gregation. I tell you, my hearers, that eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." [Prolonged cheers.] The chairman then introduced the Rev. A. T. Jones, editor of THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, New York. Mr. Jones talks as emphatically as a pile-driver, and every time he came down the audience applauded. He said the question was simply whether the civil power should be dominated by the religious power. The question concerned not only Englewood, but the whole people of the United States. The speaker read extracts from the Constitutions of the United States and the various States showing that the cornerstone of re-publican institutions was complete religious liberty. "The action of the Englewood fanatics," he con-tinued, "is indorsed by neither civil nor divine law. Jesus Christ was the author of free thought and religious liberty. It was the Master who said: If any man hear my words and believe not I con-demn him not.' If Christ had been fashioned after the Englewood fanatics, he would have called for a squad of police and clubbed his enemies into sub-jection." [Cheers.] . . Mr. Jones spoke nearly two hours. AFTER THE OTHER THEATERS. It appears that the Young Men's Christian Association of Englewood, puffed up by its recent victory, is going to close all the Sunday night theaters in Chicago. The Englewood Eye, the organ of the closing faction, says:Š Secretary T. P, Day, of the Englewood Young Men's Chris-tian Association is organizing a movement which is being en-tered into by the churches and Young Men's Christian Associa-tions all over the city to close every Sunday theatre in Chi-cago. Six days in the week is enough for business and play-house employees, and actors ought to have a rest one day in seven the same as other folks. The Englewood Call contains the following, which is given as the sentiment of the closing fac-tion:Š From the agitation of the question of opening the Marlowe theatre Sunday evenings will spring a movement for the sup-pression of Sunday theatrical performances all over the city. The plans are already laid and many prominent people are enlisted in the cause. It will be inaugurated by the emphatic-ally expressed sentiment of all the churches, and a united and systematic movement will then be carried on. The church people of Englewood are thoroughly determined to close all theatres and places of amusement on Sunday. They have appointed a committee of five to employ counsel and take measures to attain this end. A CORRESPONDENT for the Daily News, of Moor-head, Minn , speaking of the organized effort to secure religious legislation in this country, says :Š " We might console ourselves with the idea that these were only a few misguided individuals, and therefore no harm could come of it, did we not  know that the Association is legally incorporated, having a publishing house and its own literature, a president and one hundred and twenty vice-presi-dents, representing thirty States, with our country divided into districts, over which presides a district secretary; that among these may be found some of the leading men of the land, including college pro-fessors and doctors of divinity; and that allied with them are some of the strongest and most in-fluential organizations in the country. In fact, they form one of the most potent religious com-binations, and that for a political purpose. They are aiming at nothing less than the control of the civil arm for the furtherance of the interests of the Church. Now is there danger in such a com-bination ? From the Senate Report, 1829, we read : Extensive religious combinations, to effect a polit-ical object are, in the opinion of the committee, always dangerous. . . . All religious despotism commences by combination and influence; and when that influence begins to operate upon the po-litical institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it, and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the conse-quences.' " Will the people of this generation take heed to the warning before it is too late ?" Sixteenth Annual Congress of the American Secular Union. THE Sixtdenth Annual Congress of the American Secular Union will be held at Chicago, October 23, 24 and 25. This society was organized in Philadelphia, July 4, 1876, to oppose the encroachments of the Na-tional Reform Association upon religious liberty. The action of Congress in closing the World's Fair on Sundays, at the dictation of a Christian minority, demonstrates that the existence of an active, secular society is a necessity. It also shows how much may be done by thorough organization. That the Exposition has been ordered closed in accordance with the demand of the people, no one pretends: It has been done by an inferior faction in spite of the people's protest. It is a legend in this Republic that "government derives its just powers from the consent of the governed." This principle underlies the very existence of the Republic. Through its practical acceptance the United States of America has become the ideal of the world. It represents no king, no priest, no religion, but the people only. The National Re-form Association, the American Sabbath Associa-tion, the Prohibition party, combining with other less prominent organizations, have ignored the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States by declaring that God, and not the people, is the immediate source of all political power, thus indorsing the fundamental principle of a theocracy. With this claim they have succeeded in secur-ing governmental recognition of what they claim as " God's day." Not only have they captured the executive, but the judiciary. The Supreme Court has been se-duced to decide in favor of the proposed theocracy, by declaring that " this is a Christian Nation." Accordingly, people who are not acting in ac-cordance with the Christianity which is recognized by the authorities, are fined and imprisoned, their property confiscated, and although the vast ma-jority believe in freedom of speech and press, and in religious liberty, yet so undisciplined are the loyal forces that no combined resistance is made to this unconstitutional invasion of individual rights. We hope that every Secularist who can do so, whether liberal or Christian, will attend the Con-gress, October 23. We desire especially that the lecturers should be present. At the coming convention the advisability of holding an International Congress in 1893 will be considered. The Board is merely representative, " and can go no farther than the members of the or-ganization enable it to go. It is the members, then, and not the Board, that must decide this question. As the dedication of the Columbian Exposition immediately precedes the Congress, the reduced rates on the railroads at that time will enable lib-erals throughout the country to attend. Trusting that advantage will be taken of this opportunity, we extend to you, one and all, a cordial invitation to be present, and aid us with your wisdom and advice in outlining the future work and policy of the organization. CHARLES B. WAITE, President Am. Secular Union. Chicago, Aug. 22, 1892. 