744 AMERICAN SENTINEL. No believers in the Koran are wanted in this coun-try. Such was the decision arrived at recently by the Federal Board of Immigration in this city. THE case was that of six Mohammedan immigrants, who had arrived from the Orient on the steamer "Califor-nia." At the Barge Office, upon being questioned, it was learned that they all believed in the Koran. The Koran sanctions polygamy. And from this the decision was ar-rived at that they must not be allowed to land. * As a matter of fact, not one of the six Mohammedans had more than eine wife. That they were polygamists in practice, or contemplated becoming such in this country, no one claimed. They simply believed in the Koran, like all good Mohammedans; and this was the whole case against them. THERE was an act of Congress passed in 1891 which enumerates polygamists among the classes which it is thought proper to exclude from this country. Among others named in this class are idiots and insane persons, criminals, those suffering from loathsome or contagious diseases, etc. To classify among such persons simple be-lievers in the Koran is a proceeding in which there is neither reason nor justice. And when it is done, as in this instance, the conclusion at once suggests itself that the real opposition in the matter is directed against the religion for which the Koran stands. * THIS conclusion would not so readily come into view but for the fact that the United States has within recent years been posing as a Christian nation. Not yet have the last echoes died away of that decision by the Supreme Court, in February, 1892, that "this is a Christian na-tion." And with the opening of Congress next, month, a million and a half of names will come before the national legislature calling for a recognition of God in the Consti-tution. These names represent the great society of Christian Endeavor aiad other great religious organiza-tions are helping to permeate the country with the same idea of a national Christianity: Such being the circum-stances of the situation, it cannot be regarded as impos-sible or even improbable that this sentiment may have  had something to do with this decision against the adhe-rents of the Koran. IF it is to be established as a rule of national proce-dure that such a theoretical violation of the law as exists in the adherence of these six Mohammedans to the reli-gious guide-book of their race, which sanctions polyg-amy, without the slightest allusion, actual or contem-plated, to any violation of the law in practice, is suffi-cient ground for excluding an individual from residence in this country, then it is evident_ that justice is here about to take on an inquisitorial character which will be fatal to the survival of liberty. And of this there are, in-deed, many existing indications. * A QUESTION which has arisen in connection with the flag salute which has become a feature of the exercises in some of the public schools, as noticed last week, is that of what constitutes loyalty to country. It appears that a refusal to salute the flag in the manner prescribed, is quite apt to be taken as justifying a charge .of treason against the objector. . THERE is a legal definition of treason, but this can hardly be applied to the circumstances under considera-tion. In a general sense, it will no doubt be acknowl-edged that treason can only be that which tends to the destruction of one's country, and that nothing which tends to its prosperity can rightfully be called by that name. But, determined from this standpoint, many in-dividuals appear as traitors who by reason of prevailing sentiments and conditions, have been able to pose before the people as patriots, and who were even persuaded that they were such in their own minds. History is acquainted with many individuals of this class. WE might go back to ancient times to find an illus-tration upon this point". In the reign of Ahab, king of Israel, there was great distress upon the land by reason of a three years' drought, sent by the Lord upon the people because of their apostasy fiŁom him. For this apostasy King Ahab was himself responsible, having set the example in it and promoted it by the decrees of the kingdom. But when at last Ahab met Elijah, the prophet of the Lord, he exclaimed, "Art thou he that troubleth Israel?" He accused Elijah of being a traitor to the realm ; when the truth was that he himself was a traitor, because by his course he had brought the country to the brink of ruin. a * NAPOLEON is not generally regarded as a traitor to France. On the contrary, he is honored by the French nation as one of their greatest heroes. But what did he 