518 AMERICAN SENTINEL. der and manslaughter, and notifying every man whose wife may go astray that he may kill the man who be-comes her companion, without the slightest fear even of a fine. "The fact is, as every intelligent person knows, that no man ever 'alienates the affections' of a wife. It is safe to assume that in such cases the alienation was ef-fected long before the other man came upon the scene, and in face of the obligation resting upon every husband to retain the love and regard of his wife. When a gov-ernor not only uses his pardoning power in one case, but in effect promises to use it in every case, to shield murder done for this cause, thus authorizing jealous and hot-headed men to make themselves judge, jury and execu-tioner, without even hearing testimony. that governor becomes an enemy of the law which he is sworn to main-tain, an instigator of crime and its official protector." Minority Government in the United States. Albert Hart, in t' Christian Register." THE most familiar principle of American politics is that the majority invariable rules. This principle is sup-posed to be the foundation of popular government, to distinguish republics from oligarchies and monarchies, and civilized republics from anarchies: it is the stock theine of those who boast of the free system of America. It is the principle nearly universal in clubs, meetings, and stock companies. The principle of the supremacy of the majority is sup-posed to apply with peculiar force in the United States, where a long course of political training has accustomed people to submit to a political defeat without a military struggle. Where, in a Spanish-American State, a party beaten at the polls takes refuge in a revolution, we com-fortably assure ourselves that we are willing to wait for a slow change of public opinion; and we compare our-selves favorably with people who consent to accept "the will of an autocratic emperor or of a titled House Lords." In practice there is not and never has been in the United States, or elsewhere in the world, such a thing as majority government. If we have never known the will of an absolute monarch or the weight of a small, con-quering host, we nevertheless submit regularly and pa-tiently to the rule of a fraction of the population. Out of our population of seventy millions, nearly half is cut off from voting because of its sex ; and all the male chil-dren and minors are also excludrn. Unnaturalized for-eigners are in most States not allowed to vote. The total number of voters in1896 was only about sixteen millions; and of these only some thirteen millions, perhaps, actu-ally cast votes for presidential elect ors. Assuming that all the persons who cast their votes are actuated by intelligent principles, the political ma-chinery in use in the United States, is, nevertheless, so arranged as to prevent the will of the majority of voters from prevaling. Most elections are but a choice between two complicated propositions. Shall the representative  of one party, with its variety of schemes and policies, be chosen? or shall a man who has another set of promises be preferred? Shall a member of a legislature be chosen who will vote for three measures of benefit to his commu-nity and for two which will bear against those interests? or another person, who will vote for four measures in favor of his district and for only one against it, but who is notoriously venal? The poor majority finds itself con-fused, and in most cases ends by voting the straight ticket put up by the party with which it is in general most in accord. Where the country supposes that two tickets represent 4'o distinct lines of policy, what is the guarantee that the party which gets the majority will press that issue to a settlement? The voter is not able to bring up for a vote men who do distinctly stand for his principle, because the nomina-tions of candidates are in few hands. In the city of Greater New York the "Republican organization" num-bers, perhaps, five thousand persons, the "Democratic organization" not many more; and the "organizations" nominate the candidates. In such a case it is nearly im-possible for voters, in large districts, to know the char-acter of candidates put forward. Add to this the fact that most municipal and many State tickets are made up by a previous combination, the friends of one candidate agreeing with the friends of a candidate for a different office that their votes shall be joined for both persons, and we have a state of things in which the shrewd and able minority which controls the party machinery must in most cases impress its candidates, and thus its policy, upon the blundering majority. Another political engine distinctly intended to further minority government is the Gerrymander. Its effect, wherever applied, is so to combine groups of votes as to enable the minority party to elect more persons than are chosen by the majority party. Further, without any such jugglery, our peculiar system of presidential elec-tions is such that it is a well known fact that at least three Presidents of the United States have received a smaller number of popular votes in the aggregate than their defeated opponents. In carrying on popular elections, third parties and third candidates favor minority government, because, under the almost universal American custom, a plurality of votes elects, so that persons are very often chosen who have less than a majority of the votes cast. A more se-rious disturbance is bribery. It need hardly be pointed out, in a country in which money is regularly used in many States at every important election, that buying votes is a transfer of a national majority into a ruling minority, and, eventually, if unchecked, into an oligarchy of men rich enough to buy votes on a great scale. Quite aside from party fealty is the practice of "log-rolling." This exactly corresponds in legislation to the making of slates in elections. A agrees to vote for B's amendment, if B will vote for A's; and A and B, 