116 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. along, educational and otherwise. The end of such a beginning would not be far away. But, suppose this Blair Sunday bill becomes a law, men will be compelled to observe the day as a day of rest, whether they wish to or not. What are Adventists and Seventh-day Baptists and Jews going to do ? Simply be compelled, contrary to the dictates of their own consciences, to observe a day that they do not regard as sacred; and, further, they and others will be compelled to attend church somewhere, whether they wish to or not. Isn't that persecution? Isn't that going back to colonial times, when men were fined and imprisoned for non-attendance at pub-lic worship? Suppose a man has no more re-gard for Sunday than for any other day, and thinks he has a perfect right to spend the day as he pleases, provided he does not interfere with others in their observance of it, would it be right for them to compel him to observe the day in accordance with their views of its proper ob-servance? Suppose he is a laboring man, and is compelled to toil six days in the week, when there is work, and he has an invalid wife, and he thinks when Sunday comes he cannot do bet-ter than to take his wife out into the country, to see the green fields and enjoy the pure country air, and thus give to her a little longer lease of life, and I should say to him, "See here; the law forbids your going on excursions on Sunday, or hitching up and driving your horse, simply for purposes of recreation." Suppose he should say: " This is a free country, and I have a right to do as I please on Sunday, provided I don't in-terfere with the happiness of anybody else." And I should answer: "But our new Sunday law for-bids your doing anything that will disturb the quiet of the Sabbath." He would say: "What do I care about your Sabbath ? I don't believe in your Sabbath, and why should my liberty be judged by another man's conscience?" But I answer: "The law compels you to observe the Sabbath, to gratify my sense of the sacredness of the day." Then he would answer, "Your Sun-day law is unconstitutional." In September, 1779, Congress proposed that immortal first amendment to the Constitution, which, it is hoped, will never be set aside. It reads as fol-lows: " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, or of the right of the people, peaceably to assemble and petition the Government for a redress of grievances." Thus religious liberty was planted in our na-tional Constitution. But this was not brought about, remember, until long years of persecution had been endured by Baptists, Quakers, and others, at the hands of Ł those denominations in different colonies that had secured for themselves authority from the " mother country " to " lord it over God's heritage," and compel everyone to conform to their church authority. Shall these United States, after more than a hundred years of progress in religious liberty, go back to those bigoted times, under which our forefathers gro.aned, and from which they so nobly strug-gled to be released.? God forbid ! The colony of Massachusetts was settled by the Puritans, in 1630, but, before they landed, the " Court of Assistants" passed the law connecting Church and State. The colony in Connecticut was set-tled by the Puritans, who also united Church and State. The colony in Virginia was settled by Episcopalians, or members from the Church  of England. They also united Church and State. Those of Massachusetts and Connecticut were Congregationalists. Ministers were to be supported by taxation. When anyone of any other denomination refused to pay the tax im-posed on them for the support of the State Church and its ministers, he was fined, imprisoned, whipped, or banished, and after being banished, if he re-turned, he was hung. Many instances are on record of such perse-cution in early colonial times. For fifty years in the Colony of Massachusetts no man could vote for his rulers unless he was a communicant in their churches. Roger ,Williams, a Baptist, was banished from Salem, in 1636, and his per-secutors, fearing he would establish another col-ony, determined to send him back to England ; but he, getting wind of their intentions, fled and took up his abode among the Indians, and for more than a year remained among them, learning their language and preaching the gospel to them, and it was through him that the Massachusetts Colony was saved from utter extermination at the hands of the cruel savages. On July 20, 1651, Obadiah Holmes, John Clark, and John Crandall, Baptist ministers from Newport, R. I., were arrested near Lynn, Mass., while preaching on the Sabbath, taken by the officers to the parish church in the afternoon, sent to Bristol jail, and subsequently fined; Mr. Holmes, £30 ($150); Mr. Clark, £20 ($100); and Mr. Crandall, £5 ($25). The fines of Clark and Crandall were after a while paid, but Mr. Holmes was kept in Boston jail till September, when he was tied to the whipping-post and pub-licly whipped. His clothes were stripped off, and thirty lashes sank into his naked flesh, the exe-cutioner striking with all his might, spitting upon his hands three times, so that he might do his utmost. The flesh of Mr. Holmes was so torn and cut that for weeks afterward he could only rest upon his hands and knees, even in his bed. Two men who came up and shook hands with Mr. Holmes after his whipping, John Hazel and John Spur, one not saying a word, and the other saying, "Blessed be the Lord," were fined and imprisoned for the act. In October, 1658, a law was passed in Boston to banish Quakers on pain of death. On October 27, 1659, William Robinson and Marmaduke Stevenson were hanged in Boston, for returning after banishment, because they were Quakers. In 1660 and 1661 two more, a woman and a man, were hung for alike crime. In 1635 President Dunster, of Cambridge College, preached a sermon in which he declared that he found no scriptural authority for infant baptism, and for this doctrine he was removed from the presidency. This sermon awakened inquiry, and, in 1665, Thomas Gould, of Charleston, refused to have his baby baptized, because he believed it to be unscriptural. For this they censured him in their church, and punished him in their courts for more than seven years. The Congregation-alists of England strongly protested against these persecutions in Massachusetts. . They said in a letter to Captain Oliver, dated March 25, 1669: "Now must we force our interpretations upon others, Pope-like? How do you cast a reproach upon us who are Congregational in England, and furnish our adversaries with weapons against us? We blush, and are filled with shame and con-fusion of face; when we hear of these things." In March, 1729, in Rehoboath, twenty-eight Baptists, two Quakers, and two Episcopalians  were sent to Bristol jail for refusing to pay the parish minister's tax. In Connecticut every town was required to support an orthodox min-ister, or be indicted by the grand jury and suffer penalties. In 1744 John and Ebenezer Cleveland were expelled from Yale College for attending another church in vacation. In 1747, at Hartford, three ministers were imprisoned for preaching without the consent of the parish minister, one four months, one five, and one eleven months. At Archfield, Conn., in 1770, 398 acres of land, belonging to Baptists, were seized and sold to pay the minister's tax. In vain for three years they sought relief from the Legislature, and finally they appealed to the king and council and got the law disannulled. In Virginia, under the establishment of the Episcopal Church, laws of the severest char-acter were enacted against the Quakers and others. In 1661-62 a fine of fifty pounds of tobacco was imposed for every failure to attend the parish church on Sunday, unless necessarily confined to home, and £20 sterling ($100) for each month's absence of a dissente or noncon-formist from the established church. They im-posed a fine of a ton of tobacco for neglecting to have an infant baptized. Men and women were indicted and fined for not attending chuich. Some Baptist ministers were arrested and im-prisoned as vagrants, some were pulled down from the stands on which they were preaching, and insulted and whipped, while many were im-prisoned for preaching the gospel not according to the established church. A national Constitution for the United States was adopted in 1787. Its provisions were sat-isfactory, so far as they went, but many felt that religious liberty was not sufficiently guarded. The Baptist General Committee of Virginia, in 1788, expressed their disapproval of this im-portant omission, and after consultation with James Madison, this committee, in August, 1789, wrote to General Washington, then President of the United States, saying they feared that liberty of conscience, dearer to them than property or life, was not sufficiently guarded. Washington gave a kind and encouraging re-ply. I will give a few extracts from his reply: " I have often expressed my sentiments that every man conducting himself as a good citizen, and being accountable to God alone for his religious opinions, ought to be protected in worshiping God according to the dictates of his own con-science. . . While I recollect with satisfac-tion that the religious society of which you are members have been throughout America uni-formly and almost unanimously the firm friends to civil liberty, and the persevering promoters of our glorious revelation, I cannot hesitate to believe that they will be the faithful supporters of a free, yet efficient, general Government. Un-der this pleasing expectation I rejoice to assure them that they may rely on my best wishes and endeavors to advance their prosperity. . . . In the meantime be assured, gentlemen, that I entertain a proper sense of your present supplica-tions to God for my temporal and eternal hap- piness. . . . I am, gentlemen, your most obedient servant, GEORGE WASHINGTON." I have quoted these examples from colonial times to show you what will be the result in this country again if we attempt to compel Sunday observance by national law. 