232 Th1 AisitmRicAT Advocate and all connected with it are outlawed, and beyond the protection of the law, for themselves and their prop-erty ? All men, even sinners like Mr. Carnegie and the editor of the Christian Advocate, are under the protection of the law; and even if they should be criminals, as well, still they are not beyond the pale; the law must care for them and protect them and their property. What is the clue to the logical labyrinth in which the Advocate is so hopelessly lost in this short paragraph ? It lies in the assumption of the Advocate that hu-man law can just as properly enforce re-ligious duties as protect civil rights. That is where the Advocate is in error. The Carnegie Steel and Iron Company has the same right to permit its men to labor on Sunday, and to teach them that it is proper they should do so, that the Advo-cate has to permit its employees to work on the Sabbath of the Bible and teach them that it is proper they should do so. No human law can properly be a restriction upon either. In this matter they stand upon an equality. The Advocate does not do well to suggest the outlawry of a man and his business because of a differ-ence of religious opinion or practice. W. H. M. - The Congressional "Council, or Assembly, or Synod, or Conference." REFERRING to the recent discussion in Congress over the closing of the World's Fair on Sunday, the chaplain of the Sen-ate, J. G. Butler, D. D., says, in the New York Independent, of July 28 : " During this debate you might have imagined yourself in a general council, or assembly, or synod, or conference." Indeed, for such it virtually wasŠa religious affair throughout. Such was also the nature of the discussions in certain religio-political assemblies in the days of Constantine, when Church and State were united, and pagan Rome, under the apocalyptic sym-bol of the dragon, gave to papacy " his power, and his seat, and great authority." This same Senate chaplain, in the same paper, says : " Never more surely than now would avowed hostility to God, his day (Sunday he means) and word and house and kingdom, remand a public servant to private life." And this is simply to say that this Government is being run upon a reli-gious basis, and that practically religious tests are required as a qualification for offices of public trust under itŠa thing distinctly forbidden by the national Consti-tution. But a system of government which will remand a citizen to private life because of his attitude toward religion, will also remand a citizen from private life to prison, though he believe in God, his day and word and house and kingdom, if he does not believe in these in accordance with. the " orthodox" faith, and conform to the religious customs of the majority. Proof of this is furnished in the recent persecutions in Tennessee. Because cer-tain private citizens, after conscientiously keeping the Sabbath of the Lord, the seventh day, quietly labored on their farms on Sunday, as was their God-given and inalienable right to do, they were taken from their honest toil, prosecuted as criminals, condemned, fined, impris-oned, and compelled to work upon the public streets in payment of the fines and  costs imposed. And when, as in one case, appeal was taken from court to court, the closing words of the last decision were, " Remand the prisoner." Let those religionists who congratulate themselves over the present condition of affairs in this Government, ponder the practical workings and logical outcome of it all. Bitter persecution and certain national ruin is the picture hung at the end of the panorama. And let not those professed Protestants who are joining hands with papacy in order to carry their religious measures through Congress and State Legislatures think there is clear sail-ing before them. In the end they will find that they will pay dearly for the help they now receive in this way. Romanism well knows what she is doing and where her strength lies. Another has well stated the case in the following words : " Let the principle once become established in the United States, that the Church may employ or control the power gf the State; that religious ob-servances may be enforced by secular laws; in short, that the authority of Church and State is to dominate the conscience, and the triumph of Rome in this country is assured. God's word has given warn-ing of the impending danger; let this be unheeded, and the Protestant world will learn what the purposes of Rome really are, only when it is too late to escape the snare. She is silently growing into power. Her doctrines are exerting their influence in legislative halls, in the churches, and in the hearts of men. She is piling up her lofty and massive structures in the secret recesses of which her former persecutions will be repeated. Stealthily and unsuspectedly she is strengthening her forces to further her own ends when the time shall come for her to strike. All that she desires is vantage-ground, and this is already being given her. We shall soon see and shall feel what the purpose of the Roman element is. Whoever shall believe and obey the word of God will thereby incur reproach and persecution." W. A. COLCORD. - Religion and Politics. A MEMBER OF THE W. C, T. U. OBJECTS TO SEVERAL THINGS. [The Watertown Advocate, a prohibition organ, publishes this practical and able article from a member of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. The writer of this communication appre-ciates the errors into which the Woman's Christian Temperance Union has fallen and has stated them frankly. There are other clear sighted women who .realize how dangerous a ferment this fatal brew of politics and religion is producing.] MRS. GOUGAR objects to ministers be-ing nominated for political offices, because we have both Protestant and Catholic, Jew and Gentile, in our ranks, etc. These are the very reasons why we should re-main in line with the United States Con-stitution, and keep creeds and politics, Church and State, forever separate. A man's moral and political qualifications are the only ones that should ever be considered in nominating for office. With an individual's religious belief, or church connections, we should have nothing to do. Integrity and business ability are what we require. If ministers possess these requisites no one should object to their nomination; and if Catholic, Jew, or atheist, we should require no more. Now, while being so very emphatic in stating what should be, honesty compels  me to admit that not all things that should be in reality are; and so I shall have to state that, like Mrs. Gougar, there has recently come upon me a great fear we may be making some grave mistakes in regard to our methods. Not in regard to nominating ministers for office but in giv-ing women the ballot to vote for them; for there is not an objection which she raises against ministers for office that does not find its application with far greater force in conferring suffrage upon the ma-jority of our Woman's Christian Temper-ance Union workers. These women have been so long engaged in church work that it has become second nature to them, and from very habit they strive to force everything through those familiar chan-nels. Thus we find them converting temper-ance (?) meetings into afternoon prayer-meetings, or Bible classes, and their con-ventions into great religious conferences. The time, money, and talent, that should be employed to rouse the Nation from its drunken lethargy, by means of lectures and literature, is used to spread gospel tracts, and bring souls into the church. Or to use the-language of one of our State superintendents, "the trend of the Wo-man's Christian Temperance Union is more than ever evangelistic and mission-ary." And so we find department after department tacked on what was originally a temperance organization, until our forces have become so scattered and weakened, that we will soon be a little of everything and no use for anything in the line of temperance. I united with the Woman's Christian Temperance Union because I desired to advance the cause of prohibi-tion; and I have always favored female suffrage as a means to the same end, but while I still cling to prohibition as the only salvation for the Nation, I am be-coming very shaky on the suffrage ques-tion, and for the reasons which I am giving. If we must relegate ministers to the rear for fear of creeds, then most assuredly the women must stay there to bear them com-pany; for no class is advancing toward the ballot-box with a more settled deter-mination to combine Church and State than the women. The Constitution must be corrected; the Protestant Bible must be placed in the public school; the seventh day people must be compelled to worship on the first day, and work the seventh;,  and, finally, if the present trend of thought, does not materially change, a person's re-ligious belief will most surely be made a. test for holding office. With the great wall which has been built between Church and State demolished, the field will be open for conquest. And here upon Amer-ican soil Jew and Christian, Catholic and. Protestant, shall rush upon each other in mortal combat in contending for reli-gious supremacy. With the blood-red fields of the Old World ever before us, let no one, either minister or woman, dare to go into politics flaunting sectarian colors. Great deeds and great professions command respect and tolerance. If religion of some peculiar kind has greatly perfected your lives, let that same Christian charity first call atten-tion to the fact, and not loud outcries. Let us cling to our free Government and our free school. Let us demand no privilege for ourselves that we are not willing to con-cede to others. In school and politics let us ever strive to keep science, morals, and the great principles of government ever at the front, so that we may weave to- 