226 A.1MIIIEFEICA.1NT IRINWINTIF--A. Vol,. 8, No. 29. demonstrates this before all people. And Christians must absolutely repudiate the whole thing or else be partaker of these evil deeds. For it is written, " Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins." AND whoever is partaker of her sins, will be also partaker of her judgments and of her ruin. And her judgment hasteth greatly and her ruin is certain. "For her sins have reached unto heaven and God hath remembered her iniquities. . . . And she shall be utterly burned with fire, for strong is the Lord God who judgeth her." OF the early times of the Reformation the historian relates that " Our portion of the reform was to seek alliance of the world, and in this alliance find a destruc-tion full of desolation." And this is pre-cisely what this alliance will find now, and all who will escape this destruction and desolation must turn away from this evil combination in all its details and take the course of that other portion of the early Reformation and the right course of all true reform. " Another portion look-ing up to God was haughtily to reject the arm of the flesh, and by this very act of faith secure a noble victory." JESUS CHRIST has spoken : " All they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." The Sunday-law managers called upon the courts to securely close the Fair on Sundays, and the courts have opened the gates. From this they ought to learn the lesson which the Scriptures every-where teach, that when those who profess to trust God turn to the powers of earth they find just the opposite of what they expectŠwhere they expect help they find hindrance ; where they expect victory they find defeat; where they expect sal-vation they find destruction. " Put not your trust in princes, nor in the son of man, in, whom is no help." BUT will the Sunday managers learn the lesson? No, no, no. They have gone too far. They will not turn back. This failure will only make them more deter-mined and more desperate until they indeed get full power to carry out, by force, their arbitrary will. And the fuller their apparent victory, the more terrible will be their sure defeat. And as they will not turn from their evil course, all who will be Christians must turn away from them. " We would have healed Babylon, but she is not healed : forsake her, and let us go every one to his own country; for her judgment reacheth unto heaven and is lifted up even to the skies." " My people, go ye out of the midst of her, and deliver ye every man his soul from the fierce anger of the Lord." J. Outside Its Sphere. THE decision of the Federal Appellate Court in relation to the right of the United States to enforce the closing of the World's Fair on Sundays ought to serve as a re-minder to Congress to confine itself to its legitimate province of legislation as defined by the Constitution of the United States. That instrument does not authorize the national Legislature to make Sunday laws to be enforced in the States outside of the Federal service. As a matter of course the weekly day of rest is observed by the  United States courts, the departments in Washington, the Federal offices throughout the country, and the army and navy. The Constitution also provides that Sunday shall not be included in the ten days within which the President may return measures passed by Congress without his approval, but beyond these matters the Sunday ob-servance does not come within the sphere of the general Government. The at-tempt of Congress to do by indirection what under the provisions of the Constitu-tion it could not do directly, apparently has failed. It is to be desired, but it can hardly be hoped, that no such attempt will ever be made again.ŠBuffalo Courier. Another Sunday Case in Tennessee. THE International Religious Liberty Association has determined to again test in the court of last resort in that State the practice which, for some years, has pre-vailed in Tennessee, of indicting for public nuisance Seventh-day Adventists, because they habitually labor on Sunday. There is, as the SENTINEL has frequently explained, no statute in Tennessee author-izing any such proceeding; but the courts of that State have held that the common law covers the ground, and so have sus-tained such indictments where the evi-dence was sufficient to prove habitual Sunday labor. The first attempt to maintain an action of this kind in Tennessee failed, the Su-preme Court holding that while Sunday work was contrary to the statute, and, therefore, finable under the law forbid-ding secular labor on that day, it was not a nuisance, and was not subject to indict-ment as such. And the court further held, as have also like courts in other States, that statute law takes precedence of common law, and that where a statute exists on any subject, it and not the com-mon law must govern. The case referred to was that of a barber, not an Adventist, who kept open shop on Sunday. The date of the case we have not now at hand. But it stood alone for several years, until some changes oc-curred on the Supreme Bench of the State, when another case was brought in 1885; this time against W. H. Parker, a Sev-enth-day Adventist, residing at Spring-ville, in Henry County, Tenn. The indictment charged Parker with following his common vocation, that of blacksmith, publicly, upon Sunday, in the month of April, 1885, and upon other Sundays previous to that,Šin fact, that it was his usual habit to work in his shop on the first day of the week; and to this accusation no demur was made. Upon trial in the Circuit Court of Henry County, Parker was convicted, and an appeal was taken to the Supreme Court, where the judgment of the Circuit Court was af-firmed, the Supreme Court holding that the repetition of the acts of Sunday labor constituted a nuisance, and thus became indictable. It does not appear from the records of this case that either the court or the attor-neys were aware of the previous decision in the barber's case. It seems to have been entirely overlooked, as no mention is made of it in the report of the case in 16 Lea, page 476. The defense relied upon seems to have been that the defendant kept another day, namely, Saturday, agreeably to the fourth commandment ; and that nobody was disturbed by the work. The first of these was of course overruled, for  it is a well established principle of law, that " a man cannot escape punishment for the violation of a positive statute by setting up a religious obligation which he believes is upon him to violate it." The reason for this rule is thus stated by Prof. James T. Ringgold :Š We have no conceivable way of getting at a man's belief except through his own statement of it; this must be accepted as conclusive, and there can be no denial or impeachment of the evidence. Hence, if any other rule were adopted we should have this reductio absurdum, that all any man arraigned for crime would need to do would be to say that he religiously believed that it was his duty to com-mit the crime, and lie must therefore be found not guilty. The Tennessee court did not err in re-fusing to entertain the religious defense. But it seems equally clear that on the other point the court was guilty of an unjust and absurd ruling. In the opinion the court said :Š The statute makes it unlawful for any one of the enumerated classes to follow his ordinary secular vocation on the Sabbath day, because it is immoral and is of pernicious effect, and, though it may be conceded a single offense may be liable only to the penalty prescribed by the statute, yet a succession of such acts becomes a nuisance and is indictable; such a succession and repetition of the acts are shown in this case, as one witness says, that de-fendant did work at his trade, as blacksmith, in his shop near Springville, every Sunday, and others testify to similar acts on many Sundays, within twelve months before the finding of the indictment. Nor is it necessary to a conviction that the proof should show that any person was disturbed thereby. It is sufficient that the acts, which the law holds as illegal and forbidden, have been done in such pub lie manner as to have been open to the observation of the public. A nuisance that does not annoy is an absurdity. The definition of the term, is : " That which annoys or gives trouble and vexation; that which is offensive or noxious." It is doubtless true that some people in the neighborhood of Springville were an-noyed in a certain sense by the knowledge that Mr. Parker worked in his shop near that village on Sunday; but it was not in a sense that the law of Tennessee origi-nally undertook to forbid. The annoy-ance would have been just the same had they known that he habitually worked in his cellar, or that he hoed in his garden behind a high board fence. It was the same kind of annoyance that the Protest-ant might experience in seeing his neigh-bor going to mass or to confession ; or that the Episcopalians felt a century ago in Virginia at seeing Baptists immersing people; it was the annoyance of religious intolerance ; and of such annoyance the State of Tennessee has no right, under her constitution, to take cognizance. Section 3, Article I. of the Constitution of the State of Tennessee, provides "that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship." Sunday keeping is an essential part of the worship of a number of dif-ferent sects; and when, by law, they are protected in that worship to the extent that nobody is permitted to work while they pray, or even while they rest, it is certain that a preference is given by law to their mode of worship. A law requir-ing everybody to pay some deference to Good Friday would be no more in the interests of Roman Catholicism than is the Sunday law in the interests of those sects that regard the day as sacred to rest and worship. Such laws are clearly for-bidden by the Constitution of the State of Tennessee. Not only is it absurd to main-tain that something is a nuisance which annoys no one;  but it is equally absurd, 