28 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Judge Black' on Utah. WHEN we were in Salt Lake City, last year, we had a 28-page pamphlet presented to us by a zealous Mormon, the pamphlet being an ar- gument by Judge Jeremiah S. Black before the Judiciary Committee of the -United States House of Representatives. In this are some strange statements, but we notice only the closing paragraph. It reads as follows:Š " Coming back to the original and funda-mental proposition that you have no Ł right to legislate about marriage in a Territory, you will ask, Then what are we to do with polyg-amy? It is a bad thing, and a false religion that allows it. But the people of Utah have as good a right to their false religion as you have to your true one. Then you add that it is not a religious error merely, but a crime which ought to be extirpated by the sword of the civil magistrate. That is also conceded. But those people have a civil Government of their own, which is as wrong-headed as their church. Both are free to do evil on this and kindred subjects if they please, and they are neither of them answerable to you. That brings you to the end of your string." As the argument of a paid attorney, for in this capacity he made the argument, it is pass- able. But as the opinion of a statesman and a jurist, it is more than questionable. He con- cedes that polygamy is "a crime which ought to be extirpated by the sword of 'the civil mag-istrate." But the civil magistrate and the Ter- ritorial lawmakers and the church are alike in collusion with crime, and therefore you have no remedy! Now it is a fact beyond denial that the property and even the lives of anti- Mormons, and especially of seceding Mormons, have not been safe in many parts of Utah, ex- cept when protected by a power outside of that of the Territory. And if they have au- thority to legalize one crime, they may legalize any and all crimes. And Judge Black would coolly say: " And what are you going to do about it ?" Traced to its legitimate conclusion, the case would then stand thus: It is the right and duty of the United States to appoint judges, to hold courts in Utah. And if theft and murder were legalized in Utah, the Federal Courts would be compelled to rule in favor of theft and murder, because they were protected by the Territorial statutes! And the General Government would be powerless, would have no right to interfere, because the Territory is independent of the Federal Government. If the argument of Judge Black were conceded to be correct, then all Congressional laws for the government of Territories would be nullities, and United States Courts in the Territories would be farces. Fortunately for our nation, this doctrine of crimes is not accepted by the General Govern- ment. But there is one class in the United States which ought to rejoice at the state of things which has obtained in Utah; it is the "Na-tional Reform Association." In Utah was pre- sented an illustration of the, workings of just such a Government as that for which they are laboring. In Utah the civil Government ex- isted "to serve the interests of the church." In Utah the civil power " formed an alliance " with the church, and acknowledged its obliga- tion "to adhere to, defend, and maintain" the  religion which the church decided was the right religion. If this is not just such a Gov-ernment as they wish ours to become, then their words give the lie to their desires. But they may reply, We do not want an alli-ance between the State and the Church for such an object; we do not want that it should up-hold polygamy. Very likely. But, unfortu-nately, if you ally the Church and the State, as you avow that it is your object to do, you have no possible means of determining what kind of religion, or what acts as religious acts, will be upheld. In such a Government as ours, the religion of the nation would be liable to be changed with every change of administration! Of this we challenge a denial. To hope that the whole body of people would quietly acqui-esce in any particular form of religion, year after year, would be the height of folly. The truth is that people are changing their relig-ious faiths continually; and with every change of faith there would be a clamor for a corre-sponding change in the religious laws. And the vote of the careless, the indifferent, or the unbeliever, would carry just as 'much weight in the settlement of these questions, as the vote of the most pious Christian. We do not believe that the people are so blind as not to see the truthfulness of our remarks. We shall try, in all honesty of purpose, to arouse the attention of the country to the dan-ger which awaits our liberties if this Religious Amendment shall be carried. J. H. W. Church and State. WE have already proved, on two distinct counts, that the movement represented by the National Reform Association carries in itself'  "the promise and potency" of a union of Church and State in the United States. We shall here present additional proofs to the same purpose. In the Cincinnati National Reform Conven-tion, January 31 and February 1, 1872, Mr. Francis E. Abbot presented a remonstrance against the object of the convention. Rev. A. D. Mayo, D. D., of Cincinnati, replied to it. In his remarks he said:Š "One would think the gentleman had come all the way from Toledo to Cincinnati to utter a prophet's warning against some future dan-ger threatened by us. Why, he is now living as a citizen of Ohio, under a Constitution that substantially includes every idea we propose to place in the national charter. The Constitution of Ohio begins with a confession of dependence on Almighty God as the author of the liberties it is made to preserve. It declares that 'relig-ion is essential to good government.' And by 'religion' it means just what this proposed amenment means,Šthat in order that a State shall endure, its citizens should be religious men; should live according to the highest idea of morality, which, in this State, is the moral system of Jesus Christ; and that the State itself should conform to that idea of morality in its legislation and character, as it hopes for life. That's all there is in this thing." Dr. Mayo also cited the new Constitution of Missouri, formed after the war had closed, as another example, and said:Š "Just what the people of the State of Mis-souri did will the people of the United States finally do. They will plant in their great char-ter of liberties an acknowledgment of the na-tion's dependence on Almighty God, and its  duty to conform to the laws of religious or Christian morality." Here is a plain argument that the Constitu-tions of Ohio and Missouri contain and mean all that the religiously amended Constitution of the United States will mean; that the Consti-tution of Ohio " substantially includes every idea" that the National Reform Association proposes to place in "the national charter," that the Constitution of Ohio embraces "all there is in this [National Reform] thing." Very well, be it so. From this it follows that in the State of Ohio, under that Constitution, there should be found a condition of government and society such as is expected. to be formed in the whole nation by the Religious Amendment to the National Constitution. That is the theory; how stands the fact? The Constitution of Ohio declares that "re-ligion is essential to good government," and that "means just what this proposed [National Reform] amendment means." Now bow much more religion, or how much better government, is there in Ohio than there is in any other State in the Union? How much pfrrer is politics in Ohio than it is anywhere else? Let the late elections in the State testify. The Constitution of Ohio means just what the Religious Amendment means; and under this proposed amendment the National Reform party insists that our rulers must be "Christian men ; " if not actually church members, they must be "men who believe in Christianity" (Christi«n Statesman, Feb. 8, 1877). How does this work under the Ohio Constitution? Why, in 1883 lion. George Iloadly, an avowed infidel, was elected governor. And under the title of "An Infidel Elected Governor," the editor of the Christian Statesman, Nov. 1, 1883, said:Š "By a decision of the popular will, Mr. Hoadly, a pronounced unbeliever in the Chris-tian religion, is governor-elect of the great State of Ohio. His record on this point is un-mistakable, not merely in that he was counsel against the Bible in the schools, for a professed Christian like Stanley Matthews stood with him in that effort, but in that he has been for years one of the vice-presidents of the Pree Re-ligious Association. He is well known also to favor the programme of the Liberals as to the complete secularization of the State by the abo-lition of all vestiges of Christian usages from the, administration of' government. The Chris-tian people of Ohio, therefore, believers in the supreme authority of the Christian religion, are to have for their chief magistrate a man who doiliesŁ that_ the Christian religion is revealed from God, and who looks elsewhere for the grounds of moral obligation." The Constitutions of Ohio and Missouri mean, on this subject, just what the Religious Amend- ment means; and one of the chief, avowed purposes of the Religious Amendment is to se- cure forever the reading of the Bible in the public schools of the nation. Now, at the very time when Dr. Mayo uttered these words in Cincinnati, there was then pending in the courts Of the State of Ohio this very question of the Bible in the schools. The case went to the Supreme Court of the, State. And under that Constitution which they say means just what the proposed National Amendment means, the Supreme Court affirmed the legality of the Cincinnati School Board, prohibiting prayer and the reading of the ,Scriptures in the public 