"equal and Bxact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or Persuasion, Feligious or 'Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, JUNE 15, 1893 NUMBER 24. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CALVIN P. BOLL/SAN. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, WILLIAM II. MC EKE. Adventists and Sunday Opening.ŠWith characteristic recklessness the Christian Statesman asserts that the temporary or-der of a State court requiring the World's Fair to be kept open on Sunday was granted by a Hebrew judge to a Seventh-day Adventist. The fact is that the suit was brought by Ex-Congressman Wm. Mason, of Chicago, at the instance of Mr. Clingman, a prominent stockholder, and not an Adventist. Seventh-day Advent-ists were interested in the case only so far as it touched the question of the right of Congress to do indirectly that which the Constitution forbids it to do, namely, to pass any law interfering with the free exercise of religion.. The Adventist po-sition, consistently maintained from the first, has been that the managers of the Fair had a right to open it on Sunday or not to open it, just as seemed to them best, all things considered; and that they should in this matter be alike free from congres-sional bribes, un-American and unchris-tian boycotts, and legal processes, just as any other private or-semi-private business enterprise should be free. The so-called Protestant churches of the land, largely under the leadership of the Christian Statesman, were not satisfied to leave the managers of the Fair free to take their own course in the matter of Sunday closing; and failing in more dras-tic measures, they, by threats of political boycott, induced Congress to purchase Sunday closing. Adventists were inter-ested in the Clingman injunction suit only so far as Judge Stein's decision restores to the whole people the rights wrested from them when Congress, at the behest of over-reaching sectarian zealotry, took money belonging to the whole people and appro-priated it to the support of a religious institution recognized by only a portion of the people. Even had this money been appropriated in the interest of a vast majority of the  people, which it was not, the action would still be without warrant, either of sound principle or American law. The preser-vation of inalienable rights demands that civil government shall let religion alone; while the Constitution of the United States forbids Congress to make any law in any way interfering with its free exercise. From any standpoint except that of the sectarian bigot, more concerned for his dogmas than for the rights of his fellow-men, the action of Congress in condition-ing the appropriation on the observance of a religious institution was utterly inde-fensible. ON this subject the Advent Review and Sabbath Herald, the denominational or- gan of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, published at the headquarters of the de-nomination, Battle Creek, Mich., says in its issue of June 6 :Š We were hailed by a friend upon the street the other day, with the exclamation, " Well, you have the answer to your prayers, and the Fair is to be opened Sunday." No, we replied, we have put up no prayers, nor signed any petition that the Fair be opened on Sunday; that is to us a matter of in-difference. All our contention has been that Con-gress should keep its hands out of that with which it has no business to meddle. We refer to the mat-ter simply to show how the position of the Seventh-day Adventists is misapprehended. No divine law, or sanction, or example would be violated by keep-ing the Fair open on Sunday. But if those within whose jurisdiction the question of opening or clos-ing on that day, or on any other, properly comes, desire to close it, let them do so. We have nothing to say. What we object to is, Congress, contrary to the Constitution, legislating upon religious ques-tions. And no word would have been heard from Adventists on the subject had not religious bodies, so called reform associations, and Sabbath unions, begun to besiege Congress to set up its authority and enter the fatal path of religious legislation. So, whatever may come, let no one lay it at the door of the Seventh-day Adventists. In perfect keeping with this expression from the Review and Herald, is the fol-lowing from the Signs of the Times, an- other Adventist paper published in Oak-land, Cal., by direct authority of the Gen-eral Conference of the denomination :Š No credit is due the World's Fair management for Sunday opening. It is a matter of policy all the way through, policy at the sacrifice of prin-ciple. Principle was sacrificed in the first place in the action of Congress, because the $5,000,000 were wanted, and now the Fair is opened contrary to agreement with United States Congress, because more money is wanted. That Congress should vote the Fair any appropriation they desire is all proper,  but the matter of the Sabbath the Government had no right to meddle with ; that ought to have been left to the local directory. This is not a new thought with the Ad-ventists. The position of the denomination has been similarly defined before, both by the Review and by the Signs of the Times. We have also repeatedly said the same thing. If, as the Christian Statesman intimates, any Adventist has assumed any other attitude than this, he has done it as an individual (which, of course, he had a right to do), and not as a representative of the denomination. B. What Constitutes a Union of Church.  and State. AN opinion very generally entertained is that the recognition and support of a single sect is essential to a union of Church and State, and that as no sect or church is in the majority in this country, there never can be in this Nation any such union. But those who entertain this opinion have read history to very little purpose. Nevertheless, it is only fair that one who holds this view should be per-mitted to state it. In the Christian States-man, of April 10, 1890, Rev. W. J. Cole-man, Professor of Political Science in Geneva College, Pennsylvania, and a prominent National Reformer, in attempt-ing to show that a union of Church and State was impossible in this country, said : In the phrase, " union of Church and State," there can be no doubt as to the sense in which the word " State " is used. . . . The State means the Nation, or whole body of people. . . . The word, " church " may mean : (1) a building where worshipers meet; (2) those who gather in such building, or a congregation ; (3) a body of believers acknowledging the same ecclesiastical authority, or denomination; (4) the collective body of be-lievers in the world. These acknowledge no cen-tral authority, and are not combined in any human organization; (5) the aggregate of religious prin-ciples and ideas in a community. . . . The union of the State with the Church, taken in the first, second or fourth sense, would be impossible. . . . When, however, we turn to the third and fifth meanings, we reach the heart of the whole difficulty. Referring, then, to the claim that the adoption of this " aggregate of religious principles and ideas " would be a union of Church and State, Professor Coleman says :Š We deny this in toto, and declare that when the 