THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 107 not exceeding $100. If boys play ball or any-thing else in such a way, or in such a place, as to 'interfere with religious meetings, this act is abun-dant to have the difficulty relieved. But if they are so far away that they will not necessarily annoy anyone on Sunday in their worship why have a law to stop them from playing ball, so that they might go to church ? If boys are so poorly trained in the popular estimation of right as to play ball on Sunday, will a law simply stopping the game make the boys good Sunday-school scholars right off? No indeed! The average boy would be farther away from worship than he was before the law was passed and enforced upon him. In the place of inspiring a feeling of wor-ship, it would make him disgusted with the whole system of Christianity. For he would as-sociate the men who thus 'try to force religion upon him with the religion they profess, and he would revolt at the idea of being compelled to accept a religion that he seither did not believe or else did not care to accept. Let us cling to the old-fashioned gospel method of persuading men to come to Christ. We have learned by experience, as well as by the teaching of history, that this plan will work, because it is scriptural. But the process of compelling people by civil law to go to church and appear pious on Sunday, or on any other day, has always worked disastrously, because contrary to the divine rule. A. 0. TAIT. Is It Sacred Time? ONE of the subscribers of the Morning Times of Oakland has written it a letter, stating that his only objection to the paper is that it publishes a Sunday edition, thus necessitating secular labor on sacred time. The Times, after informing its correspondent that the bulk of the labor on a Sun-day-morning newspaper is completed before Sat-urday at midnight, a fact familiar to everybody who knows anything about newspapers, goes on to make some telling points, which we should be pleased to see answered, if they are answerable. Accordingly, we present to our readers a portion of the article But our Christian friends say that we are transgressing divine law by not resting our printing press on Sunday. With that we must respectfully, but firmly, take issue. . . . We declare that all Sabbath legislation from the time of Constantine to the present has been purely humanŠnot divine." "As to the main objection, that the Sunday newspaper requires secular labor on sacred time, if it must be suppressed on that account, then all the sails on the sea, all the furnaces of the land, all the lines of travel, must close up on Sunday for the same reason. But is Sunday sacred time? "We would ask our Christian friend where and when did Christ (whom he will admit has all au-thority in Heaven and on earth in religious mat-ters) ever declare the first day of the week to be sacred time? We cannot find it on record, nor can we find that Christ ever authorized anyone else to declare it sacred time. "We cannot find that Christ ever called the first day of the week a Sabbath, much less the Sabbath, nor ever, by word or deed, authorized anyone else to do so. "We cannot find that he ever kept the first day of the week as a SabbathŠthat is, a rest-dayŠnor did he ask anyone else to do so. "We cannot find where the apostles of Christ, who represented him, ever so much as hinted that the first day of the week was to be observed as a Sabbath. Paul, who made allusion to the ob-servance of days, declared that no man should judge, his brother in such matters, and that every man should bo fully persuaded in his own mind. "If divine wisdom had intended the first day of the week to be observed as a rest day, as a 'holy Sabbath-day,' surely there would have been given, as in the case of the Sabbath of the Jews, a law governing the observance of the day, that ,it might not be desecrated by such unholy passions and purposes as lead to the commission of more crimes on Sunday than on all the other days of the week. "Now if the Sunday morning paper keeps peo-ple from the church, it is because the paper has more drawing power than the pulpit, and the fault is with the pulpit, not with the paper. We do not claim that the contents of the Sunday morning paper are entirely wholesome or purifying, but this our Christian friend should give us aid to regulate, not annihilate, for it is possible to accomplish the former, but the latter can never be done." Can any of the readers of the SENTINEL find any of these things which the Times professes it-self unable to find, and which it avers do not ex-ist? If those who are laboring so zealously for Sunday laws cannot find this divine authority, will they be candid enough to say so? If they will, it will materially narrow down the contro-versy. We- do not mean that the absence of Scripture authority for Sunday observance makes Sunday legislation any less objectionable, or that if they could find any such authority they would be justified in Sunday legislation; for we have demonstrated time and again that the State has no right to legislate concerning religious matters. But if our Sunday friends will admit that there is nowhere in the Bible any commandment for the observance of Sunday, it will then be patent to everyone that the only reason why Sunday laws are asked for is that certain ones want to set the fashion for the world, and to compel the world to follow the fashion. "The Seventh and First Days" of the Week Are the Same. SUCH is the startling head which appeared in the Mail and Express, of February 11,1889. Under it was reported a meeting held at the West Fifty-first Street Presbyterian Church, on the pre-ceding evening. The editor of the Mail and Ex-press made an address at that meeting, a sum-mary of <Lich is given in the following words :Š Col. Elliott F. Shepard, president of the Ameri-can Sabbath Union, also addressed the meeting in favor of keeping one-seventh part of time holy to the Lord God, and of unifying the time set apart for this purpose by all religious bodies. The Jews had what they pleased to call the sev-enth day, and the Christians what they pleased to call the first day, and the Seventh-day Baptists what they knew to be the original hebdomadal of God's rest. But how inaccurate and unreliable are all human calculations. For instance, the Christian era did not commence to be the reckoning of time until the fourth cent-ury, when the monk Dionysius started it, and everybody now knows that he made a mistake of four years in fixing the year of the Lord's birth, so that really we are now living in 1893. That is only a sample of the way in which all mankind may be mistaken as to the days and years. THE FIRST IS THE SEVENTH DAY. Then, as to the seventh or first days; take three men in this city, let one of them remain here, let another start on Saturday to travel around the world eastward, and when he returns here he will have lost one day; that is, he will find that his seventh day has now synchronized with the first day of the week of the man who remained here; let another start westward on Sunday to do the same, and when he arrives back he will have gained a day, and his first day will have synchro- nized with the seventh day of the man who re-mained here; which shows that the man who stands still may correctly make his Sabbath either on the seventh or on the first day, or keep them both if he will. If these travelers start on the same day in their opposite journeys, as one gains a day, and the other loses a day on the calendar of the station-ary man, then we have three sacred days coming together, which would synchronize with Saturday, Sunday, and Monday. By this process of travel, as first proposed, the seventh becomes the first day of the week, and the first day becomes the seventh! and this amalgamation of the days seems pointed out by revelation and history. THE FIRST SABBATH WAS GOD'S SEVENTH AND MAN'S FIRST DAY. Thus, God's seventh day of rest after the crea-tion was man's first day of existence, so that his first Sabbath of rest was his first day, although it was God's seventh day. And the apostles, evi-dently by divine direction and sanction, made the Christian Sabbath commemorate our Lord's rising from the dead on the first day of the week, thus apparently restoring the day to be the hebdomadal of God's resting after creation, and the day in-tended in the fourth commandment. But, how-ever that is, it is impossible to say that we have correctly either the seventh or first days of the week in a direct, perfect chronology from the crea-tion. ALL SHOULD KEEP SUNDAY. So that the question of the particular day to be observed as a holy rest and worship day is very much one of convenience in the community. And it seems desirable that there should be a common consensus of observance of the day which will now best accommodate the largest number. In this country this day is Sunday, and therefore it would be wise for Jews and Seventh-day Baptists to unite with Christians in keeping Sunday, although it cannot be told certainly that it is not both the seventh and first days combined, or the seventh day alone, or the first day alone, or neither the sev-enth nor the first. It is the usual day of rest and worship, and therefore all ought to keep it as pa-triotic citizens wishing well to their kind. We give this summary of Mr. Shepard's ad-dress entire, not because of its value, but that the reader may see into how great a dilemma the president of the American Sabbath Union has fallen. There is a jewel called " consistency," and a method in argument called "logic," which we venture to commend to the consideration of the editor of the Mail and Express. We do not wonder that he has fallen into this trouble, since men who strive to evade the plain statement of the Scriptures are sure to find themselves in positions which are both painful and ludicrous. Not many weeks since, in his opening address as President of the Sabbath Convention at Wash-ington, Mr. Shepard said :Š "The fourth commandment, 'Remember the Sab-bath-day to keep it holy,' is actually in force in this city of Washington, in the city of New York, in New Orleans, San Francisco, MilwaukeeŠit is actually in force throughout the whole United States to-day. "Every man, woman, and child in our country is going to be judged by the fourth commandment." Every student of history knows that the peo-ple to whom this commandment was given under-stood it as applying to a specific day, the seventh day of the week, and that they have kept that day with unbroken regularity from the time the commandment was given to the present. When Colonel Shepard has not a theological theory to pro-pound, he must be aware of this fact, as well as of its associate fact, that all theories in theology concerning the observance of Sunday are based upon the assumption that Sunday is the first day of the week. The national organization, of which 