42 AMERICAN SENTINEL. great evil is not that it prevents honest souls anywhere from discovering the will of the Lord; for that will is plain to all from the Word of God. But people are not willing to believe God, and to let that mindŠthat humil-ityŠbe in them that was in Christ, who "made himself of no reputation." They are not willing to follow Christ in preference to every human leader; to accept,  his Word as of greater authority than any human voice. And because of this the professors of Christian-ity have become divided into sects. The great evil of sectarianism is that which causes sectarianism, rather than anything which results from its existence. A Lesson in Sabbath (Sunday) Keeping. WORKS OF NECESSITY vs. COMMON LABOR. IT was my privilege to attend church in a little ham-let on the outskirts of Paterson, N. J. The service con-sisted of certain passages of scripture being read by different ones among the congregation, which were dwelt upon by the pastor. All went fairly well until one of the members read the fourth commandment, Ex. 20:8-11. After speaking at length upon the necessity of devoting the day (Sun-day) entirely to God, the minister explained the differ-ence between works of necessity and ordinary labor by using as an illustration a circumstance with which he had something to do as an adviser. Said he, "An elder of a church where I was at one time preaching, came to me and said he would have to resign from the eldership of the church because he was afraid that holding such a position he would be a stum-bling block to many. Pressing him for his reasons I found that he had a large melon patch, and was under contract to deliver several loads every morning in New York. This necessitated hitching up his teams, turning out with his hired man, loading up and starting for the city about six o'clock Sunday evening. In doing this his conscience condemned him, hence his resolution to resign. Said I to him: Brother}Š, there is not the least shadow of a reason for your resigningi:as elder of this church. This work is a work ofj necessity:[accord-ing to his contract with the New Yorkdealer] rand you can keep the Sabbath [Sunday] and hold communion with God driving to New York Sunday evening with your load of melons just as well as though you were in attendance at church." That settled the farmer; he didn'tiresigniand, said the minister, "that man is still elder of the church, and is a good faithful worker." This is Sabbath-keeping as taught through Sunday-keeping; and this is the kind of church to join if you have work which by contract calls for performance on Sunday. See 2 Tim. 4:1-4. A. R. BELL. Sunday Crusade in Toledo. PREACHERS' UNION WARNS THEATER MANAGERS, WHO THREATEN TO CLOSE ALL SUNDAY TRAFFIC. Brooklyn "Eagle," Jan. 7. A COMMITTEE of the Toledo Preachers' Union has sent a warning to theater managers in Toledo, 0., that arrests of all actors and employees will follow Sunday performances to-day. The managers, with one excep-tion, have decided to resist the State law on this sub-ject, and threaten, if stopped, to retaliate by closing all business houses, including drug stores, and to stop the street cars. An array of counsel has been engaged. It is tacitly understood that this is to be the first step towards closing the gates of the Ohio Centennial on *Sundays in 1902. There are no Sunday ordinances in Toledo, MayorJones having forced their repeal through rigid enforcement on Sunday, when milkmen and news-boys were arrested, and the crusade which begins to-day will be under State laws. Catholic Education. IN South America it is well recognized among the Catholic authorities, that the "Salesian Fathers" are the most capable of all the religious orders, in the work of civilizing and teaching the Indians, as also in the colonization of the vast uncultivated territories of this continent. They therefore being acknowledged as the great papal educators down here, it will be interesting to quote from a South American journal an incident which reveals in an unequivocable manner, that the terrible spirit of the Inquisition still burns in the breasts of the Roman Catholic friars. We shall translate the following from a prominent Chilian paper:Š "THE TENDER MERCIES OF THE SALESIAN FATHERS. "The Impartial of Huara has collected from the Peruvian papers, a denouncement made by the "Muni-cipal" of Pisco, with the object of bringing to light the barbarous crimes committed by the Salesian Fathers in Hoji Redonda. "In the said town the Catholic Fathers had, but a short time previously, burnt in a most cruel manner five little children for different reasons, principally for the crime of not learning their lessons. The inhabitants of Hoji Redonda, being somewhat fanatical, covered up this atrocious act, so as not to bring disgrace upon the Catholic Church. "Recently howeverŠin February lastŠthe same Sa-lesian Fathers, have reiterated this awful crime upon a boy of ten years of age, named Eusebio Zegarra, son of Eusebio Zegarra and Natividad Donayres, by inflicting severe burns upon his body for having neglected to learn his lessons at school. "At 8 o'clock on a beautiful February morning, Father Guido, the superior, ordered the pupils to form a circle in the school yard. Upon their doing so, the 