344 ANICIEdIECIP.A.N SKaVirILNEMA. Vol.. 9, No. 43. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 1, 1894. i126ce" ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. A CONFERENCE convened at Rome on the 24th of October, the purpose of which was to bring about a reunion of the Greek and Latin churches. The pope addressed the prelates on the subject of the return of the Eastern Church into Catholic unity, and invited Cardinal Langenieux and the patriarchs to state their views. THE Lexow Committee continues to un-earth police corruption in this city to an extent that is almost past belief, and it is evident that the end is not yet. It has already been shown that almost every line of business in the city has been compelled to pay tribute to the corrupt ring which for years has ruled New York for, the money that was in it. BEFORE another copy of the paper reaches our readers, two Seventh-day Ad-ventists will be imprisoned in the county jail at Centreville, Queen Anne's County, Maryland. All similar cases which have been appealed have been lost. These men following the instruction of their Master, will plead their own cases as the Lord gives them utterance. The offenses with which these honest men are charged is in one case hoeing in the garden, and in the other chopping wood, on Sunday. Do not fail to read the article on page 341, entitled, " Roman Catholics and Lib-erty of Conscience." It is somewhat long, and some parts of it may seem dry, but every Protestant ought to be perfectly familiar with all the facts connected with the Maryland Charter. Upon the pro-vision in that charter guaranteeing reli-gious toleration, the Roman Catholics build their claim to have been " the first in the New WorldŠthe first, indeed, in all the worldŠto make freedom of con-science an organic part of the constitution of a State." The article referred to clearly reveals the fact that Roman Cath-olics granted religious toleration to others, in Maryland, as the only means of securing it for themselves. Even a Loyola or a Dominic would have done as much. SOME weeks ago, in calling attention to the grant of an alley in Washington, D. C., to a Roman Catholic institution, we said :Š The SENTINEL has protested, and will continue to protest, against all such donations, whether of land or of money, and whether made by the Government of the United States or by the Governor of Mashonaland; for if the principle is worth anything, it is justi, as good in the wilds of Africa as on the plains of our own fair West or in the alleys of our Capital City. At the tithe we had in mind rain0,  grants of land made in Africa for mission purposes by the British South African Company. It was thought and urged by some that these grants were legitimate because made by a company. But we now have in our possession the annual reports of said company from 1890 to 1893, inclusive, and are in a position to prove conclusively, that the British South Afri-can Company is nothing less than a Brit-ish Colonial government, and that grants of land from it differ in no sense from similar grants from any other civil gov-ernment. THE Examiner (Baptist), in its issue of October 25, referring to " contract schools," which it defines as " schools carried on by the various Christian denominations, through aid received from the United S bates Treasury," says : "The Baptists have never received this aid." How the Exam-iner can make this statement we cannot understand, since we sent the editor a marked copy of the AMERICAN SENTINEL several weeks ago, containing positive evidence that from 1879 to 1884, inclusive, the Baptists did receive through Mr. Henry L. Morehouse, of this city, secre-tary of the American Baptist Home Mis-sionary Society, the sum of $8,075 for maintaining schools for the freedmen of the Choctaw and Chickasaw Indians in the Indian Territory. True the amount was small, but does that affect the principle ? POPE LEO XIII. has published an encyclical on devotion to the rosary. The encyclical is occasioned, says the pope, by the attempt of the impious to bring into derision the worship of Mary. The rosary consists of a string of larger and smaller beads used by Roman Cath-olics when praying. There are various forms of the rosary, but the one most gen-erally used has fifty-five beadsŠfive large ones and fifty small onesŠall of which are used to keep a tally of the number of prayers said. The Lord's prayer is said on reaching a large bead, and a prayer to Mary at every small bead. Thus it is seen that to every prayer offered to God, ten prayers are offered to Mary; hence the pope's object in urging devotion to the rosary in order to maintain faith in the papal goddess Mary. IN the " marked copy " of the Christian Statesman announcing the centennial anni-versary of the Pensylvania Sunday law to be celebrated by the Pennsylvania Sab-bath Association, Oct. 30, 31, the secretary says:Š The Sabbath [Sunday] is imperilled in our land. Its sanctity is passing away. It is being rapidly con-verted into a holiday. The laws which protect it are being removed from the statute books. Our own law is in danger. . . . Fellow-citizens! let us rally for the Sabbath law. Its (Sunday's) sanctity is passing away because the civil law sanctifying it is said to be passing away, and citizens are ex-horted to rally for the Sabbath law in  order to save its sanctity. This is a can-did admission. All the sanctity which Sunday ever had was the result of civil law. Not so with the Sabbath of the Lord, the seventh day; God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it. A FACT, significant of the despotic ten-dency of our Government is, that a writ of habeas corpus is impotent to secure the release of a man charged with being a contract laborer. At this writing an English coachman is imprisoned on Ellis Island, in New York Bay, awaiting the decision of the Treasury Department, not-withstanding the fact that a United States judge, before whom he was brought on writ of habeas corpus, decided that, being a personal servant, he was clearly exempt under the law. But, added the judge, this court has no jurisdiction in this case. Final decision rests with the secretary of the treasury. And so it is within the power of one man to deport from this country whom he will if only a charge of being a contract laborer can be trumped up against him. Probably in this case the secretary will do right, but what shall be said of the law which makes abuse of such power possible ? Books for the Children. MOTHERS and others who have the care of small children are often at their wits' end to know what to get in the shape of books which will at once interest and instruct the little ones in the first and simple principles of the Bible, and give them a knowledge of the Saviour. With this thought in mind we have examined and can heartily recommend the books advertised in another column of this paper under the above heading. "Bible Pictures and Stories," and " Lit-tle Folks' Bible Gallery," are companion volumes, although either one is complete without the other. They are similar in make-up, but the same story or picture is not repeated. The language of the books is such as to commend it to the good sense of older folks; for while it is simple it is not silly. " The Good Shepherd " is of the same class of books, but confines itself particu-larly to the life of the Lord, which it nar-rates in a style most pleasing and digni-fied, yet so plain and easy, that, the youngest can readily understand it. It is, withal, quite free from doctrinal errors. The book is fully illustrated, many of the pictures occupying a full page. The most of the illustrations are new and are not to be found in any other book. The little ones cannot fail to be inter-ested in the nice pictures, and learn many good things from them. These books will make most acceptable presents to the little tots for birth-days, etc. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Bet for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 4f Bond Street, New York City 