244 OL. 11, Nt. 31. of the United States, is a dangerous political heresy, . . . is revolutionary in its tendency and subver- sive of the peace and harmony of the country. . . . We deny the authority of Congress, of a Territorial legislature, or of any individuals [meaning, doubtless, the Supreme Court], to give legal existence to slavery in any Territory of the United States. And previous to this, in 1857, just after the rendering of the historical Dred Scott deci- sion, the legislature of the State of New York made allusion to the Supreme Court in these words:Š The safety and peace of the nation require its re-organization, so as to admit into it a fair and equal representation from the free States, according to the ratio of population between free and slave States, which can and ought promptly to be done by act of Congress. This was not the language of revolution, or of anarchy. It was not inconsistent with republican government; indeed, it was the voice of true republicanism, which declares that government of the people is by the peo-ple. It was based upon recognition of the truth that in civil government the people are supremeŠthe creator superior to the thing created. The Supreme Court could not bind the people; it was not created for that purpose. While the Supreme Court is entitled to the highest respect from all parties, it is not a body with omniscient wisdom or unlimited power. When it comes to be venerated as speaking with the voice of infallibility, and binding the people in all cases by'its decisions, so that to question one of them at any time shall be denounced as revolution and anarchy, we shall then have in this country not a re-publican government, but a judicial des- potism. s. IS THIS A PROTESTANT COUNTRY ? IT is highly instructive to note the Roman Catholic position upon this point, and the use to which Catholics turn it in argument. As stated in the Catholic Standard and Times (Philadelphia), of July 26, 1896, " this is not a Protestant country," and therefore ho comparison can properly be made between religions bodies here, and those in countries distinctively Catholic, as respects their stand-ing before the law. This statement is an outcome of the Ł con-troversy raised some time since by Methodist ministers of Chicago, regarding the disabili-ties imposed upon Protestants in several South American countries, by that church which in this country professes to be the strong advocate of religious liberty. A Meth-odist minister had recently written to the Free-man's Journal (Catholic), published in New York City, a letter designed to set before Catholics what it was Methodists wished to accomplish. One very important thing, the letter states, was the revision of the marriage laws in those countries. The republics of Peru, Bolivia, and Ecuador, it seems, provide by constitutional enactment that only that form of marriage ceremony shall be recog-nized as valid which was prescribed by the Council of Trent. This means that only Ro-man Catholics can be legally married in those countries. " If the conditions were reversed," says the Methodist ministers' letter, "if a marriage ceremony for 'Roman. Catholics in this republic performed by a Roman Catholic clergyman was not valid in the eyes of the law, the Chicago Methodist ministersŠsuch is their intense love for religious tolerationŠwould embark in a crusade for the removal of such an oppressive and cruel restriction." It has been a rather difficult matter for the papal church, with the echo of her loud as- sertions as the champion of liberty still ring-ing in the ears of the people, to get around the contradiction presented by the Catholic- ruled republics of South America; and she has not done so with any great credit to her- self. The Catholic Standard takes refuge behind the fact that marriage in those coun-tries is regulated by the National Constitu- tion. In this it finds two grounds of defense. One is that " nations amend their constitu-tions somewhat slowly, and seldom, if at all, at the suggestion of outside nations. If the Pope," it continues, " should interfere and the Peruvians should change their Constitu-tion at his suggestion, ten to one that in the very next outburst against Catholics in this enlightened country of ours, it would be flung in our faces that it would not be safe to en-trust Catholics with power, inasmuch as Catholic nations stood ready to even change their constitution at the mere beck of the Pope." The argument is ingenious, but without force. The Pope is not a nation, and a sug-gestion from him would not be taken as coming from one nation to another. Indeed, since the Pope is the visible earthly head of the Papacy, a government which enacts the papal system into its fundamental law, there-by logically places the Pope at its head, and cannot consistently refuse to disregard his will, especially in any matter relating to re-ligious customs or observances. But if there were any force in the Standard's position on this point, it would be sufficient to point out that the Pope might at least- make a general pronouncement against such restrictions by the civil power upon religious freedom, in some one of his many encyclicals, if he was really desirous of establishing religious free-dom in Catholic countries. Bat in all his addresses " to the princes and peoples of the universe," nothing of the kind appears. " This, however," says the Standard, "is not the only ground on which the appeal of the Methodist ministers to the Pope and the Catholics of the United States is in the high-est degree absurd. The point on which they hinge their appeal- is that there is in their opinion a parity somewhere or other between the marriage matters in Peru, which they want adjusted, and a possible state of things here in the United States. They imagine they see a parallel between the invalid mar-riages in Peru and the condition which should obtain here if Roman Catholic marriages were invalid here before the law. There is, how-ever, no parallel or parity whatever. If this were a Protestant nation with a union of Church and State, and under its Constitution only Protestant marriages were recognized, Mr. Lee's parallel would then hold good. But we have nothing of the kind here. This is not a Protestant country, and we have no union of Church and State. We have no religion recognized by the State at all. In Mr. Lee's supposition there would be an odious and intolerant singling out of one class, and a debarring of them from rights which every one else enjoyed. In Peru the matter is en-tirely *different. There is no singling out of any class or discrimination against any class. There is simply a general law of the land on the subject of marriage made for the good of the commonwealth (whether rightly or wrongly made we do not pretend to say), and all who come to the country are expected to comply with the law. This is a very different thing from the supposition which Mr. Lee makes about Catholic marriages which might be invalidated here. In that supposition there would be legislation against a particular class; and class legislation, even when not proscriptive, is apt to be more or less odious." Yes; " This is not a Protestant country" so far as its government is concerned, and "we have" here, theoretically at least, "no union of Church and State," in a national sense. Hence we are told that any discrimination by law against Catholics here would be an altogether different thing from a constitutional provision imposing disabilities upon them, under a union of Church and State! The former would be " class legislation," and therefore odious; the latter would simply be a "general law of the land " and therefore not directed against any class! The Standard seems to be trying to illustrate the familiar phrase, " A distinction without a difference." Certainly a provision of the Constitution directed against the Catholics or any other denomination would be as much " class legislation" as would be a statute of similar import enacted by a State legislature. The former would be more odi-ous than the latter, because the scope of its operation would be wider. If this were " a Protestant country," and we had here a national union of Church and States under which Roman Catholic marriages were not recognized as valid, would Catholic journals in this country allude to the discrim-ination against them as a " general law of the land," which those coming here were expected to obey? Would they say there was "no singling out of any class or discrimination against any class " ? Would the pope in an encyclical addressed to this country pass the matter over in silence ? We trow not. Catholic prelates have of late spoken ex-ultingly of the freedom enjoyed by "the church ' in this country, and this* freedom Archbishop Ireland declares to be " simple, natural justice." If this freedom were taken away under a Protestant union of Church and State, it would not be simple, natural justice, according to his statement. And therefore in attempting to justify the attitude of the South American republics toward Protestants, Rome attempts to justify the opposite of simple, nat-ural justice, and thereby proclaims that she would persecute Protestants in this very land if she but had the power. It follows also from the Catholic exposition of what is proper under a union of Church and StateŠand Rome is the world's best authority on this subjectŠthat the religious combina-tion which can get the support of the national Constitution, can make a "general law of the land " in its own favor which all others will be expected to obey, without making itself liable to the charge of discriminating against any class. Verily, this would be a privilege worth contending for, from any but a Chris-tian point of view. And the prospect is only too fair that we shall see plenty of religious contention for this or a similar purpose in the near future. s. " RELIGION IN POLITICS" ILLUSTRATED. RECENTLY we alluded to the position of Hon. William McKinley, the Republican nominee for President, on the question of Sunday enforcement. And now the chief Republican manager, Mr. Mark Hanna, puts himself on record in the same manner by de-claring that Sunday shall not be desecrated by Republican campaign work if he can prevent it. A press dispatch dated Chicago, July 26, to the New York World says:Š M. A. Hanna, Chairman of the Republican National Committee, issued an order last week that the rooms of the committee in Chicago should be tightly closed on Sunday. To-day the rooms were tightly locked. A few local politicians who had not heard of the order attempted to enter but failed. Perry Heath, head of the literary bureau, came 