,IF.RsNi IN-VILA Von. 11, No. 49. the war against him. 'Hereafter ' said Alfaro a short time ago when assured that the church woald still defy the revolution, I shall be as severe as formerly I was magnanimous toward the people at enmity with my government.' Soon after the opening of the war he charged the Jesuits with engaging in intrigues against him; he has many times repeated the charge. He parodied the cry of Gambetta when he said : `Jesuitism is the enemy.' " The hostility between Alfaro and the church, so long as it lasts, will surely consti-tute a menace to his government. As we have already said, Ecuador is one of the most Catholic countries among all the Catholic countries of South America. Under the con-stitution which has just been reformed, that religion has prevailed there to the exclusion of every other, and the income of the Roman Catholic Church was derived from the gov-ernment. "It will be unsafe for General Alfaro to persist in his opposition to the power of the church for the sake of the revolution. He cannot disregard the danger of a counter-revolution." And this is the way that that church "never takes part in politics." NEWS AND NOTES. TURKEY for the Turks, seems to have been the watchword of the Turkish government in the terrible scenes lately enacted on Turkish soil; and this watchword is certainly as jus-tifiable as that of "Russia for the Russians." It is true that Turkey differs in her methods from her great "Christian" neighbor on the North, but it may be a question whether sim-ple butchery at home is not preferable to a lingering death from the hardships of Siberian exile. THE Christian Statesman, of November 21, publishes a "call for a convention, in the in-terest of national righteousness and Christian Endeavor," to be held in Chicago, December 16, 17. The convention will be purely a "National Reform" affair, yet the organ of the "National Reform" party advertises it as being "in the interest of . . . Christian Endeavor." This is a public announcement of what was already visible to observing eyes,Šnamely. that National Reformers and Christian Endeavorers stand on the same platform. THE official organ of the party whose aim is to force the United States Government to profess religion, has discovered a logical Con-nection between the President's National-Reform Thanksgiving proclamation and the settlement of the Venezuelan difficulty. The proclamation was issued November 4, and the agreement between England and the United States touching the Venezuelan ques-tion was concluded only eight days later. "Was there ever," says that journal, "a more complete or fuller illustration of that golden promise of God's word : 'Them that honor me I will honor' ?" To be sure, this controversy might have been settled long ago if these two "Christian" powers had not been so jealous for their na-tional "honor"; and, moreover, the English government, which has acquired no particu-lar "honor" in the Venezuelan settlement, has long maintained a State church, which is certainly a more direct national espousal of "Christianity" than is contained in the Pres- ident's proclamation; but, for "National Reform" purposes, any objection which these facts might present to the view that in the Venezuelan agreement God honored the pres-ent administration for the character of its Thanksgiving proclamation, is outweighed by the evidence contained in the mere proximity of the one event to the other. The "National Reform" organ finds a reason for this religious action by the President and Secretary of State, in "the Christian En-deavor convention held in the Capital of the nation last July, with its three great tents pitched on the government's property at the very door of the White House," and in this it probably comes much nearer the truth. THE Roman Catholic doctrine that the public schools ought to be a medium for the inculcation of religion, is based by Catholics upon the ground that without this the schools are "Christless." "Everywhere," says the Catholic Review, of November 28, "the Cath-olic Church opposes the exile of Christ from public schools." But would Christ be exiled from the public schools by excluding from them the teaching of the Roman Catholic religion? What Protestant will maintain that He would? And yet this Roman Catho-lic claim rests upon exactly the same "logic" as that which underlies the idea that the national Constitution is a "Godless" docu-ment because it does not recognize any na-tional deity. A. WRITER in the Western Watchman (Cath-olic), of November 19, states that the pope has sent the papal delegate at Constantinople, Mgr. Bonetti, to the Sultan, "bearing an au-tograph letter from the pontiff of the Chris-tians to the head of the followers of the Cres-cent," in which Leo "besought the Sultan in the name of God to put an end to the Ar-menian atrocities." He hopes that the result will be such as will add new glory "to the halo which for ages has sat upon the radiant brow of that immortal guardian of rightŠthe papacy." It is well to remember, in con-nection with such statements, that upon a former memorable occasion the "pontiff of the Christians" sent forth with his blessing a great "Christian" expedition to slaughter the Turks in and around Jerusalem and recover possession of the "holy sepulcher." "Peter the Hermit" first proposed the idea, and when he had made it popular, the pope took the movement under his auspices that the "glory" of it might accrue to the papacy. What the pontiff has in mind to-day is not so much the cessation of slaughter as the bright-ening of the papal "halo." If the former were his object, he might send an autograph letter to General Weyler. THE Catholic Review, of December 5, con-cludes some mournful reflections upon the warlike conditions which prevail to-day throughout Europe, with this statement: "There can be no peace, no disarmament, without mutual confidence, and this can never be hoped for until the natural union has been affected of the European States under the presidency of that potentate in whom alone all would have perfect trust and by whom none of them would be betrayedŠthe pope." It was under the presidency of the pope that the nations of Europe experienced the "peace" of the Middle Ages, during which such military figures as Charlemagne and Charles V. rose to prominence. The "Chris- tian" nations of the world were then happily united in one "faith," which they firmly maintained while their armies clashed on the field of battle! Besides this, no little ex-ercise of arms was required in the extermina-tion of the millions of "heretics" with which Europe was filled. Truly it was great "peace" that the civilized world enjoyed under the "presidency" of the pope! We do not sigh for a return of that regime. THE Ram's Horn, a prominent religious journal, says in its issue of November 5: "This nation is to be Christian or pagan. There is no middle ground. Which shall it be?" This is true enough if the nation is to profess a religion, for paganism embraces the whole field of religion outside of Christianity. And it is further true that if we are to have a governmental religion, that religion will most certainly be pagan, since Christianity does not operate by the force of civil govern-ments, but by faith and love. There have been many instances of the profession of Christianity by a civil government; but in every case the religion manifested was pagan; in every case it led the government to perse-cute tree Christians. Every student of his-tory knows this. How then will it be with the profession of Christianity by our own government? A CORRESPONDENT of the N.Y. Sun, of Nov. 17, 1896, in the following pertinent paragraph, calls attention to a condition of things that must certainly-arrest the serious considera-tion of all thoughtful persons:Š "In the face of the facts that Bibles by the million almost may be had for the asking, that is, the Word of God is easily obtained without money and without price, and that editions of the New Testament have long been published for a penny a copy in England, and nearly as cheap in this country, and immense sums of money are gathered by Bible socie-ties, to be expended in disseminating the Scriptures printed in the English language and in almost every existing tongue, the lang-uage of the Bible is, apparently, more and more ignored by the people at large. While ministers of the gospel profess to preach Christ and him crucified, it is a fact too well known tbat utterances from the pulpits of the nation savor more of the things of this life than of the life that is to come. True, a text and a portion of Scripture are read and followed by long prayers and artistic singing, but one listens in vain for the glorious and comforting language found in the 'Sermon on the Mount,' preached by the man Jesus, who had not where to lay his head. Is it not a fact that the growing neglect and ignorance of the Bible among the people is an outgrowth of secular preaching that has taken the place of gospel preaching in the pulpits of all de-nominations of Christians?" INTERESTING FACTS. Am this time when so much is being said con-cerning the nations of Europe, we believe it will be interesting to everybody to see the picture of some of the people who stand at the head of the various governments. The above heading is the name of a little book, which contains besides 74 pages of very interesting facts brought out in various ways, an album of 21 fine half-tone cuts direct from the pho-tographs of European royalty, and includes Victo-ria, Queen of England; Christian IX., King of Den-mark, and his Queen; Frederick, Crown Prince of Denmark; Oscar, King of Sweden; Sophia, Queen of Sweden; the King and Queen of Greece; Alex- 