116 -r1=1E AMMR/cAN SENTINEL. 1 Ł the Statesman that the most prominent line followed by the editor is a demand for religious legislation, especially com-pulsory Sunday observance. How have Protestants come to observe Sunday as the Sabbath ? Let our Catholic friends answer:Š It is worth its while to remember that this ob-servance of the SabbathŠhi which, after all, the only Protestant worship consists,Šnot only has no foundation in the Bible, but it is in flagrant con-tradiction with its letter, which commands rest on the Sabbath, which is Saturday. It was the Cath-olic Church which, by the authority of Jesus Christ, has transferred this rest to the Sunday in remem-brance of the resurrection of our Lord. Thus the observance of Sunday by the Protestants is an homage they pay, in spite of themselves, to the authority of the church. ŠPlain Talk about the Protestantism of To-day, page 213. In the light of these facts it is easy to see why Catholics can unite with Protest-ants to enforce Sunday observance. It is also plain that it is not because the Oath olic Church is changing her faith and adopting the Protestant principles of the Bible and the Bible alone as her rule of faith, but because on this line Protestants are adopting Catholic principles.. I am not surprised that a Catholic editor should give expression to such words of com- mendation of the course being pursued by Protestants on this line; but that a Prot- estant editor can regard such remarks as complimentary is passing strange. Surely the time has come to inquire what is the character of this professedly Christian system with which Protestantism is about forming a coalition to advance the religion of Jesus of Nazareth. It is a system of self-exaltation seeking worldly wealth and honor and power. "A system which, pretending to be that of Christ, suppressed the Bible, extinguished knowledge, locked up the human mind, amused it with the most ludicrous baubles, and granted official licenses to commit all species of crime and impurity." A system that, having departed from the plain word of God and adopted tradition in many of its observances, formed a creed and called upon the State to enforce it upon all its subjects under penalty of death. Under this system millions of Christians were put to death in the most cruel manner that it was possible to invent. Such is the system that now praises a Protestant editor for doing "all within his power to establish lines of common action in which Catholics and Protestants as Christians and Americans can join." And this is not strange since these "lines" contain the very principles that have made this system the iniquitous thing that it is. To those whO think that the religion of Christ would be advanced by forming a union with such a system on the lines of compulsory religious observance, I would submit the following facts concerning the character of the religion of Christ :Š Unlike all other founders of a religious faith, Christ had no selfishness, no desire of dominance; and his system, unlike all other systems of worship, was bloodless, boundlessly beneficent, inexpressi-bly pure, and, most marvelous of all, went to break all bonds of body and soul; and to cast down every temporal and spiritual tyranny. It was a system calculated for the whole wide universe; adapted to embrace men of all climes, all ages, all ranks of life, or intellect; for the rich and for the poor; for the savage and the civilized; for the fool and the philosopher; for man, woman, and child; which, recognizing the grand doctrine, that " God made of one blood all the nations of the earth, represented the Almighty as the Father, and all men as brethren born to one universal love, to the same inalienable rights, to the same eternal hope. He himself was the living personification of his principles. Demolishing.  the most inveterate prej-udices of men, by appearing a poor man among the poor; by tearing away from aristocratic pride and  priestly insolence their masks of most orthodox assurance; by proclaiming that the truth which he taught should make all men free; by declaring that the Gentiles lorded it over and oppressed one another, but that it should not be so with his fol- lowers; by pulling down with indignation spiritual pride in high places, and calling the poor and the afflicted his brethren, and the objects of his tender-est regard, he laid the foundation of civil and reli-gious freedom, of mental power growing out of unrestrained mental energies, and of love and knowledge co-equal in extension with the world. This perfect freedom of universal man he guarded by great everlasting principles, intelligible to the mind and the conscience of the whole human race; and on which men in all countries might found institutions most consonant to their wants. By declaring that wherever two or three were met together in his name, he would be in the midst of them, he cut off forever every claim, the most specious, of priestly dominance; and by expressing his unqualified and indignant abhorrence of every desire of his disciples to call down fire from heaven upon his enemies, or to forbid those to preach and work miracles in his name who did not immedi-ately follow him; and conform to their notion, he left to his Church a light more resplendent than that of the sun, on the subject of non-interference with the sacred liberty and prerogatives of con-science. God forbid that the Protestant Church' should ever step aside from these pure principles of the gospel of Christ, and following the traditions of Rome, unite with her in demanding legislation in sup-port of her holy days. The religion of love brought to the world through Jesus Christ, seeks no enactment of human legislators to give it success. Its power is from above. Trusting in that power though walking the narrow way in humil-ity, under difficulties, every day's march is a march of victory, and her steady ad-vance is the advance of a conqueror. Entering the political arena, she sepa-rates from this power, lays aside her robes of victory, and like Samson who when shorn of his locks fell weak and helpless into the hands of his enemies, the Philistines, so the Church of 'Christ, thus separated from the source of her power, falls powerless into the hands of her great foe antichrist. Let every true Protestant still protest against the traditions of the Church of Rome, and in harmony with the teachings of Christ still plead that the Church and the State be kept forever separate. R. O. PORTER. Legislative Religion at Washington. PROFITING by the success gained from sharp legislative practice in the Legisla-ture of New York, where the Sunday-clos-ing clause to the World's Fair appropria-tion bill was carried through the Senate as a rider to the appropriation, those who are advocating the bill to prohibit the Sunday opening of exhibitions, where Congress has appropriated money, have forced the consideration of this measure upon the Senate Committee on the Quadro-Centen-nial. The committee has been compelled to give its time, to this Sunday closing discussion, in order to forestall the use of the question as an obstructive measure to prevent or hinder appropriations, necessary for the highest success of the Exposition, unless conditioned on Sunday closing. This bill, the enacting clause of which reads, "That no exhibition or ex-position for which appropriation is made by Congress shall be opened on Sunday " was introduced in the House by Mr. Morse, of Massachusetts, and in the Senate by Mr. Colquitt, of Georgia. In the Senate the bill was first referred to the Committee on Education and Labor, Ševidently from the force of habit, as Mr. Blair, formerly chairman of that com- mittee, has heretofore been the father of, and sponsor for, all bills of this religio-legal character in the Senate. It has since been transferred to the Committee on the Quadro-Centennial, of which Mr. Petti-grew, of South Dakota, is chairman. It is said that the Senate Committe on Ap-propriations has determined to refer all questions of appropriations for the World's Fair to this committee, and give it abso-lute jurisdiction over all bills and resolu-tions in reference to governmental aid to the Columbian Exposition. ON March 24, the Senate Committee on the Quadro-Centennial gave a hearing upon this Colquitt bill, which would enact that the funds of the United States should rest from profit-making on Sunday, where they are appropriated for exhibitions and expositions. Those who addressed the committee were Rev. H. H. George, for the American Sabbath Union; Rev. T. P. Stevenson, for the National Reform Association; and L. S. Coffin, of Iowa, representing the Brotherhood of Railway Men. Mr. George presented religious and legal reasons for the Sunday-closing of the World's Fair, at Chicago, taking it for granted, evidently, as something be-yond question, that this bill to close all exhibitions, for which the United States appropriates money, might be passed and affect retroactively the Columbian Expo-sition. Mr. Stevenson told the committee that the Christian people of this country made the Centennial Exposition, at Phila-delphia, a success financially; and claimed that there were 18,000,000 of church com-municants, and, with those under their influence, about 54,000,000 of people in the United States who demand the Sunday-closing of the Exposition, at Chicago. Mr. Coffin asked for congressional action as a moral support to the railway brake-men, whom he represented, and to assist them in making terms with their employers. He also said that the organization he rep-resented proposed asking Congress to pro-hibit the Sunday running of interstate mail trains. Some questions elicited from Mr. Stevenson the information that he had reason to believe the Local Board was not in favor of closing the Exposition on Sunday, and on that account he came to ask congressional interference. One of the private reasons which he made public was that, as he said, P. D. Widner, dele-gate at large on the Exposition Board, from Pennsylvania, had declared that he would spend 60,000 to prevent the Sunday-closing of the Fair, and this-  because he was a large stockholder in a Chicago street railway company. The committee is to give further hearing upon this subject, and have expressed a desire for an impartial discussion of the question and a presentation of different views. THE hearing upon the Sunday-closing question before the Senate Committee drew quite a number of Sabbath Unionists and National Reformers to Washington, and among them was Col. Elliott F. Shepard, President of the American Sabbath Union.  A reporter for the Post interviewed Mr. Shepard, and after giving a personal de-scription, in which he seems to have been surprised that a man who is so many kinds of a crank could be at the same time so courteous and graceful a gentleman, re-parts him as saying:Š A good many of the States that have made ap-propriations for the. Exposition have provided that 