THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 5 olic name into seven million two hundred thousand and one. Yet this was not so much to be wondered at, because the same principle had been acted upon before throughout the country, and when five hundred petitioners could be made out of one hundred, and two hun-dred and forty thousand out of two hundred and forty, it was perfectly easy -and entirely con-sistent to make seven million two hundred thousand and one out of one. This thing was perfectly consistent also with the. principle in another point. The petition read, " We, the undersigned, 'adult residents of the United States, 21 years of age or more, hereby, petition," etc. In count-ing these seven million two hundred thou-sand petitioners in behalf of the Sunday law, they thereby certified that all these were Cath-olics " 21 years of age or more." But there was not a man in that Convention, and there is- not' a woman in the W. C. T. U., who does not know that there are not that many Catho-lics in the United States " 21 years of age or more." They virtually certified that all the Catholics in the United States are " 21 years of age or more," for they distinctly announced that all the Roman Catholics " were peti-tioning for the Sunday law. .But when they had virtually certified the same thing of the Protestant churches throughout the country, why should they not go on and swing in "all the Roman Catholics" in the same way? They could do the one just as honestly as they could do the other. When men and women professing themselves to be Protestant Christians will do such things as that to carry the Catholic. Church with them, it is time they ceased to call themselves Protestants. And when they will do such things for any purpose, it is time they should cease to call themselves Christians. Christianity means honesty. There was a question handed in on this, as follows: =" Is it consistent with either Protest-ant 'principles or American principles to rec-ognize the propriety of one man's absorbing into himself the personality of seven million two hundred thousand pe6ple, as you have granted to Cardinal Gibbons in this case?" The question was not even read to the audi-ence, much less was it answered. Mr. Shepard, the presiding officer, was the next to speak, and he was "glad to welcome the Roman Catholics in any work in which they could be induced to join." He said the fourth commandment is the first command-ment with blessing, and, very truly, that it would be a blessing to everyone who would keep it. But, said he, many will ask, " How shall I find out whether I shall be blessed?" Answef " Why, by keeping it, to be sure. Keep the Sabbath, and you will get the bless-ing, and you can't get it in any other way." All this is true enough, but Mr. Shepard did not tell how this blessing can come upon those who will not keep it without being compelled to by the civil law, which they are seeking to have enacted. Can they compel men to receive the blessing of God? The first speaker on Wednesday was Dr. Con-tad, editor of the Lutheran Observer. His sub-ject was, "The Reaction against the Conti- nental Sunday." He described the Sunday in European countries, and .especially in Germany. He said- in Europe, the Sunday afternoon and evening were devoted to the theaters, which at those times have especially attractive programs, and to the beer gardens. Bishop Hurst, on 'the same subject, said that in Germany the finest theatricals are played on Sunday afternoons, and " the pastors are there with their flocks; " and there the people often meet their pastor, whom they in the forenoon had heard preach. Dr. Fernley, Secretary of the Philadelphia Sunday Association, next spoke, and heartily wished that our National Constitution "had God, and Jesus Christ, and the Bible, in it; " and complained that our foreign population demanded a Continental Sunday instead of the American Sabbath. The statements of these last three speakers about the Continental Sunday called out the following question :Š " The Continental countries are Roman Catholic countries.. The Continental Sunday is the Roman Catholic Sunday. In the-peti-tion for this National Sunday law you have six million Protestants, and seven million two hundred thousand Catholics. Now sup-pose the law should be passed, would you then have a Continental Sunday or an `-Amer-ican Sabbath'? In other words, can the six million Protestants compel the seven million two hundred thousand Catholics to keep Sun-day in the Protestant way ? " This question was likewise neither read nor answered. Mr. George May Powell said that in this matter of Sabbath reform " there is nothing so much needed as a better observance of the Sabbath by the ministry and the laity of the churches. When the clergy and the laity come up to the scriptural observance of the Sabbath, and not till then, will the land en-joy her SabbathsŠnot till there is a reform of the evangelical clergy and laity." All of which is true. But if the clergy and laity will not reform without the power of civil law which they themselves must enforce, how in the world shall this much desired re-form ever be accomplished. Senator Hawley, of Connecticut, was to have presided over the meeting Wednesday night, but being hindered by business at the Capitol, he sent a letter in which he expressed his indorsement of the work, and his general concurrence in it. Congressman Dingley, of Maine, was pres-ent at this meeting, and made a speech strongly indorsing the movement, and saying that "there are few more important National questions than that which had called this assembly." Dr. Crafts next opened the question box, and answered such questions as he could. He said: "The greatest trouble on this ques-tion in this country is in the churches and among the preachers. They do not observe the Sabbath. There are some preachers in the pulpit who do not observe it." One question was: "In view of the large number of Catholic petitioners, why was there no Catholic elected as -a member of the Executive Committee of the Union ? " The  Doctor replied that a member of that churchŠa Mr. HickeyŠhad been that day chosen upon the Executive Committee. But, Mr. Crafts did not tell the audience that he himself had done his best to prevent this. He did not tell how he in executive session had re-peatedly tried to adjourn the meeting to defeat the election of a Catholic upon the Board. He was perfectly willing to use all the Catholics upon the strength of the Cardi-nal's name, but he was not willing to grant them representation on the Executive Com-mittee. Mr. Hickey was elected, though, in spite of Dr. Craft's opposition. In further talk Mr. Crafts exposed the spring of the whole movement by saying that " tak-ing religion out of the day takes the rest out." Meetings were held Thursday afternoon and evening, but there was nothing of importance said more than has been already reported in this, or in the report from the Chicago Con-vention. Dr. Herrick Johnson repeated his Chicago speech on the "Sunday Newspaper." Thursday forenoon they had a second hear-ing before the Senate Committee on Education and Labor, Senator Blair chairman, to present the petition of their six million Protestants and their seven-million-two-hundred-thou-sand-times-multiplied Cardinal. There was'  nothing said by them there materially in addition to what was Łsaid in Convention, except the statement of Dr. Sunderland, of Washington CityŠPresident Cleveland's pas-torŠwho, in explaining to the Senate Com-mittee how the change of the Sabbath came about from the seventh day to the first day of the week, declared that " Sunday is the sev-enth day of the Christian week "1 The managers of the movement Ł were greatly encouraged by the work of the Con-vention, as they have good reason to be, and expressed themselves as very hopeful of get-ting the National Sunday Bill enacted into a law, and signed by President Cleveland before the expiration of the term of his office, on March 4. And it is certain that if fallacious arguments, deceptive statements, and dis-honest practices can accomplish it, their hope is not groundless. The American people not only do not half realize the danger that there is in this move-ment if the law should be secured, but they do not half realize the chicanery that is being employed to secure it. The greatest danger of all is that the people will not realize it till it is everlastingly too late. A. T. J. Washington, D. C., December 16, 1888. Sunday-Law Arguments. "LIBERTY of rest for each demands a law of rest for all." This is a favorite proposition among Sunday-law advocates. They tell us it is impossible for a part of the people to keep Sunday properly while the rest are pursuing their regular avocations, or indulgingŁ in pleas-ures and amusements. That is to say, the Almighty has fixed things in such a way that it is impossible for one person to be a true Christian unless every-body else will be a Christian at the.same time. 