570 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Papal Titles for Sale. ACCORDING to the following from the Pall Mall Gazette, and which is reprinted in that thoroughly Cath- olic paper, the New York Sun, a very considerable income for the papal treasury is derived from the sale of papal "titles of nobility," which can be had from any person who is able to hand over the cash equivalent:Š "What the popes can, and do create, are counts of Rome. These nobles are not counts of the papal states, which no longer exist. They are, properly speaking, counts of the VaticanŠCounts Palatine, nobles of the palace. The official title, indeed, is 'Count of the Apos-tolic Palace and of the Court of the Lateran.' The des-ignation comes down from the time when the popes lived at St. John Lateran, and these Comites were, in actual fact, the 'companions' of the pontiff. It is another sur-vival of those distant days that every bishop-assistant at the pontifical throne is created a count when he receives his court nomination. But it is in relation to laymen that these papal distinctions are most interest-ing. Originally, no doubt, as still is the case in theory, Vatican titlesŠand the pope grants everything from knighthoods to dukedomsŠwere conferred as rewards for good and faithful service to the church. "In such cases it is the custom of the pope to confer these honors motu proprio et sine petuniaŠwithout the payment of fees to the Vatican Chancery. But during the present century great numbers of papal titles have been created, and it is quite certain that the vast ma-jority of them have not been accorded sine petunia. The granting of them, indeed, has come to be regarded as a regular and legitimate source of income to the Holy See; and it would appear that it is no longer nec-essary to be a Roman Catholic or even, for the matter of that, a Christian at all to become a noble of the Apostolic Palace and of the Court of the Lateran. Ac-cording to the tariff of a foreign 'nobility agent,' which was issued a few years ago, the title of prince could at that time be had for £3,000; a dukedom cost £2,000, while £1,000 would buy a courtship, and £800 a barony. We need hardly say that we do not vouch for these figures. "It has often been denied that the Vatican sells titles; and, technically speaking, it of course does not. The money paid is not in return for the distinction; it passes in the guise of fees for making out and sealing the patent, and so onŠfees which even an English peer or baronet has to pay. Nor does the pope stand alone in covering up transactions of this kind under pleasant fictions. Italy and Portugal do the same, to say nothing of the accommodating little republic of An-dorra, which recently ennobled an American because be made an allowance of £100 a year to the national li-brary. It is in France that papal titles find their readi-est sale, which is not surprising, seeing that they are borne by many Frenchmen of position and real distinc-tion. Indeed, it is almost traditional that every French ambassador to the court of the Vatican should be cre-ated a count by the pope, and it is only a few months since the customary distinction was conferred upon M Poubelle. It would be ill-bred to refuseŠalmost as im-possible, indeed, as it would be for a French president  to decline the honorary canonry of St. John Lateran. M. Loubet, like his predecessors, is, indeed, already a canon of the Lateran." Japan as a Civilized Nation. ON the 17th of July last, Japan was formally ad-mitted to the family of civilized nations. A Berlin paper, commenting on the occurrence, says: "Europe has never before admitted a 'heathen' nation to equality, and it is no use trying to hide the fact that Japan would never have been admitted 'into the family' if she had not devel-oped such uncommon energy. Her position has been gained by her own efforts." And the most conspicuous feature of Japan's "uncommon energy" is represented in her present effi-ciency as a, military power. It is but a few years since Japan astonished the world by a successful attack upon the giant empire of China, executed with a skill worthy of the most efficient commanders in any country, and with a ready use of the most efficient military weapons. And Japan has ever since been pushing rapidly to the front as a military power. A Canadian journal, The Times, says on this point:Š "Japan has now a navy afloat and in preparation for early launching that places it among the leading naval powers of the globe, and the quality of the Japan-ese as fighting men was well tested in the late war with China; they are bold and dashing fighters, fine tacti-cians, good gunners." With all this in view, an alliance with Japan has been counted as an advantage not to be overlooked by any one of the civilized powers. English journals have been very outspoken upon this point, and it is not con-sidered a safe thing to shut English ports against the Japanese, as they are shut against China. "China's feebleness and ignorance," says the London, Ontario, Advertiser, "merely happen to spare us the unpleasant consequences that might arise if we treated a more sen-sitive and powerful nation in the same way." Japan is treated like a civilized nation because she has become a powerful nation. Japan is not a Chrisitan nation, even in profession; yet she is now recognized as on an equality with any civilized nation of the earth. It is not Christianity, or a profession of it, that wins her this respect from civilization; it is force. PowerŠfighting powerŠis respected and even rev-erenced in the civilized world to-day. It is the posses-sion of this that puts a people on an equality with those of civilized lands; that makes them reckoned as civilized in the world. Modern civilization and fighting ability are expressions altogether too nearly synonymous in meaning. Free until September 30. See page 575. 