352 A.M  11-441ELII CAW S11-4.N9P11N1H-U-4. VoL. 10, No. 44. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 7, 1895. I ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having  ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. As this paper goes to press at least two Seventh-day Adventists, one in Tennessee, the other in Maryland, are about to answer before civil counts for failure to observe, as prescribed by law, the first day of the week, the " Christian sabbath." IN considering our relation to "the powers that be," we must distinguish between the " powers" and the rulers who represent the powers. The " powers " that are " ordained of God" are always right and good; but the rulers are very of ten decidedly bad. We are always to be subject to the powers, but not to the rulers in the sense of obeying them, when they step outside the limits of the pow-ers. God has not ordained that we should ever be thus subject to that which is evil. WE have just learned through ex-Senator Wm. P. Tolley, of Rucker, Tenn., of the death, on the 19th ult., of Elder J. G. Woods, of Fayetteville, Tenn. Elder Woods, a Prim-itive Baptist minister, was a firm friend to the AMERICAN SENTINEL and a fearless ad-vocate of the principles which it advocates. Elder Woods was not known to us personally, but his lifelong friend, Senator Tolley, de-scribes him as " one of the Lord's most faith-ful followers and a good man in the full sense of the term." He was about seventy-two years of age. Death came suddenly but it had no terrors for such a man. THE Monitor (Roman Catholic), of San Francisco, ridicules the application of Rev. 13 :18 to the papacy, and gives an exhibition of cheap wit by manipulating the name of one of the editors of this paper and then figur-ing out of it the mystic number 666. But this is too serious a matter for sport. The stub-born fact remains that without manipulation the numerical value of the letters in the chief title of the popes is just 666Šthe "number six hundred three score and six," of Rev. 13: 18. The blasphemous title, " Vicarius Filii Dei," so proudly worn by the pope, is in reality the brand of Cain upon the brow of the papacy. ACCORDING to the Chicago Tribu'ie, of the 28th ult., the Barbers' Mutual Protective As-sociation of that city, is endeavoring to secure the repeal of the ordinance of July 15, closing barber shops on Sunday. The barbers are willing to risk arrest under the State " law," if the city authorities will repeal the ordi-nance. A committee first waited upon the mayor, but he informed them that he was powerless  to act, as the ordinance made it obligatory upon him to enforce it; he referred them to the Board of Aldermen, to whom they must now look for relief from an oppressive municipal regulation. If we understand the matter cor-rectly, the barbers were the prime movers only a few months since in securing the passage of the ordinance which they now wish re-pealed. THE Herald and Presbyter, of October 9, says of Seventh-day Adventists:Š ' In more than one quiet community they have courted martyrdom, not by observing Saturday as the Sabbath, as they have a right to do, nor by working quietly on Sunday, but by doing this as noisily and ostentatiously as possible and interfering with the peace and quiet to which the community has a right. A more grossly false statement could scarcely be made. In not one of the scores of cases of the prosecution of Seventh-day Adventists, tried in more than half a dozen different States, has anything of this kind been true. The writer has personally heard the evidence in more than a score of such cases, and in not one of them has there been one particle of evi-dence to sustain the charge made by the Herald and Presbyter. In a letter to Governor Turney, of Tennes-see, under date of April 8, 1895, Judge Jas. G. Parks, before whom probably twenty such cases have been tried, said: " There was no aggravation shown in a single case. It is true they did some work on Sunday, but it was done in a quiet way, and without any studied effort on their part to attract public:attention. In fact, the proof rather tended to show, that they tried to do their work in such a way as not to attract public attention." It is possible that there have been isolated cases in which Seventh-day Adventists have forgotten the Golden Rule in the matter of Sunday work, but we know of no such case. In view of all the facts we feel that it is incumbent upon the Herald and Presbyter either to retract its bitter and sweeping charge or else to cite facts and circumstances in sup-port of it. ELDER J. 0. CORLISS, well known to many of our readers as a former contributor to the columns of the AMERICAN SENTINEL, sends us a letter from New South Wales, Australia, in which he says:Š We have not yet in this country felt the rigors of persecution as our brethren in the southern States of America have been experiencing it. Two or three ar-rests have been made here for Sunday work among our brethren, but nothing more has come 'of these than to make our work a little more prominent. It has served, however, as a reminder to us that the same spirit which goes to such extremes in America, is not dead in this country, and will under certain condi-tions follow 'the same course that is being followed there. Already, there is a good deal of quiet work being done by ministers and others to cultivate a Sun-day-law sentiment, and little incidents arise here and there to show that this sentiment is being strength-ened from week to week. It does not require a very great stretch of the imagination to believe that very soon we shall feel the rod of oppression also in Aus-tralia. But I have noticed one thing, that when per-secution sets in in any part of the world, the truth prospers more in that place than it ever has before. I expect that the same results will follow the enforce-ment of Sunday laws in this country. Elder Corliss certainly does not state the  matter any too strongly when he says that " it does not require a very great stretch of the imagination to believe that very soon" they " shall feel the rod of oppression in Aus-tralia." The Word of God plainly says that " all the world shall worship the beast;" and it is 'by keeping Sunday that all the world pays homage to Rome. EUROPE continues to be greatly agitated over the affairs of the Ottoman empire. Ever since August 11, 1840, at which time the Turkish Sultan surrendered to the great powers of Europe his independence, Turkey has existed as the " sick man of the East." Scores of times it has seemed that the final demise of the Ottoman empire was but a ques- tion of days or at most of months. Not its own vitality but the jealousy of other nations has kept Turkey alive as a political power for more than half a century; but the end has all the while been regarded as inevit-able by statesmen everywhere. Sooner or later the Turkish power will be driven from Europe; and it seems as though the Armenian troubles, which have recently startled the world, would certainly be the occasion of the dismember-ment of the empire of the Sultan. That the Turk will be driven from Europe is not only the deliberate judgment of states-men, but it is a plain prediction of prophecy. Daniel 11: 45 says plainly of this power: "He shall plant the tabernacles of his palace be-tween the seas in the glorious holy mountain; yet he shall come to his end, and none shall help him." Driven from Europe, the Turk will make Jerusalem his capitol, but only temporarily; " he shall come to his end, and none shall help him." But what then? Again, let the Scriptures answer. " At that time shall Michael [Christ] stand up [reign], the great prince which standeth for the children of thy people: and there shall be a time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time; and at that time thy people shall be delivered, everyone that shall be found written in the book. And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting life, and some to shame and everlasting contempt. And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever." Dan. 12:1-3. The departure of the Turk from Europe will be one of the last acts in the drama of this world's history. WORD received from London as we are going to press states that the manager of the International Tract Society at 451 Holloway Road, was on October 24 served with fourteen summonses for violations of the factory law in not compelling certain of his employds to cease work on Sunday. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly,  opposed to anything  tending  toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City, 