THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 365 seat or church, the first thing will be to break down the principle upon which they rest. That is, republican govern-ment. If that is legitimate and right they must stand intact, and perform their duties in perfect harmony therewith. And, in this respect, there can be no distinction. All are equal and all are entitled to re-ceive whatever education may be legiti-mate with this end in view. Therefore, it must be common, in which all agree, as far as it goes. And hence all who agree in republican government must be supplied with an education that simply conforms therewith. And so the schools being creatures of the State, which is itself secular, must be of a secular char-acter ; and their secular character must not be tampered with or encroached upon by any religious body, Catholic or Prot estant. The public 8chools are for all creeds, or no creed--Catholic, Protestant, or Agnos-tic; for all' nationalities, native-born and foreignŠfor the American, the Irishman, the German or Italian. This makes them impartial, secular and comprehensive. No other system can exist in this country so long as it is republican in manner and form.ŠThe National View. Work of the Church. IN matters of political economy the church is not authorized to expound God's will. Every time she has tried it she has done no end of mischief, and never any good. Our' Lord refused to be a judge in the distribution of prop-erty, and he never gave to his church an authority he would not assume for him-self, What Jesus did was' to forbid op-pression, but what oppression was in a particular case he did not decide. Solomon might have done that, Caiaphas might do that, but it was not for Him to do it. He asserted principles of love, unselfishness, order, but particular cases under those principles he never decided. He cried out for justice, mercy, and truth, but which brother had the right on his side was for the civil courts, to determine. Who made me a,judge over you ? What right have I to decide these questions ? There is the guiding light for the Church in all ages. It lays down great principles, but it throws upon men the responsibility of deciding what is best and right under those principles. In the old slavery days in this country it was the duty of the Church to speak about the iniquity of hu-man bondage, to speak of the sacredness of man, but it left men to decide how that iniquity was to be abrogated. It had no right to say that its members should go to the polls and vote with one political party as against the other. It is its duty to talk about the evils of intemperance, to urge men to sobriety in every possible way, but it has no right to say because a certain governor is commonly believed to be in  league with the saloons that no man can be a Christian and vote for him, nor has it any right to bind all its members to vote for prohibition or high license. The Lutherans of Illinois, according to recent papers, are making a political issue, fight-ing out at the polls a certain matter which they think nearly concerns them, and in my view it is a great mistake.ŠRev. John K. Allen, in Christian at Work. Let the Verdict Hasten. IT is well that the case of R. M. King, Seventh-day Adventist, of Obion County, Tenn., is to be carried to the Supreme Court of the United States for adjudica-tion. It will be remembered that he was heavily fined in the lower court for quietly working on his farm on Sunday; and that his defense as a Sabbath-keeper was dis-regarded. The decision has been sus-tained by the higher courts in the State, and hence the final appeal to the Supreme Court of the Nation. There have been several similar cases in which Seventh-day Adventists, and Seventh-day Baptists have been thus persecuted. Prejudice and ignorance have thus combined to pro-duce a state of things like that which ex-isted in the Middle Ages. Such cases denote a revival of the bigotry which burned' Protestants and Papists in the stormy days of the English Reformation. It seems incredible that such things can be in the last decade of the nineteenth 'cen-tury. They are part and parcel of the new crusade represented by the American Sabbath Union, and the attempt to 'Save the failing fortunes of Sunday by civil law. We are glad that the highest tribu-nal of the Nation is to pass upon this case. Every Sabbath-keeper is directly involved in the results which are likely to flow from that decision. The whole status of the Sunday laws of the United States is also likely to be much affected, pro or con, by the verdict of the court. Let that verdict hasten.ŠSabbath (Baptist) Recorder. Let the Churches Teach Religion. THE unsectarianism of our public school system is the secret of its-whole power, so that to sectarianize it would be to utterly destroy it. It is an American axiom that the perpetuity of our civil and religious freedom depends on a complete severance of Church and State. No loyal American who is acquainted with the theory and history of our Government will question that postulate for a moment. The First Amendment to our national Constitution is in these words : " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion." That settles the matter. Our public schools must be carried on consist-ently with that idea; there must be no sectarianism there ; there must be no " es-tablishment of religion " in connection with any of our national institutions;  certainly not in the public schools, where children are being trained for citizenship at the public expense. I believe in parochial schools. We have hundreds of Presbyterian schools, and the Baptists have hundreds more, but these are not sustained at the public expense. We expect to go on teaching the West-minster Confession of Faith in our denom-inational schools, but we have not the brazen effrontery to ask the common-wealth to foot the bills. If we choose to have a Presbyterian dance we will pay the piper with Presbyterian money. And that, too, while loyally supporting the non-sectarian public schools. There is room for both. The public schools, how-ever, must always and everywhere be of such a character that parents may send their children to them with a definite as-surance that their rights of conscience shall not be violated by the propaganda of any sect. Only so can our 'religious freedom be protected and secured for com-ing days.ŠRev. Dr. Burrell. German Lutherans and the English Language. SOME alarm has been felt in some parts of the West lest through the influence of paro-chial schools the rising generation should be kept in ignorance of the English language. We regard this fear as utterly groundless. How German Lutherans themselves look at the question will be seen from the fol-lowing article from the Vindicator, a Lutheran paper, published in Pittsburg, Pennsylvania:Š The opinion is freely expressed on all hands that the German language in this country will, sooner or later, die out. At the meeting of the Kansas District of the Missouri Synod, in Atchison, Kansas, last September, this opinion was expressedŠnot by young men and unthinking enthu-siastsŠbut by aged men of wide and va-ried experience. Everybody seems to be-come gradually reconciled to the inevitable; so then all that remains to be done is to draw the legitimate conclusions and to act upon the hint. Well, then, if that comes to pass what the wisest among us predict and concede to be inevitable, what is to become of our German Lutheran Church ? Shall it die with the language ? Perish the thought ! No true Lutheran can bear even to think of such a thing ! And yet this must in-evitably be the fate of the church unless sufficient provision is made to preach our doctrines in the English language. Or are we waiting for the precise moment when the climax shall have been reached, then all at once make German congregations English ? We all know that such a thing is impossible. A change like the one in question must be accomplished gradually. There will be no discharge of artillery to warn us of the necessity of a change. No 