ME SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 765 slaughtered on any day. But would The Defender, which desires laws to prohibit " man " from taking recreation on the Sabbath, also restrain the beasts, birds, and fishes from unnecessary roaming, flying, and swimming on that day? Sometimes we se-riously wonder to what lenggths< these zealous people would, not go if they had the power. THE working-man who favors Sunday legislation for the sake of larger liberty will find that he has sold his liberty for a mess of pottage. THE FORCE OF INDIVIDUALITY. ONE of the best thoughts suggested at the New York State Conference of Religion was by Prof. Walter Rauschenbusch, of Rochester, N. Y. Much emphasis had been laid upon the thought of unity in worship. Professor Rauschenbusch said: "There is something that we must bear in mind. We must not deceive ourselves by ignoring the fact that the whole man and every part of his soul life does not find full and satisfactory expression in any service wherein all distinctive and characteristic elements of worship are reduced to a common ritual uniform-ity. The Creator himself has distinguished human beings in races, in tribes, in families, in individuals. To attempt to destroy these differences is to attempt the impossible. More, it would be a decided loss to level down all distinctions to the humdrum medi-ocrity of uniformity. The most vital force of the world is the force of individuality." Another speaker emphasized the same thought by saying, "'Remember that all persecutors in re-igion have been communists. The logic of the persecutor has been communism in religion." God has not cast all men in the same mold. In the works of the divine Being we find uniformity in diversity. There are myriad forms of life, beauty, and individuality, and yet perfect harmony. The same should be true and will eventually be true in the great domain of morals. Indeed, in the great hereafter, when the redeemed of all nations shall be gathered home, God's great spiritual temple, which he is now rearing, will reflect perfectly all the per-fections of the divine character, and yet no two living stones in that great temple will be exactly alike. There will be perfect unity in diversity. All will be different, each having his own individuality, and yet all will be like God. This truth and the importance of individuality are lost sight of by the persecutor and by the com-munist in religion, who would cast in a single mold all human souls; who would bind to, his own con-ception of the divine law his fellow-men, and force them into reluctant conformity to his own moral and religious ideals. B. CIVIL OR RELIGIOUS ? SUNDAY is the first day of the week. This is proven by the Sunday laws, and is admitted by those who are engaged in a warfare upon those who see fit to enjoy themselves in their own way upon that day. The Sunday laws are not called religious laws, but " civil laws." Then Sunday must be a " civil," not a religious day. If Sunday is a " civil " day, then those things which are lawful and right on Monday, Wednesday, or Friday can not by any possible stretch of the imagination be wrong on Sunday, for a thing that is wrong at all on one , day, must in the nature ,of things be wrong at all times and in all places by all people. Now is Sunday, the first day of the week, a civil day or a religious one? There are seven days in the week, and in Genesis 1, where the weekly cycle of time, is first brought to view, the days were num-bered first, second, third, etc., down or up to the sixth; on each of these days work was performed; but on the following day, the seventh, God rested and-sanctified it or set it apart for the use of man-kind. Now God did not rest on the first day nor the third, but on the seventh. If he had rested on the third day it would have been a seventh part of time just as .truly as the seventh day was. But he was not through working on the third day; he finished his work on the seventh day. By this we see that God used the first day as a civil day; but, let us see if it is a civil day for man. " Six days shalt thou [man] labor and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God, in it thou [man] shalt do no work." Labor is permissible for six days, beginning to count with the first, but labor is prohibited on the seventh day; so we see that God says Sunday (as man calls the first day), is a civil, not a religious day. C. H. HARRIS. 