AMERICAN SENTINEL. 115 missionary society of any relation to any civil govern-ment and right of protection. If such a course could be pursued, with the concurrence of all Christian govern-ments, and without detriment to the commercial rights of their citizens or the security of secular property, Chris-tianity would be relieved of one of the most flagrant hin-drances to its spread in non-Christian lands, and Chris-tian missionaries would be looked up to with much more admiration than they now excite in Christian lands; for, when serious international complications arise, especially if they have been occasioned by the indiscretion or over-zeal of male or female missionaries, the world at large does not make charitable allowances for all the circuml stances. J. D." This illustrates the very truths that have been pointed out in the SENTINEL respecting the Christian's relation to earthly governments. Of course, when a person professes ChristianityŠthe heavenly citizenshipŠand at the same time wants to hold on to the state, as being a citizen of it, thus forming in himself a union of religion with the state, there must arise "painful anomalies" and "painful situations" such as the writer has described. And they cannot but be "especially" painful "to the Christian cit- izens of this country who disavow all connection between church and state." The situation would be much less painful and perplex-ing if "Christians" would really believe what they pro-fess, and then would act in harmony with their belief. Ł-44  ALL the false theocratical notions that have charac-terized the National Reform movement from its begin-ning, are now inherited, propagated, and cultivated by the false Christian citizenship combination. What May We Expect? WHAT is there about Sunday which leads its defend-ers to make such inexcusable blunders as that which ap-pears in the following?:Š "When ought we to prepare for Sunday? Ex. 16:23. "When God prepared food for the children of Israel, did he prepare any on Sunday? Ex. 16:27." These questions are part of a "catechism on the Sab-bath," which is printed in a late issue of the Christian Endeavor World, with the indorsement of John Willis Baer, the general secretary of the Endeavor organiza-tion. They amount to a definite assertion that the chil-dren of Israel kept Sunday during their wanderings in the wilderness. Now everybody knows that the children of Israel in the wilderness did not keep Sunday, or the first day of the week at all. Everybody knows that it is not claimed even by the most ardent advocates of Sunday, that the Israelites kept it. The very phrase "Jewish Sabbath" which those advocates delight to repeat in controversy, and by which they refer to the seventh day of the week, is a standing evidence of their belief upon this point. The Jews have kept the same weekly day ever since  they first became known as a nation. This no one will seriously dispute. And now the general secretary of the Christian En-deavor Society deliberately puts it out as truth that the Jews, back in their journey from Egypt to Canaan, kept Sunday; that it was Sunday that God designated by miracles in connection with the falling manna, as his Sabbath! We mention this because it leads us to make the in-quiry, To what lengths of error will the great Christian Endeavor body be led in their support of Sunday? If they will believe this, as they are of course expected to, being printed in their leading organ and indorsed by the official who stands next to the president, what will they not:believe in the line of religious error? And since it is true that people act in accordance with their beliefs, and since the Christian Endeavorers are ex-pected to be young men and women of action, what mis-takes may they not be expected to commit in action? This, in the case of such a body, is a very serious ques-tion. State Religion. BY ALLEN MOON. PEOPLE who clothe the state with divine attributes have not all lived in the musty ages of the past, but some of them have come down to our time, and not a few of them have drifted from the monarchies of the old worldŠwhere kings ruled by divine rightŠinto this fair land, where the government is by the people. But a feel-ing of lonesomeness comes over them; so they set them-selves about to remodelthe government of our land, after the old order, when rulers enforced divine decrees. Rev. Dr. McAllister, before the House Judiciary Com- mittee of Congress, used the following language in advo-cating the God-in-the-Constitution resolution, which fully justifies the above statement:Š "I say it comes to this: This matter of conscience is one that goes back to the moral sense of the people. It is not simply an individual conscience. It may be a Mohammedan conscienceŠthere may be an infidel or atheist conscienceŠI hardly know what that would be, but whatever it may be, he has it. Concede that he has it. Here is the nation which gives its decision according to its sense of right and wrong. That is the national conscience, and when the nation thus gives its decision, individuals whose conscientious views may conflictŠlike a Mormon who believes in polygamy, or any man who stood up for slavery after the question was settled, or any man in a prohibition state to traffic in liquorŠin such cases the individual conscience must yield to the conscience of the whole people, which is over him, and should be over him in order to enforce what is right, but which can be over him only by recognizing the Lord's supreme authority over the nation." It is difficult to believe that men with the Bible in 