"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 15. NEW YORK, JANUARY 18, 1900: NUMBER 3. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. Set Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not Ł ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.),  ALL men have equal rights because all are created in the image of God. A SABBATH-KEEPERS cannot be made out of Sabbath-breakers by any process but a change of heart. A A THE laws of men can uphold no standard of moral-ity that rises higher than the level of human wisdom. A A THE good neighbor and good citizen is always the man who adheres strictly to the dictates of his con-science. A A No MAN can yield his conscience to Caesar and to God at the same time. The domain of conscience does not admit of two sovereigns. A A PEOPLE who venture to interfere with the conscience of others because of religious differences, would do well to remember that conscience is strictly a divine and not a human institution. A THE "national conscience" is the conscience of the majority, and the majority represent only a power and authority that are human. In religion, the majority have nearly always been in the wrong. God is the only authority in religion, and in religion he speaks to the  majority through each individual, and not to each in-dividual through the majority. A THE Sunday laws do violence to the rights of all the people, no less than to those of the class who are made to suffer by them. They are a restriction upon reli-gious freedom. A SINCE the carnal mind is not subject to the law of God, and cannot be, as the Scriptures declare, it is plainly unscriptural and wrong to attempt to enforce the law of God, or Christian morality, by the law of man. And no other kind of morality ought to be en_ forced by any law. The "Usual Exemption" Analyzed. FROM the evidence which we have given from the record made by the N. W. C. T. U., it is certain that "the usual exemption for those who keep the Sabbath day," from the requirements of Sunday laws, which the Union "favors," does not exempt. That is to say, "the usual exemption" is so hedged about with restrictions that it is robbed of all the quality of an exemption. In order for any person to have the benefit of this "usual exemption," it is not enough to observe another day, but the person observing another day must "believe in" it. Nor is it enough to "believe in" and "observe" an-other day; but the person observing another day must "conscientiously believe in" it. And when a person does conscientiously believe in and observe another day than Sunday as the Sabbath, still the exemption does not count unless the person "reli.. giously" observes the day that he conscientiously be-lieves in and observes. 