408 AMERICAN. SENTINEL, The Author of Liberty. WITH feasting and fireworks, dancing and song, with blowing of trumpets and booming of cannon, the nation will soon celebrate the one hundred and twenty-first an-niversary of the Declaration of Independence. The pulpit and platform and press will unite in extol-ing the blessings of liberty. Thousands of voices from I he crowded forum of the great metropolis and from the green-carpeted grove of the country hamlet, will utter these memorable words:Š " We hold these  truths to be self-evi- dent: that all are created equal// that they are endoW - ecl,  by their Creato with certain unalien-able rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness. That to secure these rights governments are instituted among men, deriv-ing their just powers from the consent of the governed." While glory will be given to the au-thor of these words Šwhich are like ap-ples of gold in pic-tures of silverŠwhile glory will be given to the fathers of the republic who builded a nation on these principles; how many will remember the Author of liberty to "give glory to Him?" Thomas Jefferson, in these immortal words, himself acknowledges that liberty and equality, as "unalienable rights" are endowments of the "Creator." The same acknowledgment appears in the preamble to the Bill of Rights drafted by Jefferson and adopted by the General Assembly of Virginia December 26, 1785:Š " Well aware that Almighty God hath created the mind free; that all attempts to influence it by temporal punishments or burdens, or by civil incapacitations, tend only to beget habits of hypocrisy and meanness, and are a departure from the plans of the holy Author of our religion, who being Lord both of body and mind, yet chose not to propagate it by coercions on either, as was in his almighty power to do," etc. If the divine origin of liberty were not recognized by the men who promulgated the Declaration of Independ-ence, the fact would still remain that liberty was first heralded to the world by our Lord. The Declaration of Independence declares that "All men are created equal." Nearly eighteen hundred years before, Christ said: "One is your Master, even Christ, and all ye are brethren," and his disciples had taught that God "made of one blood all nations of men." Acts 17:26. Therefore "God is no respecter of persons." Acts 10:34. The Declaration of Independence says that men are endowed by their Creator with the unalienable right of liberty. Eighteen centuries before, the Author of "our holy religion" had Said: "Ye kno w that they which are accounted to rule over the Gen-tiles lord it over them; and their great ones exercise authority over them. But it is not so among you: but whoever would become great among you let him be servant of all." Mark 10:42, 43, R. V. Lording it over God's heritage is. con-demned by the Chris-tian religion, and where there is no, lording there is lib-erty. The Declaration of Independence declares that governments are instituted among men to secure the rights of liberty and equality. Christ, in condemn-ing the exercise of governmental lordship and making "rulers" servants of instead of lords over the people, and in making the State "a revenger to execute wrath upon him that doeth evil" and a "praise" or protector to him who "doeth good," taught nearly eighteen hundred years before the Declaration of Independence was pro-claimed that "to secure these rights [liberty and equal-ity] governments are instituted among men." While all this is true, how many will think, amid the din and roar, the dining and wining of Independence Day, to "fear God and give glory to him" who is the Author of ally  liberty, civil and religious, Christian and constitutional. A. F. B. How many who will talk fluently of liberty on Inde-pendence Day, will themselves be slaves of their appetites and passions? "If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed," AUTHOR OF LIBERTY. 