"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, MAY 11, 1899. NUMBER 19. Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. Agr Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postoffice.) CHRISTIANITY does not "follow the flag;" it follows the cross. 4 4 THE "civil Sabbath" represents an effort to secure 'rest without religion, recreation, or sleep. 4 4 TRUE Sabbath rest is derived from the Sabbath it-self, not from an enforced quiet and cessation of busi-ness. 4 4 THE true Christian warfare is not where one nation overcomes another, but where an individual overcomes the world. A A ONLY the law of Christ can provide the religion of 'Christ. A Sunday law can provide only the religion of the State. A 4 A SUNDAY law shuts off competition in trade; it pro-vides a way to be religious without costing anything. But religion which costs nothing is too cheap to be worth anything. THE religion God has provided costs something. The price of it was advertised on Calvary. Nor has it -gone down in price since the crucifixion. It costs now just as much as it did then. THE true religion demands the crucifixion of self. And he who has crucified self for the sake of religion has done infinitely more than any Sunday law could secure. He has done that which State religion does not demand, and the Sunday law is expressly designed to avoid. 4 4 THE law of Christianity demands the crucifixion of self; the State Sunday law demands the crucifixion of conscience. That is the difference between the religious laws of God and of man. And that is why no man or body of men has any business to enact such laws. 4 4 GOVERNMENT of the people by the people, cannot be any more righteous than the people are themselves. And the people cannot make themselves any more right-eous than they are. A Definition of Protestantism. AN Episcopalian authority, Canon McColl, is calling for a definition of Protestantism. He maintains that there is no definition of the word which shows it to be suitable as a designation for the Christian Church. He says:Š "In common parlance, a Protestant means anybody who is not a Roman Catholic, and Protestantism is thus a sort of drag-net that 'gathers fish of every kind,' from the believer in the Trinity and Incarnation to the Mor-mon and the agnostic, and even the avowed atheist. What, then, is the Protestant faith' of which we hear so much? It is a contradiction in terms. The note of faith is 'I believe.' The note of Protestantism is 'I do not believe.' It is a negative term, and therefore to call the Church of England 'Protestant' is much the same thing as to define a human being as 'not a quadruped.' " If "anybody who is not a Roman Catholic" is a Protestant, then anybody who is not a Protestant is a Roman Catholic; and anybody who says he is not a Protestant because he finds fault with that term as 