304 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. Vol. 7, No. 38. NEW YORK, SEPTEMBER 29, 1892. NOTE.-Any one receiving TEE AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered THE SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. " ACTIVE and powerful agencies," says the " Pearl of Days," " are constantly at work in Great Britain, as well as in Amer-ica, to break down the Sabbath." How-ever this may be in England, it is cer-tainly true in this country. And among these agencies none are more active or more powerful than is the so-called Amer-ican Sabbath Union whose sole mission is to exalt a pagan holiday at the expense of the Sabbath of the Lord. Š0Š BUT it is urged that the essence of Sab-bath observance is not in the particular day observed, but in. observing by rest and worship one seventh part of time in regular succession; and that the partic-ular day is a matter of indifference. This is the theory; the practice is that it is a matter of indifference as to the particular day providedalways that Sunday is ob-served. But that the particular day is an essential element of Sabbath observance is seen when we come to examine the insti-tution itself, and to understand its signifi-cance. -0- THE Sabbath is a memorial of the fin-ished creation : " For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day : wherefore the Lord blessed the Sab-bath day and hallowed it." This can never be true of any other day; and it must always be true of the seventh day. Says Rev. Mr. Elliott, in his prize essay, " The Abiding Sabbath," published by the American Tract Society, " While the reason remains, the law remains. The rea-son of the Sabbath is to be found in the fact of creation; it is God's one monument set in human history to that great event; and so long as the truth of creation and the knowledge of a Creator have any value to human thought, any authority over the human conscience, or make any appeal to human affections, so long the law and the institution of the Sabbath will abide with lasting instruction and un-diminished obligation." ŠoŠ IT follows from the statement made by Mr. Elliott, that to change the day neces-sarily involves a change of reason for ob-serving the day; in short, it is. to change the institution; and so we see in the Sab-bath and the Sunday, not two phases of  the same institution, but two rival insti-tutions. The one commemorating crea-tion, the other, it is claimed, the resurrec-tion; the one sacred to Jehovah, the other, it is claimed, equally sacred to his Son; the one stigmatized as "Jewish," the other called " Christian;" the one clearly of divine origin, the other set apart con-fessedly by the Church, and that in an age when corruptions had already per-verted the gospel of Christ. Š0Š To illustrate this matter, let us suppose that the Irish people were in a majority in this country, and that instead of cele-brating the Fourth of July they were to substitute the Seventeenth of March; and suppose further that they were to call it " Independence day," and celebrate it much as we now do the Fourth of July; and further suppose that their influence was such that they should cause their day to almost entirely take the place of our national holiday; could it ever become the same institution? Could it ever be truth-fully said that the American Independ-ence day had been transferred to the Seventeenth of March? and could the laws which now make the Fourth of July a legal holiday ever be made to apply without change to the day which had been introduced in opposition to the Fourth of July? In short, under such conditions would not everybody say that the Amer-ican Independence day had been sup-planted by the Irish Saint Patrick's day? Certainly they would. And this is ex-actly the case of the Sabbath of the Lord; it has been supplanted by a rival institu-tion. -Not indeed as is claimed by a day set apart by the Son of God, but by a heathen festival brought into the Church with other pagan corruptions, and foisted upon it by a foreign influence hostile to the spirit and intent of the Sabbath insti-tution, and bent on its destruction. Š0Š AT a recent Sunday School Association meeting at Meridian, Mich., it became necessary because of lack of time to omit one topic which was to have been dis-cussed. The choice lay between two, " Christ's Method of Teaching the Ex-ample for Sunday-school Teachers," and " Sunday-schools the Hope of the Na-tion." The latter topic was selected as being the more important theme, and a paper was read on it by Rev. G. H. Hud-son (Baptist), who took the position that inasmuch as this is a Christian Nation only a Christian is competent to stand at its head; and as Christians are developed largely in the Sunday-school, therefore the Sunday-school is the hope of the Na-tion. That is, upon the Sunday-school devolves the work ,of training the future presidents of the United States ! Truly the preachers of this country are getting ahead of the bishops of Constantine's time. The bishops only sought to make politics a branch of religion; the preachers  are seeking to make, religion and polities identical. It matters little about the ex-ample of Christ if only the Sunday-school can train the presidents! ABOUT as as disingenuous a plea for Sun-day laws as we have seen for some time, appeared a week or two since in the Bap-tist Examiner:Š The prohibition for one day in the week of all labor save works of necessity and mercy is on the one hand no infringement of any man's lTherty, nor on the other is it a recognition of the Church by the State. . . . Nor does the State under-take to say how the day of rest shall be spent. But what reason has. the Examiner for thinking, or rather for saying, that " the prohibition for one day of the week of all labor, save works of necessity and mercy, is on the one hand no infringement of any man's liberty " ? This city is. strongly Roman Catholic, and tens of thousands of people in it observe Saint Patrick's day by refraining from labor and business. Sup-pose the aldermen were to pass an ordi-nance requiring all to rest on Saint Pa-trick's day, except those who conscien-tiously and regularly celebrate the battle of the Boyne, what would the Examiner think ? and what would it say ? Would it not say that the liberty of every Prot- estant in the city was infringed by the ordinance ? It certainly would, and justly so too. But if the civil law may rightly require the observance of Sunday, why may it not do the same thing for other religious festivals ? For while the Ex-aminer denies that Sunday laws are a rec-ognition of the Church by the State, the fact remains that Sunday laws exist solely for the reason that Sunday is a religious institution. Were it not so there would be no such thing as a Sunday law. BUT the sophistry of the Examiner is more apparent when we place side by side two statements which appeared in the same article in its columns, but separated by several paragraphs:Š The State does not undertake to say how the day of rest shall be spent. When the Sunday holiday begins to nullify the Sunday rest day, the State should interfere. That is, the State does not pretend to say how the day shall be spent, but it does say that it shall be spent neither as a working day nor as a holiday. The State leaves every man perfectly free to do just as he pleases on Sunday, provided he neither works nor plays ! Wonderful freedom, which out of a possible three ex-cludes two and leave the subject " free " to " choose" the third But such is the freedom enjoyed under Sunday laws. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL, A.-WEEKLY PAPER Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, post-paid, $1.00. In clubs of less than 100 copies, per year, each, - - 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid. - 5a. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bowl street. New York City. 