164 AMERICAN SENTINEL. fought for the freedom and independence of the United States in every war in which this, their adopted country, was involved; andŠ "WHEREAs, a certain other creed desires to change the wording of the Constitution, in which all citizens should have their say, be itŠ "Resolved, That as Moses was the first lawmaker of mankind, as stated in ancient history, an official recog-nition of his supreme headship over all lawmakers should be shown in the instrument of civil compact in the United States of America. "Resolved, That the Hebrew citizens, while in a small minority, though of greater numbers than the National Reform Association, deeply deplore the omission of Moses' name from the Constitution of the United States, as his laws were used in framing the Constitution. "Resolved, That in our judgment as Hebrew citizens, Moses should be recognized for his gift to the world as the only supreme head and lawgiver of all nations of the globe. "Resolved, That by placing the name of Moses in the Constitution of the United States of America, that of no other Hebrew or descendant of Hebrews will find a place there, and a wrong done by the forefathers in framing the Constitution of the United States of America will be righted, and the proper respect shown the followers of the first law-writer known to the world; and thus remove all jealousy existing at the present time among other creeds, which.must acknowledge the receipt of their laws from that ancient people of which Moses was lawgiver and leader. "Resolved, That as many well-known lawgivers, who have served their individual states from time to time, have tried to pass bills through the legislature of their individual states asking for the adoption of some of the ten commandments, the laws given to the Hebrews by Moses, can be easily seen the power centered in these laws and the honor due the writer who presented to the world centuries ago these laws which have governed and will govern the world forever. "Resolved, Since the residue of power is vested in the people in this Republic, men to show their good citizen-ship are obligated patriotically, morally, and religiously, and therefore should employ all proper means to secure the insertion of the name of Moses in the Constitution of the United States of America and thus prove his author-ity as king and supreme lawgiver. "Resolved, That a mass meeting be called at an early date to further discuss this most important matter and arrange for its adoption by the Government at Wash-ington. "Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be sent to the National Reform Association, a body that has la-bored arduously to have a wrong righted, and that co-operation and assistance be asked to gain the proper recognition due the first lawgiver known to the wor'.d." Since, at "the National Reform Convention the at-tendance was small," while at the meeting of the Hebrew -citizens "a very large crowd was present;" and since the cause of the Hebrew citizens is equally just with that of the National Reformers, why should not the cause of the Hebrew citizens be espoused by the Government in the Constitution, equally with that of the National Reform- ers? Why? A. T. J. The Poor Man and "First-Class Religion." Tax New York Journal offers the following explana-tion of the fact that poor people are falling away from the church:Š "The clergy wonder once in awhile why it is that the poor and lowly stay away from church so much. "Quite sensibly the good preachers say: 'The poor man has nothing here below. We are prepared to give him everything in the future state and to _tell, him all about the camel and the needle's eye. Why does he not come to hear us? We have comfort for the most hard up. "We think perhaps the poor man notices that mod-ern churches are not fixed up on the 'needle's eye' plan. The richest man manages to pass through the door of the best pew, and in that best pew the poor man would be made to feel as thoroughly out of place as any camel that might happen to stray in.' As a remedy for the situation, the Journal says the poor people should be given "first-class religion"; thaŁt cognizance should be taken of the fact that the poor man "looks upon himself as the equal of his neighbor, and demands to have his soul saved in first class manner by first-class ability, if at all." This is true enough; and very fortunately for the poor man, soul salvation (unlike political or social sal-vation) is as accessible to the poor man as to any other..  "First-class religion" is as free for the poor man as for the rich, and the poor man's soul will be saved if at all, "in first class manner by first-class ability;" since God himself provides the means of salvation and Jesus Christ represents the very highest ability that could possibly be employed in the matter. "First-class ability," as recognized in this world, is very often associated with second-class religion, in which there is no salvation for-either poor or rich. First class religion is the old gospel of salvation through faith in Jesus Christ, and that gospel is "the power of God." Rom. 1:16. "First-class" religion and first class salvation can-not be shut away from the poor man by any power except that of his own unbelief. With these a pew in a "first-class" church where one can listen to sermons by "first-class talent" have no necessary connection what-ever. If religion could be controlled by a Trust it might soon be beyond the poor man's reach; but no Trust can control the Word and power of God. If the poor man feels that he is shut away from the church to-day, he need not and should not feel that he is shut away from the best religion and the highest salvation. WITHOUT the principle of government by the consent of the governed, the Declaration of Independence has no meaning; and without the Declaration of Independence, American government has no meaningŠsave that of despotism. 