754 AMERICAN SENTINEL. stones" in the days of the children of Israel. That was the law of GodŠthe ten commandments. In that law there is death, but no life, for the sin-ner; and this truth embraces every individual on the earth. Yet that law is an essential part of God's govern-ment. It is the standard of righteousness, and could not be altered, even to save the life of the Son of God. For it was the penalty of the violation -of that law which Ł the Son of God paid in man's behalf, upon the cross. The ten commandments are the letter of righteous-ness; but they only condemn the sinner to death. "It is the Spirit that quickeneth," or giveth life. Now it is proposed by a very large part of the reli-gious population of this country, to "put God into the Constitution," by inserting in that documentŠwhich is the fundamental law of the landŠa clause recognizing God as the ruler of the nations, and making his Word the basis of national and State legislation. This change in the basis of our government has been attempted several times already, and is about to be attempted again. This, then, if it succeeds, will be to put into the fun-damental law of the land the letter of righteousness. But inseparable from this will be the terribly significant fact, Š"the letter killeth." Let us see. The letter of righteousnessŠthe deca-logueŠdemands the death penalty for every violation of it. This is the penalty which God himself has fixed, and it can no more be separated from his law than God him-self can be. But this law, with its death penalty, all people, even the best, are prone to violate. Since this is so, therefore, how long will it be after the letter of righteousness has been put into the fundamental law of the land, before every man, woman, and child in the land will be under sentence of death? God's government provides a means, by which this death sentence is suspended, and an opportunity given the transgressor to escape it altogether; but human gov-ernments cannot proceed upon this basis. Their laws must be executed; and the only delay that can intervene is that necessary to establish the guilt of the violator. Everybody knows that this is the plan upon which all human governments are, and must be, conducted. What, then, do these religious people want by their scheme to "put God in the Constitution"? Do they want to kill off all the people of the country, themselves in-cluded? This is the only logical result which the success of their scheme could have. No; it cannot be that they want to put themselves under sentence of death; for no "reformer," even of the most fanatical sort, ever wanted to reform himself in this , way. It will be necessary to exempt themselves, and all who are willing to be reformed to their standard and scheme of righteousness. But they will have enough appreciation of the logic of the situation to bring the penalty upon such as stand out against it; and persecuŁ tion, imprisonment,Šyes, and even death, will assuredly  be the, lot of some. In this, the promoters of the like scheme have never failed in the past. Civil governments can appropriate the forms of right-eousness, and the forms only. And whenever this is done, it becomes literally and visibly true that "the letter kill-eth." But life, not death, is the object of government; and only the government of God can provide the Spirit which "is life, because of righteousness." The Sunday Law on Trial in Ohio. FOR the first time within recent years, if not in our-national history, a judge on the bench has declared that a Sunday law is unconstitutional on the ground that it is contrary to the principle of American government which demands the complete separation of church and . state. The case was that of a man who was a proprietor of a bowling alley in Columbus, 0., and had been arrested for having violated a city ordinance against giving pub-lic exhibitions on Sunday. This step was taken at the instance of the Sunday-law element in the city, who de-cided to make a test case for the purpose of establishing a precedent. The case was tried in the police court, the presiding judge being Samuel J. Swartz. The latter dis-missed the case on the ground of the unconstitutionality of the ordinance. The Cincinnati Enquirer, of November 28, from which these facts are gathered, says of Judge Swartz's ruling in this case:Š "He based his decision upon the sweeping ground that the measure was contrary to the constitutional principle of a complete severance of church and state, and reasoned that anything which is not a crime on a week day is not a crime on Sunday." Yes; this is "sweeping ground," for it logically sweeps every Sunday law in the land out of existence; but it is solid ground, for it is the ground of a broad constitu-tional principle of American government. It is the best ground, upon which any decision against Sunday legisla-tion can be based. The Enquirer adds that,Š "The decision really depends for a precedent upon the holding of Judge Ong, of the Cuyahoga courts, who re-cently took the ground in a prosecution against Sunday baseball that all laws prohibiting amusements of a moral character upon the first day of the week were unconstitu-tional. Judge Ong's decision has been taken to the Su-preme Court, where it is now pending. In the event of its being affirmed by the highest tribunal, it is difficult to see how the Sunday saloon laws, or almost any other Sun-day prohibitory measures, such as are now on the stat-utes of this State, can be longer effective." This decision certainly marks a most interesting and critical stage of the Sunday-law movement in Ohio. t •  Ł 4 4 THE time to strike for liberty, is now. 