346, AMIMEMECAN.-  vol.. 9, No. 44. ps. 115: 17. 5  Job 14: 21, 7  John 5:28, 29. Ps. 146: 3, 4. and "the dead know not anything." " Put not your trust in princes neither in the son of man in whom there is no help. His breath goeth forth, he returneth to his earth, in that very day his thoughts perish." How then do we account for the signs of power, the miraculous wonders wrought through the intercession of the saints ? We will not reply with the answer given by many that they are wholly the result of human trickery and priestly artifice. We will deal with them as supernatural, for if there are not some of these strange cures which are beyond the power of human science to fathom, then there soon will be those which are. With a view to discovering the power behind these vaunted miracles, we ask by what power or by what name are the miracles of the Christian religion wrought ? Peter said to the cripple at the beautiful gate of the temple, "In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk." And when the people who saw or heard of the mir-acle ran with wonder and amazement to the place where Peter stood, he said, "Ye men of Israel, why marvel ye at this ? or why look ye so earnestly on us, as though by our own power or holiness we had made this man to walk? The God of Abra-ham, and of Isaac, and of Jacob, the God of our fathers bath glorified his son Jesus whom ye delivered up, and denied in the presence of Pilate, when he was deter-mined to let him go. But ye denied the Holy One and the Just and desired a murderer to be granted unto you ; and killed the Prince of Life whom God- hath raised from the dead; whereof we are witnesses. And his name, through faith in his name, hath made this man strong, whom ye see and know: yea, the faith which is by him hath given him this per-fect soundness in the presence of you all." While Peter was thus addressing the people the captains of the temple and the Sadducees came upon him, being grieved that he taught the people, and preached through Christ the resurrection of the dead. When they had arrested the apos-tles and brought them before the council they asked them, "By what power, or by what name have ye done this,? Then Peter'  filled with the Holy Ghost, said unto them, Ye rulers of the people, and elders of Israel, if we this day be exam-ined of the good deed done to the impotent man, by what means he is made whole; be it known unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom ye crucified, whom God raised from the dead, even by him doth this man stand here before you whole. This is the stone which was set at naught of you builders, which is be-come the head of the corner. Neither is there salvation in any other; for there is none other name under heaven, given among men, whereby we must be saved." It is, therefore, by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, "through faith in his name" that men receive "perfect sound-ness." Yea, more, when the rulers de-manded of Peter, "by what name have ye done this," his answer was "by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth;" and then in order to shut out once and forever the mother of Jesus, and " St. Anne, the grandmother of Jesus," and all the rest of the untold thousands of dead saints from any part in the salvation of both physical and moral cripples, he adds, 8  Eccl. 9: 5, " Neither is there salvation in any other; for there is none other name under heaven, given among men, whereby we must be saved." Farther examination- of this subject must be postponed until next week. The Pennsylvania "Sabbath" Associa-tion Against Religious Liberty. LAST week, Williamsport, Pa., was the storm center of the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association. A few weeks previous to this time a law and order league was formed through the influence of the secre-tary of the Pennsylvania Sabbath Asso-ciation. As a result of the influence of this league the following ordinance was passed:Š SECTION 1. Be it ordained by the select and common councils of the city of Williamsport, That from and after the passage of this ordinance it shall not be law-ful for any person to expose for sale within the limits of said city any wares or merchandise on Sunday: nor shall any grocery, shop, store or other place of business be kept open on that day for the sale of any commodity whatever: nor shall any owner or occu-pant of such store, shop or other place of business permit persons to congregate therein, under a penalty of $10 for each offense, and for each of the foregoing offenses: Provided, That the provisions of this ordi-nance shall not apply to drug stores kept open for the sale of medicines only, nor shall it apply to the sale of bread or milk. This law, it will be noticed, is more severe both in prohibition and penalty than the Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794. This new law forbids the sale of all eatables except " bread or milk," while the law of 1794 declares that its provisions are not to be construed " to prohibit the delivery of milk or of the necessities of life, before nine of the clock in the fore-noon, nor after five of the clock in the afternoon of the same day." The Wil-liamsport ordinance also forbids shop-keepers to allow their friends to congre-gate in their places of business though nothing is sold. However, the people of Williamsport are permitted to congregate in the churches on Sunday and drop their coin into the collection-box for the pay-ment of the preacher. The penalty at-tached to the law of 1794 is' four dollars, while the penalty of the new Williamsport ordinance is ten 'dollars. Sunday and Monday evenings preceding the opening of- the convention of 'the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association, the writer delivered two addresses in the court house, to what the local papers termed " large " .and " good-sized " audiences. The subject of the first address was " The National Reform Association, the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, the Pennsylvania Sabbath Association and the Constitution of the United States." It was shown that the first attacks on the religious liberty provisions of .the Constitution of the United- States came from the "Synod of Pittsburg in Pennsylvania" as early as January 4, 1811, when the Presbyterian element of that section of the State peti-tioned Congress to prohibit the transporta-tion and distribution of mails on Sunday. The history of the movement to secure congressional recognition was traced from 1811 to the final victory in 1892. The subject of the second lecture was "Jesus of Nazareth and the Sabbath As-sociation of Jerusalem." It was shown that at the first advent of Jesus the Jews had lost sight of the true Sabbath and were attempting to save the " sanctity of their Sabbath and thereby preserve the 9  Acts 4:12. down into silence." "His sons come to honori  and he knoweth it not; and they are brought low, but he perceiveth it not of them." " Put not your trust in princes, not in the son of man, in whom there is no help. His breath goeth forth, he returneth to his earth; in that very day his thoughts perish." Therefore the painfully sad and awfully solemn truth is that two hundred millions of Roman Catholics are praying for tem-poral help and eternal salvation to myriads of dead men and dead women, who instead of being in heaven praising the Lord and interceding for sinners, are down in the silence of the grave; whose forms have moldered back to earth; whose thoughts have perished,Šwho are dead; and who will stay dead until that " coming " hour " in which all that are in their graves shall hear his voice, and shall come forth; they that have done good, unto the res-urrection of life; and they that have done evil unto the resurrection of damnation." I Though the question does not involve character, since all are dead, yet it is not unprofitable to digress for a moment and examine the character of a Roman Cath-olic " saint." Dominic, the, founder of the order of " Dominicans," is a prominent " saint " whose name appears in the. Ro-man breviary as one who overthrew heretics, and whose miracles " extended even to the raising of the dead." Now the plain truth is that this man was any-thing but a saint. According .to  Roman Catholic historians he was the inventor of that satanic engine of cruelty, the In- quisition. They also declare that he marched in front of the Roman Catholic army and encouraged the soldiers as they laid waste the beautiful Albigensian val-leys and tortured and massacred the inno-cent inhabitants. And when the captives were tried for heresy he sat as inquisitor-general and "by words and miracles," says the historian, " convicted a hundred and eight Albigenses, who were at one time committed to the flames." And this is the inhuman monster of cruelty whom we are asked to believe is now a saint in heaven associating with our Lord who said, "The Son of man came not to de-stroy men's lives, but to save them." And it is to this murderer of the saints of God that men pray for temporal and spiritual blessings! At this point the Roman Catholic arises and asks in anticipated triumph, How about the countless miracles, which have been, and are now, wrought by the saints in all lands ? He points to the pyramids on either side of the entrance to the church of St. Anne of Beaupr4, Canada, composed of crutches, canes, surgical appliances, and other arti-ficial supports; and to the grotto at Lourdes, France, thatched with similar evidences of the miraculous. He points to the army of pilgrims, six hundred thousand strong, which marches annually to these two shrines alone, and asks, Can this great army of people which is annu-ally increasing, be the victims of imagin-ation and priestcraft ? But, with this host of pilgrims in view, with churches and grottoes festooned, and thatched with crutches and canes before our eyes, we persistently reply, The " grandmother of Jesus " and Mary the blessed mother of our Lord, and all the other " saints " in the calendar are dead; 