66 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. worship and instruction from the schools gives color to the charge." Then the question was asked,Š "If we put the Protestant Bible in the schools where the Protestants are in the majority, how could we object to the Douay Version in schools where the Roman Catholics are in the majority ?" And the editor of the Statesman. said: " We would not object." Then again the record says:Š " Rev. Dr. Price, of TennesseeŠI wish to ask the secretary, Has any attempt ever been made by the National Reform Association to ascertian whether a consensus or agreement could be reached with our Roman Catholic fellow-citizens, whereby we may unite in support of the schools, as they do in Massachusetts ? " " The SecretaryŠ' regret to say there has not. . . . But I recognize it as a wise and duti-ful course on the part of all who are engaged in or who discuss the work of education, to make the effort to secure such an agreement.' "Dr. PriceŠ' I wish to move that the National Reform Association be requested by this Conference, to bring this matter to the attention of American educators and of Roman Catholic authorities, with a view to securing such a basis of agreement, if possible.' "The motion was seconded and adopted." There the editor of the Statesman argued in favor of securing the cooperation of the Catho-lic Church in forcing religious instruction into the public schools. He agreed that the Catholic Bible and Catholic instruction might be given in the public schools where the Catholics are in the majority. He, in behalf of the National Re-form Association, accepted a commission to bring this matter to the attention of Roman Catholic authorities with a view to securing such a basis of agreement, if possible. That was August 15 to 17, 1887. Within less than two months after that, a School Board in Pittsburg elected a Catholic priest principal of a public school in a ward in which the people were almost wholly Catholics. The editor of the Statesman in his issue of Octo-ber 20, 1887, said:Š " Of course the priest will now feel it his duty to introduce religion into the school; and the country will watch with interest to see what kind of re-ligion it will be." Well, what kind of religion could it be ex-pected to be, but the Catholic religion ? And this is precisely the thing that the editor of the Statesman accepted a commission to secure; this is the very thing to which he said he would not object. He agreed that where the Catholics were in the majority, the Catholic Bible should be used, and Catholic instruction should be given, in the public schools. The Catholics were in the overwhelming majority in that ward in Pittsburg. The priest was hired as principal of the school; and if he taught the Catholic religion, the editor of the Statesman said at Saratoga he would not object. And now, not two months afterward, what does he say ? In the same editoral, the very next paragraph, after mentioning the ap-pointment of the priest in Pittsburg as principal of the school, he says this: The writer of these lines has recently been in a New York town where one of the two public-. school buildings has been given over to the Roman Catholics, who furnish the teachers, and teach the doctrines and worship of their church, includ-ing prayers to the virgin and the supremacy of the Pope over all men and all government, the whole being supported out of the public funds. Could anything be imagined more unpatriotic or unrea-sonable ? " At Saratoga he said he would not object to the Catholic Bible being used and Catholic instruc- tion being given in the public schools where the Catholics were in the majority. He accepted a commission to secure the agreement of the Cath-olic Church upon that basis. But yet when, in Pittsburg and in New York, the very thing was done to which he said he would not object, and which he had accepted a commission to secure, he innocently inquires, " Could anything be im-agined more upatriotic or more unreasonable? " What has the Christian Statesman to say to these facts as recorded in its own editorial columns ? Upon the question of duplicity we leave it to the unbiased judgment of any intelligent person. If the editor of the Statesman shall still insist that that is not duplicity, we sincerely desire that he will print in his editorial column his opinion of what would constitute duplicity. Further: The Statesman says of the Saratoga proposition to secure the co-operation of the Roman Catholic Church in public schools:Š "We still maintain that such an effort might well be made, not that we have hope of conciliating the Roman Church to the American system of education, but because their refusal to confer, or their refusal to accept American ideas when fairly and kindly and accurately stated in such a con-ference, would put them still more clearly in the wrong before the American people." Remember that the Statesman is defending it-self against the charge of duplicity; and to escape that charge it says that the Saratoga proposition was made with the expectation that the Catholics would refuse it, and because such re-fusal would put them more clearly in the wrong. In other words, it defends itself against the charge of duplicity by virtually confessing that that Saratoga proposition was a piece of duplicity. We hope the Statesman will try again; and we sincerely wish it better success next time. A. T. J. The Blair Educational Amendment Bin. (Concluded.) 3. IT is utterly useless to talk about teabhing the principles of the Christian religion as one would teach the principles of arithmetic and geography. Such a thing cannot be. Those sciences are fixed. There is no chance for a difference of opinion in regard to them. They are the same in every nation and among all classes of religionists and men of no religion at all. An infidel could not possibly teach any different principles of arithmetic than a Christian would. But it is not so with religion. Even though it had been decided by vote of a council, what the principles of the Christian religion are, that, as already shown, would not change any-body's mind, and every teacher of the Bible would give his teaching the bias of his own con-ception of truth. It could not be otherwise. 4. To obviate this, it is evident that, the prin-ciples of the Christian religion having been set-tled by the council of the churches, the State would have to embody them in a text-book, which all would be required to use. Mr. Blair has already seen the necessity for this, and has planned for it, as appears from the following ex-tract from a letter which he wrote to the secre-tary of the National Reform Association:Š "I believe that a text-book of instruction in the principles of virtue, morality, and of the Chris-tian religion, can be prepared for use in the pub-lic schools by the joint effort of those who repre-sent every branch of the Christian church, both Protestant and Catholic." But what would this result in? Just this:  First, of giving the Catholic Church the controll-ing voice in determining what religious instruc-tion should be given in the public schools, so that very many, if not the majority, of the public schools would virtually be only Roman Catholic parochial schools. Second, it would necessarily result in withholding the Bible from the people. For even though the principles laid down in the text-books or catechisms were in harmony with the Bible, it would not do to let the teachers have free access to the Bible, or else they would be im-bibing doctrines that would be heretical, accord-ing to the religion of the State, and would be teaching them to the children. Within four hundred years men have been burned at the stake for doing just such things as that, and punishment of some kind would certainly follow in this coun-try. So we see that from whatever side we approach this amendment, it provides only for a union of Church and State, and that union on the Catholic model. We have not indulged in any fanciful speculation. History repeats itself, because human nature is ever the same. The causes which led to the prohibiting of the Bible in the Middle Ages, will do the same thing now. One other point in Senator Blair's remarks should be noticed. That is, that it is of the greatest importance that a child should possess a knowledge of the principles of the Christian religion, even if he does not apply those prin-ciples in his personal conduct. We most heartily dissent. We don't believe that the knowledge which Judas had of the principles of the Chris-tian religion, and he must have had an intimate knowledge of them, made his traitorous act one whit better. The principles of the Christian re-ligion are of no account whatever unless they are applied to the personal conduct. Indeed, they are worse than useless if not applied to the per-sonal conduct, since they make the individual satisfied with a mere form of religion. And so again we charge this amendment with providing for a State religion which will be utterly destitute of the power of vital godliness, and of planning the education of children in this form, so that they will become conceited formalists, sunk in carnal security. If anybody says that there is no danger that the amendment will ever be adopted, we warn him against indulging in any such delusion. The National Reform Association is to a man in favor of it. The Christian Statesman, of July 19, 1888, said "Senator Blair's proposed amendment furnishes an admirable opportunity for making the ideas of the National Reform Association familiar to the mind of the people." In the Christian Statesman of September 6, 1888, Mr. John Alexander, the father and first president of the National Reform Association, congratulated the association on the introduction of the Blair amendment, and said: "The National Reform Association ought to spare no pains and omit no effort which may promise to secure its adoption." And in the issue of December 27, 1888, the same paper spoke most enthusiastically of both of Mr. Blair's religious bills, and said: "Both of these measures involve the principle of National Christianity," thus showing that we are not taking a partisan view when we say that its adoption will make the union of Church and State. The National Woman's Christian Temperance Union, at its annual convention in New York in October, 1888, formally indorsed the Educational 