equal and Exact Justice to all !len, of Whatever state or 'Persuasion, leligious or 'Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY 9, 1893. NUMBER 6. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., IslEw YORE. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CwAILLVLITANmP.H.ROMLOLMKAZE: WHAT IS anarchy ? Who are anar-chists ? These are pertinent questions just now. They will soon be still more pertinent. Most particularly are they apt at this moment because the cry of " An-archy 1 Anarchy " has been raised in a congressional committee room. Shrewd and quick-witted men saw their oppor-tunity to manufacture a catchword, a campaign cry, a party shout, and they took it. They not only raised the shout there, but they have echoed and re-echoed it in the public press throughout the coun- try. Ł IN the last hearing upon the Sunday closing of the World's Fair, before the fii  House Committe - - ar-seeing woman, of clear intellect nprejudiced mind, read the Sunday-closing clergy a lesson which stung them to the quick. They have sought to retaliate by misrepresent-ing to congressmen and to the country at large, a striking sentence from her ad-dress, upon which they thought it pos-sible to fasten a misinterpretation. The very fact that so strenuous an effort has been made to give publicity to a false meaning, which they have read into this sentence, signifies much. It means that an unwelcome truth was touched, one which they must cover up at any cost, by every device. Ł SELECTED examples of the false light which they have thrown upon this sen-tence will clearly show their animus. In his report of the hearing in the Political Dissenter, Rev. H. H. George says :Š A lady from a social club of Chicago, said : " If the gates of the Exposition be closed on Sunday there may be justifiable cause for the planting of the red flag on the streets of Chicago." She was made to hear that she had uncovered the tiger; and whether by slip of the tongue, or designedly, she had voiced the real sentiment that lay behind the opposition, and that was anarchy; nothing more nor less than red-handed, murderous anarchy 1  Shall Christian America rule America ? or shall infidel foreignism and anarchistic socialism rule it ? Certainly ! little dreaming how furious a beast it concealed, she had drawn the lambskin from off the dragon. THE same incident is thus reported in the Christian at Work, by Jesse W. Brooks, Ph. D.:Š Among those who urged Sunday opening were Mrs. Washburne, Mrs. Remick, and Mrs. I K. Boyesen, representing the Woman's club of Chi-cago. The Ł people gathered in the committee room were startled as Mrs. Boyesen exclaimed, " Shut the gates of the World's Fair on Sunday, and you will give just cause for the red flag to flaunt itself in the streets of Chicago." This was punctuated with a loud "Hear, hear I " from Joseph Cook. On the plea of apologizing for this in-terruption Mr. Cook afterwards took a few moments time in. an attempt to fasten upon the speaker the stigma of anarchism. To this Mrs. Boyesen replied, giving ex-plicitly the true bearing of her remark. But as that is just what it is to their in-terest to conceal no mention is made of it. THE New York Independent, as wise and just as that is supposed to wish to be in all its utterances, said In the hearing on the Sunday-Closing Repeal bill at Washington, one of the women that spoke for Chicago and for Sunday opening declared that if the request in behalf of the workingmen were not granted, the red flag would again appear on the streets of Chicago. Some reporters say that she distinctly stated more than once that such a refusal on the part of Congress would be a just cause for the waving of the flag. However this may be, it was a very foolish remark, and must have strongly prejudiced the case of the advocates of Sunday opening. Certainly Congress can not afford to yield to any such threat. Was it a foolish remark ? Perhaps time will tell whether it was or not. Im-mediate events may prove that an almost startling prescience was shown in those words, and that it would be well indeed for legislators and people to heed their warning. THESE quotations are enough to show in what sense her opponents wish Mrs. Boyesen's words to be taken. She herself explained that she was a resident of Chi-cago, and had seen the red flag in its streets. She knew only too well its mean-ing. Her words were the very antithesis of an invitation to its flaunting, or a  threat that it would flaunt. They were a warning and an appeal against doing that which might cause dreaded anarchy to again run riot. Has the timeliness of this unwelcome and unheeded warning been fully shown by immediate events, or not ? Ask Dean Hart, of Denver. He will tell you whether or no the interfer-ence of the civil law in the Sunday occu-pations of the people has proved sufficient cause for violence or not. He will refer you to the thousands of excited and riot-ous theater-goers who, when excluded, at his instigation, from their accustomed Sunday night entertainments, surrounded his cottage, broke in his doors and win-dows, and drove him to a hasty mount and a fast horse to escape personal injury. He will say, Your question needs no re-ply; facts speak louder than words. He will have his opinion, whether he will tell it you or not, as to how "very foolish a remark " Mrs. Boyesen's warning was. IF Dean Hart's own testimony is not enough let the descriptive headlines of some of the newspapers speak in such words as these : " Fierce Sunday Riot." " Rev. Dean Hart, of Denver, Colorado, escapes from mob violence ;" "Does it mean the beginning of a desperate conflict ? " " Sunday riot in Denver; " " A mob sav-agely storms the residence of Dean Hart;" " Hart's house mobbed ; " " An angry crowd attacks the Dean's residence with sticks and stones ;" " Glass in the win-dows smashed; " " Violent outbreak caused by closing the Tabor and Wonder-land ;" " Rioters mad with resentment; " " The crusader against Sunday amuse-ments the victim of their ire." Is any better evidence needed of the timeliness of Mrs. Boyesen's well-meant warning ? What epithets are applicable to those who will so blindly or unkindly misconstrue such womanly words of wise and thought-ful and earnest counsel. Let this counsel be considered, and let it be asked whether it be "wise statesmanship" to give cause for such deeds as this, or whether it be not wiser statesmanship to escape the untoward result by avoiding the cause. ANARCHY is that condition of society in which there is no supreme power. Has there always been, heretofore, an author- 