ERICAN SENT1N "IF ANY MAN BEAR MY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT. I JUDGE SIM NOT."ŠJesus Christ. ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR NEW YORK, JULY 22, 1897. Vol.. 12, No. 29. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. .Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel heed have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. by not being put into use. "From him that bath not [or does not use what he has] shall be taken away even that which he bath." This is a law of nature. He who does not prize a thing sufficiently to use it for its intended purpose, does not deserve to have it.       (Entered at the New York Post-office.)    IN this day a person can believe almost anything ,ex- cept the Bible without being counted a heretic. ABOUT the gloomiest outlook in the world is that for the ushering in of the kingdom of Christ through the gateway of politics. A VERY poor way of making a man a good citizen is to teach him that he must educate his conscience by the laws of the State. J.- S. s 1 -4 TEE lowest conception of the character and dignity of the law of God. is that which teaches that its effect-iveness depends upon its being reinforced by State enact-ments. HE who insists that it is a Christian duty to vote, is not consistent if he fails to designate the party for which Christianity demands the vote should be cast. Is that party the Republican, or the Democratic party, or some other? THE Christian patriot must be he who loves the Christian's country. But that country is a heavenly country. Heb. 11:14-16. The individual who says "my country" of any land on this earth, either does not mean what he says, or proclaims that he is not a Christian at all. "TEE Lord is our Judge, the Lord is our Lawgiver; the Lord is our King; he will save us." Isa. 33:22. The Christian's life is ordered by laws which are righteous and eternal, and judgments which are infallible and irrevoca-ble. The government of heaven is as superior to the gov-ernments of earth as God is superior to man. What Only Can Be the End ? THE forces which worked in Greece and Rome wrought steadily and only to ruin as their end. Those same forces are steadily at work to-day ainong the nations, and to no other end than they wrought before. The forces that wrought in Greece ad Rome are the chief forces at work in the great nations to-day : they are deliberately chosen to be the chief and all-guiding forces for to-day. All through Europe, and all over the United States, to-day, the leading and all controlling forces in education are Greek and Roman. And by compulsory-education laws it is sought to oblige all to surrender to these forces. But, as originally these forces only ruined Greece and Rome, to compel people to surrender to these forces is only to compel them to the way of ruin. Nor is it only the State schools that are soled; but private, denominational, and independent schools, acad-emies, colleges, and universities, are all conducted after the same lead; so that Greek and Roman conceptions and ideals practically dominate the whole educational world of Europe and America to-day. Greek and Roman literature, ethics, philosophy, art, arid mythology, are the supreme models, they are indeed the goal of all intel- 1.•Ł LIBERTY, like every other valuable possession, is lost 