*7/ AMERICANŁ SENTINEL. 845 ment. Po4rerty and suffering have resulted. Now they will have work and bread. No matter though it be to make engines of war which shall pour from their fiery throats shot and shell into the breasts of their fellow-men. Now they can eat and drink. No matter though they do eat and drink the flesh and blood of their fellows, Šlet the bells of Bethlehem ring. These are the signs of the times. And with these awful facts staring us in the face, men will tell us that we are in the dawning of the millennium. That though the Prince of Peace has not yet ieturned, these are the days ,of peace. To those who are disposed to regard these things with complacency we recommend a careful reading of the  Son of man coming in a cloud with power and great glory." "But of the times and the seasons, brethren, ye have no need that I write unto yon. For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh as a thief in the night. For when they shall say, Peace and safety, then sudden destruction' cometh upon them, as travail upon a woman with child; and they shall not escape. But ye, brethren, are not in darkness, that that day should overtake you as a thief." Pessimist! some one will say. Yes, pessimist as re-gards the world in its mad rush for pleasure, pelf and power; but an optomist as regards God's power to ac complish his purposes concerning the world. It is his Bethlehem (Pa) Iron Works, Foraging Armor Plate for the Rnsaian Navy. From Scientific American, by permission. article on the next page from the pen.of Hon. Thomas F. Bayard, Ex-secretary of State, and late ambassador to England. "There is no thoughtful man," says Mr. Bay-ard, "who is not anxiously questioning in his heart, what does all this preparation portend." It is only the thoughtless man who is not stirred by these facts. It is only those who fail to discern the signs of the times who cry peace and safety at such a time as this. Reader, can ye not discern the signs of the times? These are not days of peace, but of plague and poverty and passion, of "distress of nations; men's hearts failing them for tear and for looking after those things that are coming upon the earth. . . . Then shall they see the  purpose to save such as seek salvation and submit to his will. He could not save more without destroying man's free will. "Whosoever will let him come." Those who have built their hopes on a millennium of peace and righteousness before the return of the Prince of Peace, have built upon the sand. God's Word fur-nishes no foundation for such a hope. "Denying ungodliness and worldly lust, we should live soberly, righteously, and godly, in this present world ; looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appear-ing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ." This is the Christian's hope. To this he looks for the end of strife and war. A. V. B. 