224 11-4.,N9rIN1011.,, VOL; 9, No. 28. NEW Yom, JULY 12, 1894. g2&" ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL -without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. JULY 4, California militia, called out to clear the depot at Sacramento of a mob of strikers, mutinied, and when the order to charge was given, the soldiers as one man, instead of obeying, removed the cartridges from their guns. They were wildly cheered by the mob. The incident is significant. PRESIDENT DEBS of the American Rail-way Union declared July 4: " The first shot fired by the regular soldiers at the mobs.here [Chicago] will be the signal for civil war." What will be the immediate outcome of this railroad boycott cannot be told at this writing (July 6), but bloodshed and destruction of property seem to be inevitable in the near future. WE print on another page a letter from Rome, to the Boston Pilot, which should afford food for reflection to those who think that we have nothing to fear from Romish aggressions. The scripture is be-ing fulfilled : " All that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb." The only security against Rom-ish domination is to be enrolled among the followers of Jesus Christ, and that not simply in a church book, but in the books of heaven. ONE of the most significant object les-sons of this very eventful year is the boy-cott and strike of the American Railway Union against the Pullman Company and the railroads handling the company's cars. The right of men to quit work whenever for any cause they see fit to do so cannot be denied without destroying liberty. But the right, of men to combine to paralyze the business of the country, as has been done in this boycott, cannot be admitted without inviting anarchy and ruin. To begin with, this boycott is utterly without justification. The Pullman Com-pany found that, owing to hard times, its business was not paying and so to avoid shutting down and throwing its thousands of employs out of work its managers proposed to continue at reduced wages. This proposition the men refused. The company very naturally closed its shops. The boycott was declared by the American Railway Union to compel the Pullman Company to resume the manufacture of cars for which there is practically no de-mand, and that at a rate of wages dictated by the employs of the company. To make this boycott effective the rail- roads must stop running Pullman cars; but this they refuse to do : hence the extensive strike of railway employ4s. As we said before, the employs have a right to quit work if they so desire, even for no better reason than because the Pullmans will not manufacture cars at a loss simply to keep a lot of men employed who are not willing to share the losses as well as the profits of the business in which they are employed. But the wickedness of it is in not only stopping work themselves but in insisting that others shall stop also and in inflicting every sort of hardship possi-ble on all who refuse to curse those whom they curse. IN this boycott thousands of dollars' worth of perishable freight, fruit, ice, etc., have been sidetracked, and left to go to ruin; cars of live stock have been side-tracked and the helpless beasts left to perish for want of water. And worse yet, whole car-loads of men, women, and chil-dren, some of them invalids, have by the strikers been denied a supply of water because they happened to be occupying Pullman cars. Such atrocities very prop-erly alienate from the strikers the sym-pathy that they otherwise might receive from those who recognize the fact that labor has grievances (though not in this case), and that capital is soulless, and gen-erally without sympathy and without remorse. THE present boycott justifies a remark made in these columns last week, namely, that " capital is not alone responsible for the ills of labor. Thrift and Waste, Economy and Extravagance, must not be left out of the calculation. Nor is the assumption warranted that men with money and men without money differ es-sentially in their nature. The inhuman-ity of capital to labor is not greater than is the inhumanity of labor toward labor. Trades-unionism is quite as intolerant as capital. The inevitable conclusion is that the evils complained of are due primarily, not to any social or economic system, but to fallen human natureŠwrong systems being themselves a result, rather than a cause." The truth of this has been amply demonstrated already in the great railroad boycott, and the end is not yet. BUT the suffering entailed upon thou-sands by this boycott is not the whole of the evil, nor is it the greatest evil con-nected with this boycott. Local authori-ties have found themselves powerless to cope with this conspiracy against life and property, and the strong arm of Federal power has been invoked. This, though in a sense justified by the circumstances, is an evil to be sincerely regretted by every lover of liberty. " The domain that government invades it dominates; the jurisdiction it takes it keeps." Too late, misguided workingmen may find that instead of meeting citizen soldiers taken  simply for the occasion from among the people, and so more or less in sympathy with labor, they will henceforth be called to look into the muzzles of guns in the hands of men whose trade is war, and who are so far removed from the people as to have practically no sympathy with them. But it only hastens that end of which what we see is the beginning. W. B. CAPPS, the Weakley County, Tennessee, Adventist, whose case was re-cently decided by the Supreme Court of that State, is now in jail, where he will have to remain, it is stated, eight months for the crime of doing ordinary farm laber on Sunday. A great many other people in Tennessee work on Sunday, railroads do business as usual, livery stables reap a harvest on that day, the judge who sen-tenced Mr. Capps and the , attorney who prosecuted him both travel by rail on Sunday when it suits their convenience so to do, thus becoming particeps criminus with the railroads in their violation of the law, but only the Adventists are really prosecuted, for the reason that while they are prosecuted ostensibly for Sunday work they are really persecuted for Sabbath-keeping; their real offense is not in work-ing on Sunday, but in resting on the Sab-bath. IN Butte, Mont., July 4, two saloon-keepers adorned their saloons with the letters, " A. P. A." formed with bunting. A mob attacked one of the buildings with the avowed purpose of tearing it down. Shooting resulted, in which one man was killed and two were wounded. The Uni-ted Press dispatch describes the trouble as " An A. P. A. Riot." Suppose it had been the other way about and members of the A. P. A. had been the aggressors, would it then have been a Roman Catholic riot ? THE Christian Statesman says that " the Presbyterian Presbytery of Washington City, at its late meeting unanimously adopted a resolution disapproving of any legislation by Congress having for its object the opening of public buildings on the Sabbath." " Dr. Byron Sunderland preached a powerful sermon against the,  bill on June 10," continues the Statesman,, and adds, " other pastors are ready to do so if there is any danger of the bill becoming a law." AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty- of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - 90c 25 to 99 " " " " " - - - 80c 100 to 249 " " " " - - 75c 41 250 to 499 " " " " " - - - 70c if 500 to 999 " " " - - 65c 1000 or more " " " " - - - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, - - 5 shillings. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 