Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political,ŠThomas .7efferson, VOLUME 4. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, AUGUST 21, 1889. NUMBER 30. Tir 4nriciear2 gel2tNel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK; 18 POST ST., SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.; 12TH & CASTRO STS., OAKLAND, CAL. EDITORS, E. J. WAGGONER, ALONZO T. JONES. Rights in Washington. THE following are the sections of the Bill of Rights of the new State of Washington, which have a bearing on religious liberty. The article is now under discussion in the Constitutional con-vention and we will note whatever changes there may be if any. PREAMBLE. We, the people of the State of Washington, to pre-serve our rights, do ordain this Constitution. ARTICLE 1. SEortox i.ŠAll political power abides with the peo-ple, and governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, and are established to protect and maintain individual rights. SEC. 2.ŠThe Constitution of the United States is the supreme law of the land. SEC. 3.ŠNo person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law. SEC. 5.ŠEvery person may freely speak, write, and publish on all subjects, being responsible for the abuse of that right. SEc. 6.ŠThe mode of administering an oath or affir-mation shall be such as may be most consistent with, and binding upon, the conscience of the person toŁ whom such oath or affirmation may be administered. SEC. 11.ŠAbsolute freedom of conscience ifI all mat-ters of religious sentiment, belief, and worship shall be guaranteed to every individual, and no one shall be molested or disturbed in person or property on ac-count of religion, but the liberty of conscience hereby secured shall not be so construed as to excuse acts of licentiousness or justify practices inconsistent with the peace and safety of the State. No public money or property shall be appropriated for or applied to any religious worship, exercise, or instruction, or the support of any religious establishment. No religious qualification shall be required for any public office or employment, nor shall any person be incompetent as a witness or juror, in consequence of his opinion on matters of religion, nor be questioned in any court of justice touching religious belief to affect the weight of testimony. SEC. 30.ŠThe provisions of this Constitution are mandatory, unless by express words they are declared to be otherwise. Upon the principle that the intention of the lawgiver is the law, we know that rights will be secure under this Constitution ; because we per- sonally know that every member of the commit-tee is indeed in favor of " absolute freedom of con- science in all matters of religious sentiment, be-lief, and worship." And if these sections shall be adopted as they are, and carried out in the spirit in which they are framed, the State of Washing-ton will be the best in the Union. Where does the Civil Sabbath Come In? IN the California Christian Advocate, July 31, 1889, is a long article by Rev. E. D. McCreary, Ph. D.ŠDoctor of PhilosovhyŠon " Observance of the Sabbath." It hasn't anything in it partic-ularly new, but now when there is such demand for the enforcement by law of a civil Sabbath, it is important to keep the run of the discussions upon the subject. The Doctor says:Š "The saloon is the worst enemy of the Sabbath, persistently in the face of all laws, human and di-vine, devoting the hours of that holy day to its ne-farious work, it reaps larger returns from its Sunday traffic than any other day in the week." Is it because the saloon is more open on that holy day than any other day of the week, that it reaps larger returns? How is this? Why is it that the saloons reap larger returns from Sunday traffic than upon any other day of the week, when the saloon is open every other day of the week as well as on Sunday? There is one reason, and only one, that ever can be offered in explanation of this fact. That reason is, that more people are idle that day than any otlpr day of the week. Other days of the week men are allowed to work, and while a man's time is occupied by work, and his mind is upon that, it is easy enough to keep sober and to keep away from the saloon. Al- low people to work on Sunday, as they have a right to do, and the returns from liquor traffic on Sunday will be no larger than on any other day. But instead of this, the preachers throughout the whole country demand laws both State and na-tional, to compel men everywhere to be idle on Sunday, and then they make' a national com-plaint that the saloons reap larger returns upon Sunday than any other day; when the reaping of these larger returns is because of the idleness into which the laws have forced the people, to satisfy the preachers. Again the Doctor says:Š "It is estimated that not less than two millions of workingmen in this country are engaged in Sunday work, . . . while millions more spend the day in frivolity and amusement, turning its holy hours into seasons of recreation and dissipation." Well, now, Doctor, are not those two millions who are engaged in their honest occupation on Sunday a good deal better off than those other millions who spend the day in frivolity and dissi-pation? And, indeed, are they not better off than the great mass of those who spend that day in amusements and recreation ? Because, you know that much of the amusement, and of the recreation, too, indulged in on that day, is not by any means as innocent, nor as harmless, either morally nor physically, as is the work in which the two millions are engaged on that day. Has it come to this that honest labor must be counted worse than frivolity or dissipation? worse than questionable recreation; axtcl more  than questionable amusement? Shall it be ad-mitted that the man who follows his honest occu-pation on Sunday as on other days, is more wicked than those who spend the day in amuse-ment and recreation? or that he is as bad as those who spend the day in frivolity and dissipa-tion? If these Sunday-law ministers have such a tender regard for the laboring man, and such high respect for the dignity of labor, as they pro-fess, they ought to have respect enough not to class honest occupations with frivolity and dissi-pation, nor to put the workingman on a level, with the frivolous and dissipated. As for us, we never will admit that the man who follows his honest occupation_on Sunday is as bad as those who spend that day in frivolity and dissipation. Nor will we ever admit that work is worse for men than are frivolity and dissipation. Again, says the Doctor :Š "California, of all the States in this great common-wealth, enjoys the unenviable reputation of having swept from its statute books every legal safeguard of the Sabbath, both as a civil and religious institution." But nobody but the Sunday-law workers have counted California's reputation in this as unenvia-ble. They are the only ones that are complain-ing of it. But, admitting that she has this "unen- viable reputation," it is only proper that she should enjoy it, because by the plain evidence of the field secretary of the American Sabbath Union, who is just now the chiefest Sunday-law worker of the Nation, it is shown that California has the enviable reputation of having " the best Sunday observance" and the "best attendance at church services" of any State in the Union. This being so, California has a right to enjoy this "unenvia-ble" reputation, because by it she enjoys the en-tirely enviable reputation of having the best Sun- day observance and best church attendance of any State in the Union. And if in sustaining this enviable reputation she is made subject to the unenviable reputation, it is proper that she should enjoy it, because it certainly is enjoyable. The Doctor quotes Blackstone to the effect that "a corruption of morals usually fbllows the profanation of the Sabbath," when the truth is that corruption of morals precedes the profana-tion of the Sabbath. Man's morals has got to be corrupt before he will profane the Sabbath. This statement of Blackstone's is of the same piece with all religious legislation and Church and State schemes. The whole thing is wrong end foremost, and it is only by that means their demand for legislation on the subject can ever be justified even in appearance. For instance, they start with Blackstone's statement that corrup-tion of morals usually follows the profanation of the Sabbath. Then they argue that that being so, if they can only get a law prohibiting under pains and, penalties the profanation of the Sab-bath, they can prevent corruption of morals and 