Equal and Exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever State or persuasion, leligious or political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, NOVEMBER 16, 1893. NUMBER 45. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW Yom. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - ALONZO T. JONES. CALVIN P. ISOLLMAN. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, WILLIAM H. MC KEE. WHO has sown dragon's teeth broadcast over the land that such a horde of sons of Belial, born to violence and slaughter, has sprung up ? Or, has the old myth another application in these last days, and does the voice of the dragon speak these, its creatures, into being ? Is it true that they who lead men cap-tive shall be themselves led into captivity ? And is it true that those who, take the sword shall perish by the same swift and merciless weapon ? If it be true, is this their Nemesis, which is now abroad, visit-ing merited vengeance for offenses that must be expiated ? IT is true that the little flock watching, waiting, listening for the voice of the Great Shepherd, is ready to follow when he speaks, and the wandering, at the sound of his word turn to him and are born again unto life. Is it just as true that they who follow him not, who do not listen for his voice, and who know it not even if spoken in their ears, that they hear the voice of the dragon when it speaks, and answering to its spirit go forth to do its will ? And thus by mutual slaughter cleanse the earth and fulfill the plan of Him who will do right by all ? SOME men have fattened upon the heart's blood of their fellows, and have ruled and feasted so long that they feel it to 'be their place by divine right to rule and feast. And if not by right divine at least by right of might which is sufficiently divine for them; like the haughty Englishman who boasted that every man of his blood had been a true exemplar of their family escutcheon, a mailed knight with armed heel full upon the throat of his fellows. What is the history of nations ? Blood-shed and battles ! What is the history of cities ? Misrule and robbery ! What is the history of man ? Sin ! Shall not ven- geance overtake them ? and from whence will it come ? To every tide there is a turning. Long success in accumulating capital at the ex-pense of the laboring classes results at last in strikes and bread riots. Years of the abuse of political privileges for selfish uses, and the conversion of public trusts to private benefit, destroy at last all politi-cal integrity, and make of the polls only places where reputation, place, and power are bought and sold; and of execu-tive chambers, and legislative halls, with all the retinue of offices and office-holders national, State and municipal, from the smallest to the greatest, an army of retain-ers, bound by mutual, selfish interest, but a vantage ground, and a fortress, and a personal following, from which, and by which, to defend and maintain the opportunities for individual profit and power which have been gained. Thus are the natural uses of government sub-verted. Nothing can there be predicted of governmental action except that it will not subserve the best interests of the greatest number, and that it will not pro-tect the weak or restrain the unjust en-croachments of the strong. Such a condi-tion as this is virtual anarchy, covered with the complicated forms of a highly developed governmentalism. GENERATIONS Of bondage, either in act-ual or relative slavery, result in the forma-tion of a caste hedged in, restricted, shut up to itself morally, mentally and phys: ically, denied progress except along the lines which its own untoward circumstances open. The development that follows is one of morbid growths, diseased mentali-ties, coarse, deformed, enfeebled bodies, vicious morals or utter lack of all moral sense, and the result is unexpected and abnormal forms of lawlessness, criminal-ity and vice. The finer feelings of moral-ity and humanity being calloused or de-stroyed, nothing remains but the brutal human animal,ranging up and down seek-ing food for its passions and satisfaction for its unnatural desires. These again reacting, rouse answering passions of vin-dictive revenge in the hearts of those who illegally assume, in impatience of law or distrust of its efficacy, to punish. So, political, legal, and social conditions  combine to increase and develop each the unfortunate conditions of the other and produce such disaster as are their inevit-able results. FINANCIAL combinations, such as the world never before saw, add their factor to the situation. Colossal fortunes in few hands, gigantic enterprises controlled by few minds; business corporations and trusts managed for the benefit of the few, which should conduce rather to the inter-est of society at large; even the legal ten-der currency of the country subject to fluctuations in value and quantity, gov-erned by speculation instead of by the call of the products of the earth, and the factory, and the furnace, and the business necessities of the people; the good faith of financial legislation doubtful and uncer-tain. The breadstuff markets of whole peoples liable to be cornered, and prices fixed, not in keeping with the cost of pro-duction or quantity in stock, but at the limit which it is possible to compel the consumer to pay; an insatiable greed for wealth, such as can only be accounted for on the supposition of the belief that the dollar really is almighty. How long will the social body politic endure these con-ditions unmoved ? THE Church, which should only be the conservator of public morals and civic order, by maintaining private morals, has forsaken its trust and instead of appealing to the individual is striving to control and govern men in the mass. There is an attempt to apply the same principles and methods to the management of the Church and the furtherance of religion which are used in the advancement of the business of great secular corporations or the con-trol of municipalities; indeed, there is an attempt to confound politics with religion and Church affairs. This amalgamation will not make fine gold of the base alloy but will debase the gold and produce a dangerous compound. It is needless to inquire what will be the result of such a course in Church and State. These com-binations are not new, they have been tried over and over again, and the results have always been similar. The question as regards this factor in the problem of the nineteenth century is only whether or no, being combined with other factors in 