THE AMERICAN 85 however, and many swallow it as eagerly as they would the apples of Sodom, but like the poor woman mentioned in Script-'are, under the doctor's care, they grow continually worse instead of better. In fact some who have tried it the longest and hardest and have most faith in it, for others, frequently become so weak that they wander away and buy a newspaper on the day of rest, greatly to the annoy-ance of their divine doctors. Why do not the physicians in charge of the case vary the treatment a little and ask for a law to enforce other Christian practices demanded, for the health of the people ? Paul tells Timothy to take a little wine for his stomach's sake and for his often infirmities; bread and wine are, used by :the,  doctors in Christian com-munion. Why not have a law to compel every person to accept bread and wine at regular intervals as a " civil communion," for his health. That wouldn't enforce re-ligion at all ! How easy it is to allay sus-picion by just calling a thing something else! And then, you know, they are so anxious for the poor workingmen, no one can doubt that they mean well; and, besides this, such a course would impress the foreign sons of toil who come to our shores, that this is a Christian Nation. Then, again, a weekly bath is considered conducive to health. Most of the doctors in the churches agree that :water is neces-sary to Christian baptism, and even im-mersion is given to chronic cases. Why not unite these results and have a "civil baptism " as a police regulation, for the health of the toiling masses, under the supervision of the churbhes and doctors of divinity? What .a grand healthy country this would be ! Civil Sabbath, civil com-munion, civil baptism, not as religious measures 'at all, but for the good of the public health. No wonder the D. D.'s are working for such a measure! Indeed, it seems the more that the subject is investi-gated the larger the field appears, and a few such innovations carefully made would open the way to an immense practice. Those who could not be cured by these methods could be sacrificed in the interests of advancing science. For the present all who wish to help secure, even half a loaf are asked to clamor for :the proposed civil Sabbath law to.pre-vent the desecration of the Lord's day; and especially must they denounce those who, pretend to see any attempt in this to unite Church and State or to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. Workingmen should be occasionally re-minded that it is for their interest to take the medidine promptly, for in some States where Such laws exist it has been found necessary to amputate men-from society and their families because they did not rest for their health on Sunday:.  This, we are assured, is not persecution for <religion nor a deprivation of just lib-erty; it is only enforcing the law ! H. E. ROEINSON. Some Conclusions Drawn from Sunday-. Law Arguments. regard to the American Sabbath Union's proposed Sunday law for Califor-nia, the Pacific Coast Secretary says : " It may operate with inconvenience to some, who contend that they must have the right to sell liquor, run theatres, and do all sorts of works of gain." Now, the Union and its supporters generally denounce these oc-cupations as desperately wicked. But the proposed Sunday law virtually says they are all right six days in the week, even in-cluding the day which the commandment says is the " Sabbath of the Lord." The Union makes the further plea that " the Legislature is bound to enact laws that shall conserve the good order, peace, welfare, and happiness of the people." Then we are left to infer that it will "con-serve the good order, peace, welfare, and the happiness of the people " to " sell liquor, run theatres, and do all sorts of works of gain " six days in the week, pro-vided they are prohibited on Sunday. And furthermore, it is proposed to allow that such occupations are all right even on Sun-day if the works be done privately, and the doers thereof will be "regularly" relig- . ions some other day in the week. Again, it is stated that the proposed law " is to prevent the physical and moral de-bility which springs from uninterrupted labor." Here, again, we are left to con-clude that it is not the nefarious liquor traffic, etc., that the Union is striking at; it is the moral debility of not taking suf-ficient rest, on the part of the poor fellows who are engaged in the wicked work. Says the Secretary : " Rest on one day in seven better enables men to acquire on the other six days of the week." Is it so very important that liquor dealers should in-crease their power of acquiring, that every-body must be obliged to observe Sunday as a holiday in order to accomplish that end ? It is not here designed to convey the idea that the Union really wishes to see the ac-quisition of the rumseller increased, or that they want to see him conduct his business even six days in the week; but such are some of the entanglements into which "civil Sunday-law" champions are continually running, in their efforts to evade the religious aspect of their cause. But their true colors will crop out occa-sionally, despite the effort to hide, them under a cover that is too short at both ends. This is well illustrated in the Union's monthly document for October, where is inserted approvingly, the following ex-pression of Rev. Josiah Strong : " A holi-day sabbath is destructive of popular mor-ality, because it is hostile to religion; which is the root of morals.",  Now the "holiday sabbath" is just what the Sabbath Union has been holding up for the admiration and delusion‚of the 'people of California, from its first advent in the State, beginning with Mr. Crafts's first visit. From first to last, the Union's rep- resentatives have cited all the legal holidays in the calendar as parallels' of their pro-posed Sunday-law. Yet there is nothing that they so much deprecate and denounce as the usual amusements indulged in by certain classes who voluntarily make a holiday of Sunday. All sorts of saints and sinners may eat, drink, and be merry to their heart's con-tent on the Thanksgiving holiday, and it all goes as exuberant thanksgiving; but if the same gushing outburst occur on Sun-day, it is terrible to contemplate. All police courts, on the morning after a gen-eral legal holiday, are wont to treat the "drunks" with unusual leniency, and let them off wit+ merely nominal sentences; and the publicŠsaints and sinners alike--smile approvingly upon such tender con-sideration. But the Sabbath Union's proposed law for a Sunday holiday contemplates no such considerate solicitude for the over-zealous observers of this particular holi-day occasion. Not only will the ordinary inebriate fail to receive the customary leniency incident to other holidays, but the industrious citizen who chooses to spend all or a part of the day in honest labor, must be given to understand that on.  this holiday such labor is a crime pun-ishable by fine and imprisonment. Where, then, is the parallel, so blandly paraded, between the proposed Sunday " civil holi-day" and those which have no uncivil phase in the back-ground. But, according to the Union's own ac-knowledgment, Sunday is already a holi-day in California, in the sense that these agitators would have us believe is their sole aim. Here is their acknowledgment, as set forth in the monthly document be- fore alluded to :Š The Legislature prohibits judicial and official busi-ness on Sunday. It likewise enacts concerning commercial business. For instance, notes, when the last day of grace falls on Sunday, must be pre-sented to the maker on Saturday in order to hold the indorser. The representatives of the Sabbath Un-ion have, over and over again, cited the Fourth of July, Admission - day, Thanks-giving, Christmas, New Year's day, and Washington's birth-day as illustrative of the Legislature's prerogative to enact a Sunday law. On the strength of these, this, people demand that Sunday be made a " civil holiday." The foregoing quotation is proof from their own words that if a civil holiday, such as those now in exist-ence, be all they want, they have it al-ready. The laws in regard to other legal holidays do not compel the' closing of places of business, or stop the 'running of railroad cars, or forbid the voluntary labor of any private citizen. There' is nothing estopped on any of those days that is not estopped on Sunday. Then, having already a legal or civil holiday as rigidly protected as any of those so persistently held up as examples, what must we conclude as to their real 