alitipettf110111111aiNim0 ,,‚,111011111%,,  111 (IN Ilp- ip Equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, religious or political.ŠThomas .7eferson. VOLUME 6. NEW YORK, JULY 23, 1891. NUMBER 29. The American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND ST., NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post Office as Second Class Matter. EDITOR, - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, C. P. BOLLMAN, W. H. MC IEEE. THE trouble with National Reform is not that the Bible is not the word of God, nor that the Christian religion is not true, nor that Christian morality is not superior to all other morality; but that the practi-cal application of the theory would destroy free moral agency, without which Chris-tianity would be utterly meaningless. THE Register-Gazette, of Rockford, Ill., publishes this news item:Š Four Sunday schools up to date have boycotted the, steamer Arrow on account of Sunday business, Court Street, First Congregational, First Presby-terian, and Westminster. Such a course as this is the legitimate result of the advice of Mr. Crafts and others to boycott the Columbian Exposi-tion if it opens its doors on Sunday. Sun-day laws are un-American, and it is but natural that the imported un-American " boycott " be used in their interest. "AFFAIRS have taken a curious turn at the Indian Office," says the Washington correspondent of the Baptist Examiner. " I told you some time since that about half a million dollars are annually paid out to Catholic contract schools through this bureau. There is a self-constituted organization in our city called the Bureau of Catholic Missions that has been making it pretty hot for Commissioner Morgan ever since he came into office. The result of this was a war between them and a loss of school money to the bureau. The Bu-reau of Missions through the Catholic press made much capital of this, but its  guns have been spiked by Commissioner Morgan's ignoring the Mission Bureau al-together, and paying the contract money all to the schools. Hitherto it has been understood that the bureau was kept up by commissions drawn from this school money. If that be so it will be hard for them in the future to pay off their clerks, as the contract schools pay out on sworn vouchers." "Sanitary" Benefits of Sunday Rest, and of Exemptions From it, QUESTION and answer number four, of that Woman's Christian Temperance Union Leaflet No. 31, which is considered by the Union of so much importance that even a funeral must be made the occasion for its distribution, are as follows :- 4. If one has conscientiously refrained from his work on Saturday, is it not oppressive to make him abstain also on Sunday ? Answer.ŠTo secure the greatest good to the greatest number is, or should be, the aim of law. If to secure this, requires a good building to be exploded to prevent the spread of fire, or compels a man to remove his slaughter house as a sanitary measure, we say it is not oppressive. If to secure a rest day for all, it were necessary to compel all to rest, it would not be oppression; but law is as lenient as possible, and the bill for the national Sunday rest law, following State laws, expressly exempts those who, having conscientiously ob-served another day, do not by their work disturb others on Sunday. The governmental principle announced in that first sentence is fully worthy of the cause in behalf, of which it is pro-pounded ; that is to say, it is utterly false, and the carrying out of it is only wicked-ness and oppression. It is the same prin-ciple that has characterized the oppressive governments of the past, and which was totally revolutionized when our fathers in their immortal Declaration announced to all the world that governments are insti-tuted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, and to secure the inalienable rights of the people who compose the government. The aim of law and government " is, or should be," ever to secure and maintain the in- alienable right of each individual to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. The theory of the greatest good to the greatest number is simply that by which a certain class who call themselves the " good " secure control of the govern-mental power, and compel everybody else to conform to what those persons say is good for them. It is simply the principle of class legislation, and in practice it never can be anything but oppression. The second sentence simply argues that honest occupations engaged in on Sunday are as dangerous as a raging fire, or as much of a nuisance as an ill-smelling slaughter house. When honest occupations are put in such a category as that, and are for-bidden in consequence, then what possible fruit ever could come from it other than confirmed criminality made universal by the law; yet such is the demand that is made in order that Sunday may have free course to run and be glorified. Any in-stitution that requires the employment of such arguments to justify it and such means to uphold it is unworthy of respect or consideration by any human beingŠand such is just the nature of Sunday from beginning to end. Mrs. Bateham says that " if to secure a rest day for all, it were necessary to com-pel all to rest, it would not be oppression." But that does not answer the question. The question is as to whether it is not oppression to compel a man to rest on Sun-day who has already rested on Saturday. The question is, When a man has rested, is it not oppression to compel him to rest over again ? When a man has rested to please himself and to please God, then is it not oppression to compel him to rest over again to please somebody else ? Upon what sanitary principle is it that the people who observe the seventh day as a day of rest must be compelled to take an additional day of rest ? while for those who do not observe the seventh day only one day of rest is sufficient for all sanitary purposes ? Are the sanitary benefits of rest on Sunday so transcendent that that single day of rest is not only equal to it- 