AMERICAN SENTINEL. 457 it too great. A union of unions is a necessity now, and probably will arrive before long. It will include all the workers of every class, and will soon settle the labor question. Nothing short of it can do so." Nov merely must there be a combination of men in a "union," but there must be a "union of unions," in order that the laboring man may get what is his due from his employer. But how much will an individual count for in a "union of unions"? Whatever the laborer can get from such a combine, cannot possibly be as valuable to him as are the independence and individuality it obliges him to give up. THE counsel of the Lord to the workingmen is not to trust in confederacies, but to sanctify Him in their hearts, and to let Him be their fear. The fear of the Lord casts out the fear of man; and in union with Him there is more strength than in any union of unions of men. THAT clear thinker and lover of American principles of government, Mr. Carl Schurz, in a speech made not very long ago against imperialism, said that so far as the advantage of an alliance with Great Britain was concerned, it would be found that America and England would be very likely to have a falling out when. they undertook to divide the spoils of the earth together. The truth of this statement is illustrated just now by friction that has arisen between the two nations regard-ing the possession of gold bearing territory in the North-west. The friction is termed by the press, the "Alaskan boundary dispute." It is claimed by the United States that Canada is demanding possession of a piece of ground to which the United States has clear title; that her course in the matter is unprecedented and her claim absurd. Negotiations for a settlement of the difficulty have been in progress for some time, but the situation has only become more and more serious, until both disputants are sending armed forces to the district to preserve order. "The State Department," it is stated, "is apprehensive of serious trouble between American and British miners and the Canadian police." Ł Ł Ł American journals, of course, insist that there shall be no surrender of United States territory to Canada and Great Britain, and this decision, it is said, has been reached by. the Administration at Washington. The Government has called a halt upon Canada and Great Britain, and waits for them to precipitate a conflict if they so desire. Ł Ł IT seems not to have occurred to the imperialists that the United States is not now in a position to make  the firm stand against Great Britain that it made under President Cleveland. The United States now has colo-nies, which are especially exposed to attack by a strong sea power. The Government has staked its sacred honor upon the acquisition of the far-distant Philippines. It has already expended upon them much blood and vast treasure. What could the Government do if in case of refusal to accede to her demands in the Alaskan bound-ary dispute, Great Britain should send a powerful fleet to the Philippines? What could the Government do against the sea power of Great Britain in that far-off quarter; or for that matter, against the fleet Great Britain could send to Porto Rico or Cuba? The United States is vastly more vulnerable now than it was before it acquired its colonies. A colonial power must needs have a strong navy; but in point of sea power the United States makes no comparison with Great Britain, and on the sea would be simply at the latter's mercy. Ł Is it at all strange then that Great Britain, knowing all this well, takes a firmer stand than was expected in the boundary line dispute, and seems ready to let this country choose peace or war on her terms? The fatuous policy of imperialism is even now ready to bear a harvest of bitter fruit for the American people. Sunday Closing in Various Places. [FROM the Union Signal we quote the following items of Sunday-closing news in several States.] Gloucester City, near Philadelphia, is strictly en-forcing the Sunday-closing law. The city marshal of Nashua, N. H., is making' a determined effort to close saloons on Sunday. He has had four saloon men arrested and fined $100 and $10 costs each. Sunday closing is being enforced at Spring Valley, Ill., by Mayor Baxter, whose election was antagonized by the united saloon interest. Director of Police Barrett, of Cleveland, Ohio, de-dares he is determined to close the saloons of that city Sundays and at midnight. He says if the present police-men fail to obey orders, he will get others that will. THE memorable dispute in the "Christian Church" of early times, over the orthodoxy of "homoousian" or "homoiousian." is recalled by reading the following press dispatch from the Russian capital, describing the cause of an alarming schism in the Russian State Church:Š "A religious sect known as the Raskolniks, which for years has been growing in various parts of Russia, is causing a great schism in the orthodox church, and has 