ME AMERICAN SENTINEL. 133 for filching these wages for drinks. Statistics show that on this day the sales of liquor, when unrestrained, are two and one-fifth times the average for other days, and the mischief done is greater in the same propor-tion." This shows that for the best interests of society no day at all would better be kept unless it be kept " holy." But no one but God and religion can supply these hallowed influences. And un-less the Government has a right to step in, in the place of God, and compel men to go to church and be religious, it has no right to compel them to rest on the day set apart for these purposes. That the most prosperous men in the world are the best men is hardly a Bible axiom, to say the least. Wealth is not held out in that as a special inducement to right action. In that we read, " Sell what thou hast," and of those who had " for-saken all;" David speaks of the "prosperity of the wicked," and James asks, " Hath not God chosen the poor of this world, rich in faith ?" The statement that God had never abrogated the Sunday law of the decalogue need not be questioned, as the decalogue never knew of such a law. "Chambers's Encyclopedia" states that the first Sunday law either human or divine the world ever saw was Constantine's Sunday edict, of A. D. 321. It is a false impression that religious assemblies are protected from disturbance by Sunday laws. These and deliberative assemblies are protected by peace regulations, which apply to meetings held on one day as much as another, 365 days in the year. The Blair Sunday-Rest bill is an infringement on both civil and religious rights. It.compels men to keep Sunday whether they believe in keeping it or not. This interferes with the individual right to use one's time as he sees fit, and is contrary to the principles of religious liberty and the right of choice. No man is compelled to work on Sunday, for every man chooses his vocation, and is at liberty to change it at any time. The Government has no right to enact compulsory laws for the ob-servance of any religious institutionŠthe Sabbath no more than the Lord's Supper, or baptism. Christians cannot be manufactured by political machinery. The Government should protect men in their religious worship, and that it already does. Therefore, with the Christian Leader, of February 5, we would say to all ministers on re-ligious matters, "Keep within your pulpits.."ŠTV 4. Op lcord. Religious Legislation,. ALMOST from the beginning of our country's career as an independent Government, efforts have been made by various individuals to bring into connection with its statutory laws divers re-ligious provisions. The latest and most thor-oughly organized effort in this direction, however, has been made by the so-called National Reform Association, which for several years past has been laboring with intense but misguided zeal to accomplish this result. As most of the readers of the AMERICAN SENTINEL are doubtless aware, this movement has received a fresh impetus by the introduction, during the last Congress, of two bills by Senator Blair, one providing for religious instruction in the public schools, the other being his well-known Sunday-Rest bill. That these bills were intended as religious measures no one can reasonably doubt, especially in view of the fact that they were introduced at the request or and clumapioued by, the National  Woman's Christian Temperance Union, which is confessedly a religious organization. Their pas-sage was also earnestly advocated by the National Reform Association, which stands committed on the same issue by virtue of its constitution, which states the grand object of the society to be the securing of "such an amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States as will declare the Nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ, and its accept- ance of the moral laws of the Christian religion." It also proposes to place the existing Christian usages and institutions of our country on an "un- deniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." With such an outspoken statement of principles as this, it would not be expected that the National Reformers would let slip such an excellent opportunity to show their sincerity as was offered by the bills in question. How these two bodies of would-be reformers can shut their eyes to the legitimate consequences of the success of such a movement as this is diffi-cult to understand. We can readily see how it is that many good people might be led to favor the legislation proposed, because, at first thought, its real nature might not be apparent. But that any loyal American citizen, after carefully reason-ing out the logical result of such work, could favor the intolerance necessarily connected with this, or any other such scheme of religious legis-lation, we do not believe. Legislation is right, and religion is right, and even religious legislation is right when it proceeds from proper authority, but that au-thority does not consist in the issuing of religious mandates by men, or even in God's commandments interpreted and enforced by human power. And whenever we see any class of men proclaiming their right to formulate civil laws to govern the religious belief of their fellow-men, we shall op-pose such intolerance with all our power, and enter a most vigorous protest. The word "legislation" comes from the Latin legis, or law, and is defined by Webster to be " the act of legislating or enacting laws." We believe in law, and hold, in common with all good citi-zens, that without law anarchy must supervene. In fact, law is the foundation of all government, and a Government without law is simply no Gov-ernment at all. But because it is right for men to be governed by law, it does not necessarily fol-low that that law must be religious in its charac-ter. Far from it. The laws which govern men in their relations to each other must be, in the very nature of the case, as different from the laws governing their relation to God as God is differ-ent from man. Religion has direct reference to God and his worship, and is worship, in fact, in one sense of the word ; and in all senses of the word is the recognition of some object of venera-tion or worship. We care not whether this ob-ject be animate or inanimate; whether it be sim-ply a principle, or Jehovah himself: The idea is the same. Religion is the recognition of the idea of deity, and religious legislation is simply the enactment of laws professedly emanating from a divine source, and relating to divine government. But as no power, save that of their own wills, can lead men to pay reverence and homage to a Supreme Being, it follows that all efforts in the direction of religious legislation must end in fail-ure, whenever such legislation is controlled and conducted by men. When will people learn that no human power whatever can control the individual consciences of the children of men? It would be well if National  Reformers, and others of their class, would learn what are the first principles of religion, and that enforced worship never did and never can con-stitute true and acceptable service to God. Per-haps if they understood this more perfectly, they would not desire to place themselves so conspic- uously in God's stead. J. W. SCOLES. The United States Constitution. THE third argument advanced by the advo-cates of constitutional amendment is that the omission of all direct recognition of God and Christianity gives a basis for the claim that this is not a Christian Nation, and that there is no warrant for the laws for the observance of the Sabbath, for religious teaching in the schools, etc. This argument reaches the real merits of the question, and it must in fairness be conceded that it is based upon truth. It is true that the omis-sion claimed does give a basis for the claim that this is not a Christian Nation, if we shall look no farther than the declarations of the Constitution for evidence of the fact. It is also true that such omission furnishes a basis for the claim that there is no warrant in our fundamental law for legislative enactment for the preservation of the Sabbath, for religious teach-ings in the schools, etc. It is not only fair that this much should be admitted, but it is also but fair that it should be admitted in broadest terms that it was intended that the Constitution should be construed just as the advocates of amendment now construe it in this regard; and that there should not be found in the instrument any war-rant for legislation to require any to observe the Sabbath as a religious duty, or to enforce any re-ligious observance. . . . The same constitutional principle would ap-ply to and render invalid any law requiring religious teaching in the public schools; or to any law which should have for its object the en-forcement of any act as a religious duty, or com-pulsory observance of any religious rite. Here I apprehend is where the real cause of discontent lies, and in this fact may be found the real cause for the agitation and demand for the amendment of the National Constitution. As evidence of this fact, let me again call attention to the concluding clause of the article of the constitution of the Na-tional Reform Association before quoted, which is in these words "And to secure such an amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States as will declare the Na-tion's allegiance to Jesus Christ, and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and so indi-cate that this is a Christian Nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." There has long been a demand for an advance in legislation upon questions relating to morality and religion, and it is found by the advocates of amendment, that the National Constitution marks a line of limitation as to such laws and prohibits them to the extent that they may not be enforced upon a religious basis ; and hence it is that an amendment is demanded which shall recognize the Christian religion as a part of the fundamental law, and this accomplished, all our laws affecting men's conduct may be made to conform to the moral laws of the Christian religion. The ques-tion in this view of it becomes a serious one. It is not only a demand for a declaration which shall express the religious sentiment of the people, but .it is a demand for such change in our fundamental 