20g A.MitRICAN VOL. 8, No. ti't pious, too. Christians are largely to blame for the Sunday opening effort. The Bulletin, is published at South Chi-cago, and evidently has had object lessons in the direction. Its pungent words are pertinent. They remind one of the wish expressed by a, writer in the Christian Statesman, that there might be a Sunday law strong enough to compel Presbyterians to keep the day as they ought. Piety and consistency are both desirable elements in " religious bodies " and camp-meeting associations.ŠEvangel and Sabbath Out-look. Chicago Correspondence. Opening Session of the Parliament of Re- ligions. THE first session of the World's Parlia-ment of Religions has been held. The Parliament is a most notable gathering,Šin all probability, in some senses, the most remarkable and momentous event of the century. Upon the platform, at the opening hour, were represented many dif-ferent religions, by men of widely varying racial characteristics. The scene was as novel and interesting as it was suggestive. In the centre, clad in robes of red, sat Cardinal Gibbons, of the Roman Catholic Church, in. a chair of iron, curiously and strangely wrought,Šabout him were gath-ered in their distinctive and picturesque costumes priests and patriarchs of the ancient religions of the eastern world ; wise men of India learned in the mystic lore of Buddha and Brahma,ŠParsee fire-worshipers and the followers of the maxims of Confucius, patriarchs of the Greek Church, and followers of the Roman Catholic faith, side by side with the numerous representatives of Protestant denominationalism. The crowded audi-ence stood while Cardinal Gibbons im-pressively recited the Lord's Prayer. Mr. Bonney then delivered the opening ad-dress; from this the importance of the event will justify copious extracts:Š WORSHIPERS OF GOD AND LOVERS OF MAN : Let us rejoice that we have lived to see this glorious day ; let us give thanks to the Eternal God, whose mercy endureth forever, that we are permitted to take part in the solemn and majestic event of a World's Congress of Religions. The importance of this event cannot be overestimated. Its influence on the future relations of the various races of men cannot be too highly esteemed. If this congress shall faithfully execute the du-ties with which it has been charged, it will become a joy of the whole earth, and stand in human his-tory like a new Mount Zion, crowned with glory and marking the actual beginning of a new epoch of brotherhood and peace. [Applause.] For when the religious faiths of the world recog-nize each other as brothers, children of one Father, whom all profess to love and serve, then, and not till then, will the nations of the earth yield to the spirit of concord and learn war no more. [Cheers.] It is inspiring to think that in every part of the world many of the worthiest of mankind, who would gladly join us here if that were in their power, this day lift their hearts to the Supreme Being in earnest prayer for the harmony and suc-cess of this congress. To them our own hearts speak in love and sympathy of this impressive and prophetic scene. . . . When, it pleased God to give me the idea of the World's Congress of 1893, there came with that idea a profound conviction that its crowning glory should be a fraternal conference of the world's religions. Accordingly, the original an-nouncement of the World's Congress scheme, which was sent by the Government of the United States to all other nations, contained among other great themes to be considered, " The grounds for fraternal union in the religions of different people." . . . To most of the departments of the World's Con-gress work a single week of the Exposition season was assigned. To a few of the most important a longer time, not exceeding two weeks, was given. In the beginning it was supposed that one or two weeks would, suffice for the dspartment of religion, but so great has been the interest, an i so many  have been the applications in this department, that the plans for it have repeatedly been re-arranged, and it now extends from Sept. 4 to Oct. 15, and several of the religious congresses have nevertheless found it necessary to meet outside of these limits. _ The programme for the religious congresses of 1893 constitutes what may -with perfect propriety be designated as one of the most remarkable publi-cations of the century. The programme of this general parliament of religions directly represents England, Scotland, Sweden, Switzerland, France, Germany, Russia, Turkey, Greece, Egypt, Syria, India, Japan, China, Ceylon, New Zealand, Brazil,. Canada and the American States, and indirectly includes many other countries. This remark-able programme presents, among other great themes to be considered in this congress, Theism, Judaism, Mohammedanism, Hinduism, Budhhism, Taoism, Confucianism, Shintoism, Zoroastrianism, Catholicism, the Greek Church, Protestantism in many forms, and also refers to the nature and in-fluence of other religious systems. The progamme also announces for presentation the great subjects of revelation, immortality, the incarnation of God, the universal elements in reli-gion, the ethical unity of different religious sys-tems, the relations of religion to morals, marriage, education, science, philosophy, evolution, music, labor, government, peace and war and many other themes of absorbing interest. The distinguished leaders of human progress by whom these great topics will be presented constitute an unparalleled galaxy of eminent names, but we may not pause to call the illustrious roll. For the execution of this part of the general pro-gramme seventeen days have been assigned. Dur- ing substantially the same period the Es cond part of the programme will be executed in the adjoining Hall of Washington. This will consist of what are termed presentation of their distinctive faith and achievements by the different churches. These presentations will be made to the world, as repre- sented in the world's religious congresses of 1893. All persons interested are cordially invited to attend. EACH FAITH TO SHOW ITSELF. The third part of the general programme for the congresses of this department consists of separate and independent congresses of the different reli-gious denominations for the purpose of more fully setting forth their doctrines and the service they have rendered to mankind These special congresses will be held, for the most part, in the smaller halls of this memorial building. A few of them have, for special reasons, already been held. It is the special object of these denominational congresses to afford opportunities for further information to all who may desire it. The leaders of these several churches most cordially desire the attendance of the representatives of other religions. The denom-inational congresses will each be held during the week in which the presentation of the denomination will occur. The fourth and final part of the programme of the department of religion will consist of con-gresses of various kindred organizations. These congresses will be held between the close of the parliament of religions and Oct. 15, and will include missions, eithics, Sunday rest, Evangelical Alli-ance and similar associations. . . . To this more than imperial feast, I bid you wel-come. We meet on the mountain height of absolute respect for the religious convictions of each other: and an earnest desire for a better knowledge of the consolations which other forms of faith than our own offer to their devotees. [Cheers.] The very basis of our convocation is the idea that the repre-tatives of each religion sincerely believe that it is the truest and the best of all; and that they will, therefore, hear with perfect candor and without fear the convictions of other sincere souls on the great questions of the immortal life. EACH SYSTEM STANDS BY ITSELF. Let one other point be clearly stated. While the members of this congress meet as men, on a com-mon ground of perfect equality, the ecclesiastical rank of each, in his own church, is at the same time gladly recognized and respected, as the just acknowledgement of his services and attainments. But no attempt is here made to treat all religions as of equal merit. Any such idea is expressly disclaimed. In this congress, each system of religion stands by it -elf in its own perfect integrity, uncompromised in any degree by its relation to any other. In the language of the preliminary publication in the de-partment of religion, we seek in this congress "to unite all religion against all irreligion; to make the Golden Rule the basis of this union; and to present to the world the substantial unity of many religions in the good deeds of the religious life." Without controversy, or any attempt to pronounce judg-ment upon any matter of faith or worship or reli-gious opinion we seek a better knowledge of the religious condition of all mankind, with an earnest  desire to be useful to each other and to all others who love truth and righteousness. This day the sun of a new era of religious peace and progress rises over the world, dispelling the dark clouds of sectarian strife. This day a new flower blooms in the gardens of religious thought, filling the air with its exquisite perfume. This day a new. fraternity is born into the world of human progress, to aid in the upbuilding of the kingdom of God in the hearts of men. Era and flower and fraternity bear one name. It is a name which will gladden the hearts of those who worship God and love man in every clime. Those who hear its music joyfully echo it back to sun and flower. It is the brotherhood of religions. In this name I welcome the first Parliament of the Religions of the World. It is quite possible that this -;._s the begin-ning of the last era in the world's history, in which a " brotherhood of religions " is to be established which will unite all those who profess it against all who do not pro-fess it, and thus inaugurate a brotherhood of religion in contradistinction to the brotherhood of mankind, or, in the words of the speaker, "unite all religion against all irreligion." W. H. M. Chicago, Sept. 12. Christianity and the Laboring Man. To show that true Christianity is always the friend of the laboring man, it is only necessary to allude to the fact that Jesus himself was " a carpenter, and the son of a carpenter." Coming from the highest heavens, he stooped to our lowest needs. Though he was King of kings and Lord of lords, yet no diadem was on his, brow, and no royal carriage conveyed him from place to place. His birthplace was the manger; during his early life, his hands were hard with labor; and during his ministry, foot-sore and weary, he went about doing good. " He came not to be ministered unto, but to minister." He was among us " as one that served." Not the wildest imagination of man could con-ceive how an infinite God could more grandly and eternally set the seal of no-bility to labor than he did in the life and death of his only begotten Son. Carlyle well says, " Sweat of the brow, and from that up to sweat of the brain, and sweat of the heart, which included all Newton meditations, all Keplar calcu-lations, all spoken epics, all acted hero-isms, up even to the agony of bloody sweat which all men have called divineŠall is sacred since He has labored." Other religions degrade the toiler to exalt the priest, but Christianity exalts every man to be both priest and king. While this is true of Christianity, it is not true of ecclesiasticism. Christianity would unite all men in one family, for-bidding them to call any man father upon earth, only to lift them all, the lowest with the highest, a little nearer the one Father in Heaven. Ecclesiasticism has divided men into the clergy and laity, thrusting down the latter that it might exalt the former above them. It has dis-regarded the rights of the laboring man, and thrust priest and bishop and arch-bishop and cardinal and Pope in between his soul and God, teaching him to call them all father, that each may have his degree of preeminence, and the Pope be father of all, while the fatherhood of God is forgotten. All this in the name of him who was not ashamed to call the lowest of us "brethren." The worst of all is that while promising them liberty, the Church has given them bondage. The Church has made even the free, slaves, while Christ came to proclaim liberty to the captive. In the name of Him who came 