346 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. principle of the total separation of reli-gion and the State; and in the mind of every true disciple, it was a divine com-mand, inseparable from the divine life, and supported by divine power. In the exercise of this right, the disciples went everywhere, preaching the word, and calling all people to the joy of the salvation of Christ, and to the freedom which that salvation gives. But it was contrary to the principles of Rome. It was actually forbidden by the laws. Laws, too, and principles, which were of estab-lished usage long before Christ came into the world. The law forbade the introduc-tion of any new religion, but the Chris-tians introduced the new religion. The law especially forbade the introduction of any new religion, the tendency of which was to disturb men's minds. Of all re-ligions, the Christian religion appeals most directly and most forcibly to the mind. In the very letter which the Apos-tle. Paul wrote to the Christians in Rome, he said to them : " Be not conformed to this world, but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind," and "with the mind I serve the law of God." The law commanded all to worship the gods accord-ing to the law. The Christians refused to worship any of the gods recognized by the law, or any other god but the God revealed in Jesus Christ. According to Roman principles, the Roman State was divine. Caesar was the embodiment of the Roman State, and was therefore divine. Divine honor was there-fore exacted toward the Emperor; and, as a matter of fact, the worship of the Em-peror was the most widespread of any single form of worship known to Rome. He was the chief Roman divinity; accord-ingly, under the Roman system, that which was due to God was due to Caesar. Consequently, when the Christians refused to render to Caesar the things that were God's, and render to him only that which was Cmsar's, it was a refusal to recognize in Caesar any attribute of divinity. But as Caesar was the embodiment of the State, to deny to him divinity was to deny like-wise divinity to the State. The preaching of the gospel of Christ, therefore, raised a positive and direct issue between Christianity and the Roman Empire. And this was an issue between two principlesŠthe principle of the free-dom of the individual conscience, and therefore the principle of the separation of religion and the State; as against the principle of the union of religion and the State, and therefore the principle of the absolute subjection and enslavement of the individual conscience. Rome refused to recognize the principle of Christianity, and Christianity would not yield the prin-ciple. The contest was carried on two hundred and fifty years through streams of blood and untold suffering of the inno-cent. Then Rome, by an imperial edict, recognized the justice of the Christian  principle, and the right of every man to worship whatever God he pleases, without any interference on the part of the State. The principle of Christianity had tri-umphed. Then paganized bishops, ambitious of absolute power, through a dark intrigue with the Emperor Constantine, succeeded in establishing a union of the Catholic religion with the Roman State, and thus perverted to the interests of the Papacy the victory which had been so nobly won, and again Christianity had to take up the contest in behalf of the rights of con-science, and of the separation of religion and the State. And again through tor-rents of blood, and untold suffering of the guiltless, for more than a thousand years, the Papacy made its way to the place of supreme authority in the world. Then came the Reformation, announcing anew to the world the Christian principle of the absolute separation of religion and the State, and the rights of the individual conscience; and by an unswerving exer-cise of the divine right of dissent, estab-lished Protestantism. But sad to say, even Protestantism was presently perverted, and the Christian principle was violated which gave it of right a name in the world. Then the contest had still to go on, as ever, through blood and suffering of the innocent, by the Christians' exer-cise of the divine right of dissent, of the freedom of conscience, and by a protest against a false Protestantism in Geneva, in Scotland, in England, in New England, in Virginia, and all the other American Colonies, except Rhode Island alone. Then arose the new Nation, declaring before all people that "all men are created equal, and are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; that to secure these rights gov-ernments are instituted among men, de-riving their just powers from the consent of the governed;" and, when the national Government was formed, recognizing and establishing, as an example to all the world, and as a principle of the Govern-ment itself, the Christian principle of the absolute separation of Church and State, and therefore the divine right of the free exercise of the individual conscience; re-quiring of men that they render to Casar only that which is Ceesar's, and leaving them absolutely free to render to God that which is God's, or not to render it at all, even as the individual might choose in the exercise of his own personal indi-vidual right of conscience. Thus, after ages of bloodshed and suffer-ing, through fearful persecution by Pagan-ism, Catholicism, and false Protestantism, the Christian principle of freedom of con-science and the separation of religion and the State was made triumphant before all the world. Much has been said (none too much, however) in praise of the wisdom of the  fathers of this Republic in establishing a Government of such magnificent prin-ciples, but it would be an impeachment of their common sense to think of them that they could have done any less, or any other, than that which they did. The history of those ages was before them. They saw the sufferings that had been endured in behalf of the rights of con-science, and which had been inflicted in every instance by religious bigots in con-trol of the civil power. Were they to shut their eyes upon all this, and go blindly blundering on in the same course of suffer-ing and of blood ? Both the history and the philosophy of the whole matter is expressed by Madison in that magnificent memorial and remon- strance which he wrote in behalf of the free exercise of religious belief in Virginia, the principles of which were likewise, by his influence, embodied in the national Constitution. He said :-- A just government, instituted to secure and per-petuate it [public liberty] . Ł . will be best sup-ported by protecting every citizen in the enjoy-ment of his religion with the same equality which protects his person and his property; by neither invading the equal rights of any sect, nor suffering any sect to invade those of another. . . . What a melancholy mark is the bill of sudden degeneracy. Instead of holding forth an asylum to the perse-cuted, it is itself a signal of persecution. It de-grades from the equal rank of citizens all those whose opinions in religion do not bend to those of the legislative authority. Distant as it may be, in its present form, from the Inquisition, it differs from it only in degree. The one is the first step, the other is the last, in the career of intolerance. . . . Torrents of blood have been spilt in the Old World in consequence of vain hopes of the secular arm to extinguish religious discord by proscribing all differences in religious opinion. Time has at length revealed the true remedy. Every relaxation of narrow and rigorous policy, wherever it has been tried, has been found to assuage the disease. The American theater has exhibited proofs that equal and complete liberty, if it does not wholly eradicate it, sufficiently destroys its malignant influence on the health and prosperity of the State. If with the salutary effects of this system under our own eyes, we begin to contract the bounds of religious freedom, we know no name which will too severely reproach our folly. The lessons of history were not lost upon the noble minds that formed the Government of the United States. The blood which had been shed, and the suffer-ings which had been endured, both in the Old World and in the New, bore their fruit in the right of the free exercise of religion guaranteed by the supreme law of the new NationŠthe right of every cit-izen to be protected in the enjoyment of religion with the same just and equal hand that protects his person and his property. This right, in the meaning and intent of those who declared and established it, is the right of " equal and complete liberty," of complete religious freedom, the bounds of which should never be contracted. This is the sense in which the doctrine of the free exercise of religious belief is declared and established by the Constitution of the United States, and by the Constitution of Tennessee, and the several States which 