ŁŁ IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT: FOR / CAME NOT TO JUDGE THE WORLD, BUT TO SAYE THE WORLD." Vol. 11, No. 2 NEW YORK, JUNE 18, 1896. Price, Three Cents.  American Sentinel, 1'1'ist.u4nx9 wmacts BY THE NICIFIC miss rUBLISHING cotirctry, 39 Bono &mum Isixtv YORK Cm FOR TRK International Religious Libertu fissociation, President, AunN MOON. 1/7ﬁ--President, A. T. JONES. Secretary, - - - A. I.'. BALLENGIIR. Enrron,    C. P. Sm.:Aux. L. A. SMITH.    ASST. IgIRTOR,     THE SCOTTISH COVENANTERS' CONTEST FOR THE RIGHTS OF CONSCIENCE.* THE long struggle between freedom and despotism which has centered around the rights of conscience, affords perhaps no pict-ure more pathetic and sublime than that pre-sented by the lowland Christians of Scotland, in their heroic maintenance of their faith Ł under bitter persecution, in the latter half of " the seventeenth century. It is at a critical epoch of the Reformation that the " Covenanters," as these Christians were called, came prominently upon the stage of action. " The Reformation was ebbing in Germany, in France, in Holland, in all the countries of Christendom ; everywhere a double-headed,tyranny was advancing on men, trampling down the liberties of nations and the rights of churches." But God had left not himself without witnesses, and in that as in every other crisis of his work he had chosen ones who would not bow the knee to Baal,Šmen and women who held not their lives dearer than their Master's cause, which was the cause of humanity, and whose zeal waned not either in the face of general spiritual de-clension, or of the dragon of prosecution. These held aloft the standard of liberty which elsewhere was trailing in the dust, and the value of their service to humanity cannot be measured. In the persons of these noblest of her representatives, Scotland "had so illus-trated the fundamental principles of the struggle and the momentous issues at stake, and she had so exalted the contest in the eyes of the world, investing it with a moral gran-deur that stimulated England, that she mainly contributed to the turning of the tide and Ł The quotations In this article are front Wylie's "History of Protestantism," Vol. III., chapters 28, 26, 27, 28. the triumph of the Protestant cause all over Christendom." determined that no authority other than his was ambitious, unscrupulous, despotic. Ho own should be acknowledged in his kingdom Theirs Was a Contest With the Government. in any matter, either civil or religious. Ac- The contest of the Covenanters was a con- cordingly, one of his first acts as king was the test with the government. Charles II. was then seated upon the throne of Great Britain. securing from the Scottish parliament of the Though professedly a Protestant, he was a "Act of Supremacy, which transferred the THE MAIDEN MARTYR. "Aged matrons and pious maidens were executed on the scaffold or tied to stakes within the sea-mark and drowned."* Romanist at heart, and a ready tool in the whole power of the Church to the king, by hands of the Jesuits. As a civil ruler he making him absolute judge in both civil and ecclesiastical matters." * (See also the poem on page 196.) "This act was immediately followed by an- 