32 AMERICAN SENTTNEL. NEW YORK, JANUARY II, 1900. SPECIAL efforts are to be made by Sunday advocates in Maine to secure legislation for a more rigid Sunday observance in that State, at the next session of the legislature. THE statistics of church growth in the United States for 1899, given in The Independent, show that the Christian Scientists are increasing more rapidly than any other religi-ous body of noticeable prominence. And "Christian Science" is only an-other name for Spiritualism. THE constitution which was pro-mulgated by the Filipino govern-ment that has been put down by the American forces in Luzon, contained this provision touching religious freedom: "The state recognizes the liberty and equality of all forms of worship, as well as the separation of church and state." Has as much been said under the authority of the United States? Jr is announced by the secretary of the "Philadelphia Sabbath Asso-ciation" that that organization, working in conjunction with several committees of citizens, after numer-ous conferences with the mayor and his subordinates, "have planned to make special efforts for the enforce-ment of the Sunday law," "on and after January 7, 1900." "THE law affords protection to all in remembering the Sabbath day in accordance with the original appoint-ment of our great Creator," says secretary Mitchler of the "Philadel-phia Sabbath Association," in speak-ing of the Pennsylvania Sundaylaw. Yet individuals who conscientiously remember and keep this "original appointment" of the Creator have been prosecuted under this very law. The practical tendency of man-made "Sabbath laws" is to turn men away from God's Sabbath law, and cause them to forget his"originai appoint-ment" altogether. SOME people seem to have the idea that the Sabbath law of God com-mands them to see that their neigh-bors keep the Sabbath, whether they themselves do so or not. They are willing to break the Sabbath them-selves, if need be, in order to make others keep it. And indeed, it is impossible to enforce a Sabbath law without breaking the Sabbath to do it. A RIGID Sunday law was enacted by the last legislature of New Bruns-wick, and the measure was —passed, we are informed, by a majority of only one vote. A little activity on the part of the friends of religious liberty, in presenting,this side of the Sunday question to the members of this legislative body, might easily have turned the majority vote the other way. But now the mischief is done, and a much harder effort will be required to undo it. tAt PRESIDENT SCHIIRMAN of the Phil-ippine Commission, in a recent speech before a religious assembly touched on the evils of sectarianism in .the foreign missionary field, and ex-pressed the wish that only mission-aries of one denomination be sent to the Philippine Islands. "I do hope," he said, "that when *e send the mis-sionaries we will decide beforehand on one form of Protestant Christian-ity. Send only one type of mission-aries. . . . I hope that before send-ing missionaries to the Philippines the different denominations will unite on some common platform." This leads The Independent to point out and deplore the evil of sectarianism in the foreign field, and to inquire, "What can be done to removb the scandal? " It fears that nothing can be done "until the de-nominations here are federated." But how will church federation rem-edy the situation unless the churches represented decide that only mis-sionaries of one church shall go to this foreign field, and unless this decision is enforced upon other churches? Are we to see, ere long, the authority of the United States exercised to carry out the dictates of what might well be termed a church trust, regarding missionary work in its foreign territory? We shall, if such suggestions can be put into effect. Ł 'At  WE print on another page an ex--tract from an interesting volume just issued by F. H. Revell Co., en-titled "The Peril of the Republic," by P. T. Magan, Dean of the Battle Creek College. The book is written to set forth the departure from the safe and right principles of govern-ment that is to be observed in events that are to-day making history for the United States. If this Republic is in peril, every citizen of the Repub-lic ought to know it; for the Repub-lic cannot be in peril and safety still remain for the citizen. The author of this work presents facts from cur-rent and past history, considered in their relation to American principles, to show that a real peril of great magnitude does threaten the Repub-lic to-day, and the reader cannot fail to derive valuable instruction, nor, we think, to be convinced of the truth of the author's conclusions. The book contains 196 pages; price, one dollar. For sale at this office. THE Sunday laws of the States containŠwith few exceptionsŠa "usual exemption" for observers of the seventh day,Ł' which is supposed to make such laws unobjectionable. But when analyzed, this "exemp-tion" is found to be really a con-demnation of the Sunday law on the ground of consistency. If the law is one that interferes with conscience, or with rights, it has no good reason to exist; and if it does not interfere in this way, why exempt any class from its penalties? But as we show elsewhere in this issue, this "usual exemption" clause is not to betaken at its 'face value." 