" ENFORCING THE LAW." RELIGIOUS intolerance is never slow to shield itself behind " the law." Masked under legal forms, it can do its work with certainty, and with the appearance and air of a conservator of the public welfare. If its work is spoken of as persecution, it can reply that its victims have merely been punished, for violating the law of the land. The papal church claims that she never persecuted, since the millions put to death for conscience' sake during the ages of her supremacy, suffered at the hands of the civil authority. " Heresy " was contrary to the " law " of the land; hence " heretics" were seize him and hurry him off to crucifixion with their own hands because they hated him; that would have been persecution. " We have a law," said they, " and by that law he ought to die." They were simply zealous for Ł " the law "! They could also invoke the Roman law, for'which, in this case, they were likewise zealous. So they brought Jesus be-fore the high priest and he was tried "accord-ing to law," and before Pontius Pilate as well, where also he was legally condemned. Surely this ought(?) to exonerate the Jews from the charge of being our Saviour's persecutors in the events which terminated with his 'cruci-fixion. But Peter, on the day of Pentecost, plainly justice can properly be affirmed by the deci-sions of courts, or enforced by those invested with civil authority. THEIR SENSE OF JUSTICE REVOLTED. IT is evident that the part which Justices Meredith, Rose, and Street felt themselves compelled to take in the persecution of the Adventist ministers, Burrill, Howe and Simp-son, was distasteful to these honorable judges. The decision of the lower court was sus-tained, but without costs, contrary to the usual practice. What does that mean? It means , 11,,Ai EL . . : u mm,,,,,,,,man ,.......  rs,,,,,,, AllYaikii,JI.Rdirdpiatktp'gjr,rallaaorauk " 1111111(1111 (11'171 11111_ Tifl I . ' , P.' ( I ' 111L. 113') HMI Ilifl t I lill 'III I 1.. III 1 f 111,1,1,?—1,,, - ir IA 4, 111 II i t amst-      1 r III! II I II II II II II II II (I ii u 1411 lid 11,1‚11 If 11, 1111111 IT ,7174 h 11111111111111111111111111111111LIER 11111IIIIIIIIIIIIIII1, II I I, '-'---- -.-4' JVIIIIII 114111111111 i'      ~dlD1llilq~~~'ul i9 111 APRIL 2, 1896. SIRUNT9DENT  11-1-11L, 107 The Dominion Parliament House, Ottowa. criminals, and were punished accordingly. The church points to the personality of civil government and exclaims, " I didn't do it; the did it." And on the same grounds a prom-inent Hebrew recently addressed Christendom asking them to do justice to the Jews and ex-onerate them from the guilt of murdering Jesus Christ, since the record shows that he was put to death by the Roman, Pontius Pilate! The Jews did not propose to put Christ to death because his teaching and example were contrary to their traditions,Šnot at all; but because he was making himself a king in the place of Cesar! This was the argument which prevailed with Pilate. They would not  told the Jews that they were Christ's betray-ers and murderers. The legal forms under which the Saviour was put to death did not in the least change the complexion of the part played in the drama by the Jews. It was persecution, and that alone. And no more did the sanction of the civil authority, given in accordance with the " law of the land," exculpate the papal persecutors of the Christians in the Dark Ages. "Laws" which sanction injustice and constitute ready weap-ons for the hands of religious bigots, ought to have no place upon human statute books. God is a God of justice. He " hath prepared his throne in the heavens, and his kingdom ruleth over all." Justice is law; and only  simply this,Šthat the court considered the case as one of petty persecution, and that if the prosecutors could get any satisfaction in carrying it on, they would be permitted to do it, for " the law allows it," and therefore " the court awards it," but it must be done at their own expense. Nor is this all. Chief-Justice Meredith said: " We think that there is evidence by which we might have come to another con-clusion had the case been before us at the first." But one other decision was possible, namely, to grant the request of the de-fendants to quash the conviction in the lower court. So that by this the prose- 