AMERICAN SENTINEL. 93 lusion that Christ was coming in the year 1000.. The dstorian says that it is not strange that the people ,hould have been frightened at the thought of the coming gain of the Christ, for there was then existing such a tate of frightful wickedness as had never been known on ,arch. The Catholic Church, which pretended- to teach nen good, set such an example of evil that instead of ight, she was a body of the grossest darkness. Of course :he Christ did not come, and thenŠ" "What did they do then?" asked Joe Palmeter, ex-Atedly. "Do?ŠThe brief morality which they had practiced from a sense of fear was succeeded by a relapse from vir-tue, though really they were less wicked for quite a time, and the religious leaders did become somewhat purer in life and practice." "Well, then, the excitement did do a little good," said Milly Brown. "Yes, but it was the beginning of a dreadful season of religious persecution, in which, I am sorry to say, King Robert joined. The miserable Jews were driven from place to place, tortured, and put to death most cruelly." "Did they do this out of a religious zeal?" queried Joe Palmeter. Joe could not reconcile the idea of loving God so well that people would be led to commit murder because of it, with his idea of right. "Yes," said the professor, sadly, "yes; they forgot that Christ said, 'If ye love me, keep my commandments,' and that the sixth forbids murder." "Well, mother says that the history of France will be repeated in our own country," said Charlie White, "but I hope that part of itŠthe religious persecution part of itŠwon't be." "But I tell you I am afraid it will," said Joe Palmeter. "There are already indicationsŠstrong onesŠthat Joseph is right," said Professor Carman, sadly. "But you are now dismissed until another week; and I hope you will try and remember what you have learned to-day, for there have been some things in this lesson of consid crab le importance." MRS. L. D. AVERY-STTJTTLE. Doubles the Pleasure of a Drive. A FINE carriage doubles the pleasure of driving. In-tending buyers of carriages can save dollars by sending for the large, free catalogue of the. Elkhart Carriage and Harness Mfg. Co., of Elkhart, Ind. A Card. To all interested in carrying the gospel of Jesus Christ to the inhabitants of other lands and who desire to assist in supporting missionaries already placed and. others who may engage in the work, the opportunity is given to make an offering to the Foreign Mission Board of the Seventh-day Adventist denomination. Such donations should be sent to W. H. Edwards, the Treasurer of the Board, 1730 North Fifteenth Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Vol. X. JANUARY, OW. E. JAYNE, L. T. NICOLA, Editor. Asoodate Editor. CONTENTS. The above is a facsimile of the upper half of the cover of the January number of the MIS-SIONARY MAGAZINE, the organ of the Seventh Day Adventist Foreign Mission Board, a journal alive with missionary information, especially with that which pertains to the work and move-ments of the missionaries of the Denomination. Published monthly at 25 cents per year, 5o cents to foreign countries. Send- in your subscriptions to your Tract Societies. Advertisements at usual rates solicited. Invaluable to Bible and History Students THE EffIliES OF THE BIBLE FROM THE TIME OF THE FLOOD TO THE BABYLONIAN CAPTIVITY. By ALONZO T. JONES. Recent research in Babylon and Egypt has brought to light many valu-able historical records that were inscribed in stone by the very men living in those ancient times. These records and the Bible history of the same time are woven together in one connected story. Another important feature of the book is the tracing in a series of twenty-one maps, the course of those empires. The design of the book is unique, and every student either of Bible or,  history will find it invaluable. 410 Pages. Cloth, Post-paid, $1.50. PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 8. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ArIERICAN SENTINEL, Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore' uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle. Published. Weekly by Paeifie Press Pablistung Co. Single Copy, Per Year, 66 Six months, 14 66 Three " ADDRESS, AMERICAN,  SENTINEL, , 39 Bond Street,' New York. , — T 1 MAGAZINE 