THE AlVIERICA_N 155 been adopted as a distinct feature of the. Government of the United States. We have stated, however, that there is involved in this matter, that which is of greater importance than simply its adop-tion by the Supreme Court. These very principles are being advocated by certain classes in this country. Some there are who demand that all the land shall be possessed, or rather held in trust, by the Government for the people and distributed for their good. Senator Stanford has already introduced a bill in Congress which proposes to oblige the Government after the manner of Augustus, to lend money-L--not exactly free of interest butŠat two per cent. for thirty years to all.  who can . give security to double the amount borrowed. In the same line with this the Farmers' Alliance demands that the Government shall build granaries throughout the land and advance money upon the farmers' crops as well as to loan money upon their land, and upon what-'ever other kind of security may be offered. . In these schemes there is involved the whole Roman system in Us practical work-ings. If these things were done the Gov-ernment would inevitably become possessed -of a vast amount of land and of grain ; and with the Government in possession of such commodities and having obtained posses-sion of it by such means, the next thing, and according to those principles reason-able enough too, would be a demand that the Government should supply grain at a favorable if not a nominal price, to the poorer citizens. But back of all these enterprises, in which it is proposed the Government shall embark, there lies the important question, Where shall the Gov-ernment obtain the money to lend to all who want to borrow, and to advance upon the Crops of those who want to sell ? This Government is not engaged in wars of conquest as Rome was, nor has it the op-, portunity to become so. It is proposed, indeed, by those who ad-vocate the scheme, that the Government shall issue treasury notes to supply all the demands. But the more of such notes that the Government issues, the less any of them will be worth. A promise of the Government to pay is worth no more than that of a private individual, if it has noth-.ing with -fvhich to make the promise good. The Government may print on a piece of .paper the promise to pay a dollar or even one thousand dollars; but the only thing that makes that piece of paper worth a dollar, or, whatever sum is promised, is the certainty that the Government has tha't _sum of real money with which to make the promise good. But if, without any such certainty, the Government issues a suffi-cient amount of such notes to supply the demands of all who want to borrow and to. all who want to sell, as they demand it, 'it would be but a little while till none of it was worth anything; and those who invented, the scheme would discover this  as soon as anybody else. Then they would be ready to demand real money and not mere promises to pay. But the Government would not have real money sufficient to supply the demand, and even the Government can not make gold and silver. What then ? Oh, the monopolists, the millionaires, the money-lenders, and the rich people generally, have vast sums of real money. The people need money, the Government is parens patrice, let this father of the people cause an equable division amongst the children. Will it be said that this would be confis-cation ? and that it can not be supposed that our Government would ever employ such means ? It is a sufficient answer to say that the Government has already done it. The Edmunds law, by the decision of the Supreme Court of Utah, did confiscate three millions of dollars' worth of property belonging to the Mormons. The Supreme Court of the United States sustained the decision and confirmed the judgment. And at the same time, the Court an-nounced the doctrine, that it is not neces-sary for a corporation to violate its char-ter to justify the Legislature in dissolving the corporation ; but that " Congress for good and sufficient reasons of its own in-dependent of that limitation and of any violation of it, has a full, a perfect right to repeal its charter and abrogate its corporate existence, which of course de-pends upon its charter." Let that doc-trine be adopted by the States as well as by the United Stakes and what corporation can ever count itself secure ? All that is necessary to its dissolution is that the Legislature may have good and sufficient reasons of its own, independent of limita-tions defined by law, to repeal any charter and abrogate the existence of any corpora-tion. And if it be a public corporation the money is at once confiscated. By the very fact of the dissolution the property is forfeited and escheated to the Govern-ment as parens patrice. And as this is accomplished by the application of the ancient instead of the modern doctrine, what is to hinder the adoption and the application likewise of the ancient doc-trine in the case of private corporations ? If it should be, then private property as well as public, would, upon the dissolution of the corporation, be confiscated to the Government as parens patrice. And, in-deed why should not the ancient doctrine be applied in these instances as well as in the other ? If Roman and English gov-ernmental principles shall be followed in one set of cases, why not in the other? Everybody knows that these demands from first to last are already being loudly made by different classes in this country. So. long as the American principles of government shall prevail all such wild schemes will amount to nothing; but let the European and the Roman principles of government supplant the American, then what is to hinder the carrying into  full effect every item of the different schemes proposed and advocated ? This is why we say that the Supreme Court decision, under consideration, means vastly more just at this time than the mere enun-ciation of the principle which it has adopted. It is strange enough, indeed, that there should be any class of men who are capable of thinking to any purpose at all who would be so scatter-brained as to make such propositions as those of Senator Stan-ford, the Farmers' Alliance and others to the same purpose. But the strangest of all things is that the Supreme Court of the United States, should by decision rendered, announce and establish a principle of this Government, the very principle upon which alone any and all of these schemes could be made effective. And that the Supreme Court should cite in its decision that very government by which these things were done in the practical applica-tion of the doctrine of parens patrice, which the decision makes a distinctive principle of this Government, is astonish- ing. A. T. J. Sunday and the Workingman. - Š THE Independent has the following, relative to the proposal to open the Met-ropolitan Museum of Art on Sunday :Š We learn that a petition is to be presented to the directors of the Metropolitan Museum, of this city, asking that the Museum be open Sunday afternoons. This petition, it appears, has been circulated by the efforts of a number of young people connected with one of our churches. It is most seriously to be hoped that the prayer of this petition will not be granted. If the question of opening art collections on Sunday afternoon stood by itself it might not be worth while seriously to oppose it; but it does not stand alone. If the Metropolitan Museum were opened at this demand there would be raised a clamor for the opening of theaters and concert halls, and all sorts of places of entertainment, without regard to their moral character or influence. These young people who are so zealous in behalf of the cause of the workingmen evidently do not under-stand the tendency of their efforts. We have, in all conscience, little enough of Sunday left; let us not fritter away what we have of it. The friends of the Sabbath must make a stand somewhere, and the best place to make that stand is against the opening of the Metropolitan Museum and all other institutions of like character. The very last wish that any friend of the workingman should have for him should be the introduction of the continental Sunday. That means not rest for him, but work. In this matter we are persuaded that a great deal is asked for in his name for which he is in no wise responsible, and which he does not and would not ask for himself. We do not know how thoroughly the mature Christian sentiment of the city will make itself heard when the petition we referred to comes before the directors of the Museum; but we are quite certain that the overwhelming Christian sentiment of this city is decidedly opposed to the opening of the Museum on Sunday. This is interesting, first, because it shows that even the members of Sunday-keeping churches are not a unit in favor of using the power of the State to force rigid Sun-day observance upon the public; and, second, because it reveals plainly the fact 