AMERICAN SENTINEL. 53 from the mouth of a king as an excuse for enslaving the people of his country, or from the mouth of men of ,one race as a reason for enslaving the men of another race, it is all the same old serpent; and I hold, if that course of argumentation that is made for the purpose of con-vincing the public mind that we should not care about this, should be granted, it does not stop with the negro. I should like to know if, taking this old Declaration of Independence, which declares that all men are equal upon principle, and making exceptions to it, where will it stop? If one man says it does not mean a negro, why not an-other say it does not mean some other man? If that declaration is not the truth, let us get the statute book, in which we find it, and tear it out! Who is so bold as to do it? If it is not true, let us tear it out! [Cries of 'No, no.] Let us stick to it, then; let us staudfirmly by it, then. "It may be argued that there are certain conditions that make necessities and impose them upon us; and to the extent that a necessity is imposed upon a man, he must submit to it. I think that was the condition in which we found ourselves when we established this Government. We bad slaves among us, we could not get our Consti-tution unless we permitted them to remain in slavery, we could not secure the good we did secure if we grasped for more; but having by necessity submitted to that much, it does not destroy the principle, that is, the charter of our liberties. Let that charter stand as our standard. "My friend has said to me that I am a poor hand to quote scripture. I will try it again, however. It is said in one of the admonitions of our Lord, 'As your Father in heaven is perfect, be ye also perfect.' The Saviour, I suppose, did not expect that any human creature could be perfect as the Father in heaven; but he said, 'As your Father in heaven is perfect, be ye also perfect.' He set that up as a standard; and he who did most toward reaching that standard, attained the highest degree of moral perfection. So I say in relation to the principle that all men are created equal, let it be as nearly reached as we can. If we cannot give freedom to every creature, let us do nothing that will impose slavery upon any other creature./ Let us then turn this Government back into the channel in which the framers of the Constitution originally placed it. "I adhere to the Declaration of Independence. If Judge Douglas and his friends are not willing to stand by it, let them come up and amend it. Let them make it read that all men are created equal except negroes. Let us have it decided whether the Declaration of Independ-ence, in this blessed year of 1858 [and 1899] shall be thus amended. "In his construction of the Declaration last year, he said it only meant that Americans in America were equal to Englishmen in England. Then, when I pointed out to him that by that rule he excludes the Germans, the Irish, the Portuguese, and all the other people who have come among us since the Revolution, he reconstructs his construction. In his last speech he tells it meant Eu-ropeans. I press him a little further, and ask him if it meant to include Russians in Asia; or does he mean to exclude that vast population from the principles of our Declaration of Independence? . . . Who shall say, I am the superior, and you are the inferior?" A. T. J. The Great Advocate of " Expansion." WHY is this Government in favorŠas it undoubt-edly isŠof "expansion"? What serious argument can be offered in its support? What argument is offered, beyond the "spread-eagle" one which boasts of the national prowess and asserts the "rights of conquest "? Every principle of justice and sound policy, on the other hand, is against it. It repudiate-s the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. Its most ardent friends admit this by putting forth in its defense the amazing assertion that the Declaration of Independence does not assert the right of government by the consent of the governed for all people, but only for a certain class of peopleŠthe class in power. As regards mere business policy, it is wholly uncalled for. There is no territory to be settled and added to the Union; the Philippines and Porto Rico are already set-tled, and the climate shuts out the white man from any permanent occupancy. Nor is there any advantage to be reaped in trade; the Philippines are thousands of miles nearer to British shores than they are to the United States. And if there were anything to be gained in trade, it could be gained as weld without military con-quest, as with it. Americans will bear all the expense of maintaining the government, and other countries will get all the trade. A large army of men from American homes will need to be stationed in the Philippines to preserve order and hold the islands against other powersŠand to sicken and die under the unhealthy climate; and a large navy will also be required for their defense; besides which, an im-mense sum will need to be expended in the erection of fortifications. And the money to meet the expense of all this must come out of American pockets. How then can it be, in the face of all this, that this-Government can for a moment seriously think of taking and holding the Philippines? Let us seek for light on the point by asking who they are that favor the annexation policy. Are they those who have the interests of republican government at heart? Aside from the class whose judgment is dazzled by the new vision of world-wide empire, there are some who-favor the policy as a means of associating America with Great Britain in military enterprise in eastern Asia. This, as Lord Salisbury remarked, would conduce ma-terially to the advantage of Great Britain, but not to the maintenance of peace. The alliance would be one of great cost for America, to the profit of England. But there is another power in this country in favor of American expansion, and which is working for that policy most diligentlyŠRome! First, last, and always since the Philippines, Cuba,. 