296 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. VoL. 6, No. 37. NEw YORK, SEPTEMBER 17, 1891. Nom.ŠAny one receiving the AMERICAN Sntrrtxm without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend, unless plainly marked "Sample copy." It is our invari-able rule to send out no papers without pay in advance, except by special arrangement, therefore, those who have not ordered the Surrrinst, need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it simply because they take it from the post-office. ON the 7th inst. the Board of Lady Managers of the World's Fair voted fifty-six to thirty-six in favor of closing the Fair on Sunday. THE idea that men and women would better be cooped up all day in their miser-able tenement quarters than " desecrating Sunday in the parks," is entirely worthy of the Sunday-law cause. It would not have been unworthy of the Spanish priests in the days of the Inquisition. A SAN FRANCISCO paper tells of a cap-tain in the British navy who, not long since, found two tribes on the Polynesian Islands carrying on a fierce war ; one tribe, having become converted to Christianity, was trying to force the other to contribute to the purchase of an organ for public wor-ship. The whole tribe must be National Reformers. MISS FRANCES WILLARD iS credited Ł with the assertion that the corset has filled more graves than whisky. Here, then, is a grand opportunity for those philanthrop-ists (?) who are so profoundly concerned for the physical good of their fellow hu-man beings that they demand laws re-quiring everybody to rest, for their health. It will hardly be denied even by the civil Sunday-law advocates that intemperance is a greater civil evil than disregard of Sunday; and we have Miss Willard's word for it that wearing corsets is a greater evil still. Should they not then assail the greatest evil of the three rather than the smallest one ? If it is proper for the State to legislate upon the subject of rest, requiring men to abstain from labor one day in seven, for their physical good, why would it not be equally proper to require everybody to dress healthfully ? Nor can it be truthfully urged that the evil effects of Sunday-breaking , are any greater in the community than are the ill consequences of corset wearing. The home and the family are the hope of our civilization. Corset wearing tends to de-stroy both. What is home with a peevish, sickly wife, and weak, rickety children ? Nothing but a perpetual incentive to fre-quent the gin-mill and the gambling den. Then why should we not have a purely  civil law regulating dress, and especially forbidding corsets as the very sum of all offending in the matter of attire, the arch-enemy of the home, the ally of the saloon and of the undertaker. In view of these facts, should not Mr. Crafts instead of traveling and lecturing in behalf of Sunday rest from a " civil " standpoint, in the interest of lengthened life and increased happiness for mankind, devote himself to a crusade against cor-sets ? THE Catholic Review notes a report "that the Pope is preparing an encyclical on the different forms of government, with the intention of showing how much the nations are indebted to the Church for conciliatory settlement of differences aris-ing from the change of government form ; " and then adds: " If this be true he has a noble subject." Just so; but a subject that would require less manipulating and falsifying of history would be: "What the Pope has learned from republican America, and what the Pope and all his imitators, from Mr. Crafts to the National Reform Association, have still to learn of natural, God-given human rights. IT is stated that a Sunday-closing de-cree has been promulgated recently at Panama, " the once gay and godless Bab-ylon of the Isthmus.'! The new law pro-vides that all places of business, with a few exceptions, shall be closed on Sun-days. The exceptions are the railroad and steamship offices, for urgent business only; hotels, drug stores, restaurants, cook shops, bakeries, and the ice houses. But the exempted places that sell spiritA are required to post a big placard notify-ing that no drinks will be sold before 4 P. M., when the prohibition ceases. The market, grocery stores, and barber shops may be open until 11 A. M. " The news-papers," remarks the Sun, " continue to announce the winning numbers in the Sunday drawings of the Panama Lottery, so presumably the lottery is exempted as a necessary business." REV. J. P. MILLS, District Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, is credited with the following statement concerning the National Religious Liberty Associa-tion, and THE SENTINEL :Š This Association publishes a paper called THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. They started it in California, but soon wanted to take it to New York. They found it would cost $30,000 to move it, and made a call for that sum, and the money just came rolling in ; and now it is right in the heart of New York City. It started with only a few thousand sub-scribers, but soon bounded up to half a million, then to a million, two million, and now it has two and a half million subscribers. We are sorry to say that the statement is somewhat exaggerated in regard both to the cost of removing THE SENTINEL to this city, and to the circulation of the paper. We will say frankly that our  subscription list falls considerably below the figure given by Mr. Mills. We would not, however, impeach his veracity in the least. His estimate was doubtless based upon the influence of THE SENTINEL. IT is stated that Dr. Brockman, who has been compiling statistics in Germany relative to mine accidents, has brought to light the fact that of the eight hundred and eighty fire-damp explosions which have occurred during twenty years in the Dartmund district, more than twice as many occurred on Monday as on any other day. If the advocates of a " civil " Sun-day for the benefit of the "poor working-man" are sincere, they ought certainly now to demand a law requiring all mines to be worked continuously seven days in the week, as it is manifest that fire-damp gathers more rapidly when the mine is not worked for a day. A FEW days ago an Ohio woman testi-fied in suit for divorce that her husband had once knocked her down for playing croquet on Sunday, although he himself frequently indulged in old sledge, euchre, and poker on that day. At first thought this man's actions seem a little inconsist-ent, but they are no more so than are Sun-day regulations generally. The line must be drawn somewhere; and this man drew it at croquet. The authorities at some of the resorts near this city, and on some of the excursion steamers, draw it at danc-ing. There is just as good reason Mr the one as for the other. Nor is the analogy any less striking when we come to con-sider the right of the man to inflict sum-mary punishment on his wife for the for-bidden amusement; he had the right of physical power to enforce his arbitrary rule; the State has ,the same power, but no more. There is no more moral right in the one case than in the other. THE principle of persecution, to the extent of burning heretics, is inseparable from the union of Church and State, which makes a crime against the Church, also a crime against the State, to be pun-ished according to human law. If Amer-icans hate anything it is the principle and practice of religious persecution, and if they love anything it is civil and religious liberty.ŠPhilip Schaff. THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DIVOT= TO The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the mainte- nance of human rights, both civil and religious. IT will ever be uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact Single Copy, Per Year, post-paid, $1 00 In clubs of 2 to 100 copies, per year, each, 90c. In clubs of 100 or more copies, per year, each, - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address AMERICAN SENTINEL, 48 Bond Street, New York. 