ANIMIL:tit CAN SINININIR-1.4. VOL. 9. No. V. such churches as Episcopalians, Presbyte-rians and Baptists will join in a discussion with the Catholic Church for Christian "unity," and look to it in order that they may "know the true way" to obtain it ? Are we not near the time when " all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foun-dation of the world " ? And are you worshiping the God that made the heaven, and earth, and sea, and the fountains of waters ?" If not, make haste and leave Babylon, for the Lord says, " Come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues." Rev. 18 : 4. H. J. FARMAN. Some Kansas Items. TOPEKA, Kansas, is agitated over the matter of Sunday closing. A recent dis-patch from that city says:Š The City Council has passed a very strict Sunday-closing ordinance, which is agitating the populace and the police. It provides for a fine and imprisonment for any person " who shall expose to sale any goods, wares or merchandise, or who shall sell any goods, wares or merchandise," in Topeka, The mayor has the ordinance under advisement, and while it is known that he personally favors the provisions of it, he says that he will try to discover whether the people want the ordinance or not. The chief of police said that if the mayor signed the ordinance and it was published, it would be imme-diately and forcibly put into effect, and that he would guarantee that the smokers, the readers of daily papers and those who enjoy a pleasure drive on Sun-day in a livery rig, would very quickly discover that the law was not a dead letter. "But," said the chief, "I wish that the City Council had made pro-vision in that ordinance for the building of a wall around the city and painting that wall white, and placing a sign over the gate, reading: ' The City of the Truly Good.' " Another fact that is agitating the Kansas mind is that the Law and Order League of Sedgwick County, that State, has been placed in the hands of a re-ceiver. The petition for the receiver states that the Rev. J. W. Woods is president of the league, N. B. Hagen, secretary and treasurer, and 0. H. Bent-ley and Rudolph Hartfield its attorneys : that the league is wholly insolvent and that its assets are in danger of being squandered and appropriated to the indi-vidual use of certain members; that it has received in subscriptions $7,000 and has now in its treasury only thirteen cents, and that it owes Thomas Jackson $352 for work in obtaining evidence against the " joints," and other debts. The McNamara Trial. A CORRESPONDENT in Kansas City sends us the following concerning the trial of Ex-Priest James V. McNamara :Š McNamara, lectured on Sunday night, January 14, and advertised then to speak again on Tuesday night to men only. The Catholics were stirred up over his first lecture, and according to the information which the attorneys claim to have, this mob was gotten up on Tuesday before he lectured in the evening, to mob him; and it is probable that not one of the mob heard him lecture. At least, the majority did not hear him, for they collected outside while the lecture was going on. Policemen were in the hall, and had he violated any law, they should have arrested him then and there, but they did nothing of the kind, and he was not arrested until two days later, In his Tuesday night lecture, he proposed to show what is the Catholic theology in regard to "Auricular Confession." He read largely from Catholic books, showing what their teachings are on this subject. Reading that the priests were allowed to confess one to another such sins as sodomy, murder, lying, etc., and that the priests had the power to absolve the one so confessing, McNamara said that Father Dalton, l'atlitr Lillis, and others of the Catholie priests in  Kansas City knew that this was so. And on the basis of this statement, that they knew these things were true, he was arrested for slander, and tried under sec-tion 3,868 of the Revised Statutes of Missouri, 1889. The trial was by jury before the justice of the peace at Independence (McNamara having secured a change of venue). He was found guilty of slander as charged, and the jury made his fine $500 and twelve months imprisonment. This, on the second trial, the jury having disagreed on the first. Now, the matter rests until February 26; when it will come up in the criminal court to which it was appealed. We expect to have more definite infor-mation in regard to this matter after the trial before the higher court. It looks very much from the facts stated that the courts are being used to stifle free speech, at the behest of Romish priests, that the abominations of Rome may not be exposed. McNamara having been a Roman Catholic bishop, of Brooklyn, N. Y., certainly knows whereof he speaks; and his ability to make Rome wince is pretty good evi-dence that he tells a good deal of truth. Rejoicing Over an Enemy. [The Catholic Standard thus concludes a notice of Prince Bismarck's return to Berlin.] AFTER many years of retirement he again visits Berlin and the scenes of his palmy days. But the times are changed for him, and other rulers contest or over-shadow his popularity. When he appears in public a few cheers greet his presence, but they are not even the echo of the spontaneous ovation that used to greet the coming of the great chancellor long ago. He has no place and no voice in the Reichstag, he does not meet in the confer-ence of the king's ministers, his policy or advice is not sought for in the delibera-tions of matters of State, the mantle of greatness has fallen from his shoulders, his star has set! On looking around, he sees, moreover, that his old enemy, the Catholic Church, is neither dead nor de-feated. The old Catholic Church which he himself formed and tried to put in her place has gone to seed and is nearly extin-guished, while the true old church is pro-lific with new life. The Catholic deputies have increased their numbers in the Reich-stag, their power and influence are courted as a conservative strength, the May laws against the freedom of religious worship are abrogated, churches are restored to their original owners, religious orders are allowed to pursue their legitimate calling in schools and colleges, and the last edict on the banishment of the Jesuits is re-voked by a strong majority. All this must be a bitter mixture in the cup of en-joyment (?) for the ex-chancellor in his visit. Verily, "the mills of God grind slowly, but they grind exceeding small." Ł The W. C. T. U. Enforcing Sunday Observance in Australia. THE following item appears in the Mel-bourne Age of January 4, 1894, and is an indication that the desire to enforce the papal SabbathŠthe mark of the beastŠupon the people, is by no means confined to America, but is becoming world-wide :-- A series of prosecutions arising out of complaints to the Chief Commissioner of Police by members of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union, were instituted in the Richmond court yesterday against local shop-keepers for trading at other times than between the hours prescribed in the Police Act, viz.: from one to six o'clock. Twice previously, at the instance of the same complainants, the law was suddenly enforced, the chief cause of complaint being that children, on their way to Sunday school, are induced to spend their " collection hoz " pennies in fruit and lollies [candies]. The W. C. T. U. was not represented in court, the informants being Senior Constable Barrett and Con-stables Kelly, Teague and Donald. James tong;  fruiterer, Bridgeroad, pleaded guilty to selling three.x penny worth of lollies and a packet of cigarettes to a, girl at about 7: 30 on the 17th ult. The bench in-flicted a fine of one shilling, and advised defendant it would be better for him to observe the law in future. Four others, " charged with having sold small parcels of fruit and lollies," were also each fined one shilling. Another, a milkman, was fined five shillings. As in America, so in Australia, the Women's Christian Temperance Union is forgetting its legitimate sphere, ceasing to do its first works, and beginning to be switched off to be used by the great deceiver as a tool for carrying on religious persecution. While confined just at present to petty offenses, seemingly too insignificant cases for the attention of rational beings, their eyes will no doubt ere long be turned more directly toward those who observe the Bible Sabbath, the seventh day, against the observance of which all Sunday legis-lation has, on the part of its author, ever been directed. W. A. COLCORD. Melbourne, Australia. The Procession Romeward. THE Rt. Rev. Ignatius F. Horstman, D. D., Bishop of Cleveland, Ohio, has con-firmed within the past sixteen months, thirty thousand born Catholics and nine hundred converts; and this within a terri-tory embracing less than one-third of the State of Ohio. Such a happening, as our esteemed contemporary, the Catholic Uni-verse, truly remarks, " tells the story of that silent procession Romeward which is gradually, but with certainty, changing the religious face of the country." And as it further says : " The ultimate conver-sion of America can only be delayed by the failure of Catholics to fully compre-hend the nature of their terrible responsi-bility."ŠBoston Pilot. The District Sunday Bill. THE following is the text of the Sunday bill for the District of Columbia referred to on the last page of this paper. We are informed that it is soon to be introduced in the House by Henry W. Blair, the father of the ".Blair bills," who will also introduce a bill for a national Sunday law :- 53RD CONGRESS, S. 1628. 2ND SESSION. IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES. 4,  FEBRUARY 15, 1894. MR. GALLINGRR (by request) introduced the following bill; which was read twice and referred to the committee on Education and Labor. A BILL To protect the first day of the week, com- monly called Sunday, cis a day of rest and worship in the District of Columbia. Be it enacted b0 the Senate and House of Repre-sentatives of the United States of America in Congress as-sembled, That on the first day of the week, known as the Lord's day, set apart by general consent in accordance with divine appointment as a day of rest and worship, it shall be unlawful to perform any labor, except works of necessity and mercy and work by those who religiously observe Saturday, if performed in such a way as not to involve or disturb others; also to open places of business or traffic, except in the case of drug  stores for the dispensing of medicines; also to make contracts or transact other commercial business; also to engage in noisy amusements or amusements for gain, or entertainments for which admittance fees are charged; also to join in public processions, except funerals, which last shall not use music; also to per-form any court service, except in connection with, 