FriAE AMERICAN SENTINEL. 125' because of the abounding love in his heart. So far from, injuring his neighbor he will seek in all possible ways to bless and benefit mankind. The gospel will bring in the universal reign of_ love. Love not only fulfills the law but in its beneficence goes far beyond it. Now this is worse than nonsense. The idea that the gospel shall supersede the moral law is destructive of the moral law, of morality, and even of the gospel itself. The gospel is ordained to maintain the integrity of the moral law, and yet enable God to save th'e transgressor of the law. They gospel is ordained that God may be just and yet the justifier of the unjust who believe in Jesus Christ, who is the embodiment of the gospel. The gospel is deelared to be "the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." That salvation is salvation front sin but sin is defined by the word of God to be " the transgression of the law." The goSPel, being ordained to save men from the transgression of the law, would be robbed of all its force if the law be super-seded Which points out the sin. Again it is written, " By the law is the knowl-edge of- sin." The gospel, being the power of God to save from sin, would be robbed of all its force if the law be super-. ceded by which alone is the knowledge of Sin. Once more, it is written, "Where no law is there is no transgression," and "sin is not imputed when there is no law." Now, by any means to supersede or take away the law is to take away all transgression or imputation of sin, which at once nullifies the gospel; because it is alone the remedy for sin, and is the power of God unto salvation from sin. If there be no sin there can be no gospel. To offer pardon to the innocent, is an im-position and an insult; and therefore any proposition to supersede the law by the gospel, or by any other means, is worse than nonsense, because it strikes at the foundation of God's throne which is justice and judgMent, and so uproots all mor-ality. God is the source of morality, the foundation of his throne is justice and judgment, and the gospel is ordained in order that he might be just and yet the justifier of him who believeth in Jesus. The lag sentence, " Love not only ful-fills the law, but in its beneficence goes farŁ beyond it," is worse ''than nonsense because it is an insult to the law of God and to its Author. It is written, "-Love is the fulfilling of the law." That law being supreme, and love being the ful-fillment of it, it is impossible for love to go beyond it to any degree whatever; for whereVer genuine love is, it is nothing less than the expression of the law, the fulfillment of which is love. More than this; the law of God is but the expression of his will. It is only the reflection of his character. And " God -is love." To say, then, that love goes far beyond the law which isŁ ¶mt the reflection 'of the mind and will of him who is love;  is to say that love goes far beyond God, and that  is to deny God, and is not far removed from blasphemy, even though we wot that through ignorance she said it. The next portion of this production is as follows :Š When men are holy, wars will cease, litigations will cease. The criminal officers will lose their occupation, for there will be no civil offenses. The secular sword will rust in its sheath. Jails and penitentiaries will stand open for want of an in-mate. The judge will convene the court only to find nothing on the docket. The State, rid of the depredations of evildoers, will be free to work out her mission on a higher plane. She will expend her wealth and her energies in directing and en-nobling her peopleŠin educating the young, in improving and beautifying the public domain, in fulfilling her beneficent mission among the nations. Then our temples of justice will be converted into temples of love. The reign of love will actually supersede the reign of law. Then will Christ be the king of this Nation and the civil power, ac-knowledging his allegiance, will exclaim with the apostate Julian, " Oh, Gallilean, thou hast con-quered 1" That is considerably mixed. It is true that when men, if it be all men, are holy, wars will cease and litigation will cease. But the time will never come in this world when that will be so. The Script-ures declare that when this world ends, multitudes of men will yet be wicked, and will then be destroyed because they are wicked. When all the holy people shall be gathered unto the kingdom of God there will be neither criminal officers nor civil offenses. There will be no sec-ular sword to rust in its sheath even if there were a sheath. There will be neither jails nor penitentiaries to stand open. There will be neither earthly judge nor earthly court. There will be no State to have a mission, nor to have money, nor to educate the young, nor will there be a "public domain." The reign of love will never supersede the reign of the law, be-Ca-use the expression of the supreme law is love itself. Christ will never be king of this Nation; and though the civil power should acknowledge such allegiance and make Such an exclamation, it would not be -true in any such sense as is here conveyed. Besides this, Julian was- no more of an apostate than were Constantine and his "pious sons" and many others of that ilk whom we might name. And more than this, Julian never exclaimed, " Oh, Gal-lilean, thou hast conquered !" The last of the article is as follows :Š So Christ will become king of this Nation, not by putting his name in the Constitution, nor by making New-Testament laws the fundamental laws of the land, nor by turning court-houses into churches, nor magistrates into bishops. His reign will not come in by civil commotion. It will come silently as the dew, and gently as the blessed sunlight. " He shall come down like rain upon the mown grass ; as showers that water the earth." " In his days shall the righteous flourish ; and abundance of peace so long as the moon endureth." In the councils of eternity the-  Father and the Son entered into a covenant called the covenant of redemption. By virtue of this covenant the Son was to make an atonement for sin by the death on the cross, in consideration of which the Father was to give him all the nations of the earth. "Ask of  me and I Will give thee the heathen for thine in-heritance, and the uttermost parts of the earth for thy possession," So the nation that finally rejects his authority is doomed to destruction. " Be wise now therefore, oh ye kings; be instructed, ye judges of the earth. Kiss the Son, lest he be angry and ye perish from the way, when his wrath is kindled but a little. The scriptures that are quoted there are good, and sound, and true. But all of it that is not actual Scripture is actual nonsense. And how any one could start out with so clear a statement of sound sense, as this writer does, and then close up with such a medley of bad sense and worse doctrine, interlarded with good scripture, is a mystery. A. T. J. Catholics and Public Schools. HUMAN history establishes the fact that the civil Government, armed with force, - cannot be entrusted with the culture of conscience. Any attempt on the part of the State to coerce the religious convictions of men has ended disastrously, both to the State and to religion. Because of the grow-ing recognition of this fact the divorce of Church and State is becoming more nearly universal. America first embodied this principle in a political Constitution, and it has more and more found expression in our laws and institutions. Any movement, then, that would make an alliance between Church and State is repugnant. If we define education in its broadest sense, the respective functions of the Church and State in connection with it at once be-comes clear. Education is the development and cultivation of the physical, intellect-ual, and religious faculties of man. The State must see to the first two, the Church to the last. Their spheres are distinct. The effort of the State, then, is for the sake of civil unity, to perfect the State on the basis of civil rights and science, treat-ing all religious forms and faiths with strict impartiality. This at once rolls the whole responsibility of religious culture back upon the churches and the family, precisely where it justly belongs. Religion has been, and should be, entirely disre-garded in our public schools. The State cannot attempt religious training. The Church must do that, and she must do it alone. When the Catholic prelates ask a share pro rata of the school fund, they are ask-ing the State to raise money by taxation for their parochial schools, that is, for the religious education of the young. But this is a thing the State cannot do without sur-rendering the well-established basal prin-ciple of the entire separation of Church and State. And if this principle be sur-rendered, and an alliance formed between the Church and State at this point, there is no telling where the end may be of State appropriations to religious objects, or how soon the whole foundation of our form of government would be weakened or de- 