AMERICAN SENTINEL. 453 mien. The orderly, devout grandfathers raged like wild beasts outside of the prison, and fired at the prisoners whenever they approached the windows. So bent were they upon their slaughter that it was found necessary at last to remove the old men from the post. As time passed the bitterness deepened, the gentlest woman and most generous men in both factions often becoming the most unreasonable and malignant toward all who differed from them. Old lines of right and wrong were blurred in the sanest and most devout. There was no right and wrong to most people. Take a trifling ex-ample: Late in the summer, one Sunday night, while the churches were still open, the bugles were suddenly sounded and cannon fired. The alarm spread that Gen-eral Lee's army was advancing upon the town to burn it. There were no Federal troops in it at the time. So the staid citizens of the town mustered, and shouldering their muskets boarded a train to go forth, as they thought, to meet the Confederate army. I can see their stooped shoulders and gray heads now as they marched past peering into the darkness through their spectacles. Oh, such sorry warriors! But it was as fine a blaze of courage as any that illumed the war. The courage blazed in vain. When the train reached the hills it was found that there was not a Confederate soldier within fifty miles. What happened then was told me by the officer commanding the expedition. The men alighted, formed in column, and boldly advanced into the sleeping village near which the train had halted. When no one appeared they held a brief council, and then, to the dismay of their leader, made a rush upon the village, firing their muskets, breaking into the houses and seizing upon whatever camefirst to hand Šchurns, rocking chairs, feather beds, sewing machines, etc. One man appeared with a huge copper kettle on his back. In vain their captain commanded them to give up their spoils, telling them that the people were harmless and poor, and most of them loyal to the Union. They were crazed with excitement and rage, shout-ing: "Loot them! Loot them! Booty of war!" He compelled some of them to leave their plunder behind them, but when the train arrived at home many of them marched away in triumph with their stolen goods, among them the conqueror of the copper ket-tle. Yet these men were class leaders, deacons and pious members of the Christian church. I remember a company of young men, the sons of Scotch and Scotch-Irish families, honorable, devout gentle folk, who enlisted in the Northern army to serve their country, and, as they thought (and it may be justly), their God. They went through the war gal-lantly. Whatever was best and highest in its discipline they took and assimilated; it became part of their char-acter and life. Yet almost every one of those men brought home spoons, watches and jewelry which he had taken out of some Southern home. It was the breath of war which had made them and  the old men for the time heroes, murderers and thieves. I remember another company recruited from the same class for the Confederate army. They fought bravely, remaining in the service during the full five years. Of those still alive at Lee's surrender every man sooner or later filled a drunkard's grave. Since the close of the war I have read and listened to countless pans in the South and in the North to the dauntless courage of the heroes who gave their lives for the cause which they held just. All this is true. But I never yet have heard a word of the other side of the history of that great campaign, which is equally true, of the debilitating effect upon most men in mind and morals of yearsincamp, and the habits acquired of idleness, of drunkenness and of immorality. The American is notused to idleness, nor to military discipline. Put a gun in his hand, and give him nothing to do but to wait for somebody to kill, and the monkey or beast in him will soon show itself. After thirty years of peace, a sudden effort is now be-ing made by interested politicians to induce the American people to make war its regular business. The army is to be largely increased. Many young men of all classes expect to find an opening in it to earn their livelihoodŠto make a career for life. The talk of glory and heroism and the service of the country is very tempting to these gallant immature boys. What is really intended, of course, is the establish-ment of a uniformed guard to police the Philippine Islands in the interests of certain trusts. But our brave young fellow sees only the waving of the flag. Before he goes into camp for the rest of his days, let him look more closely into the life of it, to see what in time it will do to himŠto his mind, his manners and the soul inside of him. Mars, as I said, is just now the most popular figure among the gods. But there are ugly, mean features in his noble face when we come close to him. "Disembodied Spirits" a Legal Fraud. A NEBRASKA court has decided that the Spiritualist doctrine of the materialization of "disembodied spirits" is a fraud. The following statement of the case appears in the New York Sun:Š "LiNeoLN, Neb., July 19.ŠThe first known judicial determination that disembodied spirits cannot be mate-rialized by human means was made by United States Commissioner Billingsly to-day, who decided that it was impossible. The State Spiritualists' Association is holding a camp-meeting here. It contracted' to pay D. J. Moran of San Francisco $180 for the appearance here of his two sons as mediums. When Moran reached here he insisted upon a published statement that the children 