THE _SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 709 legislation are prone to do. It, is to be noted also that in Argentina it is assumed that the legislature has the same right to decree and enforce hours of rest on any day that it has to enforce rest on Sun-day, and truly the one proceeding is no less arbi-trary than the other. The people of Argentina ac-cept such arbitrary measures because they have not known the liberty enjoyed by the people of. North America: The idea of devoting a considerable part of Sunday to sport, as advocated by the author of this bill, is quite in keeping with Roman Catholic teaching touching the manner in which the day should be observed. s. THE PAPACY AND PROGRESS.ŠII. THE paragraph of the Pope's encyclical " to the Americans " which has the most direct bearing on the questions suggested by the language of Mr. Malone, is as follows: " The church among you, unopposed by the Con-stitution and Government of your nation, fettered by no hostile legislation,, protected against violence by the common laws and the impartiality of the tribu-nals, is free to live and act without hindrance. Yet, though all this 'is true, it would be very erroneous to draw the conclusion that in America is to be sought the type of the most desirable status of the church; or that it would be universally lawful or expedient for state and church to be, as in America, dissevered and divorced. The fact that Catholicity with you is in good condition, nay, is even enjoying a pros-perous growth,,is by all means to be attributed to the fecundity with which God has endowed his church; in virtue of which, unless men or circum-stances interfere, she spontaneously expands and propagates herself. But she would bring forth more abundant fruits if, in addition to liberty, she enjoyed the favor of the laws and the patronage of the public Ł authority," It would seem that this language needs no comment. Blind indeed must be the person who can note see at the first reading of this para-graph that the Catholic Church has not "learned the lesson of tolerance;" that she has not learned to " separate politics and religion;" that she has not learned "new ways of looking at things;" that she is perfectly ready to do now just what she did in the Middle Ages. Notice, Leo does not want the favor of the laws and the patronage of the public authority because the church 'is' restricted in her operations, and Catholics are not allowed "to enjoy'their con- stitutional rights in their integrity." He knows nothing of the things that it is claimed give rise to Catholic federation. He sees that the church " is free to live and act without hindrance," and that she has, in the enioyment of such liberty, " from scant and slender beginnings, grown with rapidity to be great' and exceedingly flourishing," But, " though all this is true, it would be very erroneous to draw the conclusion that in America is to be sought the type ef the most desirable status of the church; or that it would be universally lawful or expedient for state and church to be, as in America, dissevered and divorced." "She would bring forth more abundant fruits if, in ad-dition to liberty, she enjoyed the favor of the laws and the patronage of the public authority." Let it be noted that the position of Leo, which is the position of the Papacy, is that perfect freedom and protection to .live and act without hindrance is not enough for the church to-day; she must have from the state, and from the United States at that, "in addition to liberty," favor and patronage. Favor is " an act or course, of kindness or generosity, as distinguished from one that is inspired by a regard for justice, duty, or right." It is " kindness bestowed upon one to the exclusion of others; partiality; preference." Patronage is " favor, aid, protection, or, care extended to a person or work by a patron; special countenance and encour- agement; .guardianship?' The attitude of the Catholic Church to-day, and especially her attitude with respect to the United States, is stated in the paragraph given, just as it is, and so plainly that there is no possibility of its being misunderstood. The Roman pontiffs in their palm-iest days, with all their arrogance and presumption, were never more bold in their statement of the attitude of the church toward the civil power. But the encyclical from which this is taken is astounding beyond any papal document of the Middle Ages for these reasons: (I) In view of the "grand march of progress " of the last few centuries, of which Mr. Malone speaks. (2) In view of the claims of Cath- olics that the church has kept step with this progress. (3) Above all else in view of the fact that it was ad- dressed to the people of a nation which has stood before the world for more than a century on prin-ciples which forever forbid to any church or any re-ligion " the favor of the laws and the patronage of the public authority." This encyclical allows no escape from the fol-lowing-conclusions: (I) The church has not changed 