AMERICAN SENTINEL. 105 those things which are hurtful to body and soul; but it aims to do this only "moderately." And in this it now has, all too frequently, the countenance and aid of the church. As noticed in our last issue, the pastor of an Episcopal church in Jersey City has started a class in dancing, in the church gymnasium; and the success of -the innovation shows how ready the young people are to .avail themselves of the opportunity to indulge in a form .of worldliness under the auspices of the church. Under the auspices of the church, the indulgence will of course ,he very "moderate," and therefore an exhibition of true -temperance. Will it? What do you think? HERE is what one individual thinksŠMr. Eben Bum-.stead, of Boston, Mass Šwho has sent us a leaflet called out by this Jersey City incident. He says:Š "Dear Sir :ŠThe prominence which has lately been given to the announcement that a Jersey City pastor in-tends to form a Bible-class dancing school,' would seem to make this an opportune time for speaking in no un-certain tonesŠcost what it mayŠin order to warn your people everywhere of the dangers which they do not now see., of the Modern waltz, which the dancing masters at their recent Łconvention in this city condemned as ob-noxious,' and which the Christian Herald, of Sept. 22, 1897, says 'has proved the road to ruin to countless thousands.'" IN this Łcircular is given the testimony of Mr. T. A. Faulkner, Łex-dancing master, ex-champion dancer, and ex-president of Dancing Masters' Association of the Pa-cific Coast. In this he says Łon the point of "moderation" in this indulgence: "I only wish that certain parents who think they are restricting their children to 'parlor dancing at home only,' could have been with me the night of May 30th, 1892, and have seen as I did, their girls, some of them but twelve or fourteen years of age, dancing in a public saloon, where so much beer had been spilt on the floor that the women had to hold their dresses to keep them from getting soiled and wet as they danced. This is usually the result of teaching the child to dance and then to restrict it to home dancing. If they once become fascinated with it they must and will, by some means, fair or foul, have more of it than their homes afford. The safe side is the best side. Keep them from taking the first step to ruin, and they can never take the last." TRUE temperance consists in abstaining from taking the first step to ruin. AND it is very significant that such charges of world-liness can be laid at the door of the church at the very time when the church is trying to get control of the state, to run the affairs of civil government according to the laws of Christian morality. The church should remem-ber the proverb, "Physi'cian, heal thyself." A Striking Incident from South America. THERE is no quarter of the globe that furnishes richer mines for securing practical examples of the workings of a united church and state than South America. We have published within the last year quite a number of personal experiences, written by the actors themselves. In a co-temporary, we find the account of a seller of religious books in Chile, where there is supposed to be religious lib-erty. It seems that it was his first experience, as he was evidently not aware that Catholic holidays in that coun- try are quite rigidly observed. He came to one town where he had some books to deliver, and all the places of business being closed, he could do little or nothing, so he went to another town, and with practically the same re-sults. While waiting in the public square for a train, a priest came out of the main church of the town with his procession of Paints, when all the men took off their hats. There were fully a thousand present, and he alone kept on his hat. On the opposite side of the street the priest in his four-cornered cap came along and motioned for him to take off his hat. No attention was paid to this, and he was then commanded to either remove his hat or leave the, square. What happened after this we will let him tell in his own language. He says:Š "I asked him what authority he had in Chile to give such a command, as there is religious liberty in this coun-try. He threatened to call the police. I said, 'Very well, if you have authority to do so.' He left his rnonos (saints) in the street, and went to look for a policeman; and the crowd left his procession to see me. "While 1 was waiting, I asked the people what au-thority the priest had, as I did not believe in his santos or his church. Finally the priest came back with the policeman, and commanded him to take me to jail. I again asked if one had to take off his hat in the public square. The, policeman said I must come with him, and talk to the chief of police, which I did. While on the way, I gave a tract to the policeman, and convinced him that the priest was wrong. Half a square before we reached the prison, several persons came rushing up behind, and asked the policeman to let me go. One of these brushed my back with his hand, as on leaning against a tree while waiting in the square for the priest, my coat had become soiled. I asked them to come along and see what the chief would say. "On reaching the prison the policeman said, 'I come with this man by order of Sell-or Cura, because of his making a scandal in not taking off his hat.' The chief said, 'Go.' I did not care to go at once, so he asked me in, and I showed my book to him and others, and gave him some tracts, then turned to the public square again, where the priest was. A little before reaching it a well-dressed man came almost on a run, and we met on the corner. He was astonished, and asked if I was not the man who had been sent to jail. " 'Yes,' was my reply. "He said, `If I only had power, you would go to j ail.' "I then asked him if he was a Christian, and if Christ ever sent any one to jail. He went away somewhat ashamed. On reaching the 'plaza,' or square, the people. 