134 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Indian schools are religious schools, and were it not for the religion which is taught in them they would not exist at all. For a prelate of the Catholic ChurchŠor for that matter, of any churchŠto claim that religion is not the main thing in the eye of the church, is simply absurd. Religion is that upon which the church depends for her very existence; it is the mainspring of all her action. Anyone familiar with Catholic literature knows that "secular education," apart from religion, is frequently denounced in it as being worse than no education at all. But if any person, despite all other proofs, were still in--clined to regard Rome as the friend of secular education, he has but to look to those countries in which Rome Tules, or has ruled until recently, to find evidence which will convince him if he is open to conviction. Where, out-side of the wilds of central Africa, would one go to find ignorance and superstition so dense and presenting such an impassable barrier to right and reason, as in the 'priest-ridden districts of Ireland, Mexico, or South Amer-ica? To any one familiar with geography, it is impossi-ble to dissociate in the mind the mention of one of these 'countries from the thought of a land where the masses of the people spend their lives in ignorance, superstition, -and poverty. If the archbishop had presented a true statement of the case, he would have spoken like this: Gentlemen, un-less the United States Government pays for the mainte-mance of our Catholic Indian schools, the church will 'have to maintain them herself. But the church does not want to do this. It is true they are church schools, wholly under the church's direction and control, and in which the foremost consideration is to bring the pupils into the Catholic fold; but we would like the Government to stand the expense, while we reap the benefit. Remem-ber, gentlemen, that it is the bounden duty of the Gov--ernment to educate these "wards of the nation"Šin the 'Catholic belief. So, gentlemen, I ask that you will kindly -appropriate the people's money for this purpose; and if this is against their will, let it be remembered that the ,people ought not to have any will that is contrary to the Catholic Church. And besides, it is a settled principle of our belief -that the state ought to support the church; and this principle, which by the way is a very important one, 'seems in danger of being discarded here in 'the matter of these Government appropriations. Hence I particularly -ask that the same be continued undiminished to the 'Catholic schools, since each such appropriation is a rec--cognition of this principle as being just and right. And remember also, gentlemen of the committee, that it will cost considerably more to build and maintain 'Government schools for the Indians than it costs to 'maintain our church schools, since these are already 'built and employ teachers who, having devoted their 'lives to the church, work for religion's sake and not for money. Therefore to proceed upon the principle of se pa--ration of church and state, will cost you thousands of dollars; and I ask you to consider, gentlemen, whether it  will pay to revert to constitutional principles of govern-ment at the cost of so much money. This is what truth would compel one to say, and substantially all that one could say, in asking state aid for the maintenance of sectarian schools. Such aid is simply a misappropriation 'of money,Ša use of it never authorized by those to whom it belongs. The state in giving such aid does that which, in the case of a private individual, would be counted a crime to be punished by a term in jail. The papal authorities ask that the state shall continue to do this, notwithstanding it has begun the establishment of a contrary policy. The SENTINEL asks that the Government discontinue these misappria-tions and adhere to the foundation principles of free gov-ernment, at whatever cost in money. The right way will be the cheapest way in the end. We note, however, the statement made editorially in the journal which reported the archbishop's pleaŠthe Catholic Standard and Times, of the 19th inst.Šthat "We have just learned that since his plea was delivered the Senate committee has decided to recommend an ad-dition of ten per cent. to the appropriation already voted by the House." This certainly justifies calling the attention of the American people to the subject as one of practical interest to them at this time. A Lamb-like Government. BY C. H. KESLAKE. ADDITIONAL evidence that this nation is the one sym-bolized by the "beast" of Rev. 13:11, is furnished in the description that the prophet gives of the beast. It has two horns like a lamb. Whenever, in the Bible, a lamb is used as a symbol, it is always to represent Christ. See Rev. 5:6, 8, 12. And more than once we hear John the Baptist speaking of Christ as "the Lamb of God." Therefore the conclusion is inevitable that the two-horned beast, which is lamb-like, symbolizes a govern-ment, which, in its national capacity, is like Christ. In other words, such a nation would be established upon principles which are in harmony with the utterances of Christ concerning governments. That being so, we may rest assured, beyond the shadow of a doubt, of the correctness of the application of the symbol; for in all history, from the days of Christ, there has absolutely never been a government founded upon principles taught by Jesus Christ excepting that of the United States of America. Jesus Christ taught there are duties devolving upon every member of the human family that are of such a nature that it is impossible for any earthly tribunal to successfully take cognizance of them; duties which in the very nature of things can be discharged only when the heart is regenerated, washed in the blood of the Lamb. 