off any Man Hear My Words, and Believe not, if Judge him not: for I Came not to Judge the World, but to Save the World." VOLUME 10. NEW YORK, JANUARY 10, 1895. NUMBER 2. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISH/NO COMPANY, No. 48 Bolan STREET, NEW Yoyer. Entered at the New York Post-Office. ALONZO T. JONES, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN, - - EDITORS. A, F. BALLENGER, ASSISTANT EDITOR. ON the 15th of June, 1520, Pope Leo X. issued a bull condemning Luther and the "Reformation. ONE of the forty-one propositions ex-burn 1:Łeraties is contrary to the will of the conLleiuned by Leo X., reads thus: "To ti  ',acted from the writings of Luther, and Holy Gh, /4"  4. EVERY one of ehe forty-one gospel prop- ositions condeh 111ed  113Y rope Leo X., on the 15th of June, :tee (condemned by Pope Leo XIII. to4a1,7— Jan. 10, 1895, although three hum And :seventy-five *amities for (enlight- enment have passed. Ro lbw Amer (ehang es . Ł 520, Martin ON the 10th of December,  nj. Luther burned the bull of Leo and the next day addressed the students Witten- berg  as follows: " If you do not CoLltell  with your whole heart against the i. 13:104- vas  government of the pope, you cann 'ot bt saved. Whoever takes delight in th. `) re-ligion and worship of popery, will be e ter-nally lost in the world to come. If you rejt it, you must expect to incur every kind of danger, and even to lose your lives. But it is far better to be exposed to such perils in this world than to keep silence. So long as I live I will. denounce to my breth-ren the sore and, the plague of Babylon, for fear that many who are with us may fall back like the rest into the bottomless pit of perdition." MARTIN LUTHER is dead. And the,. churches of the Reformation "keep si-lence" and "fall back." IN Germany, the home of Martin Lu-ther, it is to-d:o.y.  a criminal offense, punŠishable with ffune and imprisonment, to preach against Catholicism, or as Luther termed it., " the plague of Babylon." In 'the United States, it is against the law of  " propriety," "good policy," and " good taste," to preach against Romanism. In-stead, a Methodist, minister in Ohio says, ".God bless the Roman Catholic Church of to-day." Another in Iowa holds a union service with a Roman Catholic priest,Šthe priest doing the preaching, of course. A Catholic priest is requested to tell the students of the Union Theological Seminary how to preach. He is intro-duced by a Presbyterian minister, who terms Luther's " plague of Babylon " the " great mother church of Christen-dom," and says that the recent encyclical of Pope Leo XIII., inviting princes and peoples back to the belief that to burn heretics is in harmony with the Holy Ghost, " breathed a spirit like that of the Master." THE Churchman, a Protestant Episco-pal paper, under date of Dec. 15, 1894, criticises the propriety of inviting Catholic priests to teach Protestant candidates for the ministry how to preach, and for this faint echo of the Reformation, Bishop Potter, of the same church, promptly and ,severely rebuked the editor of the Church-man, The Outlook, a Presbyterian paper, in its issue of Dec. 29, prints the Bishop's rebuke, under the title, " Bigotry Re-buked," with the following editorial com-ment: " The Outlook was about to call its usually genial and courteous contempo-ra:ry, the Churchman, to account for a bit of  ,,bigotry in connection with the lecture of Fa,4-her Doyle at the Union Theological Bernina)  when Bishop Potter stepped in and adnn:nistered a rebuke more effect-Avely, and, for the Churchman at least, 'more authort.4atively, than the Outlook  *could possibly wave done. Bishop Potter :has said many brief things and preached - many telling sermons, but we believe he has set no better le*S031 to be learned by a .good many religious people in these days :than that contained in the brief communi-,.cation which we reprint herewith." THOUGH the professedly Protestant de-,nmainations of America have ceased to I protest against the papacy, Protestantism iismot dead. "JTVE people who publish the AMERICAN SENIINEL believe the words addressed by  Luther to the students of Wittenberg, and "with a firm reliance on the protection of the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, we mutually pledge to each other and to the world, our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor," to uncompromis-ingly contend with the " whole heart against the impious government of the pope.' From the cowardice of others we only gather courage, warmth from their coldness, and loyalty from their treason. While the Protestant world flatters and caresses the system which tortured and burned its ancestors, we will cease not to denounce its errors and faithfully warn the world of the on-rushing, overwhelming billows of the See of Rome. LET it be ever remembered that the AMERICAN SENTINEL is opposing the papal system, not the individual. For the indi-vidual Roman Catholic we have only thoughts of love; and we are daily man-ifesting that love in this great center of population and poverty, by carrying food to the homes of destitute Roman Catholics, and watching by the bedside of their sick and dying. WHAT can the little handful of less than fifty,thousand souls who represent the constituency behind the AMERICAN SENTI-Nn, ,do as against the millions upon mil-lions of Roman Catholics and millions more of Romanizing Protestants ? "You are alone," says the enemy. " You are in the minority. The great and the wise;  re not with you." We reply with the ,answer of Martin Luther : " Moses was alone at the departure from Egypt; Elijah was alone in the reign of King Ahab; Isaiah alone in Jerusalem; Ezekiel alone in Bab-ylon. God never selected as a prophet either the high priest or any great person-age; but ordinarily he chose low and de-spised men, once even the shepherd Amos. In every age, the saints have had to re-prove the great, kings, princes, priests, and wise men, at the peril of their lives. . . . I do not say that I am a prophet, but I say that they ought to fear, precisely because I am alone and that they are many. I am sure of this, that the Word of God is with me, and it is not with them. . . . The majority has ever been on the side of falsehood, and the minority 