530 AMERICAN. SENTINEL. once upon God as the origin and ultimate of every phen-omenon, the sure resting-place of the mind after every " last analysis." In science without the Bible, that by which things are held together is Cohesion. But when it is asked, What is Cohesion? the only answer is "That by which things are held together." In science without the Bible, that by which all things are held up or held in place, is Gravita-tion. But when it is asked, "What is Gravitation?" the only answer is, "That by which all things are held up or held in place." But such answers as these are not answers at all: they are simply the saying of the same thing in another way. Yet it is a fact that such is just the instruction that is given in the books, and such is the teaching that is given to students. But by it the mind of the student is caused to travel in a circle, and is left wandering there, ever inquiring and finding no certain or satisfactory an-swer. It is proper for a student to ask, " What holds, in Ł their places, the worlds and all things ?" And it is proper enough that the answer should be, "Gravitation." It is then proper for him to ask, "What is Gravitation?" But it is not in any sense proper to answer that, "Gravi-tation is that by which, all things are held in their places." It is proper for the student to ask, "What is it that holds things together ?" And it is proper enough that the an-swer should be, "Cohesion." It is then proper that he should ask, "What is Cohesion?" But it is not in any sense prOper, nor is it at all sensible, to answer this question by saying that "Cohesion is what holds things together." Yet that and such as that throughout the curriculum is what is offered as science. It is science without God,  science without the Bible; but it is not genuine science. By it, all that any person can ever know is merely something about things; he cannot know the reality of the things themselves. In science with the Bible, it is altogether different,  In that, when a child or a student asks, "What holds all things in their places?" he can be told that it is Gravita-tion. And when he asks, "What is Gravitation?" he can be answered, "God made the worlds by his Son, who, being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power." Heb. 1:1-3. Thus, gravitation is the power of God manifested in his word through Jesus Christ. When it is asked, "What holds all things together ?" and it is answered, "Cohesion;" and when it is asked, "What is Cohesion?" the true answer is, "God hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son, . . . by whom all things were created, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers, all things were made by him and for him; and he is before all things and by him all things consist"Š[hold together]. Thus Cohesion is the power of God manifested through Jesus Christ our Lord. All things came neither by evolution, nor by the "nebular hypothesis," but by the word of God. For "by  the word of the Lord were the heavens made and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth. For he spake, and it was." And "Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God, so that things that are seen were not made of things which do appear." Gravitation was taught in the Bible more than twen-ty-three hundred years before it was discovered by New- ton. That the air has weight and that dew is formed by distillation, was taught in the Bible more than twenty-five hundred years before science without the Bible had "discovered" it. That there is a difference in the radi-ance of the stars, and not simply a difference in their dis-tance, was declared in the Bible more than fifteen hundred years before modern science had learned it. That there is healing in the sunshine was taught in the Bible twen-ty-three hundred years ago, and medical science has only lately "discovered" it. The science of meteorologyŠthe sources of the wind and the rain, the circulation of the waters and of the atmosphereŠwas revealed in the Bible more.than twenty five hundred years before science with-out the Bible had become at all acquainted with it. The world of science and philosophy to-day is going farther and farther astray, "in wandering mazes lost," because of its persistent ignoring of Goa in the Bible. By such pretended knowledge and wisdom the world is fast coming to the point where again it does not knoW God. And through the glamor of this so-called science and philosophy, even the professed Church of Christ is fast forgetting God. He who believes the Bible and thus becomes so ac-quainted with God and the power of his word, that he knows and rests with perfect confidence in the knowledge that God possesses and has revealed in the Bible a phil-osophy and a science that is as far beyond any that this world ever knew, as heaven is higher than the earth, is counted as fairly beyond the pale of respectability. But all that makes no difference with the truth. And it is the everlasting truth that in the Bible there is more and better science, truer and more profound philosophy, than this world ever knew or ever can know without that book. God is. He is the former of all things. He is the only true teacher. He is ever ready and is waiting to be the teacher of all. He will willingly teach all who will be taught by him. And to all such he will teach all knowl-edge and all wisdom, all science and all philosophy. For in him are hid all the treasures of philosophy and science, and ye are complete in him who is the head of all princi-pality and power. Doing Evil That Good May Come. UNDER the heading of "The First Sunday Law Case," a late issue of the Providence Journal contains the fol-lowing :Š "A certain deacon in a Connecticut town, feeling that 