368 .A.101IIREMICA.N SMINTIPINM,1_40 VOL. 9. No. 46. NEw YORE, NOVEMBER 22, 1894. 9 ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE Catholic Mirror, of Oct. 27, an-nounces the fifth edition of its work, "The Christian Sabbath," which is a challenge to Sunday-keeping Protestants to show scriptural authority for Sunday observ-ance. The circulation of this pamphlet has reached half a million copies, and no Sunday-keeping Protestant has dared to attempt a reply. "THE Catholic Church has been made to appear in a false light to those not of her communion," says Cardinal Gibbons. Nothing could be more true; and nobody has contributed more to this result than has the cardinal himself. The mask should be once more torn aside, even as it was in Luther's days, and Rome be made to stand forth in her true character. " Rome never changes." A CORRESPONDENT of the Gazette of Kankakee, Ill., writing to that paper from Canada, says of Toronto:Š The praises of Toronto nave been long and grandly sung, but I will add my quota that it is the cleanest city in America. . Noticeable to the stranger are its narrowly-blocked streets, its dense shade trees, its buildings all of brick, its few saloons (though I saw more drunken men and women than I ever saw in the same length of time in Chicago); next, its many fine church buildings and the strained piety of Sabbaths. They seem to think if you but keep Sunday it will atone for any wrong of the week. No street cars on SundayŠwhich are the carriages of the poor manŠbut the liveried turnouts of the rich remind one of Chicago boulevards on a Sunday afternoon, and they think Chicago next door to hades. Law can cause the mass of the people to cease work on Sunday, but it cannot make them regard the day as holy, nor can it make men moral. ANOTHER evidence that religious per-secution. is " without natural affection" is to be found in the treatment of Mrs. Whaley, the wife of Robert R. Whaley who is now serving a sentence of ninety days in jail for doing common labor on Sunday. Mrs. Whaley is a dressmaker, and devotes the time not occupied in the care of her large family, to this occupation by which she was able to materially aid her husband in supporting the family. But when she began the observance of the seventh-day Sabbath, she became the vic-tim of what is in effect a church boycott. Not only has an influenbe been brought to bear to prevent her from obtaining work, but a lady member of the. Methodist Church, for whom Mrs. Whaley had made a dress, perceiving an opportunity of escaping payment and at the same time  punishing a hated heretic, tendered the amount of the debt ($5) on the seventh day. Mrs. Whaley explained to the woman, what she well knew, that she did not transact business on that day, and asked her to hand it to her later. And now this professed follower of Jesus re-fuses to pay the debt, alleging that her duty has been performed in tendering the money. THE gospel of National Reform, the gospel of force, is being carried into the newly-opened portions of Africa by the missionaries that have followed closely upon the heels of the troops of the British South African Company, to which was committed the conquest of Matabeleland and Mashonaland. First, the so-called company, which is in fact the colonial government of that part of Africa, de-spoiled the natives of their territory by force and fraud, and then doled out grants of land to the missionaries as a speculative investment, the returns to be made in " inflooence " in civilizing the natives. How the missionaries who have thus sold themselves for a mess of African pottage will succeed in serving two masters, re-mains to be seen; though, in view of our Lord's declaration that it cannot be done, the issue can scarcely be considered doubt-ful. THE two articles in this paper, " Roman Catholicism and Spiritualism," and "What Is Modern Spiritualism ?" will be found to be of more than usual interest. It has long been understood by many that proph-ecy teaches that in the last great conflict between truth and error, Spiritualism and Roman Catholicism, like Herod and Pilate, would be " made friends " in. fighting against the truth of God ; but how these two systems were ever to be united in a common cause has not been clearly seen. Now, however,, light is breaking in, and it is apparent that the gulf that separates them is neither as wide nor. as deep as many have supposed; and that Rome, while opposing certain forms of Spiritual-ism all these years, is, and has been, a gigantic organization of Spiritualists. And it is now becoming apparent to both bodies that they hold enough in common to make the transfer from "seance" to saint worship, and vice versa, short and easy. By her saintology Rome inculcates Spiritualism, though under another name, and it is not strange that in turn the spirits testify that Rome is "the true religion." Satan is not divided against himself. JUDGE W. J. KERR made a speech re-cently in Denver, Colo., in the interests of Governor Waite and the Populist party, and at its close asked the audience to join him in singing the doxology. " A Popu-list office holder under Governor Waite," says a secular paper, " advanced to the front of the platform and waved a stout  walking stick as a baton. The audience rose, and the doxology was sung with all the fervor of a camp meeting assembly." Such facts are ominous. Religious fanat-icism is bad enough at best, but it is doubly dangerous when mingled with intense political feeling. The only pur-pose that can be served by injecting such an element into politics is to transform the political citizen into a religious cru-sader, bearing a divine commission, as he supposes, to redress his wrongs by any means in his power. W. G. CURLETT, another Seventh-day Adventist, whose case was called at the same time as Mr. Whaley's, but was post-poned on account of the absence of a witness for the prosecution, was tried Friday, November 9th, and convicted on the charge of doing bodily labor on the " Lord's day." The witnesses testified to having seen the defendant working in his potato patch on two SundaysŠ June 3rd and 10th. When asked whether he had anything to say, Mr. Curlett said in sub-stance :Š I do not deny working on the first day of the week, but I do deny working on the Lord's da,-; because the first day of the week is not the Lord's day. The commandment of God says, " Six days shalt thou labor, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord," and we must keep it. If any one can point to a single scripture, showing that Sunday is the Lord's day and should be kept, I will confess being in error. I have lived in this county all my life excepting eighteen months, and was never before charged with wro.ig. There has been offered $2,000 for the production of a scripture which shows that Sunday should be ob-served, and Cardinal Gibbons has said there was no authority in the Bible for keeping Sunday; and some of you, gentlemen (to the jury), probably know of this. The Lord has said, " We ought to obey God rather than man," and he also said, "Ye cannot serve two masters." I do not work on Sunday to defy the laws, but because I must obey God when his law conflicts with man's laws. The jury returned a verdict of " guilty," and the judge imposed a fine of five dollars and costs in each case, which amounted in all to about $30, and committed the de-fendant to jail until the amount is paid. This means an imprisonment of sixty days, after which, if Mr. Curlett has any prop-erty upon which the State can levy, it will be sold to satisfy the costs. Mr. Curlett is about forty years old, and is a fisherman by occupation. He has a wife in delicate condition, and four chil-dren, dependent on his labor for support. It is hardly necessary to say that those who instigated these persecutions are mem-bers of a professedly Protestant church. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. In clubs of 5 to 24 copies to one address, per year, - - SSec  25 to 99 " " " " - it 100 to 249 " " " " ,, -- -- 75c if 250 to 499 " " " " '6 - - - 70c ti 500 to 999 " " " " it - - 65c 1000 or more " " " - - - 60c To foreign countries in Postal Union, 5 shillings Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 