AMERICAN SENTINEL. 17 any such proceedings as will lower the dignity of our State by thus using it as an instrument of persecution. "Adopting the language of George Washington we believe that, 'Every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is accountable alone to God for his religious faith and should be protected in worshiping God ac` cording to the dictates of his own conscience.'" We expect to appear before the court next week. R. S. OWEN. Hatley, Miss., March 9. The American Exhibit to be Closed on Sundays. BY order of the American Sabbath Union, through the chief executive of the American people, the Ameri-can Exhibit at the Paris World's Fair will be closed on Sundays. We note the following on the subject in the Chicago limes-Herald:Š "The American section at the Paris Exposition will be closed upon Sundays by order of the President. A delegation representing the American Sabbath Union called upon the President several days ago and asked him to issue orders to Commissioner-General Peck to prohibit all labor by the workmen and the clerks con-nected with the American commission to the Paris Ex-position on the Sabbath day and to close the American pavilion, and cover all the American exhibits on Sun-days throughout the exposition. The President thanked the delegation for bringing the matter to his attention, and Secretary Hay at once prepared instructions to Commissioner General Peck. Secretary Hay has re-ceived the following letter from the general secretary of the American Sabbath Union on the subject:Š "Pittsburg, Pa., March 8. " 'The Hon. JOHN HAY, Secretary of State, " 'Washington, D. C. i° `My Dear Sir: I had a very pleasant chat with the President yesterday with reference to the subject matter of our interview. I told him of the conference Bishop Hurst and myself had with you and of our entire satisfaction with the instructions that have already been sent to Commissioner-General Peck and Ambassa-dor Porter. "'The President inquired if I had suggested to you the advisability of sending a word of extra caution con-cerning the opening dayŠEaster Sunday. I replied that I had, and that you had the matter under advisement. The President spoke of your conversation with him rela-tive to this matter, and said that he would advise with you further concerning it. "'Allow me to assure you, Mr. Secretary, of our con-fidence in your wisdom in dealing with this question, and shall allow it to rest in your hands without further suggestion. " am very sincerely yours, "'J. W. HATHAWAY, "'General Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, "203 Broadway, New York."' One might suppose from this that the American Sabbath Union, and not the American people, were be- hind the American Exhibit at the Paris Fair. If those whom the exhibit truly represents want it closed on Sunday, that is their right, to which no one will take exception; but why should the exhibit be closed merely to meet the mind of the American Sabbath Union? This ecclesiastical organization has done nothing to promote the Exposition, pays for no space at the fair, and yet demands that its "Sabbath" shall be on exhibi-tion every Sunday while the fair continues. The only "reason" for this action is in the religious opinions of certain American clergymen. All men, including clergymen, have a right to their own opinions; but this right is no broader in the case of clergymen's opinions than in other cases. No person has a right to set up his opinion by law as authority for others. The civil authority has no business to act in this matter in deference to this religious union. The ques-tion of opening or closing the American Exhibit belongs to the Ameriean people, or to those whom the exhibit represents, and this intrusion of the American Sabbath Union is only a piece of impertinence that is character-istic of these religio-political organizations. The English State Church in Difficulty. SPEAKING of the difficulties in which the Church of England has become involved through her dependence upon the state, an English exchange says:Š "A most pitiable state of things in religious matters has been revealed by the recently-issued intercession service for the soldiers. Objection having been made to the prayer for the dead, which occurs in it, the Arch-bishop of Canterbury has directed his chaplain to write that 'it has been decided by law that prayers for the dead are not forbidden in the Church of England.' "This, however, does not satisfy everybody. The chairman of the Church Association has written a long letter to the Duke of Devonshire, Lord President of the Council, protesting against the prayer for the dead, and pointing out that it was ordered by the Archbishops of Canterbury and York and the Lord President, sitting in council, 'and so without the knowledge of Parliament and probably without Her Majesty having any real cognizance of what was being done, a very grave consti-tutional change was attempted to be made in the doc-trinal standards of the Church of England.' "Of course the protest will not avail anything, for the leaders of the Church of England are determined to demonstrate its essential identity with the Church of Rome, a thing which those who oppose the new prayer are themselves unconsciously doing: for they base their protest not upon the Bible, which is the only real au-thority in matters of religion, but they appeal to man as against man; and this is Roman Catholicism. It is sad to see men looking to men, and depending upon human beings to know what they are to believe and practise. 'Cursed is the man that trusteth in man, and maketh flesh his arm.' Whichever way such a contro-versy as this turns, the papacy is the gainer." 