634 AMERICAN SENTINEL. THERE is something much worse than to be a pessi-mist, and that is, to be a woefully mistaken optimist. Needed: A Backward Movement. "Christian Endeavorer" for September. WE have come into peculiar timesŠthe' "last days" of this ageŠwhen the church has to a lamentable extent departed from its God-honored methods of working. Our religious life has degenerated into a life of "movements" and " conventions " and "organizations;" men's meet-ings and women's meetings; sunrise prayer. meetings, and Junior Endeavor prayer-meetings and old folks' prayer-meetings, and a list of other names that tax the capacity of our Sunday services. From morning to night we are in one ceaseless round of public meetings. We need to return to the days of personal private devo-tion. This lack of home religion is to no small degree re-sponsible for the lack of true religion in public. We may be behind the times, but we want to enter a protest against the spectacular performances and sacred(?) con-certs that have taken the place of the regular Sunday evening services. We plead for holy living inthe homes, and honest, fearless declaration of the will of God in the church. We are wearied with " boy preachers," "singing.  evangelists," "ex-priests," "converted nuns," "stereop-ticon lectures," etc., etc., and yearn for the plain preach-ers of righteousness. The absence of that which made the early Christians strong has made room for the worldliness that is so pre-dominant in so many churches. The church has entered the arena of attractions, and seeks to gather men to-gether by very poor imitations of that which is not worth imitating, and the result will surely prove that the policy is shortsighted. In exact proportion as people look upon the church as an "amusement bureau," or as a theater froila which evil has been expurgated, will they lose inter-est in the church as a revealer of the will of God. In its earnestness to make itself popular the church has lost sight of the fact that the only mission ever marked out for its ministers is to be found in the commission given to them: "Go ye therefore into all the world, and preach the gospel unto every creature." We need a "backward movement." Selling straw-berries and cream in hot weather and oyster stews in cold weather, and voting on the most popular minister in the town, or the prettiest young lady in the church, may be in harmony with the present order of things, but the question arises, "Is the present order of things in har-mony with the will of God?" Let us return to the former order of things. "Ask now of the days that are past." When the church was poor, was it not then rich? Then every man gave as the Lordprospered him, and the whole responsibility of the church's finances was thus thrown up on God. Why Did Elijah Kill Baal's Prophets? "WHATEVER does this mean, mama?" asked Charlie, appearing in the sewing room with the Dore Bible; "it seems to me that it was very strange for Elijah to kill all the prophets of Baal. The other day when we were talk-ing about Jezebel killing the prophets of the Lord, you, told me that she did very wrong. Now, mama, how do you explain the action of Elijah ?" Mrs. Ross looked up at Charlie's eager countenance, and, sighed ; for had she not often questioned in vain for an answer to th,is same perplexity? She laid aside her work, however, and said, "Let us study the chapter in which this history is recorded, and see if we can find a sat-isfactory answer; for I do confess to you, Charlie, that you have asked me a hard question." "Now I will/turn questioner. What happened just be-fore Elijah killed the prophets of Baal?" "First, Elijah told the king to gather all the people, and send for all the four hundred and fifty prophets of Baal. When they all came together unto Mount Carmel, Elijah stood up in their sight, and said, 'How long halt ye between two opinions ? ' " "Then it seems that the people were in perplexity and did not know exactly what was right," said Mrs. Ross. "Well, go on, Charlie." "Then Elijah said, 'If the Lord be God, follow him but if Baal, then follow him. And the people answered him not a word.' "It seems to me that was a fair proposition. Does it not to you, Charlie?" "0, of course. That is not what I am troubled about. The true God is the one they ought to have obeyed, be-cause he made them, and all things, and gave them all they had. It would have been far better if they had wor-shiped God all the time; for God is love, and good, and never asked them to do one unreasonable thing. Bilt what I am troubled about is, that Elijah, who knew God and loved him, and must have understood that he was love, kind, and merciful, should do the very thing to the prophets of Baal that he thought was so wrong for Jeze-bel to do to the prophets of God." "Well, let us go on with our study. I begin to see why it was, and I think you will before we are done." "Well, after he called their attention to the fact that he stood alone in their midst for God, he told the proph- 