692 AMERICAN SENTINEL. Bitt so long as the principle of selfishness is embodied in these dealings, these problems will remain unsolved, in spite of all the measures that can be devised by all the labor combines, the trusts, and similar organizations on the earth. ChristianityŠthe application of the principle of un-selfishness to the individual life, is no Utopian dream. It is a divine reality, set up by its Author right amidst all the unfeeling selfishness of earth, and one which all may know. Let us work to spread it among men, and to usher in the day when it will be universal over all the world. 1.-1. Ł .4 Ł THE problem of securing an improvement in "public morality" by means which will not 'make the people any better individually, is one upon which any amount of energy can be expended without effecting the slightest results. A Stumbling Block to the Jews. BY, F. C. GILBERT. ABOUT two years ago the writer was engaged in the city of Boston, doing evangelistic work among the Jews. At this time there was a hearing before the railroad com- missioners by the Massachusetts "Sabbath Protective League," to see if they would not decrease the traffic on the railroads of New England on Sunday. While waiting in the ante-room, several of the Sunday-law workers came in, and we soon entered into a conversation. Quite a prominent one among them remarked that he thought it was very necessary that we have.good operative Sun- day laws. The following conversation then took place (W. means the writer; S. L. W. Sunday-law worker):Š W.Š"There is one feature about this Sunday-law movement that you people ought to take into considera-tion ; and whether you are aware of it or no, this law is working a great deal of evil, and is a great hindrance to converting the Jew." S. L. W.Š"Why so? All we want is they should keep one day. I suppose they do observe their Sabbath, but then they ought to respect our Christian institutions." W.Š"But is it not unjust to compel them to observe a day in which they have no faith, especially since they have kept a day they believe they ought to worship God upon?" S. L. W.Š"Well, I suppose if they keep that day con-scientiously, some allowance should be made for such; but those who do not observe the day should be obliged to abstain from labor." W.Š"But will not such a course be unjust? How can you tell whether they keep the day conscientiously or no? Some of them might close their stores and lower their blinds on Saturday, yet sell goods with the blinds drawn; then on Sunday open their stores wide, claiming they have a right so to do, as they kept the Sabbath. Do you not see then that it would revive the days of New England inquisition, as you will not only have to watch  them as to how they observe the day, but also have to resort to measures to learn whether they kept the day conscientiously?" S. L. W.Š"I know it is a hard question to settle, but then we cannot let our Sunday laws be dead letters and inoperative to accommodate them." W.Š"But, beyond all this, it is a very unchristian thing, and causes them to look with displeasure upon Christianity. You admit they are a very respectable class, law-abiding citizens. They believe they have a God-given right, according to the Constitution, to work any day or all days as they see fit. They endeavor to live up to their citizen rights; and in addition to that we try to lead them to Christ, by tellinethem that the gos-pel of Christianity is God's love-power to save them from sin, and to help them lead better lives. And to this end Christian people are working, that the Jew might realize that Christ is his friend, and Christianity is the truth. But the Jew says, `You believe in Christ, and those peo-ple also who are making Sunday laws. Do you tell me that that kind of religion is better than the Jewish, and a religion of love that would compel us to do what is contrary to the teachings of your own Bible and your own Christ? Here you people are seeking to compel us to desist from a day's labor each weak,Šyou who profess to be Christians, who come to us with the gospel,Šwhich the Constitution of this country gives us right to per-form, and which the founders of this countryŠWashing-ton, Jefferson, Madison, and othersŠnever thought would happen in this land? It is unjust; it is depriving us of our rights to "life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." Do you think that, if that is the way you treat us, we want anything to do with Christianity?'" S. L. W.Š"Well, it does not look just right, and I can see there is a just excuse there; and it might have a ten-dency to make evangelization quite difficult among them. Something ought to be done for them, if that is the case. What would you suggest for a remedy, if you have thought of anything?" W.Š"To my mind there is only one thing that sug-gests itself, and this would remedy the evil not only with the Jews, but with all people who recognize the unjust-ness of this thing. For it certainly is a violation of natu-ral right, as every man has a right to do as he pleases, with regard to his working on any day, or upon all days. My suggestion is that the entire system of Sunday laws be abolished." S. L. W.Š"What ! Abolish all our Sabbath laws!! I do not care for the Jew; I do not care for Washington, Jefferson, Madison, or any one else! This is a Chris-tian nation, and we intend to maintain all our Sabbath laws." Is such a course Christian? Does it have a tendency to lead souls, to the meek and lowly Jesus? Is the fruit that of the Spirit? It needs no reply. If this is a sample of the Christianity of this "Christian nation," and it is, then is such a religion the religion of Christ? "By their fruits ye shall know them." IT is reported from Russia that the Czar has granted full pardon to 206'  Lutheran pastors of the Baltic prov-inces, who, on a variety of charges, have been deprived of their churches and deported to other parts of the empire. 