AMERICAN SENTINEL. 347 Studies in French History.-24. "CHARLES the Sixth," began Professor Carman, as he called the class to order, "was named 'The Well-beloved.' Poor boy! he took his father's throne when only twelve years old. He was a light-hearted and handsome youth, and his uncles did everything they could to prevent him from taking any interest in public affairs, for they wanted the reins of government in their own hands. These men did not have the real interests of the government at hand; all they wanted was to get rich at the expense of the people; so that all the benefits which Charlie the Wise had brought about, soon gave place to oppression and unjust taxation." "Didn't the people complain any?" asked Edward Palmeter. "They did, indeed, and most bitterly; so the royal dukes made them fair promises which they at once pro-ceeded to break, when the danger to themselves was over, and then they punished the ones who had dared to com-plain, most cruelly." "Probably they were killed, weren't they?" asked Milly Brown. "0 yes, and then sewed up in sacks and thrown into the river. "About this time, the patriot Van Artevelde was having trouble with the Count of Flanders. So theyoung king's uncle took sides in the quarrel against the people of Flanders, and in a terrible battle which followed, the patriot was killed, and his army defeated with dreadful slaughter. Then the foolish uncle took poor little King Charles to gaze upon the awful sight of a field of mangled and dying men, giving the child to understand that he had won the great victory." "I wonder the boy did not almost lose his reasonŠI'm sure I should have!" exclaimed Julia March. "It was a severe shock to him, indeed, and he never seemed quite himself ever after it; in fact, he soon began to manifest those strange traits which showed unmistak-ably that insanity had marked him for its victim." "0, the poor fellow! did he really go mad?" asked Milly Brown, shuddering. "He did, finally, though not until after a number of years But to show you how sadly unbalanced his mind must have been, I will just mention as an example of his strange freaks, his causing the city of Courtrai to be robbed and burned, and this when he was only fourteen  years old, and for a cause that was too trivial to men-tion. You can form no idea, perhaps, of what that rash order from his boyish lips meant. Immediately the streets of the ill-fated city were filled with a howling, fren-zied mob. Neither women nor little children were spared and finally nothing was left to mark the spot where a.  few hours before was a pleasant town, but smouldering ruins." "Was it this boy king, who formed the project of in-vading England? It seems as if I had read lately some-thing of him in connection with this crazy plan," said Joe Palmeter. "Yes; or it was during his reign, and a wild scheme it was, which resulted, of course, in a dismal failureŠdismal at least to the poor fellows who had to be outrageously taxed to bear the expense of it." "We were all talking about Charles the Sixth, this morning, and each onetried to tell some fact about him," said Edna Phillips. "Well now, Edna, suppose you just mention briefly what was said." "Mother said that once he got to feeling so big and pompous that he made the soldiers take the gates of Paris down and lay them on the ground for him to pass over, so the people might understand how far superior to them he was. And Uncle Jack said that the king for-bade the citizens of Paris stretching chains across the streets as their custom had been, so as to keep people out of their city whom they did not want in. He said the people considered this as one of their few especial rights." "What did you find out, Edna" "Not much; only that he married when very young a vain woman named Isabella, and that it was a sadly unfortunate marriage." "Good !" said Professor Carman. "I sincerely hope you will each make these lessons the subject of conversa-tion. It is the very best way to keep them fixed in your minds; and if we have our minds stored with useful facts and historical truths, there will not be much room left for trash." "It seems to me, professor, that if King Charles be-came a maniac, that left the country without any king," said practical Jack. "It was in a sad condition, indeed. The Duke of Or-leans, who was the king's brother, and the Duke of Bur-gundy, his uncle, were in a perpetual struggle for the chief power. Then when the old uncle died, his son, John the Fearless, entered into the unhappy strife, with great eagerness. Meanwhile, with a crazy man at the helm, poor France became a hot-bed of strife and robbery and violence." "Was he insane all the time, or only occasionally?" asked Julia March. "No; he had intervals of comparative soundness of mind. His first serious attack was when the young king was only twenty-four. How sad it seems to think of his unhappy fate: his madness incurable, his friends false, 