192 A.1MC1bJFflLCAW STENTIEINTIElb. VOL. 10, No. 24. NEW YORK, JUNE 13, 1895. CVŠ, ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. WE are indebted to Mr. D. W. Reavis, of Atlanta, Ga., for the excellent report of the Nash trial at Amory, Miss., which we print on another page. THE preachers of Toledo, Ohio, are up in arms against Sunday baseball. There is a State law in Ohio against Sunday ball games, and it will doubtless be enforced. OUR first-page article this week is somewhat long, and by some may be thought " dry," but it will well repay not only careful reading but study. The principles maintained in it are vital and far-reaching and ought to be under-stood by everyone who values human liberty, whether in civil or in religious things. We trust the article will receive more than passing attention, and that its length will deter no one from reading it. MR. W. H. FALCONER, Winnipeg, Mani-toba, sends us the details of an attempt re-cently made there to compel Seventh-day Adventists to cease working on Sunday. As usual, the work complained of was quiet farm work that could not possibly cause anybody other than mental disturbance. At the time of writing, June 2, no arrests had been made, but the offending parties had been visited and threatened by the authorities. We will print Mr. Falconer's communication next week. THE latest attempted barbarism in the in-terests of Sunday sacredness(?) is the effort of the "missionaries" at Ellis Island to have it closed on Sunday. -The effort failed as it de-served to do. The employds at the island now have two Sundays off out of three, and will be on duty only on alternate Sundays during the fall and winter. The " mission-aries " who would keep hundreds of immi-grants cooped up on shipboard from Saturday evening until Monday morning in the interest of their Sunday propaganda, should go and "learn what that meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice." A DISPATCH, published in the Mail and Express, of the 8th inst., runs thus:Š CINCINNATI, O., June 8.ŠGeorge Boehm, of this city, deserted the Franciscan Brotherhood Thursday night and escaped from the monastery near Louisville, Ky. He is only twenty years old, but has been at the monastery since he was sixteen. He grew tired of the restraint, and escaped from a window before a reply to his application for release could be received from Rome. By what right do Roman Catholics imprison people in this country and hold them subject to orders from Rome? Does Rome suspend the writ of habeas corpus at will in the United States of America? MARTIN LUTHER, though dead, yet speak-eth. The German Lutheran paper, Die Rundschau, of Chicago, is watching the signs of the times and interpreting their meaning with a keenness of perception that is truly refreshing. After narrating in its issue of May 22 the humiliating course of certain Christian Endeavorers in petitioning Satolli to degrade " Father " Phelan as a punish-ment for his grossly false charges against the morality of the members of the society, the wide-awake Lutheran editor comments thus:Š " In fine, we have this yet to say: no one is more powerfully playing into the*  hands of popery than is the false Protestantism of our day. There be few to-day that do clearly perceive this and are preparing for the consequences. And, as detrimental as are the consequences to our land, they cannot and will not fail to transpire, if the eyes of the ' Protestants' of America are-not opened in time, and if they do not, above all, rid themselves of the pope and all popery." ON the 2nd inst. there went into effect a new Sunday statute in this State forbidding barbering on Sunday, except in New York City and Saratoga, and requiring shops in these places to close at 1 p.m. on that day. The act was passed professedly in the interests of the " overworked" barbers; but a thou-sand Brooklyn barbers, in mass-meeting as-sembled, resolved a few days since, to test the constitutionality of the statue in the Ł cour ts,,  and took steps to raise the necessary funds. About the same time a poor German barber, whose business had been ruined by the new order of things, committed suicide because he could no longer make a living. Sunday was his only good day, as during the rest of the week he could scarcely pay expenses. The new " law " is of course a benefit to the New York shops, as many Brooklyn men now get shaved in this city on Saturday evening before going home, who formerly patronized Brook-lyn shops on Sunday. The act is unequal, unjust, and ought to be declared unconstitu-tional, as it certainly is. AT a recent meeting of the United Societies for Liberal Sunday Laws, held- in this city, Hon. Otto Kempner, Chairman of the Com-mittee of Agitation, reported that the com-mittee had decided to issue a circular to all the trades unions of this city and vicinity asking their cooperation toward a monster two days' demonstration, next September, in favor of the liberal Sunday movement. It will be held on Sept. 25 and 26. Quite an elaborate program has been prepared for this demonstration.- On the first day, says the circular, it is proposed to have a civic and industrial parade, in which all the societies and representatives of the trades and industries of the city are asked to participate. On the second day there will be a public reception, to be followed by a series of symbolical tableaux, illustrating the many unjust phases of the Sunday closing law. On both days there will be prize games among the societies participat- ing, and athletic and dramatic entertainments. The object of the festival is to afford the general public an opportunity of expressing its sympathy with the cause of rational Sun-day liberty. We predict that this movement will amount to nothing. Doubtless many of the societies to take part in it have already forfeited their right to protest against Sunday legislation by asking the State to forbid certain kinds of business on that day, as for instance, the keeping open of barber shops, etc. The only effective opposition to Sunday laws is opposition based upon correct principles of separation of Church and State. A PETITION " to the authorities" is being circulated in Rhea County, Tenn., praying that the Sunday law shall be more strictly ob-served than heretofore. The G-raysville Ad-ventists know what that means and are pre-paring for whatever may come at the July term of the Circuit Court. The regular time for the third quarterly meeting of the year in all the Adventist churches is the first Sabbath in July, which, this year, comes on the 6th. But as eleven of the male members of the church, including the elder, are likely to be in prison at that time, the meeting will be held one week earlier, namely, June 29. The story is thus told in a private letter written by one of the indicted Adventists to a minister of the denomination, whom he urges to be present at the meeting referred to:Š We have changed our quarterly meeting so as to come one week earlier this time. As the .usual time of holding  the meeting comes the same week that the Circuit Court for this county is in session, and as it is more than probable that a large number of the male members of the church will be in jail, we have con-cluded to make this change. . . . Has there ever before been a quarterly meeting among us changed for such a reason ? . . . We are living in a wonder-ful time. May the dear Lord help us. The brethren are all well, and good courage is felt in the hearts of all. Our meetings are better and bet- ter as week succeeds week. Don't forget us at the throne of grace. The writer of the letter from which this extract is made, is a man of intelligence and refinement. He was an officer in the Union Army during the Rebellion, was subsequently a member of the Iowa Legislature, and has for a number of years been an official member of the Seventh-day Adventist church at Grays-ville. He is one of the most gentle, inoffensive and exemplary Christian men to be found anywhere, loved and respected by all who know him; but the first week in July is almost certain to see him a convicted inmate of the Rhea County Jail. Such is the practical working of the Tennessee Sunday statute. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $1.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 