50 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. living therein, between the ages of six and sixteen years inclusive, in the common branches of knowl-edge, and in virtue, morality, and the principles of the Christian religion. But no money raised by taxation imposed by law, or any money or other property or credit belonging to any municipal organization, or to any State, or to the United States, shall ever be appropriated, applied, or given to the use or purposes of any school, institution, corporation, or person, whereby instruction or training shall be given in the doctrines, tenets, belief, ceremonials, or observances peculiar to any sect, denomination, organization, or society, being, or claiming to be, religious in its character, or such peculiar doctrines, tenets, belief, ceremonial, or observances b^ taught or inculcated in the free public schools. "SEC. 3. Tot lie end that each State, the United States, and all Cie people thereof, may have and preserve Governments republican in form, and in substance, the United States shall guarantee to every State, and to the people of. every State, and of the United States, the support and maintenance of such a system of free public schools as is herein provided. "SEC. 4. That Congress shall enforce this article by legislation when necessary." This joint resolution was introduced into the Senate on the 25th of May, 1888, and after being read twice, was ordered to lie on the table. It remained there until December 22, 1888, when Mr. Blair, having obtained the consent of the Senate, called it up, and had it referred to the Committee on Education and Labor. The Charleston News and Courier has printed quite a number of letters from Southern college presidents and professors, concerning this bill, most of them favoring it on the ground that it would be a help to the Southern States. None of them look at the religious features of the bill, but only to the material help which it promises. It is this which will lead many to overlook the very objectionable clause in it; yet even this is con-demned by some who are in the South, where the greatest benefit would be received in this line. Thus, Prof. C. F. Smith, of Vanderbilt University, Nashville, Tennessee, says:Š " At first I was favorably inclined to the bill, as I feared that most of, the Southern States would not be able to bear the burden of illiteracy thrust upon them by the Civil War. . . . I am now opposed to the bill on general principles. I do not believe that many of the Southern States really need this help. . . . Granted, however, that in many, or even most of the Southern States, the im-mediate result would be good, Šthat is, that more men would, in the next few years, be able to read and write with this help than without it,Šin the long run I fear we should be more injured than benefited. Unless States are different from indi-viduals, the policy of helping them to do what, even with great effort, they might do for them-selves, could only end in making them dependent." President J. P. Crowell, of Trinity College, North Carolina, is in favor of the bill because of the material help which will be afforded to the States, although he acknowledges that it is defect-ive as a measure of financial administration, and on constitutional grounds, admitting that it will "stretch the Constitution till it cracks." Prof. E. C. Woodward, of South Carolina Col-lege, Columbia, says: "The South needs additional educational facilities, but this bill does not offer the educational aid most needed by our people." President W. S. Candler, of Emory College, Oxford, Georgia, says :Š "In view of the sore need for more and better educational facilities in the South, I am strongly tempted to indorse the bill, but my judgment, un-biased by such considerations, is that the bill is not to be approved. I do not believe that the general Government is authorized to make any such appro- briation to the cause of education. As to its possi-le effect on the South I cannot speak, so confidently,  but I fear it would be disappointing as a method of popular education, and, besides, would teach our people a parental view of this Government which would be vicious in its results. We need something more than money to educate the people, and there are many evils we can endure with less danger than we can invite a revolutionary departure from the constitutional functions of the National Govern-ment." From the quotations already made, all of which have been copied from Public Opinion, January 26, 1889, it appears that the amendment is not to be commended even aside from its religious features, to which we shall now give attention. The second section is the one which contains the real point at issue. That requires each State to "establish and maintain a system of free public schools, adequate for the education of all the children living therein, between the ages of six and sixteen years, inclusive, in the common branches of knowledge, and in virtue, morality, and the principles of the Christian religion." It would seem that the most superficial observer could see that this section is in direct opposition to the first, which ways that "no State shall ever make or maintain any law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof;" for it does provide for the establish-ment of a State religion. Some apologists for the bill have sought to evade this, by saying that the amendment does not require the States to main-tain an establishment of religion, but only to maintain schools adequate for the education of children in the principles of the Christian religion. This is the thinnest kind of an evasion; for what would be the sense of maintaining schools adequate for the education of children in the principles of the Christian religion, if those prin-ciples were not taught? What is meant by "schools adequate f,r the education" of children in the principles of the Christian religion? Evi-dently, schools equipped with suitable text-books, and provided with teachers competent to give instruction in those principles. That would involve quite a change from our present school system, for our schools are not now capable of im-parting such instruction. Now it is the height of folly to say that the Government would be at the expense of providing extra text-books and teachers, so as to make the schools adequate for the edu-cation of the children in the 'principles of religion, and yet not require any such instruction to be given. The very fact that the State is required to establish and maintain a system of schools ade-quate for the education of children in the com-mon branches of knowledge, and in virtue, mo-rality, and the principles of the Christian religion," shows that they would be expected to teach those principles, just as much as the common branches of knowledge. E. J. w. (To be continued.) WE are informed that there are some people who keep the seventh day of the week, who ob-ject to the Blair Sunday Bill, on the ground that they would be oppressed if it should become a law; and that they would not object to the bill if it made an exemption in their favor. With all respect for the good people who take such a posi-tion, we must say that it is purely a selfish one, and selfishness, as they will find, never gains for its possessor any permanent good. Those who labor for exemption clauses in Sunday laws, thereby give their influence in favor of such laws, and when the laws are enacted they may be counted as having contributed to that end. But upon trial, it will be found that exemption clauses are inconsistent with the succesful enforcement of  Sunday laws, and will not long be retained; and then when those people are oppressed, they will have the comfort of knowing that they themselves are in part the cause of their own suffering. No, friends, base your opposition on the broad ground of true Christian charity, which has equal regard for the rights of all men. Ł The Blair Sunday Bill Unconstitutional. THE Blair Sunday Bill proposed to "promote" the observance of the first day of the week "as a day of religious worship." It is a religious bill wholly. The title of the bill not only says that its ob-ject is "to promote its [the Sunday] observance as a day of religious worship," but the first sec-tion defines the Lord's day; the second section refers to it as a day of worship and rest; section three refers to it as a day of "religious worship;" section four refers to it as a day of "religious worship ;" and section six declares that the pro-visions of the bill shall be construed so as to secure to the whole people rest "and the religious observ-ance of the Sabbath-day." The word "civil" is not in the bill. It is religious legislation, and that only. But any sort of religious legislation by Congress is unconstitutional. Therefore the Blair Sunday Bill is unconstitutional. This we shall now prove. All the powers of Congress are delegated pow-ers. It has no other power; it cannot exercise any other. Article 10 of amendments to the Constitution expressly declares that,Š - "The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by,  it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people." In all the powers thus delegated to Congress, there is no hint of any power to legislate upon any religious question, or in regard to the observ-ance of any religious institution or rite. There-fore, Senator Blair's Sunday Bill, being a relig-ious bill, is unconstitutional; and any legislation with regard to it will be unconstitutional. More than this, Sunday being a religious institution, any legislation by Congress in regard to its ob-servance will be unconstitutional as long as the United States Constitution shall remain as it now is. Nor is this all. This would be true if the first amendment to the Constitution were not there as it is. But the Nation has not been left in doubt as to whether the failure to delegate this power was or was not intentional. The first amend-ment to the Constitution, in declaring that "Con-gress shall make no law respecting an establish-ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," shows that the failure to delegate such power was intentional, and makes the intention emphatic by absolutely prohibiting Congress from exercising any power with regard to religion. It would be impossible to frame a law on the subject of religion that would not in some way prohibit the free exercise of religion. Therefore the first amendment to the Constitution absolutely pro-hibits Congress from ever making any law with regard to any religious subject, or the observance of any religious rite or institution. Senator Blair's bill, being a religious bill, is shown by this second count to be unconstitutional. The National Reformers know, and have been contending for twenty-five years, that for Con'gress to make any Sunday laws would- be unconstitu-tional. Yet the National Reform Association is one of the most prominent agencies in urging for. 