AMERICAN SENTINEL. 267 obey the first commandment will not keep the fourth,  even though they see clearly that it has :never been changed." Russian Tyranny in Finland. "Lutheran Observer." WE have repeatedly called attention to the recent determination of the Russian government to Russianize the inhabitants of Finland, and of their efforts and pro-tests against the tyrannical measures to deprive them of their rights and liberties. While among the most loyal of the Czar's subjects, they have from time imme-morial been free to conduct their own local government. But all this is now prohibited by an imperial manifesto. The Finns in America have protested against this des-potic movement, and the following letter and appeal from a Finnish lady will convey some idea of the feeling that prevails in Finland in regard to it:Š "Terrible things have happened to poor Finland. We are crushed as a free nationŠour Constitution is crushed and annihilated. The Czar . . . had sworn to keep our laws undefiled, and yet he has broken his Im-perial word. We cannot utter a single' word in our defense; newspapers are, by utterly severe "censure," condemned to silenceŠnot a groan of despair may rise from our ranks. The Imperial Manifesto, making an end of our most precious national treasure, could not be published in due order by our official papers on account of the printers' refusal to print that which is our death doom. Russian printers, knowing a little Finnish and Swedish, had to do it! The people are mourning as only our nation is capable of doingŠdeeply, silently, utterly hopeless as our state is! "And why has this been done to us, who always have been the Czar's most loyal and obedient subjects? Just now, when Europe is invited to participate in the Peace Congress in St. Petersburg, and Mr. is ar- ranging his 'Peace Crusade' to glorify the author! How we wish that Britain, always ready to help the oppressed, would speak in our defense! Mighty England could help us, not with army or navy, but with its moral support, and by its influence upon the public mind. The eyes of Britons ought to be opened to see what the Czar means in his renowned manifesto of peace, by the free developŁ meat of minor nations! We should like you to see the gulf between theory and practice, now made manifest in Finland. Do what you can, speak to every one about our national misfortune. Do help us! Statesmen, clergy, all ought to know what a wrong has been committed, in silence against a peaceful nation, which has lived its happy, lawful (law abiding) life under the scepter of the Czar, and now is doomed to perish! . . All Finnish ladies are wearing black now." Some years ago the Evangelical Alliance interposed its influence with the Czar against the persecution of the Stundists in that country; and we respectfully submit that this persecution of the Finns furnishes a;:similar occasion for its interposition. It is true:that the:perse-cution of the Stundists was a religious persecution; but  as the Finns are Lutherans, the movement to deprive them of their rights of education and worship is also really a religious persecution, and comes within the sphere of the Alliance for its action in behalf of religious freedom. We therefore respectfully submit the case of the Finns as a proper one for the interposition of the Alliance. Chaplains in Congress. SOME early history of the opposition to chaplains in Congress, in which the merits of the question were clearly set before that body, is given in the pamphlet "A Con-spiracy Against the Republic," noticed before in our columns. The author quotes from speeches made on the floor of Congress, and reported in the Congressional Globe. These speeches are worthy of note because they form a part of Congressional history, and because they are equally pertinent to the situation to-day. The opposition to chaplains in Congress, says the author of this pamphlet, "appears to have first made itself known at the first session of the 26th Congres." Continuing, he says:Š "On the 27th of December, 1839, a motion was made in the House to reconsider the vote by which the resolution of the Senate relative to the appointment of chaplains, was concurred in. "Mr. Cooper, of Georgia, said he believed the House had proceeded in ,this matter without just and proper authority. He believed the effect of the employment to be evil. Who is the chaplain? Is he an officer of this House? By what authority do you appoint him? If there was any authority, he wished to be pointed to it. What are the effects of the practice? they seemed to be evil. The resolution, to be sure, proposed to elect two chaplains of different denominations, but notwithstand-ing this, he objected to it, because this matter of relig-ious denominations should not be agitated in this House. This matter of sectarianism might create no difficulty for some time, but a time might come when it would. " 'It is not two hundred years since a king of England was required to make a formal declaration of religious tolerance. It is not one hundred years since a man in this land of liberty dare not think religiously as he pleased; and it is scarce fifty years ago when, by the adoption of our Constitution, it was found necessary to declare that no religious tests should be required. " 'All history tells us that this matter is one which never failed to force itself on every government, and to connect itself with every organic movement, for the pur-pose of carrying out its objects. "'Does the devout man come here to make mer-chandise of his calling? Here, then, if I am not mis-informed, is the place where men in high places meet to drive bargains. Here, too, he may have his contract signed, sealed, and delivered, whereby, for and in con-sideration of a certain number of prayers, suitably short, a given number of sermons not too long, singing ex-cepted, by him the said chaplain uttered and delivered, 