"IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS, AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT." Jesus Christ. VOLUME 14. NEW YORK, DECEMBER 21, 1899. NUMBER 50 Published in the interests of Religious LibertyŠChris-tian and Constitutional. WAny one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. (Entered at the New York Postofdee.) A "SECULAR" government is simply one that does no) interfere with any man's religion. .4 .4 No RELIGION ever becomes so bad by itself as any religion when it is forced upon people by law. .38 THE "divine will in civil affairs" is that we should not render to Caesar the things that belong to God. .4 .4 No MAN can save the Sabbath while he is lost him-self; and no man while he is saved can lose the Sabbath. ot THE rights of men are preserved by the laws of men; but a higher law is necessary to preserve the rights of God. THE civil law is not designed to supplement the will-power of any person, or to supply a moral deficiency in the makeup of his character. ot THE representatives of the people that are chosen fin civil government, are not chosen to represent the people in religion. GOD has promised to write his name upon men, and his law in their hearts; but he has never promised to write either of these in the Constitution or any other  document of state. Men may write God's name there; but it will be a forgery unless written by God himself. THAT which is human can be upheld by that which is divine; but human things cannot serve as a founda-tion for things divine, nor do the latter need the sup-port of the human arm. IT is useless for the legislature to say, "Let there be goodness in the place of evil in this community," by enacting "moral" laws. Fiat morality is a far worse humbug than fiat money. There is One who alone has power to say, "Let there be righteousness in the place of iniquity;" and that One is He who by His word cre-ated light in the place of darkness. N. R. Convention Notes and Comment. IN our report of the National Reform convention given last week, some things were merely recorded which should not be passed over without comment. So we give this week the following additional notes, which will outline more fully the nature and scope of this "reform" movement, as revealed on this occasion:Š "We must aim to make our new possessions Chris-tian states. There has been in those places a union of church and state, and this has been most harmful to both the church and the state."ŠBev. D. B. Willson. Yes; "our new possessions" have had in them a union of church and state, which has been "most harm-ful," as such unions always are. And under this union they have been Catholic "Christian states." Is' this therefore a reason why "we" should make them some other kind of "Christian states?" Which religion would you rather the state would enforce? Is not one religion, when it is forced upon people by law, just as bad as another? 