E ICAN SENT1N "IF ANY MAN HEAR MY WORDS. AND BELIEVE NOT, I JUDGE HIM NOT."ŠJesus Chris& ALONZO T. JONES, EDITOR. NEW YORK, MAY 6, 1897. VoL. 12, No. 18. Single Copy, 3 cents. The American Sentinel is published in the interests of religious libertyŠChristian and Constitutional. -Any one receiving the American Sentinel without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore those who have not ordered the Sentinel need have no tears that they will be asked to pay for it. (Entered at the New York Post-office.) Just as we expected, we are receiving orders for thousands of copies of our special Sentinel, of April 29. But knowing that the largest number of orders would be given after the paper had been read by our subscribers, we have planned so that all can secure copies in any quantities desired. Send in your orders. You will not be disappointed with the reply, "None left." While the matter will not soon grow old, it is better to order promptly. One dollar per hundred, eight dollars per thousa nd. Address, American Sentinel, 39 Bond St., New York. THE Bible is not difficult to understand when it is taken as it says. Whoever will allow the Bible to mean what it says, will never have any difficulty in knowing what it means. And whoever will allow that the Author of the Bible is capable of knowing what he wants to say, and that he has clearness of mind enough to say what he wants. to say, just as he wants to say it, will have no difficulty in taking the Bible as it says, and consequently will have no difficulty in understanding it. The Bible comes to us as the Word of God. In itself it claims to be the Word of God. It is the Word of God. And whoever will receive it as the Word of God, will find it to be that. Then to allow that the Author of the Bible had sense enough to know exactly what he wanted to say, and ability to say it just as he wanted to say it, is only to allow that God had sense enough to know  what he wanted to say, and had sufficient clearness of mind to say it as he wanted to. In other words, it is only to allow that God in giving his Word knew what he meant, and meant what he said. When the Bible is taken this way and treated thus, no one will have any difficulty whatever in understand-ing it. And for any man not to take it this way, and not to treat it thus; that is for any man to say that the Bible does not mean what it says, and that it is left for the man himself to say what it meansŠthis is only to claim that he knows better than God just how it ought to have been said, and just what should have been meant. In other words, he puts himself in the place of God. But when the Bible is taken just as it says, and is al-lowed to mean exactly what it says because the Author of it knew well enough what he wanted to say to be able to say just what he meant, it is all plain enough. Even a child can understand it then, for it is written, "Who_ soever shall not receive the kingom of God as a little child, he shall in no case enter therein." Now the Word of God is the word of the kingdom. Through that Word we enter into the kingdom. And as whosoever does not receive that kingdom as a little child, cannot have it, it is perfectly plain that it is intended by the Word that a little child shall understand the Word, and that a little child can understand it. Even grown people must receive it as little children, and must become "as little children" in order to receive it. Any system, therefore, any writing, any way that is taken, by any body, that has a tendency to mystify the sayings of the Bible, to turn them into hard problems or to make them difficult to understand,Ł can never be the right way. And anything offered as an exposition of any doctrine that presents a problem difficult to be under-stood cannot be the truth. Therefore again, it is written, "I fearleseas the serpent beguiled. Eve through his sub-tlety, so your minds should be corrupted from the sim_ plicity that is in Christ." The Word of Christ is simple. His Word is plain. It is as simple as A, B, C. And anything that tends to.  