AMERICAN 73 THERE was a great banquet given the other day in this city,Šthe largest, it is said, that was ever given at an American hotel, as well as "the richest and most re-splendent." It was a banquet given by the "National Association of Manufacturers." * * ABOUT a thousand diners were presentŠmore than could be accommodated in the great dining-room of the ten-million dollar hotel in which the banquet was spread. Nearly all of them were millionaires, the aggregate wealth represented reaching away into the billions, beyond the stretch of the human imagination to picture. It was not a banquet held for the purpose of eating and drinking, but for considering the situation of the country; for it was as representing the country that this great gather-ing of manufacturers had assembled. And it was evident that "the country" is prosperous; no one looking into the great dining room and taking even a momentary glance at the banquet as it was in progress, could have doubted for a moment that "the country" is very prosperous indeed.  them. The people moved at the will of the millionaire manufacturers. Remembering that it is not the tail that wags the body. but the body the tail, it is evident that the millionaire manufacturers, and not the 70,000,000 or more citizens, are "the country." It is in dollars that the millions count, not in mere human individuals. But things have changed in this respect since the days of Jackson and Lincoln. THE "National League for the Protection of American Institutions" is getting ready to fight Sunday baseball, which the leading ball clubs have announced their inten-tion of playing during the coming season. The object, of course, is to prevent the "desecration of the Sab-bath." * THE League should change its name. Baseball is distinctly an "American institution," while the Sabbath is not; yet the League is going to oppose baseball in the interests of the "Sabbath." It is going to oppose an American institution, in order to maintain something en-tirely foreign to such institutions.  * * * ANY person who reads the Bible and history cannot help knowing that the Sabbath is not an American insti-tution; it is a divine institution. And any one who be-lieves the Bible ought to know that a divine institution does not need the protection of an earthly poWer. * * * * THE President of the United States was there, and made a speech. He came expressly from Washington to be present, and he came in his official capacity. It was the only capacity in which he could have come. The con-clave would not have cared a cent for his presence in his own individual capacity; for the President is not a great manufacturer, neither is he a millionaire. But why should the President, as such, come from Washington to do honor to this banquet of wealth? This is a query which we deem pertinent to a consideration of the event. THE President of the United States is the representa-tive of 70,000,000 people,Šthe inhabitants of all the States and Territories. As such he stands for the people. Persons who go to see the President on any mission go to the people. As chief executive of the nation, the Presi-dent is the embodiment of the people. The people are the reality behind every act that is done in official capa-city. They are the real movers, the real actors, in every-thing. * THE manufactures might have gone to Washington, Što the President; but instead, the President came to NOT long ago Emperor William, of Germany, in swearing in some recruits for his army, took occasion to proclaim that a good soldier must necessarily be a goOd Christian. Appreciating the absurdity of this utterance, the editor of a Berlin journal published a cartoon in which the infidel armies of Frederick the Great and Napo-leon, and the heathen armies of Alexander the Great and Leonidas, were represented as reading these words of the emperor's speech; and for this the editor is to be pun-ished for "lese-majesty." It is said, by the way, that about a thousand prosecutions for "lese-majesty" take place in the German empire in the course of a year. Bum the noteworthy point which appears in the pres-ent instance is that while "lese-majesty" sends the of-fender to prison for at least a term of several months, a man who almost at the same time was prosecuted for speaking against God, got a sentence of imprisonment for only eight days; which leads an exchange to remark that Emperor William "is probably the first to carry the impression that he believes in a God of less importance than himself." But just such inconsistencies are always to be found under a system where church and state are united. 