AMERICAN SENTINEL. 219 ing but a sincere effort to do just what he says ought to be doneŠto "enact the will of God into laws." Nobody doubts that Mr. Walters, who introduced this bill, and declares that he did so in all seriousness, and desires to see it passedŠno one doubts the verity of his belief that the Decalogue "the will of God;" and so his perform-ance is directly in accordance with Mr. Lyman Abbott's advice. The fact is, the learned clergyman gave this rec-ommendation under the dominating influence of that old notion that law, somehow or other, is connected with mor-ality. Blackstone blundered in precisely the same way Šbut that is another story, and will do for next week.  other, and for discussing and deciding upon the political operations to be undertaken during the ensuing year." Certain Indian gentlemen consented to act as a reception committee. Near the time for the conference to meet the cholera broke out at Poona and the place of meeting was transferred to Bombay. The actual number of repre-tatives present was seventy-two. Of that meeting an Indian writer said: "In the history of a nation there is always a day which is marked above all the rest, which sows the first seeds of progress, and which lays the foundation of all future greatness. Such was the day when the patriotic barons of England assembled on the little island of Runnymeade to induce their king to sign their great charter of freedom. Such GROUP FROM THE INDIAN CONGRESS, CALCUTTA, INDIA. The Indian Congress. [From our Calcutta Correspondent .I IN March, 1885, one year before the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL began its career, it was decided to hold a confer-ence of representatives from all parts of India at Poona during the Christmas holidays. The object of this con-ference was "to enable earnest laborers in the cause of national progress to become personally known to each  was the day when the American patriots sat in the as-sembly of delegates, and vowed to die for the independ-ence of their country; and such was the day when seventy two Indian patriots first assembled in Gowa,lia Tank House to promote the good of their common coun-try. This union of Indian people after ages of separation and ill-feeling was a great historical event." At a preliminary meeting of the reception committee the name of the conference was changed to congress 