38xmiritiCA_N g  'HUNT .11.1INTIE, VOL. 11, No. 5. to imprisonment ranging from forty to sixty days in the county jail; but they have ap-pealed to the higher court. It is said that the law in, accordanc'e with which this was done is copied almost verbatim from the laws of King Charles II., and is in direct violation of the proclamation of Queen Victoria relative to religious freedom. The men convicted were authorized ministers of the gospel, and their work was given to the church as a matter of charity, IT SHOULD NOT PASS ! [The Sun, New York, January 17.] SENATOR. PAVEY of this town, introduced in the Senate on Monday, a bill to extend the powers of the Parkhurst Society for the "Prevention of Crime." It allows the employment of a superintendent (who may be a director of the society) to conduct all the society's cases before the various tribunals. He is to receive a salary, shall be a peace officer, and shall be empowered to hire any of the other directors of the society as coun-sel. The object sought by this measure is as plain as it is indefensible. The society for the Prevention of Crime has now in its em-ploy counsels who are reimbursed for their professional outlays, and compensated for their professional services out of the money furnished by private contributors to the funds of the society. There is no law which pre-cludes an individual who is in sympathy with, the purposes of a duly incorporated society from contributing to its support; and the directors of such society can expend so much of it as they think necessary for legal proceedings. Senator Pavey's bill is 'a proposition to shift the burden of these expenses from the members of the Parkhurst Society to the people of this city, so that the tax-payers will be called upon to meet the professional charges of the Parkhurst super-intendent and such other directors of the Parkhurst Society as may have been admitted to the practice of law in the courts of this State, but are withont clients. The adoption of such a measure would open a new field of activity for the Board of Directors of the Parkhurst Society, who would be empowered to vote each other sums of money for professional services whether such services were warranted or not. The people of this city are taxed $177,000 this year for the maintenance of the district attorney's office, and there is a further allowance of $20,000 for contingencies aris-ing from the prosecution of cases against delinquents who violate the penal statutes of the State. There is no propriety or just-ification for the payment of an additional sum for outside counsel, not employed by the city or its official representatives, but by an independent and irresponsible society. The provision of the Pavey bill which seeks to, make the superintendent of the Parkhurst Society "a peace officer" is open to similar and equally serious objection. Offi-cial duties and functions should be performed, under the limitations established by law, by individuals who take the prescribed oath and are always amenable to public authority. The bestowal of the power of arresting cit-izens on other citizens who are wholly irre-sponsible to public control and derive their powers from private societies or corporations, is an abuse for which the Legislature is primarily responsible, , and it is time that a halt should be called. In several cases,  recently brought to public notice, these pow-ers have been scandalously abused by agents of the Gerry or Parkhurst Society, and their further extention, as proposed in the bill offered by Mr. Pavey, would be an incite-ment, no doubt, to other acts of an oppressive if not corrupt character. There is a police department in New York costing $6,000,000 a year for enforcing the laws, and a district attorney's office for prosecuting offenders. THE LORD'S DAY. BY E. J. WAGGONER. THE beloved disciple had been banished to the isle of Patmos "for the word of God, and for the testimony of Jesus Christ." Just when this took place is not known with positive certainty, but it was certainly many years after the ascension of Christ. While there he had wonderful visions, and this is how he begins the account of them : "I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and heard behind me a great voice." Rev. 1:10. From this we know that there was a certain day known at that time as the Lord's day, and that John, as a faithful follower of Christ, observed it. We may also know that if the Lord had a special day for his own there, he must have it still. Let us see if we can find out what day it is. The only place where we can surely find it is the Bible. In the fifty-eighth chapter of Isaiah we find the Lord's day mentioned in these words: "If thou turn away thy foot from the Sab-bath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the Sabbath a delight, the holy of the Lord, honorable; and shalt honor him, not doing thy own ways, nor finding thine own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words; then shalt thou delight thyself in the Lord ; and I will cause thee to ride on the high places of the earth, and feed thee with the heritage of Jacob thy father; for the mouth of the Lord bath spoken it." Verses 13, 14. Here the day which the Lord himself calls " My holy day," is " the Sabbath." Now what day is the Sabbath? The Lord himself tells us this, also: "Remember the Sabbath dayl to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in it thou shalt not do any work." Ex. 20: 8-10. It is plain that the SabbathŠthe seventh dayŠis the same day that in Isaiah is called by the Lord "My holy day." With these two texts alone we have found that the Lord's day is the SabbathŠthe seventh day of the week. Therefore the day on which John was in the Spirit, and received visions of God, was the seventh day, the Sabbath. Thus, to put the matter in compact form: The seventh day is the Sabbath; it is the Sabbath of the Lord; it is a holy day, and is to be kept holy; the Lord himself calls it "My holy day;" John was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, therefore John was in the Spirit on the Sabbath day. We have further evidence. At one time Jesus and his disciples went on the Sabbath day through the corn; and his disciples becoming hungry, began to pluck the ears of corn, and to eat. The Pharisees, who were ever on the watch to find something against Jesus, accused his disciples of break-ing the Sabbath. There can be no question as to what day of the week this was, for the Pharisees observed the seventh day of the week strictly, that is, in outward form. So  when they said, "Behold, thy disciples do that which is not lawful to do upon the Sabbath day," they had reference only to the seventh day. This is of value, inci- dently, as showing what day of the week it is that is called the Sabbath day in the New Testament. But Jesus would not allow that his disciples had done wrong in plucking and eating corn on the Sabbath day. Still later, on that same day, when about to heal a man, he said, "It is lawful to do well on the Sabbath days." To the Pharisees he said, in defend-ing his disciples from the false charge of Sabbath-breaking: "If ye had known what this meaneth, I will have mercy, and not sacrifice, ye would not have condemned the guiltless. For the Son of man is Lord even of the Sabbath day." Matt. 12: 7, 8. Since it was the seventh day, which the Pharisees professed to keep, and which they charged the disciples with breaking, it was the seventh day of which Jesus declared himself to be Lord. For "the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." How did Jesus come to be Lord of the seventh-day Sabbath ?ŠBy making it and setting it apart for man's use. Thus, after the account of the six days of creation, we read:Š "Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them, and on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And God blessed the seventh day, and sanc-tified it; because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made." Gen. 2:1-3. The same one who created was the one who rested on she seventh day. But the Lord Jesus Christ is the Creator of all filings as we read in John 1: 1-3; Col.1 : 12-17, and many other places. Christ is the Lord of the seventh-day Sabbath, therefore, by virtue of his being Creator. He says of his people, " I gave them my Sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them." Ezek. 20: 12. So the Sabbath is a sign that in Christ as Creator we have "wisdom and righteousness and sanctification and redemp-tion. " Consequently, the Sabbath must endure as long as the facts of creation endure:.  as long as it is a fact that Christ is Creator, and that he has power to redeem. Hear his words on this point:Š "Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophetsŁ'  I am not come to destroy but to fulfill. For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled." Matt. 5: 17, 18. "And it is easier for heaven and earth to pass than one tittle of the law to fail." Luke 16:17. And though the present heaven and earth pass, they will be created new, 'and the promise is: "For as the new heavens and the new earth, which I will make, shall remain before me, saith the Lord, so shall your seed and your name remain. And it shall come to pass that from one new- moon to another, and from"). one Sabbath to another, shall all flesh come to worship before me, saith the Lord." Isa. 66: 22, 23. THE discussion of a religious question is always a delicate subject; but when a serious blow is given to the liberty of worship in a State of the American Union it becomes the duty of all loyal citizens to protest energetic-ally.ŠLe Canadian. 