THE AMERICAN SEN'TINELŁ 283 belief in the propriety of thus recognizing the Su-preme Being. Mr. Warner, chairman of the preamble com-mittee, would yield to no one in reverence for God, but likened the placing of his name in the constitution to the action of the Pharisee in the Scripture. He didn't believe it essential there any more than is the Lord's prayer. It was merely a sentiment. If the convention wants to put it there he should not object, but lie should vote against putting it there. Mr. Griffitts had hoped no such discussion would arise here, and he believed the gentleman offering it would do a great favor if, with the con-sent of the convention, he would withdraw it. A voiceŠHe couldn't get it. Mr. GriffittsŠFrom at least one speech I have heard I should judge he could not, but this action places the opponents of this measure in n peculiar position, from which I shall not shrink, I am not called upon to proclaim my personal religious be-liefs, and shall not do so. The only question, here is whether the preamble, as reported by the committee, is a sufficient preface to the constitu-tion which follows. It certainly is sufficient, for what follows is simply political and does not pro-fess to deal with man's religious views. A ma-jority of the State constitutions, as well as that of the United States, commit this sacrilege and: ir-reverence of leaving out God in the preamble. Mr. Turner's substitute is almost an exact copy of the United States Constitution, with the addition of the words "profoundly grateful to,  Almighty God," etc. If seeking immigration involved the necessity of reverence to God in the constitution, then the United States ought to have its Consti-tution covered all over with references to God, for immigration was the one great thing they wanted. He cited the following States as having no refer-ence to God in the preamble : Arkansas, Delaware, Florida, Georgia (1818), Illinois, Indiana, Kan-sas (1855), Kentucky (1792), Louisiana, Mary-land (but did.put God into a later constitution), Michigan (1835), and said he might go further with the Carolinas, Virginia, and others. Mr. GosgroveŠDoes recognizing God in the constitution recognize religion ? Mr. GriffittsŠAt  is well known that a great dis-cussion has been going on over this very matter, and I merely wish to avoid provoking any more such discussion. If omitted, nobody's feelings can be hurt or his opinion oppOsed. I would strike out the slightest reference to anybody's religious belief. We are dealing only with civil and po-litical rights, and should not transcend our prov-ince by putting into the constitution these words to which some people object. Mr. Turner didn't care to follow the last speaker in examination of the constitution, but where he referred to the earlier constitutions of States, it was a fact that later constitutions in the same States did have reference to God in the preamble. This was a matter of sentiment, he admitted, It also represented his own personal sentiment, and he believed alSo the sentiments of 999 out of every 1,000 of adults of the State for whom we are making this constitution, and the convention would simply be recreant to their trust if they did not represent this sentiment in the preamble. Mr. T. M. Reed cordially coincided with the last speaker and claimed that no religious ques-tion or discussion was here presented, except so far as the gentleman from Spokane (Griffitts) had raised it. The substitute merely proposed to rec-ognize gratitude to Almighty God, which he be- lieved was the fact with the people of this State and country. Mr. Eshelman was indifferent as to the placing of the name of the Deity in the constitution, but supported Mr. Turner's substitute as a far better form of words, aside from this question of Deity- --although he was in favor of the whole substitute. Mr. Sullivan, of Pierce, said : "I believe the report of this committee should be sustained. It is certainly an able committee, and they considered the subject carefully before they came in here and made this report. The argument we hear, that if we do not put our gratitude into the constitution, it will prevent immigration to this Territory, it seems to me is on a very low basis. The Con-stitution that has been referred to here, the su-preme law of the land, did not have God in it, and yet certainly there has been a reasonable amount of immigration to this country, and the class of people- who came here are reputable citizens. I say that the argument is no argument at all. I would ,haVe little respect for the men who would remain away simply because in this political or-ganization the name of the Deity was not men-tioned. This is not a question of gratitude. As well might we express our gratitude to the Congress of the United States, who really permitted us to meet here. And how many members of this con-vention, if arraigned before the Almighty God this morningŠand he were to select those who were profoundly grateful in the highest senseŠhow many members would be selected by the Al-mighty God. If we treat it as a political matter, how would he respond to that, coming from a political organization, as to its gratitude to him ? I believe simply that it is a matter of sentiment in the convention, and not a question of absolute principle. For this reason I oppose it." Mr. J. Z. Moore regretted the bringing of this question here, but being here, he should discuss it. He had never been a member of any relig-ious body and did not speak from that stand-point, but he supported the substitute as being pleasing to that great body of the people who profoundly and sincerely believe in God. As to those who deny God, they being simply in a neg-ative position, need not feel hurt. As to Mr. Griffitts' statement about constitutions, he was wrong if he meant to claim that a majority of the present constitutions had no reference to God. After having this up for discussion, a refusal to put it into the constitution was a bad example to the youth of a growing State. Mr. Comegys asked if the United States Con-stitution was a bad example to youth. Mr. MooreŠAccording to the tenor of my re-marks it would seem so. Mr. BuchananŠMay I answer the gentle-man ? The ChairŠMr. Moore has the floor. Mr. MooreŠI yield to the gentleman from Adams (Buchanan) for that purpose. Mr. BuchananŠI have always considered that the real preamble to the United States Con-stitution was the Declaration of Independence, which distinctly and repeatedly acknowledges God. Mr. MooreŠThree times in the Declaration of Independence do the signers thereof recognize God, and in our annual Thanksgiving-day the whole nation recognizes God. Mr. Tibbetts said lie occupied exactly the same position as the last speaker, and should heartily support the substitute. Mr. Sullivan, of Whitman, said he should have  supported the report of the committee if it bad put God into the constitution, and should stand by it now. If there was anything he had con,-tempt for it was doing anything for show and buncombe. To put this in or to leave it out means absolutely nothing. It is all stuff and nonsense, and nothing more or less. If this is left out, what detriment will it be to the people of this State or God? The Supreme Being pays no attention to this conVention, or any other political gathering, or to anything else save the motives of a man. Mr. Chairman, I hope this convention will presently quit this moonshine. The greatest disgrace that has fallen on this convention since it assembled in this city has been the spending of so much time on this stuff and nonsense. Mr. PowerŠI call the gentleman to order for imputing such motives to delegates. Mr. CosgroveŠAs he is taking up the greater portion of the time himself, he is simply com-menting on his own motion. Mr. BuchananŠThe gentleman is entirely out, of order; he is imputing the basest motives to gentlemen who have spoken most reverently on this subject. The ChairŠThe gentleman is in order, but getting very close to the line. [Laughter.] Sullivan continuing, said : " If I remember right, the Bible says there is a time and a place for everything. It also says don't take my name in vain.' The convention therefore should not place or put the name in anywhere simply to tickle the ear of any individual or set of individ-uals." Mr. Turner desired to speak, but was ruled out having spoken once, so long as others wished to speak. Mr. Dyer believed the making of a constitu-tion was one of the most sacred and solemn duties that could be performed. We are not to discuss revealed or natural religion. From the begin-ning of history, all people have had a God, and he believed in beginning this great constitution by recognizing the Supreme Being, whether as God, Allah or Jehovah, and expressing gratitude to him. Mr. Godman- regretted the turn this debate had taken. He recognized the great value of the teachings of Christ, and reverenced asonauch as any man the supreme intelligence, but lie be-lieved the convention should deal with things seen, things practical, and not with sentiment,,or mystery, with which the convention had no busi-ness to meddle. The matter is immaterial, and I will support the report of the committee. I do not think that the substitute, if adopted, would increase our commerce or the fertility of the soil. If it had been there, I would have left it there. It is a mere matter of senti-ment, and I do not believe in higging sentiment into this constitution. If 999 asked to have any-thing done for sentiment and one opposed it on principle, I would stand by the man of princi-ple. , Mr. Sturdevant said : "I cannot say, with my colleague, Mr. E. H. Sullivan, that had this mat-ter been placed in the preamble by the committee that I should have voted for it, for my feelings are such as would not permit me to do so, not for the reason that I do not entertain the greatest rev-erence for a Supreme Being, but for this reason : Ł I consider that this is simply a business meeting; I consider that the people of Washington Terri-tory have sent us here to this Constitutional Con,- 