THE AMV,IRICAN SENTINEL. 179 the truth. As reported in the Lutheran Ob-server of December 21, 1888, Mr. Crafts him-self said of the Blair bill: "The bill which has been introduced makes Sunday the ideal Sabbath of the Puritans, , hich day shall be occupied only by worship;" and everybody who has read that bill knows that it was designed to stop all Sun-day labor and business, works of " necessity and humanity" only excepted, in all places subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States, no matter by whom that labor might be per-formed. Under that bill, had it become a law, a private citizen could have been fined for digging potatoes, mending a wagon brake, plowing a field, or painting a church on Sunday, just as men have been fined under similar laws in some of the States, notably in Arkansas. And nobody knows this any better than does the field secretary of the so-called American Sabbath Union. It does seem that while professing so much regard for the law of God; and especially for the fourth com-mandment, Mr. Crafts should not entirely over-look the ninth precept of the. decalogue. 'I,  The "Voice" of Church and State. NOT long since the AMERICAN SENTINEL said this: " Let everybody be assured that work done for party prohibition is work done to promote the union of Church and State, and to bind the citizens of the United States in a worse slavery than was ever suffered by the negroes. We can-not any longer in good conscience call the third party the Prohibit .ion party, for temperance is by no means its main issue." `Upon which the New York Voice, the leading Prohib. ionist paper of this country, said this:Š " There is an air of delightful indefiniteness about this charge. It seems from the context that an un-known ' Prohibition politician' glided into a room where the editor of the AMERICAN SENTINEL and others were, made the statement that Church and State meant Prohibition, and left as mysteriously as he entered,Land Lthe conclusion is what we have quoted above. " Such accusations are childish The utterances of the party in its platform in any way bearing on this subject are " 1. Acknowledging Almighty God as the source of all power in Government ; ' and, "2. `Declaring for the pre'servation and defense of the Sabbath as a civil institution, without oppressing any who religiously observe the same on any other than the first day of the week.' " The first can be subscribed to by any person who believes that there is a God, and the second by any person who has ordinary common sense. We never heard of a prominent Prohibitionist who favored the -union of Church and State." And in reply we say this: Take the last state-ment first. The Voice says it has " never heard 'of a prominent Prohibitionist who favored the union of Church and State." Now Mr. Sam Small is a prominent Prohibitionist ; one of the most prominent of Prohibitionists, in fact. He was secretary of the National Prohibition Con-vention of 1888, and he publicly declared this in Kansas City, in January of that year :Š "I want to see the day come when the church shall be the arbiter of all legislation, State, national, and municipal ; when the great churches of the coun-try can come together harmoniously and issue their edict, and the legislative powers will respect it and enact it into laws." If that would not be a union of Church and State will the Voice please tell us what would be? If that would not be a union of Church and State then there never has been and never can be any such thing as a union of Church and  State. Such a thing as that, therefore, being a union of Church and State, and Mr. Sam Small being a prominent Prohibitionist, it is proved that there is at least one prominent Prohibitionist who favors a union of Church and State. Further we take it that the Prohibition party of the State of California is rather a " prominent Prohibitionist." And when in the State con-vention of 1887 a speaker showed opposition to a union of Church and State he was yelled and hissed down. This is a second "prominent Pro-hibitionist" that favors a union of Church and State. And we can honestly inform the Voice that there are thousands more of them in the Prohibition party; and that, as a matter of fact, the Prohibition party at present exists for scarcely any other purpose than the inculcation of Church and State principles. We need not go beyond the above extract from the Voice to prove that it itself advocates Church and State principles. It gives two planks of the Prohibition party platform as having a bearing on the subject; and the second of these declares " for the preservation and defense of the Sab-bath as a civil institution without oppressing any who religiously observe the same on any other than the first day of the week." Now if it is with civil institutions, and civil things,Łonly in a civil way, that the Prohibition party has to do, why then does that party by its national declaration demand the religious ob-servance of a day. It proposes to refrain from oppressing only those who religiously observe the Sabbath on any other than the first day of the week. That plainly argues that the Prohibition party does not hold itself under obligation to re-frain from oppressing those who do not religiously observe the Sabbath on any day. This plainly shows that the Prohibition party declares for the enforcement of religious observances. The en-forcing of religious observances by the civil power is nothing else than a union of Church and State. Therefore the National Prohibition party itself, by its own declaration, favors a union of Church and State. As for us, we forever deny the right of the Prohibition party, or any other, to oppress any-body, whether he religiously observes the Sab- bath or not. A. T. J. How It Disturbs Them. THE Kings County Sunday Association of New York declares that " the delivery of ice-cream after ten o'clock Sunday morning has proven a source of annoyance to many sections of the city, and has disturbed public worship in many of our churches." It is really too bad that worship in the churches should be disturbed by such an iniquitous traffic as ice-cream dealing. Why do not the churches prosecute these men for disturbing their worship ? New York has a law making it an offense against the public peace to disturb religious worship. Perhaps our question will be answered by, studying the case a little further. It is of interest to know, and a proper subject of inquiry, just how it is that this disturb-ance in the churches is caused. We have the answer in full in the same paragraph in which the other statement is found. It is as follows:Š " We regret to state that many church people ab-solutely ignore their duty in these premises, by re-quiring ice-cream to be delivered to them for their Sunday dinner. It is safe to say that many profess-edly Christian people require ice-cream dealers to keep their places of business open, and scores em-ployes to do work on Sunday, contrary to law, be- sides requiring the services of horses and wagons, merely to gratify a selfish appetite and serve mere personal gratification." That explains how the worship is disturbed by the ice-cream dealers. The church-members must have their ice-cream for dinner. The deal-ers, therefore, are compelled to traverse the streets about church-time; and so worship in the church is grievously disturbed by the iniquitous traffic of the ungodly ice-cream dealers. This fully explains why it is that these ice-cream dealers are not prosecuted for the disturb-ance of worship. The church-members insist on having their ice-cream for dinner, the dealers have to deliver it in time, and a prosecution in such a case for disturbance of worship, wouldn't wear a very good face in any court of justice. Consequently, under cover of the complaint of disturbance of worship, the church managers de-mand laws of the State by which they can pro-hibit the ice-cream traffic on Sunday, and thus secure the enforcement of church discipline--by which, in other words, they can compel the church-members not to create a disturbance of their own worship by getting ice-cream for their dinner! The Missouri Sabbath Association. THEY have organized an auxiliary to the American Sabbath Union in Missouri. It is styled the "Missouri Sabbath Association." The organization was effected at the Sabbath Observ-ance Convention recently held at Sedalia. Arti-cle 1 of the constitution says: "The object of' this association shall be to preserve the Christian Sabbath, or Lord's day, as a day of rest and worship." Of course the usual asseverations were made in the convention that it was not a religious but a civil Sabbath that is sought; but they could not forego the declaration that it is to be a day of worship. Notwithstanding their stereotyped claims to the contrary, this design always comes to the surface in every move the National Re-formers make. The fact is, that is the main point, and their small sheep-skin is far too short at both ends to cover so large a wolf. The hostility of the convention to civil and re-ligious liberty was manifested when a gentleman (Elder R. C. Porter), who had been invited to participate in the proceedings, offered the follow-ing resolution WHEREAS, The The principle of equality of rights as set forth in the Declaration of Independence, and incor-porated in the Constitution of the United States, by securing to all citizens equal protection of the laws, and as is expressed by our Saviour in the golden rule, is the only true principle of civil and religious lib-erty; and, WHEREAs, The rights of conscience of a minority are as sacred as those of the majority, and should be equally respected; therefore, Resolved, That it is the object of this association that the principle of equality of rights, both civil and religious, guaranteed to all citizens by our Con-stitution as it now stands, should be maintained; and that we will strenuously oppose any movement that will endanger the rights of conscience of any citizen, or deprive them of equal protection of the laws of the State of Missouri or of the United States. It was moved by the author, and seconded by Elder D. S. Donnell, that this resolution be sub- stituted for article 1 of the constitution, quoted above. Rev. W. D. Gray, secretary of the conven-tion, then said: "Mr. Chairman, I move you that the resolution be laid on the table." The motion was carried. 