680 AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN exchange remarks that "the proposition to change the spelling of Sunday to Sonday, in recognition of the Son of God, is being pressed upon the attention of Catholics, who receive it with favor." it THERE is much truth in this observation by a man whom misfortune placed behind the walls of Sing Sing prison: "A new publication is named 'What to Eat.' It should be supplemented by another entitled 'How to Get It.'" THE annual report of the Secretary of War, which is said to be completed and in the hands of the Government printer, is understood to recommend the permanent in-crease of the regular standing army to 100,000 men. Ł WITH the approach of the date for the convening of Congress, a widespread agitation is being raised, chiefly by religious organizations, against allowing Congress-man-elect B. H. Roberts, the Utah polygamist, to take a seat in the national legislature. The Utah law against polygamy is also being more rigidly enforced, and sev eral Mormons of high standing in the church, including President Snow, have been prosecuted under it. * THE military governor of Porto Rico, Gen. G. W. Davis, has made an adverse report to the Government on the question of the fitness of the Porto Ricans for political freedom. Summed up, it amounts to the state-ment that "The natives of Porto Rico are not now and never will be capable of self government." * If this is true of Porto Rico, how much less than this can be true of Cuba, inhabited by the same classes of people, and subjected for centuries to the same political and social conditions? Evidently this report will not do anything to hasten the political freedom of Cuba. * AT the session of the Universalist conference in Bos-ton, Oct. 25, the following resolution was moved by Rev. Dr. Powers, of New York :Š "Resolved , That we believe that all men are created  equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with cer-tain inalienable rights; that among these are life, liber-ty and the pursuit of happiness, and that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the gov-erned." The report states that the resolution was received with " laughter and applause"; and possibly it was the intent of its author to provoke a demonstration of this-kind. But even if designed as a joke, the fact that such a joke can have point at this time is serious enough..  And it is probable that no joke was intended. Certainly it is no joke for those who are fighting and giving up,  property and life in the Asiatic islands to maintain these identical privileges for themselves and their chil-dren. * THE National W. C. T. U. at their late convention in Seattle, Washington, went on record as emphatically opposed to the policy of foreign conquest now being-pursued by the Government. They said:Š We deeply deplore the attitude taken by our nation= with respect to the Philippine Islands, and, since gov-ernments can derive their just powers only from the con-sent of the governed, we protest against the policy which would compel a foreign people to submit to the-rule of the United States, and against a war through which the Administration is striving to enforce its-policy." * * Other resolutions were passed protesting against "the manifestly forced and unjust interpretation of the anti-canteen law as rendered by Attorney-General Griggs of the United States, upheld by ex-Secretary of War Alger," and against the seating in Congress of the polygamist, B. H. Roberts. ARCHBISHOP CHAPPELLE, as reported by the press,. says that America should keep the Philippines. "They should be ours," he says, "on moral, legal, commercial,. sociological and religious grounds." * "On religious grounds!" The United States should take and hold the Philippines, the religion of which isŁ Roman Catholic, for religious as well as for commercial and other reasons! * What are these "religious grounds?" Are they com-prised in the Roman Catholic assumption that "This is-a Catholic Christian nation," which gives ground for the further assumption that smaller Catholic territories,  ought to be gathered into its fold? 