AMERICAN. SENTINEL. 5 An Interesting Case Decided. THE Supreme Court of Iowa recently decided a very interesting case, involving the legality of Sunday con-tracts, and in effect affirming the right of the church to monopoly of that day for church work. The case in question was on this wise: A certain gentleman, whose name is of no importance in this con-nection, subscribed to a fund raised by a certain church 'in Fort Madison. But when an attempt was made to collect the subscription, he refused payment. The grounds of this refusal to redeem his pledge Were, first, that there was no consideration; second, that the contract was void because of the fact that it was made on Sunday. The plea that there was no consideration, or "value received," was swept away as a mere quibble, the court remarking that the pledge would doubtless "never have been made without sufficient consideration, whether tangible or not." Thus far the decision of the Iowa court must com-mend itself to all fair-minded people as being in strict accord with the demands of justice. Contracts are fre-quently made and material purchased on the strength of jiist such subscriptions, and it is only right that men making such pledges should be required to redeem them. But this could not be done in this case without sus-taining a Sunday contract, and it was at this point that the court got tangled. The promise to pay to said fund was clearly a contract, made on Sunday. To sustain this contract upon the broad ground that all men have an inherent right to make contracts whenever they see fit, would have been to sweep away no inconsiderable part of the Iowa Sunday law. The question was solved thus: The court said that while an ordinary contract made on Sunday was illegal, one to do good could not be so considered. "The cus-tom of taking offerings on the first day of the week has existed from time immemorial, and no one has sup-posed this to be prohibited by statute. Otherwise the deacons or others in passing around the hat and the minister in directing this to be done are amenable to the penalties of the law. The Founder of Christianity held itto be lawful to do good on the Sabbath day." Now while giving to the cause of God may very prop-erly be held to be a part of divine worship, and not to be prohibited nor restricted in any way, by what right does any American court thus award to the church and 'to church people, to deacons, stewards, ministers, etc., a monopoly in the matter of raising funds and of mak-ing legal contracts on any day of the week, whether that day be Sunday or some other day? For if the leg-islature and the courts can grant such a monopoly for one day why not for more than one? The Iowa Bill of Rights provides that "All laws of  a general nature shall have a uniform operation. The General Assembly shall not grant to any citizen or class of citizens privileges or immunities which upon the same terms shall not equally belong to all citizens." But do not those who take up church, collections, and who secure pledges for church enterprises, constil tute a "class" within the meaning of the Bill of Rights? and does not the law, as interpreted by the court in question, grant to this class a privilege which does not belong equally to all citizens? It certainly does. Suppose that the agnostics of the State of Iowa were to hold a large Sunday meeting for the purpose of rais-ing a fund to erect a monument to the memory of the late Colonel Ingersoll, or to found a Freethought Col-lege, or to circulate the writings of Paine, Volney, et al.,. would the courts of Iowa hold that subscriptions made to such a fund on Sunday were collectable by legal pro-cess? If so the' reasons given would have to be very different fro-,1 those given in the Fort Madison church case. The decidedly religious features of this case simply emphasize the fact that notwithstandingconstitutional guarantees of equal rights for all men without regard to their religious' beliefs and practises, religious people have been given a monopoly of Sunday for religious pur-polies. This class may raise money upon that day, and for this purpose may, make legal contracts; but "ordi-nary contracts" made upon Sunday for ordinary pur-poses are illegal I This decision involves the whole question of the proper relations of church and state. The precedent established is a dangerous one. Who cannot see that the same authority that can thus favor Christianity might not with the same ease favor any particular sect to the exclusion of all other sects? We believe that the contract in question was prop-erly held to be legal, but not for the reasons given. The truth is that the right to make contracts is an inherent, inalienable right of which government has no just power to deprive any portion of citizens. The idea of restrict-ing this right upon one day of each week to the churches for church purposes, is abhorrent to all correct princi-ples of religious equality and of religious liberty. The state owes to Christianity only the same protection ac-corded to all men. GenuineChristianity needs no favors from civil government, nor does it ask for them. She who leans upon Cmsar's arm for support is not the bride of Christ. C. P. B. The Wages of Sin.ŠThe story is told of a young man who was addicted to the cigarette habit. He had smoked 1,200 packages, and wrote to the manufactur-ers to know what they would give for the 1,200 pictures that had come with the cigarettes. The answer of the manufacturers was right to the point---"`Smoke 1,200,  more and,we will send ypu a coffin."ŠBible Echo. 