572 AMERICAN sEN TINEL. black. Yet there is no other solvent. Anything less means bitter conflict in a developing State.ŠN. Y. Inde-pendent. Sunday in Nashville, Tennessee. THE question of Sunday closing of saloons has been agitating the city of Nashville somewhat of late. It is a phase of the Sunday question that seems to have periodical appearances, dropping out of sight after hav-ing brought forth a number of communications in the papers, calling attention to the open saloons and urg-ing an enforcement of the law. A few orders come from the chief of police to the policemen to see that every sa-loon door is closed; a few arrests and fines follow, and a general rejoicing at the growing morality of the city. The saloon-keepers seem to know it is only ephemeral, so do not have much to say but pay a fine or two, keep closed as long as there is a policeman stationed at each door, and keep open house when the matter is quiet, which it generally becomes in three or four weeks. At present the matter is rather quiet. L. A. HANSEN. An Unanswered Anti-Expansion Argument. THE following resolutions passed at a recent con-vention in Chicago, voicing the sentiment of several millions of American citizens, outweigh in point of truth all the grandiloquent talk that was ever uttered about America's "war of humanity" and benevolent mission to confer liberty and other blessings on a dark-skinned race across the sea:Š "Resolved, That it is the duty of the United States Government to see to it that its citizens are not deprived of life,  and liberty without due process of law, and we solemnly demand such national and constitutional leg-islation as shall at least guarantee to American citizens as great protection from mob violence as is given citi-zens of foreign birth resident here. "The widespread crime of lynching persons accused of law-breaking is an offense against civilization which demands punishment; and we believe it lies in the power of Congress to provide such repressive legislation as shall prevent justice in America from becoming a by-word and a mockery." Catholic Authority on Sunday Observance. THE agitation of the Sunday observance question in England, growing out of the attempt of two London dailies to publish Sunday editions, has called out an ar-ticle on the subject from a Jesuit, published in the Nine-teenth Century. In this the Catholic view of proper Sunday observance is authoritatively stated, thus:Š "It was by public worship in the church, offered to  God especially at the parish mass, in the service of early matins, and at afternoon vespers, that the day was to be sanctified. With the discharge of this duty no amuse-ment could be permitted to interfere; but if this were fulfilled the canonises dealt indulgently with all other reasonable employment. . . . The praise of God must occupy the first place, but, that being secured, the church thought next of man's physical and moral well-beingŠrest of body, peace of soul, and all that makes for charity and good will between class and class." "A neglected Bible is responsible for much of the lost blessing from which many of God's children are suffering to-day."ŠSpirit-Filled Life, page 123. See our offer on page 575. - Emperor William on Church and State. A SPEECH delivered by Emperor William at a gala banquet, at Strassburg, September 5, gave this plain statement of the condition of the church under an alli-ance with the state:Š "Before all, however, I would impress upon the church dignitaries, who exert such a powerful influence over our people, the duty of striving in their work and of using their personal influence so that regard for the crown and confidence in the government may become ever and ever stronger. For, in these agitated times, when the spirit of unbelief is rampant, the church's only hold is the imperial hand and the escutcheon of the Ger-man empire; and I think, if I read the hearts of the Strassburgers aright, that the enthusiastic reception accorded me is in some measure due to the impression made upon the inhabitants of this beautiful old city by the splendid appearance of the armed sons of this coun-try, renewing their confidence that under the shadow of the wings of the German eagle, the Reichsland is secured against all dangers." Under such an alliance, in America as in Germany, the church would depend upon the state, and her "only hold" would be the "imperial hand and escutcheon" of the state. But the only hold the church needs or ought to have is the arm of Omnipotence. Religious Intolerance in Russia. THE Outlook, of this city, says:Š "Last week the news reached this country of a re-newed attack by the czar's government upon the Luth-eran churches in Finland and in the Baltic provinces. The pretext for this attack is that, under the cloak of religion, Lutheran clergy in 'Finland and Livonia are favoring the spread of Pan-Germanic sentiments. . . . A number of recent conversions from the Russian Ortho-dox Church to the Protestant faith have inspired a cry of alarm in the clerical and reactionary press. As a re-sult, the Lutheran theological seminaries, which a few 