368 AMERICAN SENTINEL. American Sentinel. NEW YORK, JUNE 9, 1898. THE discovery of rich gold fields is reported from the Philippines. This will make the question of their future ownership a more perplexing one than ever for the "Christian" powers of the world to settle. MINISTERS of Milwaukee have re-cently sent out a denunciation of Sunday baseball, and have appointed a committee to decide upon a plan of action for its supprf scion. Now let the baseball players and others ap-point a committee to prohibit the ministers from palming off their opin-ions about war and politics upon the people in the name of religion. "THE kingdom of God is within you," said Jesus Christ. Is it so? Is the kingdom of God within you? If it is, then you are not affected by the commotion and strife that are in the world. Commotion and strife are filling the world, and if the world is in you, its commotion and strife are there with it. But the kingdom of God is pervaded by peace and love. No matter how bad things get in this world, it is your privilege. to live in the enjoyment of peace. "Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on Thee." THE other day the historic "Sixth Massachusetts" regiment passed through Baltimore on its way South, and was received by the people with an ovation. The soldiers received flowers instead of the stones and bul-lets hurled at them back in '61. The incident was a very pleasing one, and is one of many indications that the old dividing line of animosity between North and South has passed or is rapidly passing away. Perhaps by the time the war is over there will be nothing left to mark this dividing gulf of former days, exceptŠexcept the dividing line perpetuated by the "Church North" and the "Church South," as found in the Methodist  and some other denominations. How would it seem if the church should come to have a monopoly in this un-brotherly business? JUST when the s( at of European political disturbance has been trans- ferred to the precincts of the crumb-ling empire of China, and the forces of the powers are gathering by land and sea to enforce their respective claims for territory and commer-cial privileges, a new figure appears upon the scene, as "Uncle Sam," with one giant stride, steps clear across the Pacific and plants one foot squarely down almost at the edge of the field of controver-sy. What is now to happen? is the question in the minds of European statesmen, as they contemplate this new and not very welcome addition to their "war concert." Will "Uncle Sam" lift that foot and step back again to his own side of the earth? or will he keep it where it is? The indi-cations are that the latter will be his choice. But the decision which is made in the matter will be of far greater consequence than any of the battles that may be fought in. the existing war. SOME idea of what would be in-volved in carrying out an offensive and defensive alliance with Great Britain may be obtained from these figures applying to the British Em-pire, given by the N. Y. Christian Advocate:Š "At the present moment the British Empire is fifty three times the size of France, fifty-two times that of Ger-many, three and a half times that of the United States of America, thrice the size of Europe, with treble the population of all the Russias. It ex-tends over 11,000,000 square miles, occupies one fifth of the globe, con-taining one fifth of the human race, or 350,000,000 people, embraces four continents, 10,040 islands, 500 premontories, and 2,000 rivers." The United States may well pause before making an agreement to share with Great Britain the task of defend-ing this vast realm. DOWN in Louisiana the other day, if press reports be true, a crowd of white people took a negro criminal, chained him to a stake, and burned him after the fashion of the auto-da-le of the Dark Ages. The whole af-fair was executed as deliberately as heretics were wont to be executed by the church-and-state authorities in the days of papal supremacy. This and other like occurrences will con-stitute convincing proof in the eyes of European powers of the desirabil-ity of driving Spain out of Cuba and supplanting her rule with the "Chris-tian civilization" of this Republic. WHAT is the matter with the Sun-day-school? is a question considered recently by Mr. Edward Bok, who is well known as the editor of that pop-ular magazine, The Ladies' Home Journal. Mr. Bok says that there is decidedly something the matter with the Sunday-school; that, in short, its old-time efficiency is almost wholly gone. His statements raised a storm of protest, which he probably fore-saw; but he spoke with a tone of con-viction, fortified by his own experi-ence and observations. BUT the question, What is the mat-ter? covers a broader field than the Sunday-school. Recently we printed an article from the New York Sun, on the subject of the decay of ortho-doxy. There is something the mat-ter with the orthodox churches in general. This is more especially evi-dent in the Presbyterian body, where there is a feeling of dismay which can-not be disguised. The church and the Sunday-school are bodies so closely connected that it is only to be ex-pected that a serious malady in one will make itself felt in the other. But whatever cause may be assigned for these alarming symptoms, one thing is certain: there is nothing the mat-ter with the Christian religion. Man is a frail creature, continually failing and wandering away from the right path; but the wisdom and power of God are manifest in the gospel still, as they have been since time began. 