3E THE A. NIE2.1 c.A.N SENTINEL. given to him, but to "his son and his son's son" as well; and this succession covered the whole period of the kingdom of Babylon from Nebuchadnezzar to its fall. Therefore the proof is positive that the power of the Em-pire of Babylon was ordained of God. . The grandson of NebuchadnezzarŠBelshaz-zarŠin the midst of the riotous feast of Tam-muz, was told by the prophet of the Lord, " God hath numbered thy kingdom and fin-ished it;" and, "Thy kingdom is divided, and given to the Medes and Persians." The com-mander who led the forces of the Medes and Persians was Cyrus the Persian. And of him the Lord had said: " Thus saith the Lord to his anointed, to Cyrus, whose right hand I have holden, to subdue nations before him; and I will loose the loins of kings, to open before him the two-leaved gates; and the gates shall not be shut." "That saith of Cyrus, He is my shepherd, and shall perform all my pleasure." Isa. 45 :1; 44 : 28. When Babylon fell, the rule of the Medo-Persian Empire fell first to Darius the Mede, instead of to Cyrus. And the angel Gabriel said to Daniel, "I in the first year of Darius the Mede, even I, stood to confirm and to strengthen him." Dan. 11 : 1. Therefore the word of God'is clear that the power of the Medo-Persian government was ordained of God. But not to multiply instances by noting them in detail, we will quote the scripture that sums up the whole subject in few words: " Blessed be the name of God forever and ever; for wisdom and might are his; and he changeth the times and the seasons; he remov-eth, Icings, and setteth up kings." Dan. 2:20, 21. " The Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will." Dan. 4 : 25. These texts assuredly demon-strate the principle declared by Paul in Rom. 13:1, that "there is no power but of God;" and that "the powers that be are ordained of God." But if these texts should not be enough to demonstrate it, then we may add the crucial text of all Scripture. When Christ stood be-fore Pilate, "Then saith Pilate unto him, Speakest thou not unto me? Knowest thou not that I have power to crucify thee, and have power to release thee? Jesus answered, Thou couldest have no power at all against me, except it were given thee from (above." John 19 :10, 11. The demonstration is complete, therefore, that the words of Rom. 13 :1, are a statement of fact and not of theory; that "the .powers that be are ordained of God;" and that "there is no power but of God." As the Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will; when he has given the power to whom he will, whether to Bab-ylon, to Medo-Persia, to Grecia, to Rome, to England, or to the United States; whether that will be direct or permissive, who shall say that that power is not of him? and who shall say that that is not the power that ought to be? And to such powers Christians are taught to be respectful, quiet, peaceable, obe-dient subjects, and ,not revolutionists. The following from Macaulay is to the point:Š "The powers which the apostle . . . pro-.  nounces to be ordained of God, are not the powers that can be traced back to a legitimate origin, but the powers that be. When Jesus was asked whether the chosen people might lawfully give tribute to Ccesar, he replied by asking the questioners, not whether Caesar could make out a pedigree derived from the old royal house of Judah, but whether the coin which they scrupled to pay into Caesar's treasury came from Ccesar's mint, in other words, whether Cwsar actually possessed the authority and performed the functions of a ruler. " It is generally held, with much appearance of reason, that the most trustworthy comment on the text of the Gospels and Epistles is to be found in the practice of the primitive Christians, when that practice can be satis-factorily ascertained; and it so happened that the times during which the church is univer-sally acknowledged to have been in the highest state of purity were times of frequent and violent political change. One at least of the apostles appears to have lived to see four emperors pulled down in a little more than a year. Of the martyrs of the third century a great proportion must have been able to re-member ten or twelve revolutions. Those martyrs must have had occasion often to con-sider what was their duty towards a prince just raised to power by a successful insurrec-tion. That they were, one and all, deterred by the fear of punishment from doing what they thought right, is an imputation which no candid infidel would throw on them. Yet, if there be any proposition which can with per-fect confidence be affirmed touching the early Christians, it is this, that they never once re-fused obedience to any actual ruler on account of the illegitimacy of his title. At one time, indeed, the supreme power was claimed by twenty or thirty competitors. Every province from Britain to Egypt had its own Augustus. . . . Yet it does not appear that, in any place, the faithful had any scruple about sub-mitting to the person who, in that place, exercised the imperial functions. While the Christian of Rome obeyed Aurelian, the Chris-tian of Lyons obeyed Tetricus, and the Chris-tian of Palmyra obeyed Zenobia. Day and night'Šsuch were the words which the great Cyprian, Bishop of Carthage, addressed to the representative of Valerian and GallienusŠday and night do we Christians pray to the one true God for the safety of our emperors." ŠHistory of England, chap. 14. These, however, were law-abiding subjects and citizens, and not National Reform revolu- tionists. A. T. T. National Reform Principles Despotic. WE have received an address which a gen-tleman of Quincy, Mass., has addressed to the Legislature of that State. The writer strongly objects to making the Sunday laws any less strict, or to making concessions in favor of any, and says:Š " The greatest good to the greatest number of our citizens, demands that the Sunday laws shall remain unchanged. They may be slightly oppressive in some respects, but the Legislature which is capable of pruning them just enough to make them perfect, and stop-ping at' that point, has, in my humble opinion, yet to be elected. Better let well enough alone." This is the idea that underlies all National Reform would-be legislation,Šthe idea that laws are simply for the majority, that if the majority are satisfied it matters not if a few are oppressed. Such an idea of law is -in  harmony with despotism, but not with a re-publican, or any other just form of govern-ment. A despotism is simply the rule of the majority, only the majority of strength is lodged in one man. But the principle is the same, no matter whether the majority of strength be lodged in one man, or whether the numerical majority has the majority of strength. Five hundred men have no more right to unite to oppress one man, than one man has to oppress five hundred men. It is not true that a just law is ever oppres-sive to a few. A law that does injustice to one man, is an unjust law. We heartily agree with President Cleveland, -who, in a recent interview on the land laws, said :Š " If by any construction of a law, seeming injustice is done to the humblest farmer in the furthest corner of the land, then that law ought to be changed, and changed at once." If a law oppresses a single honest man, it has in it the elements of oppression, and so is an unjust and oppressive law. Just laws can-not by any possibility be made to oppress an upright man. This is the principle upon which our laws are framed. It is a legal maxim that it is better to let a guilty man escape than to punish an innocent man. This does not imply that a just law will sanction the escape of a guilty man, but it simply recognizes the fact that men are fallible, and are liable to improperly execute even a just law; and therefore it provides that the failure, if there be any failure, shall lean to the side of mercy. The fact that National Reformers claim that majorities should have their way, even though it might oppress some citizens, shows that if they should gain control oppression would certainly follow. Let us beware of a despot-ism, whatever form it may assume. E. W. 'I Ł Personal Liberty.. THE editor of the Christian Union, Dr. Ly-man Abbott, is writing in his paper a series of " Letters to Workingmen," in which he is dis-cussing the labor problem. In the issue of March 10, he considers the principle of strikes and boycotts, and among other illustrations he gives the following :- 4' My friend Michael S. owns a horse and. cart. He goes out to work with his horse and cart, and for a day's work receives $3.50. He is a capital workman, and is always in great demand. . . . His horse and his cart are his own. I have no right to tell him where or how he can use them. If he should choose now to get a Pole to help him load his cart, and I should not like Poles, and should say' to him, Mr. S. you must not have a Pole to help you; you must have an American or an Irishman,' I should expect the same answer from him, 'Mind your own business. This is my horse and cart,' he would say, and I am one free man, and this Pole is another 'free man, and if he chooses to help me, and I choose to have him help me, it is none of your business.' And it would `clearly be none of my business. And it would not. dignify or materially improve my impertinence, if I should go round our village and stir up the people to demand of Mr. S. that he only use his horse and cart so many hours a 'day, or get only Irishmen or Americans -as helperi3. 