"Equal and Exact Justice to all Men, of Whatever state or Persuasion, peligious or 'Political." VOLUME 8. NEW YORK, JULY 6, 1893. NUMBER 27. American Sentinel. PUBLISHED WEEKLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, No. 43 BOND STREET, NEW YORK. Entered at the New York Post-Office. EDITOR, - - - - ALONZO T. JONES. ASSOCIATE EDITORS, CALVIN P. BOLLMAN. / WILLIAM H. MC KEE. THE Sunday managers resorted to the United States courts and got swamped the first thing. " All they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." THEY called upon the courts to decide their question. The courts did decide the question. And now they refuse to accept the decision. They submitted their cause to the courts, and now refuse to accept the decision because it was not on their side. WELL, then, as they are determined to have their own way anyhow, what in the world did they want with the courts in the first place ? Ah! they only wanted to use the court as a tool in enforcing their own decision and their own will upon the people of the United States. And having failed in that, Bishop Merrill, for the Methodist Church and "other denomina-tions," announced that they will pursue a course " that means that the World's Fair will be a financial failure." Was there ever, or could there be, a clearer case of "rule or ruin " ? It is true that Bishop Merrill has since discovered that he could not carry the whole Methodist Board with him in this; but this does not affect the principles involved, nor change his disposition. Neither have the " other denominations " changed their announced course. Š4-- THEY unsparingly denounced the Di-rectory of the Fair as " anarchists " and their action as " violation of law," and " anarchistic in conception and rebellious in character," etc., etc., at their pleasure when the Directory opened the gates on Sunday in pursuance of what they sup-posed to be a proper interpretation of a law of which Judge GrosscupŠthe only judge of the lower court who was rightŠsaid that it was " so ambiguous that it required a construction of the law-officers  of the Government; so ambiguous that of the three judges sitting, there is a dif-ference of opinion between them respect-ing its effect." And now these very ones themselves openly and intentionally dis-regard the plain decision of the United States Court which they themselves called for. Now if the action of the Directory in construing a law " so ambiguous," was " anarchistic " and " rebellious," then what is this action of the church mana-gers in intentionally disregarding the plain and unmistakable decision of this high court, whose jurisdiction they themselves invoked ? Judge Grosscup pertinently inquired : " Is the local corporation to be held to have known precisely what that act meant, when this court is divided as to what its meaning is ?" But there is no room for any such inquiry in behalf of the action of the church managers in dis-regarding the decision of the court which is not at all ambiguous, and about which there was no division of the court. There was ample room for the Directory to act innocently in what they did. There is no room whatever for the church managers to act innocently in what they are doing in this matter. THE Directory stated plainly before-hand that if the court decided that they were wrong they would accept it in good faith and conform to it in good faith. But neither before nor after, did the Sunday managers make any such statement. In-stead of that they plainly declare that -they will not do any such thing, but will make the Fair " a financial failure ;" and all because that, in the law procedure which they had required, they have failed to accomplish their purpose to rule the country. Of course it is always under-stood that especially the party which in-itiates legal procedure shall accept in good faith the final decision. With the other party it is not necessarily so; for he may be dragged into it, and forced into court by the course of the initiative, and he is not bound to accept any decision because the whole procedure may be one of per-secution, and therefore wrong from the beginning. But with the initiative it is not so. It is in the nature of things, it inheres in the very idea of legal government, that the party who resorts to the law, the party who begins legal procedure, shall accept in good faith the final decision. Other-wise there is no use of legal government; violence becomes the only procedure, and might the only source of appeal. And that is anarchy indeed. Now it is the everlasting truth that the Sunday party did take the initiative, and have kept it, from the first inception of the act of Congress clear up to this final decision of the court. And now, instead of accepting the final decision in good faith, they do not accept it at all, but re-sort to violence. The party of the second part, the party that was dragged into the procedure and into court, freely announces beforehand that if the decision is against them, they will accept it in good faith, and so conform to it. The party of the first part, the party which takes and holds the initiative from the beginning, openly disregards and refuses to accept the final decision, and boldly announces their purpose to pursue such a course as will make the Fair " a financial failure." And these are the ones who so scathingly denounce -the course of the Directory as " anarchistic " and " rebellious " 1 THE sum of the whole matter is this : It is essential to the very idea and exist-ence of legal government that the party who takes the initiative in legal procedure shall accept in good faith, and so conform to the final decision; not to do so, but to act the same as though there had been no decision after the final decision has been rendered, is in itself to renounce legal government and is essentially anarchistic and rebellious. The Sunday-law party is and has been from the beginning, the party of the initiative in this legal pro-cedure. This party instead of accepting in good faith the final decision, ignores it entirely and resorts to violenceŠthe boy-cottŠafter that decision has been ren-dered; it therefore follows inevitably, and the demonstration is complete, that the action of the Sunday managers in this matter is truly the action, and the only one, which is indeed " anarchistic in con-ception and rebellious in execution." This 