368 THE AMERICAN SENTINELŁ Vol. 4, No. 46. TI2e Arrrrical? OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, DECEMBER I.1, 1889. NOTE, ŠNo papers are sent by the publishers of the ABIEBICAN SENTINEL to people who have not subscribed for it. If the SENTINEL comes to one who has not sub-scribed for it, he may know that it is sent him by some friend, and that he will not be called upon by the pub-lishers to pay for the same. SPECIALt NOTICE. Please send alt orders for the AMERICAN SEN-TINEL to our New York Office. Subscriptions can com-mence with the First Number in January,1890. WRemember the Address, 43 BOND STREET, NEWYORK. WE desire to thank our many friends -who have so kindly sent us marked copies of papers containing articles of special interest to us. Of course it sometimes happens that we can make no direct use of the matter sent, but even when that iS the case it may be suggestive of some point which should be noticed. Some of the matter sent us has been very useful and we trust that our friends will still remember us. Please mark the articles which you wish us to notice. IT is not necessary in order to have a union of Church and State that a particular church or sect should be recognized by the civil law, to the exclusion of others. Nor is it necessary that the Church should be supported by the State. The great and popular churches are agreed in what they term "essentials." They unitedly de-mand that the goVernment shall crystallize their interpretation of the divine will into statute law. If through their combined influence it is done, the Church dictates, the State accepts; the Church interprets, the State enforces that interpretation by law. It is a union of Church and State, as all must admit. IT is stated that the question of Sunday observ-ance is one which disturbs the clergy of England even more than it does the ministry of any other country. In some places the clergymen them-selves, it is said, have, in order to secure some sort of respect for the day, inaugurated Sunday cricket clubs, the only restriction being that as soon as the church bells ring the players shall leave the game and attend to their religious duties. An effort is also being made to encourage the opening of museums and picture galleries on Sunday. The position is taken that "it is better to provide some innocent amusement than to allow the men to idle about the streets and otherwise pass the Sabbath in vicious idleness." And this is only another evidence that the only proper basis for Sabbath observance is a conscientious regard for the divine law. PRESIDENT HARRISON and Vice-President Morton, and several members of the cabinet, were present, October 13, at a banquet given in honor of the dedication of the new Catholic university at Washington. The President's health was drunk standing; Mr. Blaine was applauded, and then all hands cheered Cardinal Gibbons' toast, "The Hierarchy of the United States." Free Thought states the foregoing facts and then adds: " We should have two objections to indorsing a  toast of that kind. In the first place, the United States is not a hierarchy, which is a government of the priesthood ; and in the second place, if it were a hierarchy, a patriotic American should lament instead of rejoicing over the fact." The criticism is just, though it is not likely that it.  was intended to imply that the United States is a hierarchy, but only that a hierarchy exists in the United States. That, however, does not mend matters much. The Roman hierarchy in the United States is an enemy to several institutions which ought to be dear to every loyal heart, and the President and his cabinet were out of place on the occasion. IN giving testimony before the United States Court in Salt Lake City, November 18, Charles W. Penrose, a prominent Mormon, denied that the president of the church ever ordered the kill-ing of any man for apostasy, and said he under-stood the doctrine of blood atonement to mean that when a man had committed murder or adul-tery he should be killed, that is, the murderer should be turned over to the civil law. The church had not authority to kill a man for adul-tery, but he believed when the law of God was fully established the penalty should be death. It is evident from this that the Mormons are consist-ent National Reformers. Of course that which they wish to see enforced by the civil authorities is not the law of God as others view it, but that which they themselves understand to be the law of God. But the principle is the same in either case, for if the State had the right to enforce the law of God, it would have to decide what that law is, and that decision would be liable to change as courts and majorities changed. A fine theory, truly ! But it is National Reform doc-trine, pure and simple. REFERRING to the expressed willingness of the Roman. Catholics to "come together with non-Catholics and shape civil legislation for public good," and to "seek an alliance with non-Catho-lics for proper Sunday observance," the Times of this city says: " It is a splendid omen for society at large that such good policy exists." And again : "It is a sign of the times worthy of note, this position of so powerful a religious body. Christians are now more nearly hand in hand in this matter than they have ever been before." Indeed, "it is a sign of the times worthy of note," a most significant sign, but one which fore-bodes, not good, but evil to our free institutions. We fully believe with the Senate Committee of 1828, that "extensive religious combinations to effect a political object are always dangerous." "All religious despotisms," said the committee, "commence by combination and influence, and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the conse-quences." We have in this country a powerful Protestant element, so called, who boldly demand an amend-ment to our national Constitution which they confess would disfranchise every logically consist-ent infidel. And not only so but the Encyclical of Pope Leo XIII. published in 1885 makes it the duty of all Catholics to "make themselves felt as active elements in daily political life in the countries where they live.. They must penetrate wherever possible in the administration of civil affairs; must constantly exert the utmost vigi- lance and energy to prevent the usage of liberty from going beyond the limits fixed by God's law. All Catholics should do all in their power to cause the constitutions of States and legislation to be modeled to the principles of the true church." This 'simply means that Protestants and Ro-manists are working together to accomplish-the overthrow of religious liberty in our beloved country. The danger is a grave one, and it is the more grave because of the fancied security and blindness of the people, lulled into indiffer- ence as they are by a time-serving secular press which fears to antagonize Rome, and by a big- oted religious press which sees in this movement worldly prosperity for the church. IN a recent communication to the Christian Nation, M. A. Gault says: " Our strongest ally in Christian reform is the W. C. T. U." By '" Christian reform" Mr. Gault means, of course, his pet scheme of so-called National Reform, and he certainly states a sad fact when he says that the W. C. T. U. is its strongest ally. These enthusiastic but misguided women are doing all in their power Šand their influence is not to be despisedŠto for-ward the movement the avowed purpose of which is to change that feature of our Constitution which accords with the idea that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, that, as they say, they may make Christ this world's King. But as they can do that only in name, and as men will rule in the name of Christ, but without his guidance, it follows that should they succeed they would have at best only'a man-made theocracy, a veritable image of the Papacy, and the deeds of the Papacy it would do. Ł SOME of the good people of Riverside, Cal., want Sunday horse-racing and theatricals prohib- ited in that city. But the Press and Horticult-urist of that place says:Š "In the nineteen years of Riverside's existence we have never known a case of Sabbath horse-racing or theatricals here. We see no indications that such things are desired, and therefore no need of a law prohibiting them." Possibly some of the good people of that city think that if they could only get an ordinance against horse-racing and theatricals it would be broad enough to cover some other things, which, however, public opinion does not just at present condemn sufficiently to outlaw them even on Sun- day. . Sunday laws are very elastic and erratic sometimes; for instance, in Arkansas a law framed for the ostensible purpose of shutting up saloons never interfered with the saloons at all, but fined and imprisoned several conscientious, God-fearing, Seventh-day Christians, who, in country places, followed their usual quiet occupations on Sunday after having observed the seventh day. Is some-thing of the same sort wanted in Riverside? THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. AN EIGHT-PAGE WEEKLY JOURNAL, DEVOTED TO . The defense of American Institutions, the preservation of the United States Constitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the maintenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompromisingly opposed toanything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single Copy, Per'Year, post-paid, - - - $1.00 In clubs of ten or more copies, per year, each,-  - - 75c. To foreign countries, single subscription, post-paid, - 5s. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond St., NEW YORE. 