AMERICAN SENTINEL. 91 to work on the day they profess to believe in as the Chris-tian Sabbath: Something to put a little backbone into such people, is the thing that is needed. •S Ł Intolerance a Venal Sin. THE question of Roman Catholic interference in behalf of civil liberty for Protestants in Peru, who are denied the rights accorded to Catholics, is one that Protestants in this country have long been pressing upon the atten- tion of representative Catholics here, and which seems to be causing the latter some trouble. The Catholic Citizen has finally admitted that intolerance on the part of Cath- olics in Peru, while not a mortal sin, is one which will send them at least as far down as Purgatory. The mat- ter is set forth in the following from The Independent (N. Y.) of February 3:Š "We asked the help and the influence of our Catholic press to relieve the wrongs of native Protestants and American citizens in Peru, who are not allowed religious freedom in the matter of civil marriages. Our excellent contemporary, The Catholic Citizen, is the first to give answer, as follows:Š "`That Peruvian Protestants and Ainerican citizens residing in Peru be permitted to marry there as here (di-vorcees excepted), and that their marriages be considered legal marriages. If the laws of Peru 'do not permit this, then those laws are unjust. Catholics concerned through any mistaken notion of zeal in obstructing remedial leg-islation will burn for it in Purgatory.' "No answer could be more satisfactory, although we hesitate to indorse the penalty." e• Ł Threatening the Government. "Present Truth," London, Eng. IN a plea for a united and vigorous effort for Sunday closing, in view of the fact that Parliament soon meets, a writer says in one of the religious journals: "Against the united voices of the Christian churches of our land, no government dare turn a deaf ear."  We have been searching the Bible with the special object of finding where Christ or Christians ever made even a covert threat against the government if it did not meet their mind, and we find no such thing. We do find these words of Christ: "If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." John 12:47. We are therefore forced to conclude that the Christianity which that writer has in mind is a sort that has come up since the days of Christ and the apostles. Beware of it. • s  THE writer who conducts the department of "good citizenship" in the Voice (N. Y.) says that "Perhaps the clearest thing in the minds of our forefathers in America was the importance of keeping forever separate the church and the state. And perhaps the mudthestreason-ing ever done by the human brain was that by which we  arrived at the imbecile and impossible corallary that pious standards were to be excluded from political duties." If this does not mean that politics are to be conducted so as to suit the church, it is one of the "muddiest" para-graphs that have come under our observation. "Pious standards" in politics means church politics or it mear.s nothing. Ł 4 4 Peacemaker or Revolutionist ? UNDER the heading, "The Arch Revolutionist," an English journal makes this comment on the latest atti-tude of the pope towards the Italian government:Š "The pope's Christmas allocution, as it is called, was ,all about his desire for `peace,' and there was promise that his views would be further explained. And now the chief Vatican organ comes out boldly inviting a political revolution in Italy. The pope desires a 'real sovereignty' among the princes of this world, and cannot tolerate that a king should sit in Rome as head of the State. He sug-gests overthrowing the monarchy and setting up a re-public, and in the confusion he would doubtless expect to make sure of dominating the republican federation. It shows the pope as the arch-revolutionist, stirring up strife, resisting the 'powers that be,' and generally making plain the anti-christian character of the papacy." S Ł -4 THE following, figures of Christian Endeavor progress are given in a New York religious journal:Š "The sixteenth year of the Christian Endeavor Soci-ety which closes this week has been the best year of all. Abroad, it has seen the inauguration of a United Soci-ety for India, Burma and Ceylon, the establishment of an Endeavor paper for India and of a number of Unions in South and North India. In South Africa the move-ment has received a great impetus. Great Britain has passed the 5,000 line; and from all the English colonies come reports of progress. The year shows an increase of 5,000 in the number of societies and of 250,000 in the membership." • THE New York Independent, of January 27, voices our sentiments in the following:Š "We sympathize with the converted Jew who has been told that he must eat pork as a testimony that he is a real Christian, and who publishes his protest in the leading poem of a Jewish Christian magazine. It begins: Oh, must we eat the flesh M swine, Because, Lord Jesus, we are thine?' It is not at all necessary." There would be a good many more Jews converted to Christianity if they were not given to understand they must as Christians do some things that Christ not only never commanded, but that are positively against his precepts. 