APRIL 9, 1896. A.MMFMDA.N. 117 covered and laid down in text-books for our guidance; but no man manufactured them. And so with respect to civil law. An unjust " law" is therefore no more binding upon any person than is an incorrect "rule" of logic. No person can be rightfully bound by injustice; nor can any person under any circumstances throw off the claims of jus-tice. This is not saying that private opinion is superior to legislative enactments, and that an individual may disregard such enactments on no higher authority than his own. The standard of justice is set up among men by the Author of human rights, and to that standard, more or less clearly visible to every mind, he may appeal. It was to this natural sense of justice implanted in man by the Cre-ator, that our forefathers appealed when they sent forth to the world the Declaration of In-dependence. It was to this. standard that Abraham Lincoln and his co-workers appealed when they publicly dissented from the Dred Scott decision of the Supreme Court. But in the case of Sunday " laws," we may appeal not only to the natural sense of justice which men possess, but to the most explicit declaration of God's word. That word com-mands us to sanctifyŠset apartŠthe seventh day. We cannot make the seventh day dis-tinct from other days, and at the same time make the first day also distinct in the same way; the one distinction breaks down the other. We are bound by the law of God, and there can be no real law, civil or otherwise, which conflicts with that. The sphere of the law of natural rightsŠthe civil lawŠis alto-gether separate from the sphere of our obliga-tions to God, and from the law by which those obligations are defined. EVENTS IN WASHINGTON. DR. CRAFTS, the body, soul, and spirit of the National Bureau of Reforms, Washington, D. C., is still urging upon Congress the " necessity" of enacting a Sunday " law " for the District of Columbia. Sunday, March 29, the doctor did a little detective work in the interest of " reform." He tells the story himself in the Washington Post of the following morning, thus:Š EDITOR POST: In reply to those who say that Wash-ington does not need to have the law restored by which Sunday traffic was forbidden for the twenty-two years ending in 1886, permit me to report that yester-day in a walk from the National Capitol, whose busi-ness was suspended (why should it not give clerks equal rest ?) I noted street number and business of forty-eight open stores in as many minutes on the north side of Pennsylvania avenue to Seventh street, with Seventh street northwest, as far as E, including not only fruiterers and tobacconists in abundance, but also numerous grocery and gents' furnishing stores. This count did not include druggists or any traffic at hotel stands. Even if this opening of shops would not increase, as it has everywhere else when not forcibly prevented, as it has been increasing here for years slowly but surely, even if there were not such preventive reasons for the law, the clerks and tradesmen now doing seven days' work for six days' pay ought to be protected against masters and competitors in that right to rest which is written not only in the Bible, but in the body. The foreign element in our National Capital of all places ought not to be allowed to destroy this best of American institutions, the American Sabbath, and put a foreign Sunday of toil and dissipation in its place. WILBUR F. CRAFTS, Superintendent National Bureau of Reforms, 210 Delaware Avenue, Northeast. This account must have been written and put in type before twelve o'clock Sunday night, for the Post is printed long before daylight Monday morning. But then we be-lieve that the doctor does not hold that it is  wrong for him to work on Sunday, and of course it could not be wrong for a printer to set matter on Sunday in the interests of Sun-day sacredness! As stated in the SENTINEL two weeks ago the Commissioners of the District of Colum-bia returned the Morse Sunday bill to the House and Senate with an adverse report; but immediately the Reformers secured the introduction, through Mr. Wellington, of Maryland, of a substitute for the Morse bill. The substitute was also introduced in the Senate by McMillan, of Michigan. This bill is so framed as to disarm if possible those who keep the seventh day. After the enacting clause and the prohibitions, the second section of the bill reads: " It shall be a sufficient defense to a prosecution for servile labor on the first day of the week that the defendant uniformly keeps another day of the week as a day of rest, and that the labor complained of was done in such a manner as not to interrupt or disturb other persons in observing the first day of the week as a day of rest." It never seems to occur to these Reformers that persons can have any other motive in opposing the passage of Sunday "laws" except those that are purely selfish. The truth is that while Sunday " laws" exempting ob-servers of the seventh day are less oppressive than others, they are the same in principle; they are religious legislation, and to assent to them is to abandon the whole field so far as principle is concerned. But even from a purely selfish standpoint the Sabbatarian still has abundant reason for opposing this bill, because under such a " law" he could be dragged before courts and compelled to prove that he uniformly keeps another day of rest, and that his labor has disturbed no one. After all this is done, the courts will be the judges as to whether the defendant has established the fact. It is easy for the people who are demanding Sunday " laws" to be "disturbed," and difficult sometimes to make a defense that will satisfy a court. It is impossible to tell what disposition will be made of this Sunday bill. ADVENTIST FARMERS PETITION THE ON- TARIO GOVERNMENT. " THE following petition," says the Toronto Globe, of the 1st inst., was presented yester-day to the Provincial Government by Eugene Leland, pastor of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, and Mr. G. W. Morse, manager of the Adventists' publishing house, on behalf of fifty-five farmers of Essex and Kent ":Š To the honorable the Attorney-General:Š We, the undersigned farmers, citizens of the Province of Ontario, beg leave to present the following petition to your Lordship through Mr. G. W. Morse and Mr. Eugene Leland of Toronto. Referring to Mr. Ferguson's bill, No. 127, entitled, " An Act to amend the Act to Pre-vent the Profanation of the Lord's Day," we ask that this bill may not pass, and for the following reasons:- 1. Believing that the fourth commandment of the Decalogue should be obeyed literally, we observe the seventh day, or Saturday, as the Sabbath, and carry on our work on Sun-day the same as on other working days of the week; but if this bill becomes a law, it will deprive us of one-seventh of our time and consequently of one-seventh of our income. [They would be deprived really of one-sixth of working time, and income.ŠED. SENTI- NEL.] The government will get no pecuniary benefit from this tax upon us, and we will get no quivalent whatever. It is a great grievance to farmers, especially at certain seasons of the year, to be deprived of one day's work every week, and_ as no possible good can come from it, either to us or to those who require it of us, we most earnestly protest that this bill shall not pass. 2. It is religious legislation, a union of Church and State, and, as such, we protest against it. (a) That it is religious legislation is shown in the title of the amended act. It is called an act to prevent the profanation of the Lord's day. The observance of the Lord's day is a duty which pertains wholly to the Lord, and, as such, it should be rendered to him, and not to Cw.ar, or the State. It is " the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," not the Sabbath of the Province of Ontario. Like the Lord's supper, the Lord's prayer, the attendance at the house of the Lord, baptism, or any other religious ceremony, the observ-ance of the Lord's day is simply and solely an act of religious worship. We believe that its observance should not be enforced any more than should the observance of any other of the forms of religious worship that we have named. (b) That it is religious legislation is shown still further in that the Lord's day act is not intended to restrain or prevent crime, but it is intended solely to restrain or prevent what is considered to be irreligion. This is true, for when a crime is committed on Sunday, and a conviction is secured against the crim-inal, it is never secured under the Lord's day act, but always under some other statute. And again, whenever a conviction is under the Lord's day act, it is invariably for an act which in itself is perfectly civil, and which would be so regarded on any other day of the week. The only reason, therefore, why the act is considered an indictable offense when committed on Sunday, is because it is thought to be irreligious, and not at all because it is thought to be uncivil. (c) That this is religious legislation is shown in that the observance of Sunday is not on a civil basis. If Sunday is to be re-garded as a civil day merely, why should it not be put on a civil basis just the same as any other recognized civil holiday ? Quiet civil employment on the Queen's birthday, New Year's, the first of July, a civic holiday, or Thanksgiving, is not an indictable offense; nor on any day regarded as a civil day. Why should quiet, civil employment on Sun-day be considered uncivil and made an in-dictable offense any more than on these other days ? Is Sunday any more civil than these other days ? Not at all, but it is more re-ligious. And that is the reason why its observance is enforced. (d) This is shown to be religious legislation from the character of the disturbance com-plained of, and from the nature of the injury sustained. The disturbance, if such it must be called, is not complained of for the reason that someone else is injured by it, in person or in property, but because the individual has injured himself. But this injury which he himself sustained by working on Sunday, or which others may sustain by it, is of a spiri-tual character entirely, not a real or personal injury; but the Government of Ontario is a civil, not a spiritual Government, and there-fore it has no jurisdiction over spiritual offen-ces, such as sabbath-breaking is. From all these considerations it is clear that this bill proposes religious legislation, and against it all we wish to enter our most earn-est protest. 