"Corrupted freemen are the worst of slaves." VOLUME 1. OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA, SEPTEMBER, 1886. NUMBER 9. '142e An2erical2 Ser2thr1. PUBLISHED MONTHLY, BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, OAKLAND, CAL. Entered at the Post-office in Oakland. RELIGION is not in the purview of human government.ŠMadison. WE take it as a fundamental principle laid down in the Scriptures, and corroborated by history in all ages, that the church of Jesus Christ, in a state of reformation, receiving the smiles of his approbation, has never sought for civil establishment. It is only when pride, am-bition, and an inordinate love of popularity, have become predominant in the hearts of her leaders; or when latitudinarianism and indiffer-ence to the truth of God prevail, that the church, becoming as useless as the vine that has fallen from its trellis and become unfruitful, seeks to be sustained by the secular arm, and fondled on the knee of civil power.ŠRev. Wm. Ballantine. " THAT religious persecution is a greater evil than any other, is apparent, not so much from the enormous and almost incredible number of its known victims, as from the fact that the un-'known must be far more numerous, and that history gives no account of those who have been spared in the body, in order that they might suffer in the mind. We hear much of martyrs and confessorsŠof those who were slain by the sword, or consumed in the fire; but we know little of that still larger number who, by the mere threat of persecution, have been driven into an outward abandonment of their real opinions; and who, thus fbrced into an apostasy the heart abhors, have passed the re-mainder of their lives in the practice of a con-stant and humiliating hypocrisy. It is this which is the real curse of religious persecution. For in this way, men being constrained to mask their thoughts, there arises a habit of securing safety by falsehood, and of purchasing impunity with deceit. In this way, fraud becomes a nec-essary of life; insincerity is made a daily ens-,tom; the whole tone of public feeling is vitiated, rand the gross amount of vice and of error fear-rully increased. Surely, then, we have reason to say, that, compared to this, all other crimes are of small account; and we may well be grate-ful for that increase of intellectual pursuits, which has destro:ed an evil that some among us would even now willingly L'estore." "Secretary Leiper" on the "American Sentinel." THE " National Reform Association " has some paid traveling agents or lecturers who, for some reason not apparent, are called "Sec-retaries." Among these is Mr. J. H. Leiper. In the columns of the Christian Statesman he noticed the AMERICAN SENTINEL. But when he wrote his comment he had seen only the March number, and appears to have read that quite superficially; and of course he knew but little of the position of the SENTINEL, and of the ar-guments which it contains. In this we have a great advantage over him. We have been acquainted with the Statesman for a number of years. W e had the opportunity of attending their National Convention in Pittsburg, Pa., in 1874, which they consider of greater interest than any other they ever held. We have watched their movement with deep interest from its very inception in 1863. Having had but little public opposition, they have consid-ered their positions invulnerable, and them-selves almost infallible and Heaven-appointed teachers of a new science of Christian Govern-ment. It is this feeling of self-complacency or self-conceit that leads Mr. Leiper to say of the position of the SENTINEL that it grows out of "voluntary darkness or willful infidelity." We think the Statesman or its correspondents (the Statesman itself noticed us courteously) will find it much easier to bring such "railing accusa-tions" against the SENTINEL than to refute its arguments. This first effort, that of Mr. Leiper, is a sad failure to refute our positions, and even to comprehend them. Mr. Leiper quotes from the SENTINEL wherein it was shown that "if a question arises as to what is or what is not Christian law, usage, or institution, it must be determined by a court of justice. There is no disputing this conclusion, and yet it is a conclusion which ought to startle every one who contemplates such a change in our Government as would make such a proceed-ing possible." Now we still believe that the idea of settling religious questions in the courts of our .States and Nation is, and should be, startling to all who have a just regard for our civil and religious liberties. Mr. Leiper does not attempt to show that our conclusion is un-just; he does not question the propriety of set-tling religious disputes in our civil courts; but he attempts to justify their efforts to bring about such a state of things, and uses the fol-lowing language:Š " What a startling thing it Łmust have been for Nehemiah, the governor, to undertake to teach the traffickers in wines, grapes, and figs,  etc., a lesson based on the Fourth Command-ment. . . . What a crank Jonah was to undertake the audacious folly of preaching politics," etc. We think it has been sufficiently shown in the SENTINEL, that the theocratic Government of' Israel, with its necessary union of Church and State (for a theocracy must be a religious gov- ernment), is no model for any government since that dispensation. Does Mr. Leiper consider that, if the amendment is adopted, they will elect men to the position occupied by Nehe-miah ? Do these " reformers " think that, in the Government of their choice, they will oc-cupy the position of the prophets of old? If they affect such a thing they will have to give such evidences of their calling as they have never yet shown. If they do not intend to as- sume the office and position of the prophets, why do they make such references as this of Mr. Leiper? There is more of arrogance than argument in such words as those he uses. And Jonah did not "preach politics." He did not attempt to remodel the Government of Nineveh, nor did he seek for any place or office in its administration. He received a message directly from the Lord; he gave that, and that only, without any personal interference with the affairs of the Government. We fail to see any parallel to the work of the self-styled Na-tional Reformers, in that of Jonah. And we do not think they can show that any parallel exists. Such references may be captivating to those who but superficially examine these sub-jects, but they contain no argument whatever. We have a lesson to read to the National Reformers which we learned from the action of the church authorities, controlling the civil power, in Salem, Mass. If they had read this lesson of history to any purpose they would cease to refer, for a warrant, to those whose po- sition and circumstances were so different from their own. RELIGION WITHOUT THE CHURCH. This point is a hobby with the Amendment-ists. Concerning it Mr. Leiper says:Š "If the SENTINEL and many others had the wisdom to distinguish between the church and religionŠbetween protection and usurpation, it migt avoid many of its blunders." This is said in the effort to ward off the just charge that they are trying to unite the Church and the State. They say; not the State and the Church, but, the State and religion. But this distinction does not exist in fact, and is not regarded by Mr. Leiper and the party which he representS. This we will now prove. He speaks of our writing as follows:Š " J. H. W. stumbles at an utterance of Rev. 