628 AMERICAN SENTIN startling 'reforms.' For example, `this country was set-tled by' Englishmen; why not, then, acknowledge Great Britain in our Constitution? It was discovered by a Catholic; why not acknowledge the pope? The first set-tlers brought liquor with them; why not acknowledge brandy to be the national drink? The case seems to be that the National Reformers imagine they are living in,  colonial days, and are in ignorance that many evils cur-rent in those days were guarded against by the Constitu-tion adopted in 1789." I. 1. Ł -4 4 Civil Law and Morality. Civil, law is not fitted to deal with matters on the basis of their character as moral or immoral; its prov-ince is to consider them on the basis of their compatibil-ity with human rights. The Declaration of Independence sets forth that gov-ernments are instituted to preserve the natural rights of mankind; and the truth of the statement is declared to be self-evident. But it is a lie if the doctrine be true that civil law can properly concern itself with questions of morality. The Christian Statesman, however, and the "reform" party which it represents, evidently do not believe in the Declaration of Independence. In a late issue of the Statesman the editor makes note of the objection to Na-tional Reform work, that moral reforms must be put into the hearts of the people before they will come out in the life, and says:Š "But if the civil law has properly nothing to do with Sabbath, temperance, or other reforms, as matters of public morals, why should it have anything more to do with the moral principle of ownership in property or the sacredness of human life? Are we content to have re-gard for human life opproperty or the marriage rela-tion wrought into the hearts of the people and left there without any expression of civil law concerning impur-ity, stealing, and murder? No civilized commonwealth dreams of carrying into effect any such limping code of morals." This may look and sound plausible, but it is mere sophistry. The answer is that civil law does not prohibit theft, murder, and adultery in order to prevent immor-ality, but in order to protect the rights of the individual. If its object were to prevent immorality, it would utterly fail of its purpose; for according to the testimony of ScriptureŠand of human experience as wellŠthe man who covets, or hates his fellow men, or harbors impure thoughts, is as verily immoral as is the one who steals, murders, or commits adultery. Immorality is not an act, but a condition. It is impossible for an individual to commit an immoral act before he has become an im-moral person. He does not become immoral by committing the im-moral act, but he commits the immoral act because he has become immoral. "Out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaketh." Therefore, as stated, the civil law would utterly fail  of its purpose if, it should undertake to prohibit immor-ality. If that has been its object, it has utterly failed from the first. But civil law is not a failure. - It is necessary to civil government, and civil government is necessary to the preservation anJ enjoyment of individual rights, without which this life would fail to realize the purpose which it is designed to serve. And as no question, of the violation of individual rights is concerned in the observance or non-observance of the Sabbath, but only a question of morality, the civil law can properly have no concern with it. The law is bound to protect every person in his right of exercising his own judgment and free will in such a matter. IN the Republic of Colombia, South America, where the Roman church influences legislation, it is a misde-meanor for any one in a newspaper, book, or tract to say anything to "annoy" any archbishop or bishops in that which relates to their duties. A "Non-sectarian" Myth. IT is entirely proper that the Roman Catholic press should protest against governmental recognition of "non-sectarian" Protestantism. This is a myth which certain Protestant religious journals have persistently,  assumed to be a reality. They have assumed, in other words, that a union of Church and State could only be where the State was joined with some particular religious denomination, and that where State aid was given in be-half of principles and dogmas held by a number of denom-inations in common, no union of Church and State could be charged. These Protestants have always maintained emphat-ically that State aid or patronage given to the Catholic Church constituted a union of Church and State, but they have denied that a similar relation of the State to the Protestqnt Church in general, as distinguished from the adherents of the papacy, constituted a similar union. Now comes the Catholic Review (New York) with a strongly-worded demand that Protestants shall stand by their professions of regard for a secular government,Šprofessions madewhen opposing the advances of Rome,Šand that the government shall give no aid or recognition to Protestantism, just as she is asked to do toward the Church of Rome. The program of reform which this Catholic journal demands is given as the following:Š "Put the Protestant version of the Bible out of the public courts and the public schools; do away with the religious oath at the taking of testimony; discharge the Protestant ministers who are chaplains of legislatures, prisons, and reformatories; dismiss preachers and priests who are drawing money from the public treasury in pay-ment for their services in preaching their beliefs in the 