476 ANIERICiAN SENTINEL. But we have seen that the commandments are "the truth," and also that Jesus Christ is "the truth.;" there-fore the real object of the everlasting gospel is to call men to Jesus Christ and the fulness that is in him. This of course is what the gospel has ever been; but it is here (Rev. 14: 6, 7) emphasized in view of the fact that the mark of the beast (papacy) is to be enforced upon the consciences of the people; and which can only result, to them that yield, in their being drawn away from Jesus Christ. To save people from this it is neces-sary that they should know the relation of the com-mandments of God to Jesus Christ, that they may know that the rejection of the one is the rejection of the other. Let us for a moment look a little further at the law of God. Speaking of this law the Psalmist says, Thy righteousness is an everlasting righteousness, and thy law is the truth." Now that which is true of any thing as a whole, must be true of all its parts. It will there-fore follow that the law as a whole, being the truth, it is equally true that all its parts are truth. That law is set forth in the ten commandments. It must therefore be true that each one of the command-ments spoken of separately is truth; and that any one of them is as much the truth as any one of the others; and all of them together are necessary to make up the whole.  All this is as certain as that two and two are four. Each of the commandments being truth, and all of them together being "the truth," it must be evident that any thing that is not in harmony with any one of them can not be truth, and is therefore to be rejected But the fourth precept of the law plainly states that the seventh day is the Sabbath. This is the truth. Any other day therefore claiming to be the Sabbath is in direct conflict with the fourth commandment, and with the law as a whole. And that being so, Sunday, which is the first day of the week, cannot be the Sabbath, is not the truth, and is therefore to be rejected. Furthermore, the law is the truth, and the gospel is the truth. This being so it must be mathematically true that whatever is not in harmony with the one, can not possibly be in harmony with the other. As therefore Sunday is not in harmony with the law, it likewise is not in harmony with the gospel; being no part of the law, it is also no part of the gospel, and has therefore no connection with Jesus Christ. CERTAIN bishops in the Episcopal Church have ad-monished their clergy not to preach on topics connected with our war with Spain. Recently the Presbyterian Ministers' Association, of Richmond, Va., formerly de-clared their -"conviction that, while ministers and people in public and private should pray God's blessing upon our rulers, upon the officers and men of the army and navy, and that peace with honor may soon be estab-lished, yet it is the duty of ministers to proclaim from  their pulpits at all times nothing but the glorious gospel of the blessed God, according to our commission from the great Head of the church." Logically, Is This "a Christian Nation?".  BY CHAS. L. MANNING. THE men in power, commonly spoken of as the gov-ernment, are not the government itself, but merely serv-ants who are placed in positions of power as executives to enforce the government upon the people; they are not the power itself, but they possess and wiel i the power for a limited time. Government is an intangible, impersonal force which is omnipresent within its prescribed boundaries. It is intangible, because if the executives be removed and their places remain vacated, the force itself is no longer brought to view and no man can place his hand on it and say, "Lo, it is here; or, lo, it is there." It is every-where, but the presence of the officials makes its power felt more in their presence than elsewhere, or in such places or upon such persons as they may direct by law. Being impersonal it has no soul, hence cannot be saved; and no individual need ever fear that they will meet this or any other government in heaven lording it over the saints. But every soul which is a true child of God, a true Christian, and none other,Šnot simply by profession, but in reality,Šwill be there, and should a million supreme courts impute Christianity to this Gov-ernment, it would still be insufficient to give it enough Christian character to save it and admit it to the New Jerusalem. Our form of government "derives its just powers from the consent of the governed,'! and if it be true that "this is a Christian nation," then Christianity must be one of its "just powers." And if that be true, then we have no further need of Jesus Christ as a Saviour, for the Govern-ment may then exercise its power and compel us to ac-, cept its "Christianity" and be saved according to the plan it may prescribe, even against our will. That would be tyranny; and it is impossible for a true Christian to be a tyrant. But this is not "a Christian nation," for while it "de-rives its just powers from the consent of the governed," no man can impute righteousness, nor delegate his Chris-tianity or any portion of it, to another or to the govern-ment. It then remains for those who contend that "this is a Christian nation," to explain from whence it derives this one of its "just powers," and how an intangible, im-personal force can accept that which is designed solely for the individual. TRUTH and right are more illuminated by a single page of the divine Word, than by all the statute-books of the land. 