380 1-‚14E AMERICAN SENTINEL. protest most earnestly against the perse-cution even of a Torquemada; but it sug-gests a few questions, which we will ask in the next paragraph. We are certain that none will more roundly denounce the persecution in Vienna than our Methodist brethren them-selves. The question is, Can they do so with good grace, in view of the position taken in Chicago ? which circumstance, we are sorry to say, is not an isolated one. Is that which is wrong in Austria right in America? Or, to change the form, If per-secution in any form whatever, is right in America, is it not all right in Austria ? Or, Is it right for Methodists to persecute and wrong for Catholics ? We express no opinion in the matter, but would like to know what our friends think of the thing. Another question that is suggested by the action at Chicago, and elsewhere in Amer-ica, is this: If the Methodist body were recognized by the Austrian Government, and there should be a movement on foot among the Catholics of that country to en-force the observance of Sunday, as there is by both Catholics and Protestants in America, would the Methodists join in it and aid in oppressing even to extinction, a smaller sect that did not regard Sunday as a holy day, but as an ordinary working day ? By their action in America, have not our Methodist friends cut themselves off from the right to protest against the wicked persecutions in Vienna ? If this bitter experience should open their eyes to the evil of persecution in every degree, it would not have been suffered in vain. The fatal error of the Methodists in Vienna was in petitioning for recognition by the State. Thereby they conceded the right of the Government to suppress them. Whatever the State, grants it may take away. For any religious body to ask for recognition by the State, is to admit that without such recognition it has no right to exist; and that is, of course, to admit that the State is justified in suppressing it. The very worst thing that any State can, do for religion is to "recognize" it. Christianity is in the world by the author-ity of the King of kings, and not by any earthly sufferance. It has nothing to ask from the State because the State has nothing to bestow upon it. It has some-thing of inestimable value to bestow upon kings, and all in authority, as well as upon men in the humblest stations; but no man and no Government has anything that can be given to Christianity to better it. Man is less than God. " All nations before him are as nothing; and they are counted to him as less than nothing, and vanity." Isa. 40:17. Whoever, therefore, petitions the State for protection in the exercise of his religion, or even, by any means admits the right of the State to have anything to do with religion, either in the way of pro-tection or suppression, thereby shows, either that the religion which he professes has not the sanction of God; or else that he does not know the power of the God whom he serves;,  or else that he thinks the power and authority of men to be greater than that of God. Although the Methodists are not recog-nized in Vienna, and as a religious body they are outlawed, yet they have as good a chance as the apostles did. Indeed, they are better off. Here is a statement of the relation which Christianity sustained to the Roman State: "All the ancient reli-gions were national and State religions, and this was especially the case with the Romans, among whom the political point  of view predominated in everything, not excepting religion. The public apostasy of citizens from the State religion, and the introduction of a foreign religion, or a new one not legalized by the State (religio illicita), appeared as an act of high trea-son. In this light was regarded the con-version of Roman citizens or subjects to Christianity. 'Your religion is illegal' (non licit esse vos), was the reproach com-monly cast upon Christians, without re-ferring to the contents of their religion; to this was added the striking difference between Christianity and all that had hitherto been dominated religion."ŠNeander's Memorials of Christian Life, chapter 8. Yet, in the face of this, the early Christians proceeded to preach the gospel, without apologizing to the State, or asking any favors of it. When for-bidden to preach, the apostles said to the rulers, "Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye. For we can not but speak the things which we have seen and heard." They were successful, too, in their preaching, and their success was due to their trust in God, and to their refusal to admit the right of the State to interfere in matters of religion. "Put not your trust in princes, nor in the son of man, in whom there is no help. His breath goeth forth, he returneth to his earth; in that very day his thoughts perish. Happy is he that hath the God of Jacob for his help, whose hope is in the Lord his. God; which made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that therein is; which keepeth truth forever; which ex-ecuteth judgment for the oppressed; which giveth food to the hungry." Ps. 146: 3-7. Organizing in Virginia. REV. MR. GEORGE, of the American Sabbath Union, so-called, visited Win-chester, Va., recently in the interests of the Sunday cause. A correspondent tells the story of his failure to enthuse the town, as follows :Š The meeting was held in the Presbyte-rian church in Winchester, Thursday, November 3, 1892. On the same evening the Lotus Glee Club gave an entertainment at the Court House Hall. Mr. George said in his remarks that he met a number on the streets who expressed a desire to be at his meeting if it had only been held on another evening from that of the glee club. It is easy to see which was appre-ciated more of the twoŠthe glee club or mass-meeting. The population of Winchester is between six and eight thousand. I am sure there were not more than one hundred and twenty-five present. The resolutions say, "We, the citizens of Winchester, Va., assembled," etc. So not over one hundred and twenty-five persons acted for a town of between six and eight thousand, and not more than two-thirds of those present voted upon the resolutions. Mr. George, Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, had been to Richmond, Va., and affected a city organization of the American Sabbath Union. His object was to affect a State organization. In this he was unsuccessful, but thinks they will soon have a State organization. In his address here Mr. George said that " God dwelt with Israel and punished them for Sabbath breaking," and " Christian people are called to rally and preserve the  holy Sabbath." " There is on one hand the divine aspect, on the other the civil." He also said if the World's Fair gates were opened on Sunday that 60,000 per-sons would be required to work on the " Lord's day," in order that a few thousand might go in the Exposition. " We feel," he said, "that this question is settled in Congress, and will be." The resolutions adopted were as follows : Inasmuch as the sacred Scriptures clearly teach that the Sabbath is a divine institution, designed to promote the glory of God and the welfare of man in society and as individuals; and since all history teaches that God is dishonored, his laws set aside, and the best interests of man imperilled wherever the Sabbath loses its sacredness in the eyes of the people; therefore resolved: 1st. That we, citizens of Winchester, Va., as-sembled in mass, do most heartily approve of the action of Congress in requiring the gates of the Columbian Exposition at Chicago to be closed on the Sabbath day: 2c1. That we are especially pleased to know that all of the Congressmen from Virginia voted for this measure, and urge them, in case of any effort to reconsider and reverse their action, to hold the ground they have taken without wavering: 3d. That we hereby put on record our high ap-preciation of the work of the American Sabbath Union in endeavoring to uphold the sacredness of the holy Sabbath and prevent the dissemination of those loose and demoralizing views on this great subject that prevail generally in continental Eu-rope. It was my privilege to be present at this meeting, and now I can better realize the fraud and deception used by these people in accomplishing their aims and purposes. AMY A. NEFF. Persecution in Russia and America. THE persecution of Seventh-day Ad-ventists in Tennessee with the avowed ob-ject of either driving them from the State or of compelling them to practically abandon their faith, gives an added inter-est to the details of the persecution of Stundists in Russia. As in Tennessee the Adventists are regarded as a nuisance, so in Russia the Stundists are classed with famine and cholera. In a recent article in the Con-gregationalist, Rev. Benjamin Labaree says :Š The civilized world has been watching with painful interest the efforts of the Russian Govern-ment to rid itself of the four great pests, famine, cholera, the Jews and the " Stundists," for if in-formation which reaches us through public and private channels be correct, the last are counted no less a plague than the others. The hierarchy is moving to stamp them out in the same determined temper and by methods equally vigorous and ruth-less. " And yet," says Mr. Labaree, " these persecuted people represent spiritual re-vival in the Russian Church which car-ries with it all that is dearest and noblest to the heart of evangelical Christendom. Vital piety as against dead religious for-malism, spiritual intelligence as against crass ignorance and gross superstition, sobriety for inebriety, thrift for improvi-dence, mark the contrasts between these Russian Puritans and the mass of their neighbors, church ecclesiastics testifying thereto." But the Orthodox Church in Russia wants no revival of religion. A revival of genuine religion would be the death blow to priestcraft, and the utter destruc-tion of priestly influence; hence, the per-secution of the Stundists at the instiga-tion of the Russian priests. The origin of the Stundist reformation in Russia is told thus briefly by Mr. Labaree :Š About thirty-five years ago the work began in 