218 THE AMERICAN SENTINEL. but if the time speedily comes when these schools are controlled by the same element that made kings humble themselves in sackcloth, and endeavored to prevent the possession and reading of the Bible by the common people in their homes, and has stood so long as it dared to do so in the way of all progressive movements on the part of man, what then? The very moment re-ligious questions of any kind are in the slightest degree connected with the Gov-ernment, they are subjected by such con-nection to decision and construction by majorities, and the minority must yield to such decision and construction. " There is danger ahead. The battle now in progress in our own land between those on one side who wish to enter the wedge of religion into the body politic, and those on the other who stand for the Constitution which forbids such entrance, should receive the careful attention of every American citizen. No such prep-aration for the accomplishment of deep ecclesiastical designs as is herein unwit-tingly contemplated, should be made. Be-ware of the thoughtless step. Look ahead to the dire consequences of a union of Church and State. Look back to what it has done, and pledge anew your life and services to the perpetuation of political freedom and religious liberty." Some Scraps of Early New England History. (Condensed from "Two Republics.") THE early history of New England is the history of the Puritans, whose rise was on this wise: To escape the persecu-tions by Mary, in her attempt to restore Catholicism as the religion of England, many members of the Church of England fled to Germany. The worship of these while in exile was conducted by some with the rites of the Church of England as es-tablished under Edward VI, while others adopted the Swiss or Calvinistic form of worship. This caused Ła division, and much contention between them. " The chief scene of these disturbances was Frankfort." Those who maintained the English form of worship were called Con-formats, and those who advocated Cal-vinistic forms, were called Non-Conform-ists. The contentions finally grew so bitter that the Conformists drove the Non-Conformists out of the city. At the accession of Elizabeth, Novem-ber, 1558, the exiles returned to England carrying their differences with them. There the Non-Conformists acquired the nick-name of " Puritans." They were not only not separate from the Church of England, but it was not their purpose to separate from either the church or the government of England. It was their set purpose to remain in, and a part of, both, to " reform " both, and create and estab-lish instead a Puritan Church of England, and a Puritan government of England. As Elizabeth saw that the Puritan party was rapidly growing, she thought to check it by enforcing uniformity according to the established usage. Elizabeth, zeal-ously supported, if not led, by the Arch-bishop of Canterbury and his subjects, exerted all her power to crush the Puri-tans. And though the persecution was cruel, they bore it all with patience; first, because every-effort that was made to crush them only multiplied their fame and influence a hundred-fold, and, sec-ond, because they lived in strong hope of  better days, when James of Scotland should come to the throne. James, though a Presbyterian, contin-ued the war which Elizabeth had already waged against the Puritans and Congre-gationalists. They were so persecuted and abused by all classes, as well as by the officers of the law, that in 1608, they fled to Holland, stopping first at Amster- dam, and afterward going to Leyden in 1609. From there a company of these Pilgrims, sailed and landed at Plymouth, New England, in 1620. The success of this venture suggested to the Puritans a new scheme. Was not here an opportunity to establish a com-plete and unabridged Puritan govern-ment ? And was not the way fully opened, and the opportunity easy to be improved ? Enough ! They would do it. A company was formed, a grant of land was obtained, and John Endicott, with a company of sixty, was sent over in 1628. They joined a fishing settlement at the place afterward called Salem on Massachusetts Bay. In 1629 a royal charter was obtained, creating " The Government and Colony of Massachusetts Bay in New England ; " and four hundred and six people, led by Francis Higginson, were sent over, and Endicott :became governor of the whole colony. A Puritan or Calvinistic government was at once established and put into working order. A church was immediately organ-ized according to the Congregational form, with Higginson and Samuel Skelton as the ministers. All, however, were not inclined to Puritanism. Two persons of the former company at Salem, John and Samuel Browne, took the lead in worship-ing according to their own wish, conduct-ing their service after the Episcopal order, using the book of common prayer. Their worship was forbidden. The Brownes replied, " You are Separatists, and you will shortly be Anabaptists." The Puri-tans answered, " We separate, not from the Church of England, but from its cor- ruptions. We came, away from the com-mon prayer and ceremonies, in our native land, where we suffered much for non-conformity; in this place of liberty we can not, we will not, use them. Their imposition would be a sinful violation of the worship of God." In return the Brownes were rebuked as Separatists; their defense was pronounced sedition; their worship was declared mutiny; and they were sent back to England as "fac-tious and evil-conditioned men," Endicott declaring that " New England was no place for such as they." Higginson died in the winter of 1629-30. In 1630 there came over another company led by John Winthrop and Thomas Dud-ley, who were the governor and deputy-governor to succeed Endicott. " Their embarkation in 1630 was the signal of a general movement on the part of the English Puritans. Before Christmas of that year seventeen ships had come to New England, bringing more than one thou-sand passengers.' Dudley's views of tol-eration and liberty of conscience are ex-pressed in the following lines, which he wrote :Š Let men of God in courts and churches watch O'er such as do a toleration hatch, Lest that ill egg bring forth a cockatrice To poison all with heresy and vice. And Winthrop's estimate of the preach-ers is seen in his declaration that " I hon-ored a faithful minister in my heart, and could have kissed his feet." It was there- fore not at all strange that under the government of Winthrop and Dudley in 1631, the following law should be enacted : To the end this body of the commons may be preserved of honest and good men, it is ordered and agreed that, for the time to come, no man shall be admitted to the freedom of this body politic but such as are members of some of the churches within the limits of the same. "Thus the polity became a theocracy; God himself was to govern b is people; and the 'saints by calling,' . . . were, by the fundamental law of the colony, con-stituted the oracle of the divine will. . . . Other States have confined political rights to the opulent, to free-holders, to the first-born; the Calvinists of Massachusetts, re-fusing any share of civil power to the clergy, established the reign of the visible church, a commonwealth of the chosen people in covenant with God." This was the Calvinistic system pre-cisely. The preachers were not to hold office 'in itself, but they were to be the rulers of all who did. For, as no man could be a citizen unless he was a member of the church ; and as none could become members of the churches or even " pro-pounded to the congregation, except they be first allowed by the elders;" this was to make the preachers supreme. This is ex-actly the position they occupied. They were consulted in everything, and every-thing must be subject to their dictation. How these Puritans, who had them-selves fled from persecution in Europe, further used the power that they acquired in Massachusetts, will have to be told in subsequent numbers Of THE SENTINEL. Just and Reasonable. AT the Lutheran Conference which has lately been in session at Freeport, Ill., resolutions were passed relative to legis-lation upon the school question, in that State, which are eminently just and sen-sible. The resolutions read as follows:Š We, the German Evangelical Church, for our conscience sake, demand of our [State] government the absolute control of our school and educational system, therefore we demand: 1. The repeal of the present and unjust school law, and 2. The enactment of a new, just, compulsory school law not containing the following points: a, that the compulsory period for parochial schools begin at any certain time; b, that the child attend any certain school; c, that parochial schools be approved or supervised by any State official; d, that instruction be given in certain branches or in a certain language; e, that empowers State officials to take truants anywhere but to their parents as long as the parents fulfill their lawful duties; f, that infringes upon the rights of parents in any manner; g, that allows public money to be used for private purposes; h, that connects Church and State in any manner. 3. We solemnly protest against any class legis-lation pertaining to parochial schools. We desire for ourselves to keep this question out of politics as long as possible. We instruct our committee, how-ever, to watch the evolution of the whole matter with due care, and keep us posted, so that we can act intelligently. These resolutions do not question the propriety of compulsory education in a general sense, but protest forcibly and wisely against any legislation upon the subject of education which shall infringe upon the natural rights of the parent or the pupil, in the family relation or reli-gious connection. The first request as to what the law should not contain, that it should not fix particular dates for the opening of paro-chial schools, or virtually do that by setting a certain time for the beginning of the compulsory period, as applied to 