406 AMERICAN SENTINEL. exempt church property are in the same clause, and are read in the same breath. There are many who contend that when the Supreme Court ruled against the clause providing for the $300 exemption on personal property it also knocked out the proviso for the exemption of church property." The Sabbath : What Its Reception or Rejection Involves. "Present Truth," London, Eng. IN the beginning "God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it," and thus made it a blessing and a channel -of sanctification or holiness to man. He then taught man to "remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy," or to sanctify it. God made the day holy and He instructed man to treat it as holy that he might thus receive the blessing of holiness through it; but when man treats the -day as common time he fails to receive the Sabbath bless-ing through God's appointed channel. It is not in the power of man to make a day holy, neither can we receive the blessing of holiness through a Łday which the Lord has not made holy, even though we should outwardly treat it as though it were holy. So when we turn away from the day which the Lord has made holy and accept any other day in its stead, we are thus turning away from the Lord's own channel, of holi-ness for us. This is the great loss with which we meet in following the traditions of men instead of obeying the Word of God. So intimately related is the "holy Sabbath" to "the holy Scriptures" and to the "holy child Jesus," that it cannot be consistently disregarded by those who profess to receive the other two for what they really are, and it is worth noting that the power which professes to have changed the Sabbath has practically put itself above the Bible and Christ. So long as the Bible is received as the Word of God, and the example and instruction of Jesus is followed, so long the seventh-day Sabbath will be ob-served, and when the seventh-day Sabbath is knowingly disregarded, the logic of this act really demands that the Bible and the work of Jesus should be set aside. The Roman Catholic church in its teaching openly states that the Bible commands the observance of the seventh day and no other, and that there is not a word in the Bible authorizing a change of the day, and it just as openly teaches that the church changed the Sabbath from the seventh to the first day of Ł the week, andŁ that there is no other authority for the change. It is only consistent therefore for it to treat the Bible as of second-ary importance as compared with its owntraditions, and to make the intercession of the Virgin Mary of more value than the intercession of Christ. In all this the Roman Catholic church puts itself above God, but it is consistent in the way in which it does it. So long as one receives the Bible as the Word of God, and acknowledges its authority as supreme, so long will he  see that the seventh day is the Sabbath, and that the in-tercession of Jesus is all that is needed for man or that can avail anything for man, and when one rejects the Lord's Sabbath; the logical result will be to reject the authority of the Word of God, and to receive the word of man instead, and to accept a supposed human helper as of more value than is the help of Him who alone is able to save. But this is not a question simply of cold logic. In thus turning from God's appointed blessings and chan-nels of blessing man meets with an irreparable loss. If we receive the salvation of God at all, we must receive it through the channels which He Himself has established, and the blessing of holiness should be so highly prized that we should be glad to receive it in any way which the Lord may appoint. The original Sabbath still remains as a sign and a pledge of God's power to make holy, and the true keep-ing of the Sabbath, the entering into His rest, is the ex-perience of His presence who only can make and keep us holy. God's purpose in the gospel has always been the same, that we should be "created in righteousness and holiness of truth," and His means of accomplishing this result have always been the same in making us "par-takers of the divine nature," and so the Sabbath remains unchanged and unchangeable, a channel for this blessing of holiness to man. o-44  How Consistent ! "LET no man judge you in meat, or in drink, or in respect of an holy day, or of the new moon, or of the Sabbath days," quotes the Michigan Christian Advocate, of June 19, in reply to a correspondent who wanted proof for Sunday observance; and on the same page the Advocate expends a column of severe invective against the people of Mt. Clemens, Mich., far being "profaners of the Lord's day." "Has Mt. Clemens gone mad ?" ex-claims the Advocate. Oh no, Mr. Advocate, we reply; Mt. Clemens has not gone mad; but they believe in let-ting no man judge them in respect of an holy day or of the Sabbath days, and have been conducting themselves accordingly. The sabbath desecration against which the Advocate declaims consists in playing baseball on Sunday. A ma-jority of the citizens of Mt. Clemens, it is said, are in favor of Sunday baseball; butfsays the Advocate, "There is a good precept somewhere on record to `follow not a mul-titude to do evil.' " But it may be that the Mt. Clemens people have fortified themselves with this argument which the, Advocate gives on the same page in its reply to cor-respondent aforesaid : "The whole Christian world, except the Jews and a few Adventists, is observing the Lord's day Sabbath all right;" and "This big world was not fooled, as they would fain have us believe, away back in the early centuries." The Mt. Clemens people probably 