578. THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. overthrow the taskmasters and set the people free to serve the Lord. One of the foremost advocates of this idea is Prof. George D.' Herron, of Iowa, who is widely known as an author and lecturer. " Christianity," says Prof. Herron, "'needs the state for its realiza-tion." " The people can never be wholly Christian," he affirms, " until the state becomes the organized Christianity of the people." When the 'state be-comes Christian it will make and enforce Christian laws, and this will be the true remedy for the evils under which the people are held in servitude. So we find Prof. Herron and other would-be reformers,  of the dayŠa large number and representing power-ful organizationsŠturning to politics and legislation, to secure from thence the word of command to the modern Pharaohs, " Let My people go, that they may serve M'e." Now, there are certain things recorded in sacred history which we are told were written for the in-struction and admonition of the people of later times. Rom. 15:4. And particularly is our atten-tion called t6 the history of the ancient Israelites, who were the, chosen people of God. The Israelites in Egypt were in a worse condition of bondage than are the people of this day, who, we are told, would be good if they only had a chance. They were in actual slavery, and so bitter was it that when Moses spoke to them of deliverance " they harkened not unto Moses for anguish of spirit and for cruel bond-age." Ex. 6: 6-9. And from this bondage they were delivered, and their deliverance was as full and complete as God himself could make it. The Om-nipotent,,by a most awful display of his power and majesty, broke the power. of Egypt and set his peo-ple free upon the pathway to Canaan, drowning all of Pharaoh's army in the Red Sea as the final crown-ing act in the drama of their emancipation. No de-liverance from oppression could possibly be more complete; no exercise of power, political or legisla-tive, could ever afford a people a better chance to be good than was given to that ancient people who went up out of Egypt. But what was the result? Were the people good because they at last had a .chance to be good? Alas ! the truth was far other-wise.. Scarcely had they gotten out of Egypt before they began to murmur and complain. First, they murmured because there was a lack of water; and, neat, because they were afraid they would starve to death in the wilderness; and then they saki, " Would  to. God that we had died by the hand of the Lord in the land of Egypt, when we sat by the flesh pots, when we did eat bread to the full." Ex. 16: 2, 3. They began to be sorry that they had ever been delivered. The rigorous bondage under which they had groaned in Egypt seemed actually to be prefer-able to their condition as a"free people; and this was, their sentiment on every occasion when they were put to the test. At Sinai, while Moses was absent on the mount, they set out to return to Egypt, hav-ing first made them a god to lead them back like unto one of the gods of Egypt. And, finally, out of the whole vast multitude that experienced the great deliverance from Egyptian bondage, just two indi-viduals went through to the land of Canaan ! The rest all died in the wilderness, and their deliverance, great as it was, profited them nothing. How much, then, will it profit the people of this day, morally and religiously, to be delivered from the " slavery " of which Mr. Herron and his asso-ciates complain? How much can politics and legis-lation do for the people in the way of elevating their lives to the plane of righteousness? So far as de-liverance from oppression was concerned, the Israel-ites had.all the chance in the world to be good, but they failed completely, and even sighed for their former state of life. What was the trouble? Ah, they had not been delivered from the bondage of sin.. That was the deliverance that they needed,,  and that is the one thing needful for the people everywhere at this dayŠthe one thing that will bring them peace and contentment and real and lasting benefit. Mr. Herron and his fellow-reformers may as well cease their efforts to promote righteousness by legislation. They can at most only lead the peo-ple out to perish in the wilderness. Their vision of an earthly Canaan is but a mirage in the desert. This history of the experience of the ancient chosen people was written expressly for the benefit of the people,  of this latter day, and why will not the would-be reformers, who are beseiging legisla-tures and grasping at political power in the name of the Lord, be admonished by the lesson it sets before them? Why will they not cease trying to reform society by might and by power and seek its accom-plishment by the Spirit of God?' It is their own fault if they turn away their ears from the truth and become blind leaders of the blind. Ł s. THE truly free man is he who rules himself_ 