340 A.IVLE.1.1b C.Ek.N NTT' INMILA VoL. 11, No. 43. ous bills always before Congress and State legislatures; and it is to such legislation that the peculiar organizations direct their strength. Plainfield, N. J., Oct. 15, 1896. ETHICS OF SUNDAY LEGISLATION. BY E. J. WAGGONER. IN quite a number of the States there is at present considerable agitation for the passage of additional Sunday laws and for the en-forcement of those already in existence. This is directly in the line of National Reform work, and is a danger to American liberty, of which the AMERICAN SENTINEL, as a watchful guardian, must give warning. There are very many people who are opposed to the work of so-called National Reform, who would heartily support a law enforcing Sunday observance, not perceiving that every argument against National Reform in general is equally valid against this particu-lar phase of that work. We purpose to note a few features of Sunday legislation and how it works injustice to a large class of citizens. There are two grounds upon which Sunday legislation is based: one the "civil" and the other the religious; and The Two Are Antagonistic, although both are often held by the same in-dividual. On one side it is claimed that Sunday should be enforced, not as a religious institution, but as a civil holiday, and that Sunday laws are to be regarded as police reg-ulations. Others plead for laws enforcing Sunday rest, on the ground that Sunday is the "Christian sabbath." But upon which-ever ground Sunday legislation is urged, such legislation is entirely inconsistent with per-fect civil and religions liberty. If it be urged that man's physical nature requires rest on one. day in seven, and that the Government should set apart Sunday as a civil holiday, and restrain people from working thereon, it comes directly in conflict with all usage in respect to holidays, and cannot be consistently sustained by sound reason. There are quite a number of days that are set apart as na-tional holidays, yet on none of them are people forcibly restrained from labor if they choose to work. This very fact shows The Absurdity of the Claim that Sunday legislation is not religious legis-lation, for no advocate of Sunday laws would be content for a moment with a law placing the day on a level with other holidays. Again, the absurdity of the idea of enforc-ing Sunday observance because of man's physical need for rest is equally evident. For example: It is just as certain that man's physical nature requires a certain amount of sleep in every twenty-four hours as it is that his physical nature requires rest one day in seven. It is an undeniable truth that thou-sands of people do not take regular rest, and that they suffer physically because of the lack of a proper amount of sleep. Now, if it be granted that a State has a right to enforce Sunday observance because people need the physical rest, then it necessarily follows that the State has a right to enact that everybody shall take a given amount of rest in each twenty-four hours. And on that ground we might expect the Government to compel peo-ple to go to bed every night at ten o'clock, and to prescribe the hour when they should  arise. It is certain that no one can maintain Sunday legislation from a civil standpoint, and it is equally certain that no one really has this in view. It must be, then, that it is as the "Chris-tian Sabbath" that the plea is made for en-forced Sunday observance. But when it is put upon this ground -we have the State legis-lating on matters of religion, and thus step- ping outside of its sphere. ndeed, Sunday Legislation Stands For Union of Church and State. For if the State can legislate in behalf of one Christian institution, it may with equal pro-priety legislate in behalf of all of them. If it can enforce the observance of the "Chris-tian Sabbath," it has also -a right to enforce Christian baptism. But the right to enforce any religious tenet depends upon the right to decide upon matters of faith, for before the State legislates in behalf of any practice, it must first decide that that practice is correct. Indeed, such decision is implied in the very act of passing the law. Therefore we say, if the State can enforce the observance of the Christian Sabbath, it may also enforce bap-tism, and may determine what Christian bap-tism is, whether sprinkling, pouring, or im-mersion. It may also with equal propriety enforce the sacrament of the Lord's supper on all within its jurisdiction, and can determine how it shall be celebrated, whether in one kind or in both. And This is Union of Church and State, as much as has ever existed in any age or in any nation. So we say that all, no matter what their religious belief, who are opposed to the union of Church and State, must be opposed to the enactment of Sunday laws. But whether the observance of Sunday be enforced from a civil or from a religious standpoint, it cannot fail to be unjust and oppressive to a large class of law-abiding cit-izens. We refer to those who cosncientiously observe the seventh day of the week. We know that it is commonly urged that Sunday laws do not interfere with the rights of any Sabbatarian, because they leave him per-fectly free to carry out his conscientious convictions by resting on the seventh day of the week. But if it is man's religious duty to rest on one day in seven, which all advo-cates of Sunday laws allow, then it is also his religious privilege to labor on six days in seven. Now, if a man conscientiously be-lieves that the word of God demands that he shall rest upon the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, and the State compels him also to rest upon the first day of the week, it is certain that his religious privileges are in-terfered with. Again, if rigid Sunday laws are enacted, and a man is punished for laboring on Sunday after having conscientiously kept Saturday, such punishment is nothing less than Persecution For Conscience' Sake. His punishment is really as much for his ob-servance of the seventh day as it is for labor-ing on the first day. Thus: Necessity com-pels him to labor six days in the week for the support of his family; and the divine com-mand certainly gives him the privilege of working six days, if it does not really com-mand it. But his conscience imperatively forbids him to labor on Saturday, the seventh day of the week, therefore necessity and re-ligion compel him to labor on the first day of the week. That is to say, his labor on the first day of the week is made necessary by his conscientious observance of the- seventh  day of the week. So, then, if he is punished for his first day labor, he is equally punished for his seventh day rest; and so it becomes clear that the enactment of Sunday laws, and the execution of penalties for the viola-tion thereof, is simply persecution for con-science' sake. ALLEGIANCE TO THE CONSTITUTION. THEY are not personal sovereigns in them-selves who are referred to in the words, "The powers that be are ordained of God." It is the governmental power, of which the sove-reign is the representative, and that sovereign receives his power from the people. Outside of the theocracy of Israel there never has been a ruler who has justly ruled on earth, whose dignity was not derived from the peo-ple, either express, or permissive. It is not any particular sovereign whose power is or-dained of God, nor any particular form of government. It is the genius of government itself. The absence of government is anar-chy. Anarchy is only governmental con-fusion. But the Scriptures say, " God is not the author of confusion." God is the God of order. He has ordained order, and he has put within man himself that idea of govern-ment, of self protection, which is the first law of nature, which organizes itself into forms of one kind or another, wherever men dwell on the face of the earth; and it is for men themselves to say what shall be the form of government under which they shall dwell. One people has one form; another has an-other. This genius of civil order springs from God; its exercise within its legitimate sphere is ordained of God, and the Declaration of Independence simply asserted the eternal truth of God when it said, "Governments de-rive their just powers from the consent of the governed." Whether it be exercised in one form of government or another, it matters not. The governmental power and order thus ordained is of God. If the.people choose to change their form of *government, it is the same power still, and is to be respected still. The power is still ordained of God in its legitimate exercise, in things pertaining to men and their relation to their fellowmen; but no power, whether exercised through one form or another, is ordained of God in things pertaining to God, nor has it anything whatever to do with men's relations toward God. The Constitution of the United States is the only form of government that has ever been on earth that is in harmony with the princi-ple announced by Christ, demanding of men only that which is Caesar's and refusing to enter in any way into the field of man's rela-tionship to God. This Constitution sprung from the principles of the Declaration of In-dependence, and on this point simply asserts the truth of God. The American people do not appreciate to the one hundredth part the value of the Constitution under which they live. They do not honor in any fair degree the amble men who pledged their lives, their fortunes, and their sacred honor, that these principles might be our heritage. All honor to those noble men. All integrity to the principles of the Declaration of Independence. All al-legiance to the Constitution as it now is, under which we live, which gives to Caesar all his due, and leaves men to render to God all that they, instructed by the word of God, guided by their own conscience enlightened by the Spirit of God, may see that he requires of them. 