AMERICAN" SENTINEL. 653 do as God tells us to do; and I'm sure the Bible must tell us how to keep it, too ; and I don't believe he wants us to be shut up, prison like, all day, while he lets the birds fly about and sing as if they were praising the Lord for j oyŁ "Al Wilson told me they were always glad at his house when Sabbath came. I don't believe Mr. Wilson sleeps and snores half the day on the lounge, and spends the rest of the time in eating and going to meeting; and then if the children make a little noise, speaks out, cross-like: Joseph!" Mary !' as my father does. Let's find out how the Wilsons keep the Sabbath." "All right. Good bye!" Ł A. SMITH. THE London (Eng.) Christian World mentions the following incident as showing "the notion some church people have of 'religious instruction.' " It illustrates the practical working of the principle of State teaching of religion in the public_schools:Š "A diocesan inspector visited a certain school in one of the Eastern counties, a school in which there was a good number of children of Nonconformists, and in test-ing their religious knowledge he asked the question : By what was Noah saved?' Up went a forest of hands. ' said the inspector. , 'The ark,' was the answer from the whole school. No,': said the inspector; `you are all wrong; Noah was,saved by the water; and so God taught us that we were to be saved by the waters of bap-tism. Never forget that.' Anbther question was asked, but not a hand was held up. Another was tried. The same result. The inspector expressed his surprise that the children could not answer; his questions. Next day the mistress of the school scolded the children for not answering, when she was quite sure they could have an-swered correctly. One of them said : We wouldn't an-swer any more questions, because he didn't know any-thing about Noah. Why, the people were drowned by the water, and he said Noah was saved by it.' " The American Medical Missionary College. THE third session of the American Medical Missionary College Will open November 3. New and enlarged quar-ters have been secured in Chicago, and a new surgical dispensary is being fitted up there, and several additional teachers have been added to the corps of instructors. Nearly fifty applications for entrance have already been received. There is still room for a few well qualified young ladies. The openings for young women with the right qualifications are exceptionally excellent at the present time. Those interested should correspond imme-diately with the undersigned. J. V. KELLOGG, 28 College Place, Chicago, Ill. MR, VANS PETERSON, of Iroquois, S. D., in remitting for his subscription, writes: "I can say that the SENTINEL  is getting better all the time. I have been a reader of it during a good share of its existence, but now it seems to me to be far better than in its beginning. That is good Šthat is as it should be. Let thewarning trumpet sound loud and clear." -4  A Good Book at Hall Price. Bible Readings for the Home Circle.ŠThis book comprises 162 readings for public and private study, and answers nearly three thousand questions on religious topics, practical, historical, and prophetical. The work is profusely and beautifully illustrated, and con-tains 600 octavo pages, printed on a superior quality of tinted paper, embellished with 57 full-page engravings and 170 ornamental headings, together with 10 full-page scriptural and prophetic diagrams, 3 colored plates, and other attractive features. This book, when perfect, never sells for less than the regular price, which is $2. We have a number of these which are very slightly damaged, and we propose to give our patrons a benefit by our loss. These books are nice enough for any library, and just the thing to lend to friends for perusal. We will close them out, postpaid, at $1 each. THE LAST CALL. WE hereby give notice that the present offer of our premium Bible with the Sentinel for one year for $3 will CLOSE ON NEXT FRIDAY. To give our friends at a distance from us an equal chance with those near by, we will honor all orders received which are accom-panied by a money order or bank draft on New York dated on or before Oct. 22, 189'T. After that date the price will be as formerlyŠBible and Sentinel, 1 year, $3.50. TO OUR PATRONS: 1. Write names plainly. 2. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, or Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Personal checks are not desired. 3. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co., not to the editor or any other individual. 4. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities and any kind of good money. Defaced coins will not be taken. If paper money or coin is sent, register the letter. ER1CAN SENTIN     Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore uncompromisinp ly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in principle.. Published Weekly by Paeifie Press Publishing Go. Single Copy, Per Year, 44 Six months, 44, Three " ADDRESS. AllERICAN SENTINEL, . - - 39 Bond Stieei, NOW YoilE SEW . .50 25 