50 YEARS' EXPERIENCE PATENTS TRADE MARKS DESIGNS COPYRIGHTS, &C., Anyone sending a sketch and descriPtfOnleay quickly ascertain. our opinion free whether 'an invention is probably patentable. Communica-tions strictly confidential. Handbook on Patents sent free. Oldest agency for securing patents. Patents taken through Munn & Co. receive special notice, without charge, in the-  - -Scientific Amman Ł A handsomely illustrated weekly. Largest cir-culation of any scientific journal. Terms, $3 a year; four months, $L Sold by all newsdealers. MUNN & Co 36111roadway,  New York Branch Office, t25 F St.. Washington, D. C. . THE LEGAL SUNDAY 510 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. swing. The mayor informed the elders that their presence was distasteful to Mansfield, might cause serious trouble, and that while no violence would be attempted, they would be escorted out of the city and placed on a train. The policemen showed the Dowieites to a carriage and drove them to Crestline, as per promises." This seems almost incredible. These men were only doing what they had a perfect right to do. But the officers sworn to administer the law violated it by dispersing a peaceable assembly! TRADE EDITION, PRICE $1.50. "Desire of Ages." IIM.11111=111111.1Ł111111111115 IN answer to an urgent demand we have gotten ;out an edition of "Desire of Ages" without illustrations, in small compass, on light paper, for the convenient use of those who want to carry a copy with them when travel-ing. There is also a class who do not feel that they can itifordibapay $3t50-for the beautiful subscription edi-tion. To all thesethioplain edition will appeal. It contains all the text of the sUbscription edition, Including General and Scriptural Indexes and Appendix, but no illustrations except the frontispiece. THE TRADE EDITION is 53x73 inches in size, and contains 1042 pages. PRICES: Cloth, - $1.50 Pull leather, round corners, 2.00 PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 39 Bond St., New York City. Religious what is Liberty? "Ya.ia.)(14  THE importance of a correct understanding of this question, and the principles govern-ing the true relation and attitude of the church and state can not be overestimated. Jefferson says, " The spirit of these times may alter, will'alter," and it must be apparent to all that religious legislation is rapidly gain-ing favor in the public mind, and is embed-ding itself in the fundamental law of the land in defiance of the Constitution and all Ameri-can Institutions. The Religious Liberty Library Nos. 1 to 26 will answer the many questions arising in your mind on the subject of church and state. They are substantially bound in cloth, in three volumes; price. for the set, $1.25, postpaid. Address THE REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING CO., Battle Creek, Mich. By the late JNYIES T. RINGGOLD of the Baltimore Bar This is one of the most faithful and interesting histories of the American Sabbath ever written. 256 pages. Enameled covers. Price 25 cents.. Interriatiottal. Religious Liberty 'fiss'i. 324 Dearborn Street, gbicago, Kansas City, Mo. Oakland, Gal. 