48 AMERICAN SENTINEL. NEW YORK, JANUARY 18, igoo. THE czar has issued a rescript in which he announces that it is Rus-sia's intention to rule the Pacific, or at least that portion of it in prox-imity to the coast of Asia. Evi-dently he is not prepared to admit the new American contention that "the Pacific is our ocean." WE give considerable space in this issue to a consideration of the policy of foreign conquest as affecting American principles of government, because the matter is now before Congress for their final action, and a speech has been made before that body which clearly defines the ideas and aims of the expansionist party. If we may judge from 'this speech, it is no longer pretended that an "imperial destiny" is not what that party has in view for this Republic. SEVERAL months ago, in Chatta-nooga, Tenn., a woman shot and killed a man on the stage of a thea-ter in that city, in plain sight of hundreds of people. Yet at the con-clusion of her trial, the jury after only a few minutes' deliberation, brought in a verdict of "not guilty." What is this but encouragement for people to take law and juitice into their own hands, and to believe that under certain circumstances they can commit murder with impu-nity? ALL denominations in Philadel-phia, including Roman Catholics, have joined in an undertaking to se-cure a religious census of the city, to be taken in one dayŠFebruary 22. The enterprise is under the di-reetion of the "Philadelphia County Sabbath-school association," and the statistics gathered will be placed  in the hands of pastors and Sunday-school officials. It is at least sug-gestive of an assumption of religious authority which might readily be turned against the rights of the people. THERE are three discoveries which are usually involved in the process of absorbing new territory into the domain of a powerful nation. First Šalways firstŠthe discovery is made that the new territory is very valu- able. Next it is discovered that the stronger power owes a duty to the weaker power to educate it in the ways of right living, in the mean-time taking charge of its affairs and - the custody of its possessions. And third, it is seen that the hand of God is in it pointing the way to destiny, and that the extension of sove-reignty can be carried out as a really pious undertaking. And this third stage in the process appears to have been reached by the United States, for we hear the nation being called upon by its statesman to go for-ward and take forcible possession of the riches of the Orient, "with reverent hearts" and "in the fear of God." A happy combination in-deed of "duty" and pleasure! A MEMBER of the "United Christian Party" has sent us a copy of the "Declaration of Principles" of that organization, and informs us that "We do not seek to unite church and state, but we seek to unite professed Christian voters to work and vote for righteous principles." We do not doubt that this party is not working to secure his concep-tion of a union of church and state, and therefore do not question his honesty in making this statement. His conception of church-and-state union is held by very many honest and good people, but it is a narrow one. He would have all "professed Christian voters," unite to put in political office men who will enforce "righteous principles" in govern-ment. And it is certain that religious "righteous principles" are intended,  because the call is to "Christian" voters. This simply means, therefore , the enforcement of religious beliefs and institutions through politics, or the union of religion with the state. It can have no practical significance other than this. But this is just what is done under a union of church and state. Of course, this would not mean that the state would side with one popular church against another popular church, as these people think would be necessary to constitute a union, of church and state. They have in mind the well-known churches of the land,And a union of church and state means, to them, a union of the state with some one of these, to the exclusion ofŁthe others. But this, even if it could be done, would be but a mild form of church-and-state union, for the reason that the other popular churches would be too powerful to be treated with dis-respect. They would be able to en-force their rights, and would of course do so. An illustration of this is seen in England to-day. The "Church of England" is the estab-lished church; it is joined with and supported by the state. But the Nonconformists are as large a body as the state church; and the result is they are treated with respect and no serious infringement of their rights is attempted . It is where one church is powerful, and another weak and unpopular, that church-andŁstate union is seen in its malignant form. It is then that the dissenting body is despised and treated with contempt, and the rights of its members trampled upon and accorded no serious considera-tion. This is the way it has always been 'in history, and this world will never become so good that history will not repeat itself in this respect. It should be remembered that the worst evils of church-and-state union were seen under the long reign of the papacy, when only one "Chris-tian" church was known and recog-nized in the world. It' was then that persecution raged most fiercely against the small, weak, unpopular, despised bodies of true Christians. 