176 A.MEIEIRIC A INT SIEl‚Trr 1W1.40 VoL. 10, No. 22. Nuw YORK, MAY 30, 1895. Viv-  ANY one receiving the AMERICAN SENTINEL without having ordered it may know that it is sent to him by some friend. Therefore, those who have not ordered the SENTINEL need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. THE SENTINEL will have a representative at the trial, this week, of Mr. Nash, a Seventh-day Adventist, recently arrested in Mississippi, and our readers can depend on a prompt report of the case. READ the article, " The Lord's Interpreta-tion of the Second Commandment vs. the Roman Catholic Interpretation," on page 173. Every Protestant should know how to answer the carpings of Rome. WE are glad to note that our efforts to brighten and freshen the AMERICAN SENTI-NEL are appreciated by our readers. And now let them help us sustain the character of the paper by aiding in an effort to increase its circulation. LET it be remembered that it is not the fault of the law nor of the courts of Georgia that J. Q. Allison, an honest man and a good neighbor, is not to-day serving a sentence of " twelve full months " in the chain-gang for plowing in his own field on Sunday. THE bill referred to in these columns last week, introduced into the Tennessee legislature exempting from the penalty of the Sunday law, observers of the seventh day, was defeated in the House on the 14th inst., by a vote of 57 to 24. The facts are given on another page by C. L. Boyd, of Nashville. The Ad-ventists asked bread and received a stone; they asked equality and are refused even toleration ; they asked liberty but bonds and imprisonment await them. THE Boston Pilot (Roman Catholic) in its issue of May 18, says:Š If it [the AMERICAN SENTINEL] will persuade itself and some of its anti-Catholic neighbors not to lie about them [Roman Catholics], that will suffice. The AMERICAN SENTINEL lays no claim to infallibility, but it does desire to tell the truth; and if the Pilot will point out wherein the AMERICAN SENTINEL has lied about Roman Catholics, the SENTINEL will sustain its utter-ances or print an apology. Will the Pilot do as much with its charge that we have lied about Roman Catholics ? THE first two articles in this paper treat of the case of J. Q. Allison, convicted on the 15th inst. in the Superior Court of Douglas County, Ga., of " violating the Sabbath." These articles are interesting and will repay a careful perusal. The judge's testimony as to the irreproachable character of the defendant is worthy of note, as is also the simple but earnest manner in which Mr. Allison gave the  reasons for his refusal to obey the Sunday law of Georgia. The cause of the Bible Sabbath lost nothing in this trial. The humble farmer with:truth on his side is more than a match for a whole State; and even though he had gone into the chain-gang he would have gone a victor. THREE Seventh-day Adventists in Bienne, Switzerland, have just been imprisoned for refusing to send their children to school on the Sabbath. When Elder Holser was im-prisoned for keeping the Seventh-dayAdvent-ist Basel publishing house open on Sunday, it was said that the law did not interfere with his right to keep the Sabbath if he wanted to, but only forbade him to operate a factory on Sunday; but how about the law requiring observers of the seventh day to send their children to school on the Sabbath ? Does that law " leave Seventh-day Adventists per-fectly free to keep Saturday if they,  choose to do so " ? " KOREA," says the Independent, "is not yet a Christian country, even if the Ministers of Justice and the Interior are Christians; and it is surprising to learn from The Korean Repository, published at Seoul, that since the appointment of the new ministry, on the rec-ommendation of the Prime Minister, the gov-ernment offices are closed from Saturday af-ternoon till Monday morning." But we fail to see anything strange about this fact. Sun-day was originally a heathen festival, and why shoild it not be still honored by heathen na-tions? It is a prediction of Holy Writ that all the world shall worship the beast, the papacy, and y this will be done by exalt-ing the 'Sunday, = adopted by the papacy from paganism, and made the badge of papal authority. AN exchange announces that a bill has been introduced in. the Illinois Senate aimed.  at Schweinfurth, the so-called prophet, of Rock- - ford, Illinois. It provides that whoever as-sumes or pretends to be a deity or to .possess the attributes of a deity, or pretends to be a son of God, or Jesus Christ, or claims to be ,the incarnation of the Holy Ghost, shall be  deemed guilty of a; misdemeanor, "and on `con= viction, shall be imprisoned in the penitentiary for froth one to two years. This measure exhibits a lamentable ignor-ance of the principles of religiouS liberty, and the sentiment behind the bill is more danger-ous than the pretender, Schweinfurth. Let Illinois keep a level head and proceed against her bogus Christ in a statesman-like manner. It-  is none of the State's business whether Schweinfurth claims to be the incarnation of Christ, the Holy Ghost, Confucius, Moham-med, or Beelzebub. It is only when his claims lead him to violate the rights of his fellow-creatures that the law can properly interfere, and then only with his acts and not his claims. Illinois already has ample law to cover the case. If the element behind the proposed law had lived in the time of our Saviour, it would doubtless have joined in the cry, " Crucify him." THE Sunday newspaper has another enemy. One of the monthly magazines of this city complains that the Sunday papers have in-vaded its domain, and that instead of buying the magazines people now buy and read the Sunday papers. We may now expect to see the publishers of literary magazines join the crusade against the Sunday paper, in the in-terests, of course, of " good morals " and " a day of rest for overworked printers and newsboys." THE Christian Work says:Š The college student who abhors compulsory attend-ance at chapel would probably reject compulsory sal-vation. He ought to reject it, for compulsory sal-vation is unchristian. Christ says, " Whoso-ever will," let him come. It is the compul-sory-salvation error that gave rise to papal persecutions. This is not to condemn the reg-ulation of a denominational school requiring attendance at chapel services at the opening of the daily session; but it only condemns the Christian Work's unfortunate attempt at its defense. THE Boston Republic (Roman Catholic) is willing to give credit where credit is due. Of the tendency to adopt Romish ceremonial, it says: " If it does not ultimately bring about the reunion of all Christians in one true faith, it will yet have some good effect. Formerly it was a severe task to get prospective con- verts to understand and accept the ceremonies of the church. The Protestant sects, in adopt-ing them and using them in their churches, are doing a great deal of educational work which formerly came upon the shoulders of the Catholic priests. Protestants, in thus be-coming acquainted with Catholic ceremonies, render themselves easy converts to the faith." Romanizing Protestants ought to paste this in their hats. THE National Reformers would have us suppose that the political doctrine that gov-ernments derive "their just power from the consent of the governed," had its origin in the infidelity of the eighteenth century. But more than two hundred and fifty years before the signing of the Declaration of Independence, and more than two hundred years before the utter rottenness of the Papal Church in France had filled that country with the infidelity which we are told gave rise to the doctrine that the people are the source of civil author-ity, Luther, Linek, Melancthon, Bugenhagen, and Amsdorff, " the fathers of the Reforma-tion," announced the same doctrine. In a letter to the Elector Frederick, they said : " No prince can undertake a war without the consent of the people, from whose hands he has received his authority." This was good Protestantism and good Christianity then, and it is just as good Protestantism and just as good Christianity now. AMERICAN SENTINEL. Set for the defense of liberty of conscience, and is therefore uncompromisingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of Church and State, either in name or in fact. Single copy, per year, - - - $/.00. Address, AMERICAN SENTINEL, 43 Bond Street, New York City. 