J24 AmnittIscAN rot. 8, go. 41. out interfering with the rights of others choose to observe some other day than the first day of the week as their day of rest have been persecuted by unreasonable men who availed themselves of im-perfect laws. The principle laid down in the Prohibition plat-form fully covers all such cases. While it provides that he who regards the first day of the week as the sacred day of rest shall be protected in observing it the same principle would protect from persecution any person who conscientiously observed some other day. The fact that imperfect laws, under corrupt officials, have been used as a means of op-pression is not an argument against just laws, enforced by honest officials, for the protection of all men in their religious rights The trouble with this utterance is that the conclusion that a legal rest-day is a necessity is based on a false premise. Thousands of Seventh-day Baptists and Seventh-day Adventists, not only in the United States but also in Europe, South Africa, Australia, New Zealand and other countries, are so many living witnesses that a rest-day can be regularly and reli-giously observed without the aid of civil law. Of course in some cases it involves more or less self-denial, but it is not the province of civil government to legislate the cross out of our Christianity. The Christian should be willing to endure hardness as a good soldier of Jesus Christ. C. P. B. The Influence of Puritan Religious Legislation Upon Subsequent Christianity. [A thesis prepared by T. J. Van Horn of the University of Chicago.] HISTORY is not an artificial grouping of isolated facts. " No man liveth unto him-self " is a well-established fact in social life. Equally true it is that no fact in history stands alone. If it is true, as Em-erson says, that there is a relation between the hours of our life and the centuries of time, much more is there an organic rela-lationship existing between the facts of history. One stands related to events preceding which have caused it, and to events following after, of which it is it-self the cause. He is a poor student of history who knows only the location of the battle of Poitiers, its date, the forces engaged on each side, the number of killed and wounded, the name of the gen-erals in command, and allows his inquiry to stop there. He will be a student in a truer sense who seeks an answer to the questions, Why did this battle occur ? What are the consequences to follow ? In no branch of investigation is the question " Why ?" more important and appropriate than in history. It is often-times not the easiest of solution. It may require the wisdom of inspiration to re-veal the import of the "Mene, mene, tekel uphatsin," marking off the epochs co/time. Some one has said that history is an intri-series of causes and effects, acting and reacting upon one another. And the success of the student will depend upon his ability to interpret a fact in its relation to other facts, and its bearing upon the whole Puritanism is one such epoch. It has had a marked influence, not only upon the life of the Church, but upon the general events of the world. Like every other epoch, it has had its ruing sun, its days, not without clouds and storms, and its setting sun. Martyn has aptly said, an epoch is not cut short by dates. The departure from the New Testament doctrine of the general priesthood of be-lievers, and the establishment of an eccle- siastical hierarchy; the merging of pagan philosophy with the simple truths of Jesus of Nazareth; the confusion of Church and civil power; the substitution of the cen-tral doctrine of Christianity, salvation through faith in Christ, for the outward forms of that religion, were important steps leading down into the darkness of the age in which the popes, and ignorance and superstition, held sway. The age in which the word of man was substituted for the Word of God, and that precious document, hid away by the careful craft of jealous ecclesiastics, never reached the ear of man except as it came perverted and distorted. A period, in short, which made an age like puritanism necessary. One stands aghast at the state of cor-ruption in the Church which the early light of the reformation revealed. But the scholarship of Wycliffe, the wit of Eras-mus, and the brave enthusiasm of men like Luther and Tyndale, drew the Bible from the monasteries; wrenching it from the jealous hands of the popes, they broke the seal of the dead languages which for centuries had kept it from view, and translating it into the tongue of the com-mon people, scattered it broadcast over the land. Ere many years the prophecy of Tyndale to an angry theologian,Š" If God shall be my helper I will cause the boy who drives the plow to know more of the Bible than you do," began to be ful-filled. The despotism of the hierarchy had been broken, and long strides had been taken in that reform which the Puritans sought to perfect, when Thomas Cart-wright, in the middle of Elizabeth's reign, began his career which historians have somewhat arbitrarily indicated as the beginning of puritanism. But Elizabeth, as it has been said of Luther himself, did not begin to get the rags of popery-off her. If her legislation against Romanism was especially " stinging and acute," it was prompted by a jealous care of her own prerogative. It was legislation aimed at Roman interference in England, rather than against Romish doctrine and disci-pline. " Her ritual," says one, " differed so little from the papal forms, of service that a stranger could not detect the differ-ence." Against the policy of this maiden queen so determined to root them out, the Puritans, with the open Bible before them, felt called upon to protest. These dissen-ters, who were becoming so obnoxious in the eyes of Elizabeth and her coadjutors, were people who were making, and were not without the means of making, a com-parison of the forms of religion which she sought to force upon them, and the forms prescribed in the New Testament. For, as Green says, "England became the land of a book, and that book was the Bible." They were philosophic enough to detect a wide difference. On the ground of this difference they based their objection to the Anglican faith. The vestments, confirmation, kneeling at the sacrament, bowing at the name of Jesus when pronounced, the priest's holy days, the form of baptismal service, the burial service, were some of the points to - which the Puritans sternly objected. Not only because they were unscriptural, but be-cause they were imposed by civil author-ity alone, nor yet so much because they were imposed by civil authority,Šas we may justly infer from their subsequent history,Šasobecause this civil authority was vested in one person. The queen and the court reformers, insisted on these as  matters of indifference as far as Bible authority was concerned, and therefore might be enforced by civil law. The Puritans regarded them as matters of importance, because they were points of contact with the Romish church, and therefore must not be tolerated. Not a discussion, nor even a statement of all the points of agreement and dis-agreement between the two parties, inter-esting as it might be, should detain us here. One, however, stated by Neale, in his admirable resuna6 of the salient fea-tures of these points, in his history of the Puritans, is important for us in the con-sideration of our topic. Both Puritan and conformist agreed too well in asserting the necessity of uniformity in public wor-ship, and for using the sword of the mag-istrate for the support and defense of their principles of which both made an ill use whenever they could grasp the power in their hands. The standard of uniformity, according to one, was the queen's suprem-acy and the statute laws, according to the other, the decree of provincial and national synods allowed and enforced by the civil magistrate. Neither party admitted that liberty of conscience which is every man's right. With an inflexible zeal the Puri-tans began to promulgate their views; and with an iron purpose to enforce uniform-ity according to her standard, the queen began to persecute. But, in spite of her rigorous measures of suppression, they spread with rapidity, until, within half a century after the death of Elizabeth, the civil power of England was in the hands of the Puritans. The Lord Protector Cromwell was peremptorily dictating terms of peace with Holland, inspiring the awe, and receiving the compliments, of the crowned heads of Europe, and even frightening the Pope himself with the threat, that unless he redressed the cruel-ties inflicted upon the Waldenses in the Piedmont, his cannon would thunder at the gates of Rome. Such, briefly and im-perfectly, was puritanism in its inception, principles, and what it came to be in tem-poral power. How shall we regard this strange phenomenon of civil and religious history, which, in so short a time, rose to such prominence in the annals of the world ? How shall we interpret some of the strange facts and incongruities which we notice in the progress of their growth and development ? That there should arise such a reaction against religious tyranny and oppression, does not seem strange to one who knows something of human nature and has studied the movements of history with any purpose. With a principle which they considered of supreme importance and for which they firmly stood, though opposed by fire and sword, it is not unaccountable nor unnatural that the Puritans should develop a moral character which has exer-cised the power of orators to extol, and the genius of the poets to sing; and to which has been justly ascribed the preser-vation of the most in our moral and reli-gious character that is of permanence and value. That this moral power should attain such strength among them, situated and environed as they were, until Crom-well's " Ironsides " advancing irresistibly against the forces of King Charles I., may be regarded as its fit emblem, is not phe-nomenal. More difficult is it to understand why there was not a reaction against religious legislation, since he had sufft red so much under it,Šthat, when on American shores 