260 A.TUDEIRACA.N SIENTaxmL, VOL. 31, No. 33. in it at the command of a " Christian " ruler and conduct it upon "civilized" methods. It is only the coming of the Prince of Peace in the clouds of heaven, with the judgments of divine wrath in his hand against the wicked, that will make wars to " cease unto the ends of the earth." Lord Wolseley and his mili-tary compeers have much better judgment on this point than the theologians. s. Ł $  Ł  " THE IMPENDING CRISIS." [THE following is the substance of an address by Major T. C. Ryan, well known as a lecturer on patriotic themes, before a large audience in the People's Temple, Boston, Mass., Sun-day, July 19, and reported in the Woman's Voice (Boston), of July 25.] My theme to-day is, The Impending Crisis. Never before in the history of our great Re-public have the American people stood on the verge of a revolution that may not only en-rich our soil with the blood of its own citi-zens, but unsheath the sword in other lands. He who cannot see the cloud on the political horizon, much larger than a man's hand, and ever increasing in size and blackness, whose thunder shall be the boom of cannon, and whose lightning the flash of swords, needs to turn his eyes to the history of our American Republic. I hope to be understood by what may fol-low. I do not look for immediate war, and pray God that no rivers of blood may again flow. Yet I see but one way to avert the storm now pending, and that is for the Amer-ican people to arise in their manhood, and by the ballot without reference to political affiliations strangle the despotism of Rome while they may. The famous decision of the Supreme Court in the Dred Scott case, voiced by Chief-Jus-tice Taney, when he declared that "the black man had no rights that a white man is bound to respect," precipitated the great rebellion, which dug more graves and put more men into them than any other war on record. While this decision was being formulated, Congress was passing laws to make it compul-sory on every man in Massachusetts if he saw a negro guiding his steps to liberty and Can-ada by the North Star, to send him back to his merciless taskmaster. But God spoke to the free people of the North, and they swore around the family altar and on the old family Bible, that though the stars should fall they would never prostitute their manhood by keeping back one slave from liberty. . . History repeats itself. The Supreme Court haffdeclared that we are a Christian nation, and it is proposed at the very next meeting of this body to have this construed into a de-cision that will mean the destruction of our liberties. You may not agree with me, but I can't help that. God has put into my heart what , I am about to say. I have spent days, weeks, months, over it, questioning the oracles of our past history. And now I say to you, consider this question prayerfully, thought-fully; take it to the bar of reason, examine it by the light of the past, and let no man rob you of your free heritage. Remember, it is but a short time since Satolli came to this country, and every Roman Catholic paper pub-lished what I shall read to you: " The coming of Mgr. Satolli will elevate the United States to the first rank as a Cath-olic nation. Heretofore she has stood before the church as a missionary nation, but now it is freed from the propaganda, and is consid-ered by the Pope as a self-governing power  subject only to himself." This was copied into all the secular papers. The Supreme Court in declaring that ours is a Christian nation, is doing just what Rome wants the United States to do, and what will surely plunge us into the vortex of civil war. Good Protestant people are forming them-selves into line to forward this most danger-ous scheme, and even yet on the public grounds of Boston may be heard the crackling of chains forged in the Vatican. . . . If Protestantism does not rid itself of Ro-manism the churches will be looking for con-gregations, not congregations for churches. The Supreme Court declaration was not true, for not more than one-third of our population are Christian people. . . . Our nation is formed of all shades of religious belief. To all it says that their faith shall be respected, and their right to worship God as conscience may dictate. Let the Constitution remain as it is. There is no court of law, State or na-tional, that can legislate the love of God into the heart. . . . If I had the power all differences between Catholics and ProtestantsŠI do not mean be-tween Catholicism and ProtestantismŠshould be buried in one grave. But instead of cater-ing to and compromising with the devotees of Rome, let us labor for their education, only remembering that there can be no union be-tween Protestant and Catholic until there is absolute guarantee of the separation of Church and State. There must be taxation of church property; monastic institutions must be put on the same footing with those of Protestants, the Jesuits expelled, and the Roman Catholic Church in this country made to acknowledge the supremacy of the civil power. We will take a bishop's or a priest's advice when it is good, but reserve to ourselves the right of separating the chaff from the wheat. God will hold us responsible for letting the Roman Upas tree be planted on our soil. In-stead of protests from press and pulpit, they have given her all the encouragement she could want. The people want to hear the truth, and to-day many ministers are preach-ing to empty pews because they do not dare tell the truth God bids them tell. Such cow-ardice is the most prolific source of the infi-delity of the age. THE TRAINING OF " CHRISTIAN " PRINCES. [" Ouida," in June "Forum."] THERE ay two little boys now conspicuous in Europe, one is eleven and the other eight years of age; one is a crowned prince, and the other a crowned king; the former is the most dreary and self-conscious little prig that ever was drilled in pipe-clay and buckram, and the other is still a high-spirited child, bold, saucy and lovable; but both the Prussian Kronprinz and the Spanish Rey Nino, have already but one thought in their young heads: War. The pompous little German lieutenant only lives for dreams of strategy, manoeuvres, krieg-spiel, the importance of buttons, the dignity of stripes and grades, the superiority of gun-powder and chemicals; and the bright Nino climbs on Marshal Campos' knees, and begs to be told how Moors were killed in Morocco, Cubans in Cuba, and how many years he will,  have still to wait before he too can have the joy of killing them. Divine education of Christian princes I These children 'are taken respectively to the Lutheran service and to the Catholic mass; and they are alike told that they are the serv- ants of the Son of Peace, and what are they in truth being made, both by education and example? They are made the scourge of their own generation and of the generations to come. They are being taught to hope for and to aspire to direct the slaughter of their people and of neighboring peoples, to find their toys in military science, their theatre in the battle-field, their ambrosia in blood. The little lads who run now before their carriages in the dust, shouting their names with joyous outcry, will be for them a score of years hence, crippled, maimed, riddled with shot, torn with explosive bullets, drowned by torpedos, blown up by mines; thousands yet unborn will arise to curse them; mothers will ask their dead sons at their hands, and ask in vain; villages will burn up like wisps of straws, and cities crumble like trodden ant hills at their word; they are innocent themselves as the atoms of tubing of the tin sardine boxes which hold the detonators, and the iron nails of the bomb; but as these are filled with the deadliest fumes and fire of hell, so are these boys from their earliest infancy filled to the throat with the lust, the pride, the appetite of war. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT IN SOUTH AFRICA. [South African Sentinel (Cape Town), July, 1896.1  THE last session of the Free State Volks-raad has been considering a bill providing for a more strict observance 'of the first day of the week, or Sunday. The following, from the Cape Times, of May 16, 1896, shows how the question is viewed by some of the mem-bers:Š This morning the Raad discussed the law for the better observance of the sabbath. The commission reported that work at the mines was necessary for the welfare of the industry, recommended doubling the tariff on Sunday telegrams, and were of opinion that not much sabbath desecration in  the way of amuse-ments existed. Mr. C. Wessels opposed it on the ground that it infringed the liberty of the subject, and referred to the case of Jews, whose Sabbath was on Saturday, but would under the proposed law be compelled to observe the Christian sabbath. Messrs. J. Wessels and Steyn objected that if the Jews did not care to observe the Christian sabbath, they should stay away. Mr. Cloete argued that the law was con-trary to the institutions which guaranteed full relig-ious liberty. Mr. Van der Walt said that under this law the President could be arrested for driving to church on Sunday. This afternoon in the Raad the discussion was continued. The law was strongly sup-ported by Mr. Fraser, who said that mine owners rest on Sunday as well as burghers, and there was not the slightest necessity for games such as tennis, football, etc. After a lengthy discussion the Rand approved of the principle of the law. Ł Sabbath rest is a thing of the heart, and is a matter between the individual and God; and for this reason is beyond the purview of earthly governments. All do not agree in reference to the observance of the sabbath; some keep a different day, and some observe no day whatever. Any law, therefore, which is en-acted requiring the recognition of a particu-lar day, must necessarily result in an infringe-ment of conscience. Mr. C. Wessels, foresee-ing this dire result, opposed the bill in the Volksraad on this ground, and cited the case of the Jews as an illustration. The reply made, that "If the Jews did not care to ob-serve the Christian sabbath [Sunday] they . should stay away," is all the argument neces-sary to point out the tyrannical nature of Sunday laws; for certainly any law which de-prives a man from becoming a citizen of a country because of his religious convictions is oppressive. It is no more consistent to force a certain day of worship on all, than to require every- 