790 AMERICAN SENTINEL. called attention to the fact that the minister of Christ had a high calling, second to none, not even to that of president of these United States, for the minister is called and commissioned of God. His citizenship is in heaven, and his business is to preach the Word, nothing more, nothing less. He is called and separated unto the gospel of God. He must come out, be separate, touch not the unclean thing. You have all acknowledged that politics are very unclean; so, brethren, take your hands off. Shall the ambassador of Christ leave his God-given work, step down from the highway of holiness, to dabble in the mud-hole of politics? Surely not, for he can find enough of the world, the flesh, and the devil in the ordi-nary walks of life, without going into politics. Then, brethren, this making people Christian by the arm of the civil law is foreign to the gospel. God leaves every man free to choose. The essence of the gospel is freedom, which voluntarily submits to absolute truth,Šfreedom of affection, and freedom of the will. To each of us each day, the Lord says, "Choose ye this day, whom ye will serve." His service is perfect freedom, for "where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty,"Šthat is, lib-erty for you and every other man. 11 1,Ł Notes from the Philadelphia National Reform Convention. [Tins convention met in Philadelphia, December 7-9, to discuss the so-called "Christian principles of civil gov-ernment." Among those prominent at the convention were Rev. Dr. John McNaugher, Rev. W. T. Chase, Rev. Dr. Josiah Strong, of New York City, and Dr. David McAllister, ed-itor of the Christian Statesman. There was much said that was full of interest and significance. This will be evident from a perusal of the following notes of the convention, taken for the SENTINEL by Mr. W. L. Win-ner:Š] Dr. MeNaugher, who presided, in his opening address, began with defining the object of the National Reform Association as "standing for a governmental recognition of God as the source of all government, and Jesus Christ, God's Son, as the nation's Lord and King; the Bible as the ultimate rule of civil life and the supreme test of loyal citizenship." He said, "As a nation we present the anomaly of standing before the world a Christian people, but with an unchristian Constitution. We seek to remove the anomalous position that has been Łfastened upon us, and proudly present to the world a constitution and govern-ment that is consistent in character with our people. CLEVELAND'S THANKSGIVING PROCLAMATION CITED. "Our national life as a Christian people found its in-ception in the sturdy manhood and religious simplicity of the New England Puritans. It is made more impres-sive and sure by virtue of our organic usages and ens- toms, which culminated a few years ago in that grand monument of national Christianity, the last Thanksgiv-ing proclamation of President Cleveland." He made reference to the charge of their opponents that this movement is but "a parchment reform," and declared that it was "infinitely more;" that it contem-plated a "radical, tangible reform that has already entered, and will be fought out, upon the arena of free thought." As to the charge that National Reform means union of church and state, he cited that the movement "is not championed by any one distinct denomination or reli-gious class. There is, in our land, no dominant sect, and there can be no more systematic concert. This is a suffi-cient answer; union of church and state in this country is impossible." He showed the need of reformŠciting the social, in-dustrial, and political conditions, and declaring that the existence of all these things gave "a sufficient reason for the most earnest efforts toward the enthronement of Christianity in civil life." "To this end we seek alliance with all organizations seeking the same end." "This is radical reform -What must be done is an awakening of public sentiment far and wide." HOW THEY WILL USE THE CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR AND KINDRED SOCIETIES. He referred to the Christian Endeavor and allied or- ganizations as being "the hope and the instrument of this work." "Their numbers, enthusiasm, and influence, indicate a condition of manhood disciplined for its speedy advancement." The point that is rapidly assuming the first importance in their activity is "the assertion of Christianity in the political sphere." This point was taken up by the Rev. Dr. Strong, who in his speech said:Š "We propose to use these societies to distribute re-form literature to every one that can be reached and influenced. The leaders of these societies are in full sym-pathy with this plan, and I feel sure that the rank and file are just waiting to be set at this great work. "The young people had been drilled and now appreci-ate the fact that they must go into the field and fight. General McClellan was fond of drilling his troops, but didn't want to fight them; he was too careful of them. He was very fond of them, and was spoken of as being like a father to his troops. This fatherly interest, to-gether with the seeming disinclination to fight, caused some one to remark that McClellan was so good a father to his men that they were not likely to ever get a step father. But Father Endeavor Clark is not that way. He has his men well drilled and is ready and willing to fight them." WHAT IT MEANS. He stated that "if one in ten Endeavorers would dis-tribute twelve leaflets once a month, it would mean six million in a year." He referred to the coming of the kingdom of God by means of this reform effort, in a manner that was dra-matic in the extreme, ending with the declaration, "I be- 