Judicial Decisions Antagonistic to the Legal Status of Sunday Observance JUDGE RODMAN, of the supreme court of North Carolina, gave Sunday sacred-ness a legal unveiling by his decision in a case where the defendant contended that the judgment pronounced against him by a lower court was " void because the verdict was rendered on Sunday." To this Judge Rodman replied in his obiter dictum as follows : Š What religion or morality permit aur forbid to he done on Sunday is not within our province to inquire. In different Christian countries, and in different ages in the same country, very different opin-ions have prevailed upon this question. In this State in general, every act may lawfully be done on Sunday which may lawfully be done on any other day.ŠNorth Carolina Reports of the Supreme Court, Vol. LXXIV, pages 167. 168. Nor can any legislature or court legiti-mately prohibit on Sunday any act which is lawful on any other day. Any act which is in itself legitimate and honorable on all other days can be forbidden on Sundays only upon a reli-gious basis. When the state legislates in favor of the proper observance of Sun- day, it enacts religious laws and forms a union of church and state to that extent. Every criminal act is prohibited and every civil requirement is covered by the gen-eral laws which apply to each of the seven days of the week. Upon what ground, then, is special legislation needed to prohibit uncivil acts on Sunday, when such acts are already prohibited on every day of the week? The only answer that can be given to this question is that a certain class of citizens want all people to act as if they were religious on Sun-day, and therefore prohibit them from doing civil acts. When citizens are pro-hibited from doing civil acts on Sunday 184  which axe lawful on other days, then the state is enforcing religion under penalties as verily as a theocratic government ever enforced religion in the past. The farther back we trace Sunday observance and Sunday legislation, the more pagan is its character seen to be. The Sunday institution has been desig-nated as " the wild solar holiday of all pagan times." Webster in tracing Sun-day to its origin, says : " Sunday ; so called because this day was anciently ded-icated to the sun or to its worship." Sir William Domville, a noted English his-torian, says : " Centuries of the Christian era passed away before the Sunday was observed by the Christian church as a Sabbath. History does not furnish us with a single proof or indication that it was at any time so observed previous to the Sabbatical edict of Constantine in A. D. 321." Š" Examination of the Six Texts," page 291. We have the most indubitable proof that Constantine's first Sunday law was purely a heathen enactment in honor of a heathen festival. The church after- ward adopted this identical festival day in its canon law, and made its observance obligatory upon all Christians, and later upon all nonconformists. But it was not until more than five hundred years after Christ that any judicial cognizance was taken even by Christian judges of Sunday as a rest day. In the " Cyclopedia of Law and Pro-cedure " Vol. XXXVII, page 584, we read : Š Anciently the courts of justice sat on Sundays. Two reasons for this are given in Sir Henry Spelman's " Original of the Terms," one being that the Christians laid aside all observance of days in op- 