PATRICK HENRY ADDRESSING THE VIRGINIA ASSEM- BLY AND PROTESTING AGAINST THE ESTABLISHED RELIGION 64  LIBERTY servance of this day is that it should come to be a mere perfunctory and formal observance." Nothing could be more calculated to accomplish this than to place the teaching of religion in the hands of those whose hearts are not filled with its love. To make the profession of Christianity a test for a teacher, would exclude many capable men and women who are too honest and sincere to act the hypocrite, and yet who would be excel-lent instructors. Again, as already men-tioned, it would cause some insincere persons to make a pretense of Christian-ity in order to secure posi-tions as teach-ers in the state schools. After a 1 1, this is not the most serious objection  t o the proposed plan. Even Christians themselves are not agreed as to what consti-tutes the true principles o f Christian i t y . As soon as the schools should attempt to teach Christianity, the things taught would of necessity be the conception of some one man or some body of men. Nat-urally, some one else would disagree, and trouble would ensue. The matter would go to the courts, and ultimately to the Su-preme Court, for a decision as to what constitutes true Christianity. No sooner would that decision be secured than we should have a state-established religion. Where there is a state-established re-ligion, there must of necessity be a state-established head of that religion. That means a union of church and state. That would also mean that some one's religion would be favored above that of another. That would destroy perfect religious liberty. One of the best au-thorities on American law has said : " There is not complete religious liberty  where any one sect is favored by the state and given an advantage by law over other sects. Whatever establishes a dis-tinction against one class or sect is, to the extent to which the distinction oper-ates unfavorably, a persecution, and if based on religious grounds a religious persecution."Ñ Cooley. If a decision of the Supreme Court should be given on the question and should be accounted final, that would be accounting the magistrate as infallible, and granting him the right to settle dif-ferences of religious opinions. It would be rendering to Caesar the things which belong to God. We cannot do better here than to introduce some noble sen-timents ex-pressed by the Hanover Pres-bytery in that noted year 1776. En writing to the general assem-bly of Virginia, protesting against being taxed for the support of a state-estab-lished church, the following pertinent truths were uttered : Ñ " There is no argument in favor of es-tablishing the Christian religion but that may be pleaded with equal propriety for establishing the tenets of Mohammed by those who believe the Alcoran ; or, if this be not true, it is at least impossible for the magistrate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects that profess the Christian faith without erect-ing a chair of infallibility, which would lead us back to the Church of Rome." True religious liberty recognizes the right to worship or not to worship. It recognizes that religion is and must be a voluntary service ; that only that kind of service is acceptable to God. It is not given to any earthly power, civil or eccle-siastical, to compel conformity to any 