COL. RICHARD M. JOHNSON, OF KEN- TUCKY, AUTHOR OF THE SUNDAY MAIL REPORTS 4 LIBERTY May this immense temple of freedom [United States] ever stand a lesson to op-pressors, an example to the oppressed, a sanctuary for the rights of mankind! Š General Lafayette, in reply to a committee sent by Congress to express its gratitude for his service ' to this country. Liberty Not Properly Appreciated But the battle for liberty was fought on this continent a hundred years ago. We enjoy liberty today, scarcely think-ing of the way in which it was obtained. Many have grown up believing that no other condition ever existed, and that freedom was always respected. Feeling that this liberty is safe and secure, they look with in-difference and even contempt upon those who view with alarm the va-rious inroads that are being made upon the liberty of our nation. Liberty cannot protect itself. The records of history testify that liberty has always been in danger. At times it was a stranger on earth. Its en-emies are no less aggressive today than in ages gone by. Liberty must be jealously guarded. For years there have been discussions as to which religious denomination should be given the credit for establish-ing religious liberty in this-  country. But the real, vital question is, Who is going to protect and preserve the liberty that we now possess ? Religious Liberty the Fruit of Division Religious liberty as we know it, grew largely out of the jealousies and fears of the many warring sects of colonial times. One denomination persecuted an- other. The established church of one State would put a ban upon the mem- bers of other churches in other States. A: Madison stated, when debating the adoption of t h e. federal Constitu-tion in the Conven-tion of Virginia :Š Happily for the States, they enjoy the utmost freedom of religion. This freedom arises from that multiplicity of sects which per-vades America, and which is the best and only security for re-ligious liberty in any society ; for where there is such a variety of sects, there cannot be a majority of any one sect to oppress a n d persecute the rest. Š"Elliot's De-bates,"Vol.III, p. 330. Sects Combining to Destroy Liberty The multiplicity of sects which made way for religious liberty in the early days of our history, is rapidly becoming a menace to the same liberty today. At the present the many divisions of the Christian church are combining in great federations and associations. The power The sacred rights of mankind are not to be rummaged for among old parchments or musty records. They are written, as with a sunbeam, on the whole volume of human nature, by the hand of Divinity itself, and can never be erased or obscured by human power. That is what is called the law of nature, which, being coeval with man-kind and dictated by God himself, is, of course, superior in obligation to any other. No human laws are of any validity if contrary to this. It is binding over all the globe, in all countries, and at all times.ŠAlexander Hamilton. Quoted in " Christian Life and Character of the Civil Institutions of the United States," page 144. 