v4_ \1,4 Sunday Baseball Is Legal in Tennessee, but Sunday Gardening Is Not _ . . --- 71-[41,' . -r-- r4  Ł Ł ŁŁ Ł !-, - — S7- LIBERTY 71 offenders at that; and, furthermore, the ques-tion as to whether a particular act is a viola-tion of the statute will depend largely on the personal views of the particular jurist making the application. One might consider it a vio-lation while another would not, and the result would be that the law would not be uniform, fixed, and certain.. . " The State of Texas has a statute as follows: " Any merchant, grocer, or dealer in wares or merchandise, or trader in any business, etc., or the proprietor of any place of public amuse-ment, who shall sell, barter, or permit his place of business or place of public amusement to be  tivities of our people. It is known, of course, that baseball is the most generally practised, patronized, and approved of all the games of exercise, and that it is the cleanest and fairest of all manly sports, and excites rivalry in the youth of our land, and that every village and hamlet has its favorite " nine," and many and ambitious youths who dream of the day when they shall equal if not excel Matthewson, Speaker, Cobb, Napoleon Lajoie, and Honus Wagner. It is also well known that for many years, in many of our larger cities, baseball on Sunday has not only been frequently but con-tinuously played, where an admission fee is open for the purpose of traffic or public amuse-ment on Sunday, shall be fined,' etc. ﬂ The law further defines a place of public amusement to include circuses, theaters, variety theaters, and such other amusements as are exhibited and for which an admission fee is charged.' " A game of baseball was played in a base-ball park on Sunday, and an admission fee was charged. An indictment followed, and it was contended that the language used included base-hall. The doctrine of ejusdem generis was invoked. But the supreme court said: " It is elementary, before a citizen can be punished as a criminal, that the offense must clearly be defined by the statute and an appro-priate penety fixed. Further, it is a rule of construction well known that in undertaking to fix and place the meaning upon the statutes, we should do so in the light of contemporaneous history, and in reference to the habits and ac- charged. Now it would have seemed in the light of these facts, that if it had been the leg-islative intent to condemn this form of amuse-ment and include it within the statute under consideration, it would have been an easy mat-ter to have done so in express words, and not left the matter at least clouded in doubt. Again, it is worthy to be remembered as part of the political history of the time, that many efforts had been made within the last few years in the legislature to make the playing of base-ball on Sunday an offense, without success. It would seem that, if it were already an offense, these efforts would not have been put forth' ... " We have not been furnished, and have been unable to find, a single case holding a statute of this character, passed prior to the date that baseball became known, applicable. And even as to similar statutes, passed in recent years, the weight of authority seems to hold that they do not apply to baseball. 