LIBERTY 121 The Great Martyr " If we let him thus alone, all men will be-lieve on him: and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and nation. And one of them, named Caiaphas, being the high priest that same year, said unto them, Ye know nothing at all, nor consider that it is ex-pedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not." John it :48-50. The apostles were accused and persecuted, all but one of them to the death, as disturbers of the peace, men who had " turned the whole world up-side down," and all through the ages " national welfare has been the justification of reli-gious bigotry in all lands. The trouble with the Continent is a failure properly to discrimi-nate between the sphere of reli-gion and that of civil government. Draw the line where Christ drew it. and as he drew it, and there need be no difficulty : " Render therefore unto Cesar the things which are Cxsar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." The Continent's logic would turn us back to Greece, when all children were the wards of the state, and were reared by the state and for the state. But the Christian conception is that children be-long not to the state but to God, and that it is the duty of parents to rear them pri-marily for God rather than for Cxsar. We freely admit not only that the state has the right, but that it is its duty, to require that children shall receive suffi-cient education to fit them for intelligent citizenship ; but to deny to the parent the right to give this in connection with a religious education, and to say that for this purpose he shall. not send his child to a private or a parochial school, would be a most flagrant abuse of civil power. We are astonished that any American, and especially any Protestant, would take any such position as that, or that in this country those who believe in private and parochial schools should even be called upon to defend their right to maintain them. It is indeed surprising and even  ominous that a leading Presbyterian pa-per should advocate any such theory of the powers of civil government. The right to educate their own children in their own way has always been insisted upon by dissent-ers from the dominant religion. Lutherans, Baptists, Presbyte-rians, Methodists, and others have from time to time suffered persecution, sometimes even to the death, rather than surren-der the right to educate their children in their own faith ; nor do we believe that the martyr spirit is wholly dead even now.  We trust, however, that such perse-cution will never arise in this coun-try, though it must be confessed that matters are tending strongly in that direction. The times seem to be strangely out of joint, and principles of liberty formerly supposed to be firmly established are boldly chal-lenged in the interests of despotic power, and sometimes even in the supposed interests of Protestantism. tV OBSERVANCE of the Lord's day should not be made a matter of legislation. A free-born American citizen has a right to go to a ball game on Sunday if he wants to. It is his privilege to attend a.  moving- picture show, or enjoy any other diver-sion on Sunday, if such diversion is legit-imate on a week day. For most of 'us, Sunday is the only day in the week we have for amusement. It may be deplor-able that most of us do not go to church on Sunday. We might, for that matter. lead better lives throughout the week. We know of no better way to make fun on Sunday seem desirable than to make it against the law to have fun on Sunday. Being good is, and ought to be, a matter of conscience. If it is possible to make folks good by legislation, then all we need do to send everybody to heaven is to make it against our man-made law to go to the other place.Š The Portland News, Portland. Ore., Oct. 23, ror6. 