LIBERTY 25 providing stricter regulations in handling mail on Sabbath, is a decided step in ad-vance. It has provoked protest from the more liberal element, but this protest and denunciation should be met by counter-demonstrations of approval from the Christian public. The friends of moral-ity should stand up and be counted on such an occasion as this. So often they are outvoiced by the opposition. Such legislation will benefit not only the mail  rimental to " public morals," no matter when performed. The Christian Observer, Sept. II, 1912, contained the following para-graphs : Š " The members of the Southern Pres-byterian Church, assembled in their Summer Bible School, at Montreat, N. C., hereby adopt the following reso-lutions : Š " I. We heartily thank our present HOUSE VICE-PRESIDENT-ELECT MARSHALL employees, but will prove a blessing to the general public, the nation, and the church of Christ." The New York Witness says : Š " The closing of the post-offices on the Sabbath is a step which should be heart-ily welcomed by all Christians, and also by all who are interested in public mor-als, whether they have any religion or not." According to the Statesman and the Witness there is a great moral issue at stake in this matter. But why is it im-moral in any sense to open a post-office on Sunday? Honest, legitimate labor is never immoral, nor its performance det- Congress for including in its Post-office Appropriation Bill just passed, provision for the closing of first- and second-clas post-offices on the Sabbath; and the offi-cials of the Post-office Department for their promptness in seeking to carry out the Sabbath provision of that law. " ' 2. We rejoice that God's day is thus honored by our government, that rest is thus given to a large class of clerks; and that the greatest step in advance that has been taken for years toward Sabbath ob-servance, is thus taken. " 3. We call upon the Christians of our nation, and especially upon the Pres-byterians, to do all that they can to aid, 