30  LIBERTY accused of disaffection toward the gov-ernment. Ministers who deny the ob- ligation of the divine law will present from the pulpit the duty of yielding obedience to the civil authorities as or- dained of God. In legislative halls and courts of justice, commandment-keepers will be misrepresented and condemned. A false coloring will be given to their words ; the worst construction will be put upon their motives. As the Protestant churches reject the clear, Scriptural arguments in defense of God's law, they will long to silence those whose faith they can not over-throw by the Bible. Though they blind their own eyes to the fact, they are now adopting a course which will lead to the persecution of those who conscientiously refuse to do what the rest of the Chris-tian world are doing, and acknowledge the claims of the papal sabbath. The dignitaries of church and state will unite to bribe, persuade, or compel all classes to honor the Sunday. The lack of divine authority will be supplied by oppressive enactments. Political cor-ruption is destroying love of justice and regard for truth ; and even in free Amer-ica, rulers and legislators, in order to se-cure public favor, will yield to the pop-ular demand for a law enforcing Sunday observance. Liberty of conscience, which has cost so great a sacrifice, will no longer be respected. In the soon-coming conflict we shall see exemplified the prophet's words : "The dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of God, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ." " THE smallest and mildest act of relig-ious intolerance contains the whole prin-ciple of intolerance, and its justification is therefore just as vigilantly to be op-posed as the greatest act of oppression would be. The greatest things are not always the most dangerous. The little thing is often capable of doing more harm than something of ponderous size." An Argument Against Religious Legislation Mr. Chairman and Honorable Members of the Board of Commissioners: I APPEAR here as secretary of the Re-ligious Liberty Bureau, a department of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists, in opposition to the District Sunday bills now pending in Congress, and to urge that you do not favorably recommend these bills, or any one of them, for passage, for reasons which follow:Ñ We believe in religion, in the Sabbath, and in Sabbath-keeping ; but we do not believe in religion, the Sabbath, or Sab-bath-keeping by law. We believe that when properly ob-served, one day's rest in seven is bene-ficial, otherwise the Creator would not have commanded it ; and we deplore that greed for gain which would ignore this beneficent provision, and employ all davc in toil and secular pursuits ; but we do not believe that it is within the legitimate sphere of civil government to compel men to rest one day in seven, or to seek to remedy the evils of worldliness and covetousness by establishing a weekly sabbath by law, and declaring honest toil and trade on Sunday or on any other day of the week a crime. Many things are sinful that are not criminal, and that can not properly be dealt with as crimes or regulated by law. Now, as ever, re-ligion if genuine, or of any value or virtue, must be of the heart. It is not within the purview of civil government, and can not properly be directed or reg-ulated by law. Of National Significance Whether Congress passes a District Sunday law or not is of interest to more, and concerns more, than the people of the District of Columbia. It is of na- At a hearing, March r3, 1908. before the Commissioners of the District of Columbia on the District Sunday bills pending before the House of Representatives, this argu-ment was presented by W. A. Colcord. the Secreta¥y of the Religious Liberty Bureau. 