LIBERTY 43 normal, average product of the saloon, the share of crime and poverty that legit-imately may be charged to it Š the build-ing, equipping, maintaining, and support-ing of the necessary storage granaries, such as jails, penitentiaries, insane asy-lums, hospitals for inebriates, epileptics, and other defectives, compose a withering answer to the self-centered man's claim that " if you let drink alone, it will let you alone."Š Harry S. Warner, in " So-cial Welfare and the Liquor Problem," pages 88-91. The Flag Over the Saloon " FOR the first time in its history," writes a correspondent to the Union Sig-nal, " a license has been granted in our town. When the saloon-keeper was mov-ing his wares from a near-by town to ours, he had his horses' heads decked with small American flags, and now a large American flag floats over his sa-loon." The correspondent then asks if there is no law to prevent such desecra-tion. To this the Union Signal replies as follows : " How could the government prohibit a person engaged in either the manufacture or sale of liquor from us-ing the flag, when for every gallon of whisky distilled the government receives $1.1o, and for every barrel of beer brewed, $i goes into the till of Uncle Sam, and every one who sells liquor must pay $25 to the government for the priv-ilege? " Lincoln's Stirring Words THE demon of intemperance ever seems to have delighted in sucking the blood of genius and generosity. What one of us but can call to mind some relative, more promising in youth than all his fellows, who has fallen a sac-rifice to his rapacity? He ever seems to have gone forth like the Egyptian angel of death, commissioned t1 slay, if not the first, the fairest born, of every family. Shall he now be arrested in his desolating career? In that arrest all can  aid that will, and who shall be excused that can and will not? Far around as human breath has ever blown, he keeps our fathers, our brothers, our sons, and our friends prostrate in the chains of moral death. To all the living everywhere we cry : " Come, sound the moral trump, that these may rise and stand up an exceeding great army." " Come from the four winds, 0 breath, and breathe upon these slain, that they may live." If the rela-tive grandeur of revolutions shall be es-timated by the great amount of human misery they alleviate and the small amount they inflict, then, indeed, will this be the grandest the world shall ever have seen.Š Abraham Lincoln, at Springfield, Ill., Feb. 22, 1842. Prohibition the Only Solution THERE is no principle proposed for the settlement of this temperance ques-tion by any but prohibitionists. " Ah, but," comes the answer, " there is the principle of license; you surely must admit that." No : license is not a principle ; it is only an exception to the principle Š of prohibition. What is principle ? A fixed, immutable, unalterable, and uniform physical, moral, spiritual, po-litical, or scientific law. It is the same in Massachusetts as in Mississippi, in Ken-tucky as in Connecticut, in Michigan as in Maryland. There is nothing fixed, or immutable, or uniform about license, or tax, or local option. And all these are based upon the one fixed, immutable, unchanging principle of prohibition, to which either is an exception, and which is antagonized by all. There must be prohibition of all men, before you can license any man, or tax any man ; and even local option builds upon the principle, but allows men to say whether or where it shall be broken. Every license law is a confession that the principle of prohibition exists, and is 