LIBERTY 117 adopt that admittedly two-faced argu-ment when advocating the suspension of labor on Sunday. And the Ili')le, that wonderful dis-cerner of men's puerile pretexts, speaks of a power to arise in the earth which should cause all, " both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads: and that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark," or, in other words, should be subservient to the autocratic mandate. And, as show-ing to what an extent this usurpation by human government finally would go, we are told in Rev. 13 : 15 that the recal-citrants would have a sentence of death passed upon them as the penalty of their obstinacy. For many years, Bible students have insisted that the time would come when the observance of the false sabbath would be made the test of citizenship, and that the persistent disregard of this man-made requirement would be followed by the death sentence. Happily, the world has not yet reached the extreme limit ; but, as showing the trend of fanaticism, an utterance coming from the lips of the Rev. Dr. Bascom Robbins, a distin-guished advocate of Sunday observance, is pertinent. " In the Christian decalogue," said Mr. Robbins, " the first day was made the .sabbath by divine appointment. But there is a class of people who will not keep the Christian sabbath unless they are forced to do so ; but that can easily be done. If we would say, We will not sell anything to them, we will not buy anything from them, we will not work for them, nor hire them 49 work for us, the thing could be wiped out, and all the world would keep the Christian sab-bath." Note the benevolent disposition mani-fested in this pronouncement, as affect-ing labor ! Such love have they, who profess solicitude for the workingman, and who hypocritically deny the religious basis of their Sunday propaganda. In  colonial days, the persistent failure of citizens to keep Sunday was made pun- ishable in the laws of several colonies by death upon the scaffold. While it is not recorded that any one was hanged for desecration of the day, severe punish- ment was visited upon those who ab-sented themselves from church or other- wise offended the bigots of those times. But the Scriptures clearly indicate (Rev. i3: 8) that there will be those, whose names are written in the Lamb's book of life, who will not accede to the unwarranted demands of this earthly power which shall seek to impose its mark upon mankind : and these, having " gotten the victory," were seen by the revelator standing on the " sea .of glass, having the harps of God" (Rev. 15: 2), while those who had rendered obedience to commandments opposed to those of God, would receive the just punishment of their offenses (Rev. 19: 2o). So, be-lieving that vital issues are bound up in this matter of obedience to God's re-quirements, there are those who oppose most strenuously the usurpation of the right of each individual to decide for himself which he will serve, the God of heaven or the apostate power that pre-sumes to inaugurate on any pretext man-dates opposed thereto. As for the pretense that Sunday laws are wanted in the interest of the laboring man, it is known that extra time is al-ready allowed in most trades for Sunday labor, proportionate compensation being increased for services rendered. To de-clare that a citizen cannot work on Sun-day would be to restrict his right to contract his labor, and place a handicap upon his manner of existence. The de-ception is as patent as that of the farmer who, thinking to catch his unwilling horse, carries a measure of oats in front of him, while carefully concealing be-hind his back the halter. And the necks of the laboring men are likely to feel the galling restraint once these fanatical en-actments are placed upon the statute books. 