71 LIBERTY " There is another potent reason why the statute does not apply. This act was passed one hundred sixteen years ago, and no attempt has been made to apply it to baseball until very recently. The legislature, the legal pro-fession, and the public generally seem to have understood that it had no application to base-ball, and in 1885 an act was passed by the leg-islature making Sunday ball playing a misde-meanor, which act was declared unconstitutional by this court. Both before and since that time attempts have been made to have the legislature enact such a law, but without avail, which is a recognition of the fact that the act of 1803 does not prohibit the playing of baseball on Sunday. " It is the duty of this court to interpret and enforce laws and not to make them, that being the province of the legislature, and if the leg-islature thinks that the playing of baseball on Sunday is injurious to the morals or welfare of the public, they can make Sunday ball play-ing prohibitive. " We are, therefore, of the opinion that play-ing baseball on Sunday is not unlawful in Tennessee. It results that the writ of certiorari is granted. The decree of the court of civil appeals will be reversed, and the decree of the circuit court will be affirmed. The complainant will pay the costs." This is a step in the direction of liberty, but the opinion does not get at the root of the  matter. The Court is technically correct when it states: " It is the duty of this court to in-terpret and enforce laws and not to make them," but the legislature does not have the prerogative to make religious statutes enforcing religious obligations. The legislature cannot by right legislate upon every subject. It has no Consti-tutional right to intermeddle with religious re-quirements and settle religious controversies by the enacting of civil statutes. Whenever the legislature seeks to regulate a man's religion, or lack of religion, under the duress of civil law, it exceeds its authority in a country where the fundamental law provides that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," and " no State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States." Civil laws which seek to compel the observance of Sunday are religious laws, which logically and rightfully have no place in American juris-prudence. We hope some day our American courts will interpret law in harmony with truly American principles instead of English legis-lation, which is based on the principle of a legally established religion and a union of church and state, an inheritance from the time of the Stuarts. C. S. L. Religion and Politics in a Bad Mix-Up THE National Catholic Register published the following significant statement: " Catholicism is, and always has been, a practical religion. There is no sin that it can-not forgive or absolve; there is no human soul so ignorant, lowly, or degraded that cannot seek shelter and peace under its divinely pro-tecting wings. It was founded on Jesus, the Son of God and Mary, upon the eternal rock of truth; and Jesus was practical. He bestowed spiritual blessings upon every soul-weary sin-ner who came seeking the life eternal; he healed the sick and fed those who hungered. In found-ing his church he beseeched his apostles to be practical, using whatever good thing the Father placed within their reach, be it political power, education, money, or other material thing. All things consecrated to the use of the Holy Cath-olic Church. " It is God's plan that the Holy Father of Rome should be the spiritual and temporal head of his kingdom on earth. It is the same today as in the time of the first rope. The best way to accomplish this is through political power, through religious education and service. God has doubly blessed the Catholic Church of America by placing one of its most faithful sons at the right hand of President Wilson. Next to the President, Hon. Joseph Tumulty, Knight of Columbus, thirty-third degree, wields the greatest political power of any man in  America, and as a true Catholic he is exercis-ing the great trust which God has given into his hands for the glory of the holy church. Through his tact and holy zeal he has created a warm friendship between the Catholic Church and President Wilson, together with the Demo-cratic party. Other Presidents have feared the power of the holy church and have courted its support, politically, by granting it childish fa-vors, which deceived no one. But this is the first time in the history of the country when the President and a great political party have openly sought an equal and honest alliance with the Catholic Church. [This was written before the President visited the Pope. The writer might have much more to add along the same line now.] And before seeking this political alliance, the President and his party have shown their good faith by works. Through the efforts of Hon. Joseph Tumulty, President Wilson has practically granted that education in the Phil-ippines shall be under control of the Catholic Church; and that religious activity in the great American Army shall be under the direction of the Knights of Columbus. This means the ad. dition to the church of one million of the coun-try's best and bravest young men, sr at least their strong preference and sympathy for the Catholic Church [which latter statement does not, however, necessarily follow]." Farther on the writer says: 