40  LIBERTY of the governed," which the fathers enunciated that day in this goodly city, have worked like the leaven described in the Bible, until the civilized world has accepted our political philosophy in whole or in part. Like Tennyson's brook, they will go on forever until men everywhere are free. Our Declaration of Independence is the Magna Charta of human liberty, and has revolutionized the world. Be it ours to preserve, strengthen, and perpetuate our free institutions, thereby transmitting to our descendants the rich-est heritage ever possessed by the chil-dren of men. These are not mere words of men, say- ing something in a perfunctory manner. They breathe the true spirit. The senti-ments expressed need to be repeatedly emphasized. There is constant danger lest, through indifference or the working of wrong influences, the inestimable blessings of liberty, secured at such cost at the first and maintained for more than a century and a quarter, be lightly es-teemed or foolishly surrendered without a vigorous struggle. The same spirit that actuated the fathers of the republic should control their descendants, the in-heritors of a precious legacy. w. w. P. tt Labor Federation Opposed to Sunday Laws OVER 67,000 members of the Cali-fornia State Federation of Labor were represented by their delegates in their fourteenth annual convention in Fresno. .A five days' session was held, beginning on October 6. The State Federation of Barbers introduced the following resolu- tion in the convention: Ñ Resolved, That the California State Federation of Labor in its fourteenth an--nual convention assembled, does hereby indorse the Journeymen Barbers' Unions of California, affiliated with the Amer-ican Federation of Labor in their efforts to secure, through the initiative petition, the enactment of a law prohibiting un-necessary labor on Sunday. After a heated discussion on both sides of the question, the resolution was voted down by a large majority of the delegates of the Labor Federation, on the ground that specific Sunday laws of necessity made such legislation religious in character, and that the Labor Federa- tion refuse to lend its influence in sup-port of any laws whose object it was to discriminate between certain days of the week. It was argued that each individual should be left free to decide such ques- tions for himself, and that no law should be enacted that would forCe any or all  to work, or not to work, on any day of the week. California compels none to do either, and that is religious freedom. A Sunday bill, H. R. 7826, to provide for the closing of barber shops in the District of Columbia on Sunday, was in-troduced in the United States Congress by Mr. Keating, on Aug. 27, 1913. We trust that the 67,000 members of the Cal-ifornia State Federation of Labor, to-gether with every lover of religious lib-erty, will send in their protest not only against this Sunday bill, but also against bills S. 752 and H. R. 9674, which aim to compel all people in the District of Columbia, under heavy penalties, to con-form to the religious custom of " the proper observance of Sunday as a day of rest." Congress should again consider in full the following partial Senate report. on Sunday legislation : Ñ The proper object of government is to protect all persons in the enjoyment of their religious as well as their civil rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall esteem one day above another, or esteem all days alike holy.Ñ Sunday Mail Report, by Senate Committee, 1829. Petitions of protest to Congress will be sent free of charge upon application. C. S. L. 