National Religion THIS expression has been so often re-peated that it begins to have a familiar sound. It is constantly upon the lips of a certain class of professional reformers. It is reiterated with great persistency in their writings. It seems to have a kind of unctuous flavor which gives great sat- isfaction without involving much indi-vidual inconvenience. But it is based upon a false assumption, and is an altogether unwarranted combination of words. The false assumption is the idea that the nation is a moral being, capable of professing and practising religion, repenting of sin and exercising faith in a Saviour. Upon this foundation of wood, hay, and stubble is built the whole structure of the National Reform organ- ization. Our attention is again directed to this question by an editorial in the Christian Statesman of September, 1911, in which official announcement is made of the vital purpose of the National Reform Asso-ciation. To quote : Š The Executive Committee of the Na-tional Reform Association some time ago resolved to adopt the motto " A Revival of National Religion," as expressive of its work in and for our own country, the United States of America. It serves to inform the people as to the real spirit and purpose of our movement, and it assists ourselves to a clearer understand-ing of our work and a livelier interest in it. That national religion means some-thing entirely different and distinct from personal or individual religion, and that the latter will not take the place of the former, is evident from this further ex-tract from the same article : Š This statement of our cause will in-fluence many minds to regard it favor-ably. Christian men and women are familiar with the idea of revivals of religion in individual life and in their churches. They know that some of the  greatest blessings which God has be-stowed on America have come by means of wide-spread revivals of religion. A little reflection will convince them that such a revival is as reasonable and pos-sible in the sphere of the national life as in ecclesiastical life. These glittering generalities may please those who do not think for themselves, but who like a flow of religious phrases. Suppose, however, that we follow the suggestion made and indulge in " a little reflection." What is the nature of this national religion? What will be the creed of this national religion, and who will formulate it? Who will profess this national relig-ion, and how will the worship be con-ducted? Who will be the judge of ortho-doxy in this national religion, and how will the financial support be provided? These questions are not merely theo-retical, but are most practical, and they at once suggest the real nature of this proposed movement. Is it not perfectly clear, upon " a little reflection," that this announced purpose to have a revival of national religion is tantamount to an effort to establish a state religion? How can the state have a religion except there be a state religion,Š a union of religion and the state ? In this national religion God must of course be recognized. Those who urge this movement have been trying for years to have a recognition of God in the Constitution of the United States. But whose idea of God will prevail? Men differ widely in their views concerning the personality and the character of God, and what would suit the belief of the con-servative would be very objectionable to the liberal. The doctrine of the atonement for sin through the merits of Jesus Christ, a doctrine absolutely fundamental in all orthodox creeds of the past generation, (to81) 31 