LIBERTY .9 old order of things. Has 1911 marked the limit of the new order of things? If this government shall enter upon a program of which the Johnston Sunday bill would seem to be the introduction, this will certainly be the case. Senator Johnston himself has stated that the ten commandments are not kept in Washing-ton, calling especial attention to the Sab-bath command. And his bill calls upon Congress to supply the deficiency through the passage of such a law. Said Congress in 1830: Š If Congress shall declare the first day of the week holy, it will not convince the Jew nor the Sabbatarian. It will dis-satisfy both, and, consequently, convert neither. Human power may extort vain sacrifices, but the Deity alone can com-mand the Affections of the heart. If a solemn act of legislation shall, in one point, define the law of God, or point out to the citizen one religious duty, it may, with equal propriety, proceed to define every part of divine revelation, and enforce every religious obligation, even to the forms and ceremonies of wor-ship, the endowment of the church, and the support of the clergy. . . . When man undertakes to become God's avenger, he becomes a demon. Driven by the frenzy of a religious zeal, he loses every gentle feeling, forgets the most sa-cred precepts of his creed, and becomes ferocious and unrelenting. When republicanism supplanted impe-rialism in this country, the citizens of the country were made free civilly and polit-ically. When the administration of relig-ious affairs was taken out of the hands of civil officials, and when the administra-tion of civil affairs was taken out of the hands of church officials, the church was free, the state was free, and the individ-ual soul was free. Religion was free then, and only when it is free can it be pure. When we find purity in religion where there is a union of church and state, that religion is pure because the in-dividuals .who possess it are in uncom-promising opposition to the state-church  regime, and are suffering for it. Repub-licanism stands for the greatest amount of individual freedom consistent with the equal freedom of every other individ-ual. But where religious laws of any kind are enforced upon men, some one's idea of religion or religious duty is being forced upon some one else who has an equal right to his own opinion and his own conviction of religion and of relig-ious duty. Thus we see that the whole idea of religious legislation is imperial-istic and antirepublican, and has no log-ical or rightful place in the scheme of our government. Sunday laws are, therefore, not consonant with republican-. ism or with individual liberty. A Plea for Religious Liberty in Argentina IT has been several years since the Sunday laws of Argentina have been strictly enforced upon the people. It is apparent that the government did not intend by these laws to cause persecution. But the laws became more and more complicated until the government saw that it would be impossible to maintain all the various prokriptions without doing gross injustice. A decision was finally reached to abol-ish them all, and entrust the department of labor with the task of framing an en-tirely new law. What that new law will be is not yet known; but it is certain that the government can not enact any Sun-day law without intermeddling in relig-ious matters, as the weekly rest day is entirely of religious origin. How some of the people of Argentina look upon the proposal to enact a Sunday law may be seen by the following letter Š a protest against Sunday laws and a plea for religious liberty Š which was recently sent to the department of labor : Š 