182 LIBERTY " It must be conceded that there are such [private] rights in every free govern-ment beyond the control of the state. A government which recognized no such rights, . . . even the most democratic depository of power, is, after all, but a despotism. It is true it is a despotism of the many, of the majority, if you choose to call it so; but it is none the less a despotism."Š Supreme Court of the United States, in Blakely's " American State Papers," p. 191. claim his leadership in the free life. Such are the authentic proofs of the validity and vitality of democracy." No Royal Road to Fame " Here Lincoln had his beginnings. Here the end and consummation of that great life seem remote and a bit incredible. And yet there was no break anywhere between begin- coin, like the rest of us, was put through the discipline of the world Š a very rough and exacting discipline for him, an indispensable discipline for every man who would know what he is about in the midst of the world's affairs; but his spirit got only its schooling there. It did not derive its character or its vision from the experiences which brought it to its full revelation. The test of every American must Photo by Underwood & Underwood, New York PRESIDENT WILSON ACCEPTS LINCOLN FARM FOR THE NATION AT HODGENVILLE, KY. THE SECOND MAN TO THE PRESIDENT'S LEFT IS THE CATHOLIC PRIEST WHO PRONOUNCED THE BENEDICTION ring and end, no lack of natural sequence anywhere. Nothing really incredible happened. Lincoln was unaffectedly as much at home in the White House as he was here. Do you share with me the feeling, I wonder, that he was permanently at home nowhere? It seems to me that in the case of a man Š I would rather say of a spirit Š like Lincoln the ques-tion where he was is of little significance, that it is always what he was that really arrests our thought and takes hold of our imagination. It is the spirit always that is sovereign. Lin- always be, not where he is, but what he is. That, also, is of the essence of democracy and is the moral of which this place is most gravely expressive. " We should like to think of men like Lin-coln and Washington as typical Americans, but no man can be typical who is so unusual as these great men were. It was typical of Amer-ican life that it should produce such men with supreme indifference as to the manner in which it produced them, and as readily here in this hut as amid the little circle of cultivated gentle " The idea is quite unfounded, that on entering into society we give up any natural right. . . . Our legislators are not sufficiently apprised of the rightful limits of their power; that their true office is to declare and enforce only our natural rights and duties, and to take none of them from us. No man has a natural right to commit aggression on the equal rights of another."Š Thomas Jefferson, in " Work of Thomas Jefferson," Vol. VII, p. 3. 