DANIEL IN THE LIONS' DEN FOR CONSCIENCE' SAKE LIBERTY  35 yet Mr. Parker's work was held to be an indictable offense; and, though a poor man with a family to support, he was required to spend 280 days in prison. While there, he contracted malarial fe-ver, and died in 1890. William Dortch and James Stem were arrested at the same time that Mr. Parker was arrested, and for the same offense. As a result of the trial, both these men were compelled to spend about sixty days in jail. In July, 1889, Mr. R. M. King, of Lane, Tenn., was brought before Justice Barker, of Obion County, tried for Sun-clay work, declared guilty, and fined. Mr. King was again arrested for Sunday work, found guilty, and fined again. His case was appealed, the verdict con-firmed, and Mr. King was fined seventy-five dollars. Believing the indictment and sentence unjust, Mr. King refused to pay the fine, and was imprisoned until the. sentence should be served out. This imprisonment _ resulted in his death, which occurred soon after his release from prison. On May 27, 1892, four upright Chris-tian men, W. S. Lowry, J. Moon, J. H. Dortch, and James Stem, all of Spring-ville, Tenn., were tried at Paris, Tenn., on a charge of doing Sunday work. All the witnesses for the prosecution testi-fied that they were not disturbed by the  Sunday work of their neighbors, and none brought charges against any of the accused on any ground of dishonesty, im- morality, intemperance, or of disturbing the peace. Yet the fact that these men obeyed the law of Jehovah in resting on the seventh day of the week, and worked the other six days, offended their idea of religious propriety, and they were willing to make the accused men suffer for being out of harmony with them on a question of religion. The defendants were con-victed, and suffered imprisonment of from forty-five to fifty-three days each. A portion of this time they were compelled to work in the chain-gang with convicts justly convicted for serious offenses. In this case the judge declared that these men must " edu-cate their consciences by the laws of Ten-nessee." And yet the supreme law of that commonwealth de-dares this righteous principle in its bill of rights, that " no human authority can in any case whatever control Qr interfere with the rights of conscience," and fur-ther declares that " no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious es-tablishment or mode of worship." When men are required to take their conscientious convictions from human law instead of from divine law, man is put in the place of God, and all liberty in religious things is outlawed. What the judge would require is an impossi-bility, an undertaking which he himself could not perform. The most peculiar feature of such proceedings is that while the constitution of a State gives such a guaranty as that quoted above, such pros-ecutions for cause of religion can be con-ducted, and such judgments rendered. 