92 LIBERTY uette Rankin, of Montana, are members of the national committee of the Dry Federation, as are four United States Senators and many governors of States. The " Christian Statesman " Versus Ex-President Roosevelt THE Christian Statesman for May has the following, which will be of interest to our readers : " The sedate of the New York Legislature has passed a bill which would legalize baseball on the Sabbath. Under date of April 7, the daily press contained a deliverance of ex-Presi-dent Theodore Roosevelt on this bill as given out from an interview of Judge Francis X. McQuade with him. Judge McQuade quotes the Colonel as saying: "' I am very much gratified to know that my nephew, Senator " Ted " Robinson, has the wisdom to vote for the Sunday baseball bill. It has my hearty approval, because it gives to the wage earner a right which he justly should have.' " But if movies and baseball be allowed on the Sabbath, will not those interested in ordi-nary theatricals, bowling alleys, poolrooms, bil-liard-rooms, and horse racing press their claims to be given equal privileges? And could they not urge with Roosevelt, laying aside the money consideration, that this should be done because it gives to the wage earner a right which he justly should have'? " At this time, when all true statesmen and leaders in religious thought are endeavoring to strengthen the moral fiber of our nation's char-acter, when our President has asked for a better observance of the Sabbath in our army and navy, and when our Congress has asked the President to issue a call for a day of special prayer in behalf of our cause across the seas, and especially at this time when the best blood of the United States, Canada, France, and England is flowing daily as a mighty river, it is not the hour for Christless pleasure seekers and money lovers to be agitating our country by clamoring for Sunday Movies and Base-ball." As usual, the Statesman assumes the very thing that needs to be proved, namely, the divine sanction of Sunday and the duty of the Government, as such, to safeguard its assumed sacredness. As-sumption is, however, much easier than proof. e. P. B. Only Loving Service Acceptable (Concluded from page 79) " If any man worship the beast and his image, . . . the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God." The beast here represents a church with civil power to enforce its doctrines. His image is another union of religion with the state. Those who engage in this work of com-pelling men to worship according to men's ideas, whether this worship be in harmony with the Word of God or con-trary to it, will drink of the wine of the wrath of God, which is the seven last plagues. There is no act that man can perform so sinful in the sight of God as compelling men to worship contrary to the dictates of conscience. Loving, vol-untary service is the only service accept-able to God. 01 tie 01 THE true principles of religious lib-erty as taught by Jesus Christ and as set forth in the fundamental law of the American nation, separate the functions of human government from the teaching and practice of religion, so establishing equality, peace, justice, order, and lib-erty. The purpose of the confederation of religio-political forces is to unite re-ligion and government, so establishing again in America the old order of things, Š inequality, discord, injustice, confu-sion, and oppression. The issue cannot be evaded, and the people must make their choice now, whether they will keep America free, or permit her to become an instrument of oppression in the hands of a power-coveting and power-blinded ecclesiasticism.Š C. M. Snow. THE people never give up their liber-ties but under some delusion.Š Burke. THE condition upon which God hath given liberty to man is eternal vigilance. Š J. P. Curran. THE,  God who gave us life, gave us liberty at the same time..-- Thomas Jef-ferson. 