36 LIBERTY tial to the stability of government; that lib-erty itself can not be maintained without it. They declare that they do not intend to establish any one church, but simply the religion common to all,Š a parallel to the " general assessment " establishment of the time of Jefferson and Madison. But, this done, who that has ever read history or knows anything of human nature, can Seeing the spirit for equality and freedom growing, an effort was made to frustrate the movement for total disestablishment by a proposition that " a general assessment should be established by law on every one to the support of the pastor of his choice," Š a measure to establish all the churches! To this some yielded; but the Baptists, to-gether with Madison and Jefferson, per-sistently demanded t h e total separation of religion and the state. For three years the contest went on; but finally, in 1779, the question o f a general assess-ment was de-feated, and the establishment put down. The same year Jefferson's f a - mous " Bill for Religious Fr ee-dom " was intro-duced, the ap-pearance of which greatly alarmed the friends of the old establish-ment, and caused them to send in a petition " praying that the said bill may not take effect, but an establishment adopted under certain regu-lations." Finally, in 1785, Jefferson's bill likewise passed, and the long and bitter struggle over a religious establishment in Virginia came to a close. The principles of religious freedom wrought out in this struggle were soon adopted by all the other States in the Union, and by the national government, as ex-pressed in its constitution. To the results of this struggle is due largely, no doubt, America's world-wide fame as a land of liberty, and the religious freedom which we now enjoy. In view of this, what shall be said of the efforts now being made by some to graft religion again upon civil government in this country, and make religious observances a matter of law? They say that this is essen- ST. PAUL'S EPISCOPAL C II URC II The oldest church in Norfolk, Va. Built of brick fired upon by the British on New Year's day, remaining embedded in its brought from England. Was 1776, a cannon-ball still walls believe that the matter would stop there? Some declare there is " no danger " in such movements. " We have had no relig-ious persecution in this country for over a hundred years," they say. But why so ? Š Simply because religion has been disestab-lished in this country, and civil government has not interfered with religious matters. The founders of the nation deemed it un-wise to leave any roots of the old establish-ment in the laws of any State; but in one thing a vestige still remains,Š that of the Sunday laws of the various States. Much is being made of this, and more of such legislation is demanded, all of which indi-cates a return to the days of religious estab-lishments and religious persecution. In the interests of peace, therefore, and for the welfare of religion, every one should oppose all such un-Christian and un-Amer-ican movements. 