LIBERTY 41 The key-note of all the utterances of Christ reveals itself in these few sentences. His kingdom is at once present and future: present by the undoubting faith in his as-surances that it would hereafter assuredly be attained; future in the fact that the realization of its joys was reserved for the life to come. Unlike John, he proclaims that the time of expectation is over; that the new kingdom has already come as a living power in the soul, diffusing its bless-ings, at once within and around its mem-bers. It is established in its rights and duties, to develop and advance, henceforth, till its glory covers the earth. In one as-pect, it is incomplete till its full realization in the distant future; in another, it is al-ready perfect; for it reigns in every single soul which has humbly accepted Jesus as its King.Š Cunningham Geikie, D. D. Teaching Only What God Has Commanded IN the effort to persuade men to believe our opinions, we are bound to present such arguments as God himself has presented; that is, to use no argument which we do not believe to be logically sound, and to assert nothing as fact, which we do not believe to be strictly and literally true. If we exag-gerate, or conceal, or mystify, for the pur-pose of advancing what we believe to be true, we insult the God of truth, whose min-isters we profess to be. If we attempt to make men feel that a course of conduct is wrong, we must prestnt it in the moral relations which it holds in the sight of God. I have no right, for the sake of carrying a measure, or stirring up an excitement, or swaying the popular opinion, to urge as a matter of universal obligation what God has left as a matter to be decided by every man's conscience; to make that out to be a crime in every instance which God has made a crime only under special circum-stances; or to urge as a duty by command what can only be made out to be a duty by inference. In a word, I am to take the law of God just as I find it: with all the dis-tinctness and with all the obscurity in which he has left it. We are to " commend " this, just as it is, without increase or diminution, " to men's consciences, IN THE SIGHT OF GOD." We are to tell men what is the will of God, as he has revealed it, just as  though God himself were present, hearing every word that we speak, while we profess to be his representatives. To act otherwise is, clearly, to assume to be ourselves the lawgivers ; it is to claim for ourselves au-thority over the consciences of our brethren; it is to insult the Most High himself, by our own most insufferable arrogance. If God has commanded me to announce his will to my fellow men, it is my duty to announce his will. But this gives me no authority to announce, as his will, anything which he has not commanded ; and I must announce it precisely as he has revealed it. I have no discretion whatever in the mat-ter. If he has plainly commanded or for-bidden anything, I may say plainly that he has commanded or forbidden it ; and, in doing so, I must point to the enactment, and urge it on the authority of " Thus saith the Lord." If he has prescribed one duty, and I infer another duty from it, I must announce this second duty, not as his com-mand, but as my inference. I have no right to urge it as a general command of God. This inference may bind my conscience, but it can, as my inference, bind the conscience of no one else. Every one must in such a case be left to his own judgment; and I have no right to accuse another of disobe-dience to God, unless he admits that he is for himself convinced of his duty, and then disregards it. Ł If we can not carry forward the tem-perance or any other reformation, without making God say what he has not said, and assuming a different moral standard from that which he has established, I Łthink the cause must, at the outset, be desperate; and, after all, how is the thing to be helped? I may wish that God had said differently ; I may seem to see that I could do much more good if he had given a different com-mand. But, if he has not given it, there the matter rests, and I am responsible for the result. But, before I find fault with the laxity of the moral law of my Creator, would it not be wise to begin by distrusting myself? Have I not reason to fear that there is an error somewhere, when I seem to be more zealous for righteousness than He " who is of purer eyes than to look upon iniquity "?Š Francis Wayland. " THERE is nothing so powerful as truth, Š and often nothing so strange." 