26 (1076) LIBERTY seemingly, was made a partner in the proceedings, even as the nation was made a partner in the Catholic mass on the Monument grounds in the city of Wash-ington not long ago. In honor of the convention, the city of Columbus was gaily bedecked in flags and bunting. The flag which predom-inated in this decoration of the city was the flag of the federation, bearing the motto : " In Union Is Strength." The  sufficiently clear. One of the first uses to which the organization will be put is the securing of a division of the public school fund, so that Rome's parochial schools may be supported out of the public treasury. The demand for such a division she reiterates at each con-vention. Another use to which the federation will be put is the securing of enforced Sunday observance. Bishop Canevin, of OFFICIALS OF THE AMERICAN FEDERATION OF CATHOLIC SOCIETIES Back row, first figure at left, President Edward Feeney ; third from left, Secretary Anthony Matre. Seated, first figure at left, Bishop McFaul; second, Bishop Mesmer center of this flag bore the escutcheon of the American government, with the cross of the Catholic Church stamped upon that national emblem. This and the palm branch of victory which stretched the length of the flag spoke loudly of Rome's purpose to " make America Catholic," and of her belief in the certainty of her victory in that particular. There is no question but that Rome will use these three million voters to carry out her political designs in Amer-ica. In fact, the organization's own dec-laration of purpose makes that matter  Pittsburg, Pa., made this plain at this convention ; and that they were willing and even anxious to join with the Prot-estant bodies of the land in bringing it about was plainly declared by Bishop McPaul. That the federation is not afraid to say, " Hands off," to the government itself, the federation's interference with the government's proposed action in the Kongo matter abundantly attests, and this interference is remarked upon and applauded at each succeeding conven-tion. An organization has thus been built 