LIBERTY 41 This law God gave himself. It has never been repealed. Like the other precepts of the decalogue, it is of uni-versal and perpetual obligation. This law says the seventh day is the Sabbath. Sunday is not the seventh day. There is no divine command for its sabbatic observance. Neither Jesus nor his apostles ever observed it as a day of rest, nor commanded any one to do so. All laws enacted for its observ-ance, therefore, are against the true Sab-bath, the seventh day, and tend to exalt a human institution in the place of the divine, and man in the place of God. Testimony of Catholic and Protestant Authorities The lack of Bible authority for the observance of Sunday has been can-didly admitted by both Catholic and Protestant authorities. Cardinal Gibbons says : Š " You may read the Bible from Gen-esis to Revelation, and you will not find a single line authorizing the sanctifica-tion of Sunday. The Scriptures enforce the religious observance of Saturday, a day which we never sanctify."Š"Faith of Our Fathers," page 111. Lyman Abbott says: Š " The current notion that Christ and his apostles authoritatively, substituted the first day of the week for the sev-enth, is absolutely without any authority in the New Testament."Š Christian Union, June 26, 1890. The Methodist " Theological Corn-pend," by Binney, says: Š " It is true there is no positive com-mand for infant baptism, . . . nor is there any for keeping holy the first day of the week."ŠPage 103. Men in Congress are aware of this. On the day before the Johnston bill passed the Senate, Jan. 26, 19to, Senator Money said : Š Ł " Undoubtedly it [ Saturday] is the Sabbath, and not Sunday." The enforced observance of Sunday by law, therefore, will of necessity cre- ate the issue of requiring those who take the Bible, and the Bible only, as their  rule of faith and practise, to choose whom they will obey, God or man. Some Important Principles Slated i. The state can not compel its cit-izens to distinguish betweeri Sunday and other days of the week without en-acting religious legislation. 2. It is the province of the state to prohibit incivility on all days of the week, but it can not rightly make an act uncivil on Sunday that is civil on other days of the week. 3. Any proposed law that distin-guishes between one class of citizens and another on account of their relig-ious observances is thereby proved to be a religious measure. 4. Laws which in their practical ap-plication require many exemptions in order to prevent their interfering with the rights and liberties of men, consti-tute a dangerous kind of legislation. 5. The state has no right to inflict upon any citizen a fine of one sixth of his time as a penalty for living up to his religious convictions. 6. It is not within the province of the state to compel the citizens either to rest or to labor except as a punishment for crime. 7. In matters of faith the majority has no power over the minority. The conscience of a single individual is as sacred as that of a whole community. 8. No proper interpretation of the police power of the state can confer the right to make a distinction between days on religious grounds. 9. The United States Congress has thus far had the honorable distinction among the lawmaking bodies of the na-tions of refusing to enact any laws re-quiring of its citizens the observance of Sunday as a day of rest. Any change in this respect will be a backward step. to. He who attempts to choose for another in religious concerns and to en-force his choice upon that other, inter- feres with the natural and inalienable rights of man. r. Civil government was ordained to protect the rights and liberties of man. 