36 LIBERTY events which they had themselves wit-nessed, and in which they had themselves borne a great part, they would have seen what was likely to be the result of their enterprise. They had lived under a gov-ernment which, during a long course of years, did all that could be done, by lavish bounty and by rigorous punishment, to en-force conformity to the doctrine and dis-cipline of the Church of England. No person suspected of hostility to that church had the smallest chance of obtaining favor at the court of Charles. Avowed dissent was punished by imprisonment, by ignomin-ious exposure, by cruel mutilations, and by ruinous fines. And the event had been that the church had fallen, and had, in its fall, dragged down with it a monarchy which had stood six hundred years. The Puritan might have learned, if from nothing else, yet, from his own recent victory, that gov-ernments which attempt things beyond their reach are likely not merely to fail, but to produce an effect directly the opposite of that which they contemplate as de-sirable. All this was overlooked. The saints were to inherit the earth. The theaters were closed. The fine arts were placed under absurd restraints. Vices which had never before been even misdemeanors were made capital felonies. It was solemnly resolved by Parliament " that no person shall be employed but such as the House shall be satisfied of his real godliness." The pious assembly had a Bible lying on the table for reference. If they had con-sulted it, they might have learned that the wheat and the tares grow together in-separably, and must either be spared to-gether or rooted up together. To know whether a man was really godly was im-possible. But it was easy to know whether he had a plain dress, lank hair, no starch in his linen, no gay furniture in his house; whether he talked through his nose, and showed the whites of his eyes; whether he named his children Assurance, Tribula-tion, and Maher-shalal-hash-baz ; whether he avoided Spring Garden when in town, and abstained from hunting and hawking when in the country ; whether he ex-pounded hard scriptures to his troops of dragoons, and talked in a committee of ways and means about seeking the Lord. These were , tests which could easily he  applied. The misfortune was that they were tests which proved nothing. Such as they were, they were employed by the dominant party. And the consequence was that a crowd of imposters, in every walk of life, began to mimic and to caricature what were then regarded as the outward signs of sanctity.Š From the article on " Leigh Hunt," in the Edinburgh Review, January, 1841. A Vigorous Protest [The Sunday bills for the District of Columbia introduced into Congress and re-ferred to the District Commissioners for their consideration, have attracted general attention, and have called forth letters and protests from various parts of the country. Among those who have addressed the Com-missioners is Hon. Charles C. Holbrook. now in his seventeenth year on the Nisi Prius Bench of Colorado, whose argument is a strong plea in behalf of the rights of conscience. We present herewith a large portion of Judge Holbrook's able paper.ŠEn.] THREE bills pending before the House of Representatives are "A Bill prohibiting labor on buildings, and so forth, in the District of Columbia on the Sabbath day." " A Bill to further protect the first day of the week as a day of rest in the District of Columbia," and,Š " A Bill prohibiting work in the District of Columbia on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday ; " and pending in the Senate are,Š " A Bill to prevent Sunday banking in post-offices in the handling of money-orders and registered letters," and,Š " A Bill requiring certain places of busi-ness in the District of Columbia to be closed on Sunday." The enactment of such un-American, unchristian, tyrannical religious laws as are proposed by these bills would flagrantly vio-late the Constitution, and trample in the dust the Declaration of Independence. In the latter it is declared " that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness;" which does not mean liberty of a man to worship God according to the dictates of his neighbor's 