LIBERTY  15 The following from a Senate report, in 1829, on petitions for Sunday legislation, is eminently pertinent just now: " The proper object of government is to protect all persons in the enjoyment of their civil as, well as their religious rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall es-teem one day above another, or esteem all days alike holy. What other na-tions call religious tolerance we call relig-ious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmental indulgence, but as rights, of which government can not deprive any portion of citizens, however small. Despotic power may invade those rights, but justice still confirms them." Furthermore, Sunday legislation is not only contrary to the Constitution and prin-ciples of this government, but both the legis-lation and the keeping of the day itself as the Sabbath are in direct conflict with that law which is above all human law, the law of God, which plainly declares that " the seventh day [not the first] is the Sabbath BENJAMIN FRANKLIN of the Lord thy God." Ex. 20:8-II. Be-cause the majority keep the first day as the Sabbath is no evidence that it is the Sabbath, or that all should be compelled to keep it. In religion, the majority have gen-erally been wrong. Benjamin Franklin  well said: " When religion is good it will take care of itself ; when it is not able tc take care of itself, and God does not see fit to take care of it, so that it has to appeal JOHN WESLEY to civil power for support, it is evidence in my opinion that its cause is a bad one." Testimony of Eminent Men JOHN WESLEY said: " Let every one en-joy the full and free liberty of thinking for himself. If you can not reason or persuade a man into the truth, never attempt to force a man into it." DR. ADAM CLARKE wrote: " No other kind of constraint [than prayers, counsels, and entreaties] is ever recommended in the gospel of Christ. Every other kind of com-pulsion is anti-Christian, can be submitted to only by cowards and knaves, and can produce nothing but hypocrites. The church which tolerates, encourages, and practises persecution, under the pretense of concern for the purity of the faith, and zeal for the glory of God, is not the church of Christ, and no man can be of such a church with-out endangering his salvation." DR. ALBERT BARNES taught: " If we can have a Sabbath, maintained by a healthful, popular sentiment, rather than by human laws, Christianity is safe in this land, and our country is safe. If not, the Sabbath, and religion, and liberty will die together." SPURGEON said: "I am ashamed of some Christians because they have so much de- 