LIBERTY 27 into China, Buddhism at times spread rapidly, while at other times it was nearly exterminated by persecution. In the year 845 A. D., forty-six hundred mon-asteries and forty thousand smaller re-ligious houses were destroyed, their cop-per bells and images were made into cash, and two hundred sixty thousand monks and nuns were forced to return to secular life. But to-day, in spite of Kang Hsi's seventh edict,Š" Discountenance and banish strange doctrines, in order to exalt the correct doctrine,"Š pointed especially at Buddhism as opposed to Confucianism, Buddhism is in the ascendency and enjoys government fa-vor. The Nestorians entered China as early as 505 A. D., and carried on their work for eight centuries. It is said that some of the emperors actually accepted the faith, lent their influence to its establish-ment, and caused " illustrious churches to be erected in every province." The faith spread very extensively in China, but the tide turned Š an imperial edict of the year 845 A. D. forced three thou-sand of its priests into private life, fol-lowed by severe persecutions, until to-day their books, churches, and adherents are all gone. The stone slab at Sing-an-fu, containing a brief account of the rise and success of this faith, is the sole remaining trace of Nestorianism. The Jewish faith entered China at an early date, and for many centuries main-tained a precarious foothold, not because of persecution, but because of the sur-rounding heathenism which finally swallowed it up. Mohammedanism, ever relying on the sword, knows no persecu-tion for itself. It has a considerable fol-lowing in China. The next alien faith to enter China was the Roman Catholic, as early as 1291. John of Montecorvino entered into the very heart of the empire by making Pe-king his headquarters. His successor, Nicholas, with his twenty-four Francis-can assistants, followed up his work, but as they labored almost exclusively for Mongol tribes under a Mongol emperor, their work fell to the ground when the  Mongol dynasty was destroyed. Bud-dhism, aided by imperial favor, displaced the Catholic influence. Just after the Protestant Reformation of the sixteenth century, Jesuit craft brought Rome's emissaries from South China to the imperial capital, Peking, and under various guises they won for themselves and their faith open doors and large success. Imperial favors were bestowed, and the fullest liberty to prop-agate their faith was granted them. This probably would have continued indefi-nitely had it not been for the disputes and quarrels of the Jesuits with other Catholic orders over the name of God in Chinese and the relation of ancestral worship to Christianity. Contrary to the decision of a former Pope, the Pope finally decided against both the Jesuits and the opinion of the emperor of China. This resulted in an imperial rescript (1724), strictly prohibiting the propaga-tion of the Tien Chu Chao, or the Lord 'of Heaven sect. A period of eclipse fol-lowed, lasting until the treaties of 1858 inaugurated a new era. " During these thirteen decades persecution, exile, im-prisonment, and death were common ex-periences, and some of the most heroic and devoted deeds are recorded of both missionaries and their converts." In this situation China was a closed nation; and when Morrison entered Can-ton in 1807, he was under the ban of the empire. His Chinese teacher carried poison on his person to end his life in case he were found teaching a foreign missionary the Chinese language. This state of affairs continued almost half a century, when a door of entrance to Christianity and missions was made by war and diplomacy. Of the significance of the revocation of the persecuting edicts of 1724, and later the issue of a decree of toleration, resulting from the war (1842), Dr. Wells Williams says : " Looked at in any point of view, polit-ical, commercial, moral, or intellectual, it will always be considered one of the turn-ing-points in the history of mankind, in-volving the welfare of all nations in its wide-reaching consequence." 