LIBERTY  21 vention recognized this providential des-tiny, and adapted the Constitution to it. They could not do otherwise. To as-sume the control of religion in any shape, except by way of protection, would have been an act of usurpation, and been stoutly resisted by all the States." Even before the calling of the Con-stitutional convention the idea of the equality of all religions before the law had taken root in the State of Virginia, that land whence came so many men of wide learning and broad intellect. In 1785, through the influence of Mr. Jef-ferson, a bill entitled " An act for establishing- religious freedom " was passed. As a preamble to this, the fol-lowing was offered: Ñ " Well aware that Almighty God hath created the mind free; that all attempts to influence it by temporal punishment or burdens, or by civil incapacitations, tend only to beget habits of hypocrisy and meanness, and are a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our religion, who, being Lord both of body and mind, yet chose not to propagate it by coercions on either, as was in his almighty power to do." In Jefferson's autobiography we find the following interesting statement re-garding this preamble : Ñ " The bill for establishing religious freedom, the principles of which had, to a certain degree, been enacted before, I had drawn in all the latitude of reason and right. It still met with opposition ; but, with some mutilations in the pre-amble, it was finally passed; and a sin-gular proposition proved that its protec-tion of opinion was meant to be univer-sal. Where the preamble declares that coercion is a departure from the plan of the holy Author of, our religion, an amendment was proposed, by inserting the word Jesus Christ,' so that it should read, ' a departure from the plan of Jesus Christ, the holy Author of our religion ; ' the insertion was rejected by a great ma- jority, in proof that they meant to com-prehend within the mantle of its protec-tion the Jew and the Gentile, the Chris-tian and the Mohammedan, the Hindu, and infidel of every demonination." This all goes to show that it was not the intention of the framers of the gov-ernment to establish a Christian nation, nor to give any one religion a preference over others, but to form a government where all who conduct themselves as good citizens stand on an equality before the law. No man because of his religious profession was to be given an advantage over other equally good citizens. It will be of interest at this juncture to note a comment by Jefferson, made regarding the First Amendment to the Constitu-tion : Ñ " Believing with you that religion is a matter which lies solely between man and his God, that he owes account to none other for his faith or his worship, that the legislative powers of government reach actions only, and not opinions, I contemplate with sovereign reverence that act of the whole American people which declared that their legislature should ' make no law respecting an es-tablishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof,' thus building a wall of separation between church and state." Let us now place with these the word-ing of a treaty made with Tripoli. In it we find the following: "As the govern-ment of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion." This treaty was signed by President Washington, who we all know was a Christian and had a high regard -for the Christian religion. It simply means that the government was founded in justice and on the rights and duties of man to man. It is a political and not a religious institution, a civil and not a Christian nation. A union between religion and the state is injurious¥to both. College Place, Wash. 