LIBERTY 27 ferred ; and if any one has a right to protest against the oath of the king of England, it is not the Church of Rome. C. M. S. Rome Applauds the Conference ONE of the most striking features of the World's Missionary Conference at Edinburgh was the communication from a high official of the Roman Catholic Church, Monsignor Bonomelli, of Cre-mona, Italy. After setting forth the rea-sons for united effort in evangelism, this Catholic bishop said : Š And now, I ask, are not these elements more than sufficient to constitute a com-mon ground of agreement, and to afford a sound basis for further discussion, tending to promote the union of all be-lievers in Christ? On this common ground, gentlemen, having your minds liberated from all passions or sectarian intolerance, animated, on the contrary, by Christian charity, bring together into one focus the results of your studies, the teachings of experience, whether in-dividual or collective, calmly carry on research, and promote discussion. May truth be as a shining light, illu-minating your consciences and making you all of one heart and one mind. My desire for you is but the echo of Christ's words, which have resounded through the centuries, Let there be one flock and one shepherd. As the Catholic Church does not in-tend to give up her claims to being the only true church, or of having as the head of her organization the one only shepherd of the true fold on earth, the intent of Mgr. Bonomelli's communica-tion is perfectly apparent. The Pope of Rome is the shepherd; the Church of Rome, the true fold; and a united Chris-tendom, to the Catholic mind, means the whole world acknowledging spiritual and temporal allegiance to the Pope. That is what Mgr. Bonomelli meant in his . communication to the World's Mission-ary Conference. The Church of Rome  sees plainly that the confederation of Christian churches will yet lead the world to the feet of " the vicar of Christ." It was in view of that prospect that Mgr. Bonomelli could say, " I ap-plaud your conference." Rome is not applauding anything that is inimical to her purpose. C. M. S. "National Reform" Fulfilling Prophecy THE National Reform Association Šwhich is the progenitor of the Interna-tional Bureau of Reform, whose head-quarters is at Washington, D. C., and whose chief does not hesitate to call it a " Christian lobby "Š is engaged in a de-termined battle for the full establishment of church-and-state union. Of course the association writers and speakers al, ways deny this, but its constitution expressly announces the purpose " to se-cure such an amendment to the Consti-tution of the United States as will de-clare the nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ, and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and so in-dicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our government on an un-deniably legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." If such a consumma-tion would not make a full-fledged church-and-state government, what would constitute such an institution? When " Christian laws " become state laws, what power will enforce them ? Will it not be the power of the state? Will it not be the police and secular courts that will be called upon to see that people obey the dictates of that which the state will recognize as the Christian church? That is all that church-and-state union ever was, or ever can be. Then there must inevitably follow the question as to what shall be the standard of " Christian laws." If the government, 