PROFESSOR WALDENSTROM, D. D., PH. D., WHO IS SEEKING TO BRING ABOUT A SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE IN SWEDEN LIBERTY 35 past, which work she would undoubtedly again resume, had she the power, she meets with no sympathy from them. On the contrary, their aim is to undermine her foundations. Infidels, as a matter of course, are all against her. These, to-gether with the socialistic element, hope some day to gain complete control of her, and turn her into an institution that shall be a means of propagating that kind of " scientific religion " where reason is en-throned as the high priest. There are de-mands everywhere for separation of chufch and state. Twice since 1908 have motions been made in the Lu-theran Chur ch council to that ef-fect. Both have been made by the founder of the largest free church movement in Swe- d e n , Professor Waldenstrom. He has placed before the leaders of the church the neces- sity of their taking the first step to-ward the dissolu-tion. Others have held out before them, as an object-lesson, the experiences of the church in France,' prophesying that the church of Sweden will inevitably meet with the same fate. But they will not forego the support of the state, which they dearly love. Yet among her ministers there are some noble exceptions. Many are pray-ing for the day when the separation shall come. As far as liberty to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of one's own con-science is concerned, there is nothing that  hinders in Sweden. Yet everybody, whether he belongs to the state church or not, has to pay his share of the taxes that support her. His leaving the church does not relieve him from the burden of supporting her financially. Children who go to the public schools, must be instructed in religion according to the tenets of the state church, even if the parents are against it; and if the chil-dren receive pri-vate instruction or attend other schools, it is the parents' duty to see to it that they receive at least the amount o f relig-i o u s instruction taught in the public schools; otherwise the children can be taken from their parents and put in the public schools. There are Sun-day laws on the statute-books, but they are very sel-dom enforced. There is, however, a strong undercur-rent in favor of stricter observance of Sunday. The attention of t h e legislators h a s , time a n d again, been called to this subject, but thus far the stricter enforcement of Sunday ob- servance has met with no approval. Sunday is preeminently a day of sport- ing in Sweden. There is no Sunday- keeping, such as we see in the United States. We thank God for the amount of religious liberty that exists here, and long for the day when the principles of freedom of conscience shall have per-meated everything, and true liberty shall be found, everywhere. Stockholm, Sweden. 