LIBERTY and to force the adoption of their own ceremonials by civil process. Particularly is this true of those who are striving to secure legislative enact-ments for the strict observance of Sun-day as the Sabbath, although the Bible nowhere indicates that any special defer-ence should be shown to the first day of the week. Its assumed sacredness is due entirely to sectarian preference, the true Sabbath of the Scriptures having been set aside. California and Arizona alone of all the States are free from these sectarian Sunday laws; but the Oregon enactments have been found unconstitutional, and Nevada is all but clear from the indict-ment. Utah, the stronghold of Mormon-ism, has a stringent Sunday law, but through force of public sentiment the law is inoperative in the larger cities. In Idaho, the governor has urged the legis-lature to repeal the Sunday law, on ac-count of its unconstitutionality and the utter inability of the supreme court to construe its absurd prohibitions or to reconcile its shameless discriminations. Notwithstanding the failure in Califor-nia last year to invoke the initiative in behalf of a proposed Sunday law, to have been voted upon at the November elec-tion, less than two per cent of the men and women voters having signed the pe-titions, the advocates of the measure had the temerity to submit the bill, in slightly modified form, to the legislature, now in session at Sacramento. This time, con-cealing as best they could their own con-nection with the matter, the ministers who have been clamoring for years for such enactment, pushed forward the la-bor elements, not only as constituting the main beneficiaries of restrictive laws, but as the actual sponsors for the bil, now pending determination. The bill is designated as the Weekly Day of Rest Bill, but care was exercised to make it clear in the wording of the bill that Sunday, and only Sunday, would be recognized as such " day of rest." While their attorneys argued at the pub-lic hearing in the assembly chamber, where a great assemblage was gathered  at night late in January, that there was nothing religious about the proposition, they occupied nearly all their time in the endeavor to prove that Sunday laws were not unconstitutional, and that such laws had been upheld by the supreme courts of various States as proper leg-islation. And yet the sectarian character of the bill was instantly apparent. Places of business would be closed during the hours of Sunday worship which would be allowed to open when such services were past, and other business would be suppressed altogether on Sunday, while no restraint is proposed for Sunday amusements. Only in cases of extreme urgency could medical or surgical aid be secured, while in an endeavor to avoid effective opposition, really objectionable pastimes that might well be prohibited every day in the week, would be left by this partizan law to unrestricted enjoy-ment of Sunday harvests. So many ex-emptions are provided for that it is evi-dent the advocates of Sunday sacredness only hope to secure some slight recogni-tion for their day of worship, trusting in the future to remedy any defects that may appear, as the power of resistance is weakened. But care is taken, while pretending to grant exemption to those who observe another day. as the Sabbath, to make this grudging concession inoperative to the business of true Sabbath-keepers, for they are left subject to stringent restric-tions, and even these pretended benefits are open only to those who are members of a religious society, regularly observing a day other than Sunday as a day of wor-ship. Others, observing the same day from equally conscientious motives, would have no consideration. The unwarranted conclusion drawn from the appearance of a few members of labor-unions, that organized labor on the Pacific Coast had been committed to enforced Sunday observance, was swept away by the authoritative declaration of the secretary of the State Federation of Labor. Coming as the personal repre-sentative of the allied gilds, Mr. Paul 