92 LIBERTY to exceed fifteen hundred dollars, for the purpose of enforcing the provisions of the foregoing section of this act. SEcriox 2.Š This act shall take effect Oct. I, 1912. The reader will bear in mind that this is not a local affair. It is to be a nation- wide campaign. It is inaugurated by a " commission " appointed by the Federal Council of Churches of Christ in Amer- ica, and so has behind it all the power and authority and influence of that great religious body. To insure the success of the undertaking, that organization has joined forces with the American Federa-tion of Labor. It is intended to employ all the power and influence of these or-ganizations in every State in the Union in the interest of an enforced rest day. This is not merely an effort to insure to oppressed labor one day of rest after six days of toil, as the California law pro-vides ; but it proposes to strengthen every Sunday law now in existence in the country by this further provision. Let it be borne in mind also that the movement for an enforced rest day did not originate with those who needed to take the rest, but rather with those who had an object in wishing the workers to take the rest. In fact, at one of the very first hearings held by a committee of Congress upon a Sunday-rest bill a representative of the labor unions was present and made an eloquent speech against the bill. During the twenty years and more since that time the advo-cates of a compulsory rest day have been laboring with the labor leaders to in-duce them to change their position in this matter. It is not to be wondered at if they succeed, in view of the fact that the membership of the American Feder-ation of Labor is dominantly Roman Catholic, and the Roman Catholic Church has repeatedly spoken, urging Catholics to join in the effort to secure a compulsory day of rest. If the move- ment succeeds, it will be because Prot-estantism (so-called, and only so in the calling) has clasped hands with Roman-ism and joined force with force to bring it about. It is not strange that Catholicism should be willing to have the Sunday in-stitution enforced upon the people. It is in harmony with her course through many centuries in making religion and religious practises matters of compul-sion. In fact, the first law for the en-forcement of the Sunday institution was enacted by a ruler who is claimed as a member of the Catholic Church. As a matter of fact, the only authority for the Sunday institution anywhere in exist-ence is the authority of the Roman Cath-olic Church. What more natural than that she should be willing that professed Protestants should assist her in making the Sunday institution binding upon all people? This explains the change of at-titude on the part of the labor unions ; but it does not explain why Protestant churches are assisting the Roman Church to fasten a Roman institution upon all the people, whether they wish it, or whether they are opposed to it. The publishers of this journal have for years proclaimed it as their belief that the time would come, and that, too, in this generation, when a recognition of the Sunday institution would be made compulsory in this country under penalty of law. This nation-wide campaign, in which are joined the forces of the labor unions, the Roman Church, and pro-fessed Protestantism, is, beyond ques-tion, the beginning of the systematic movement necessary to accomplish that end. And these are the powers which will seek to enforce the institution upon unwilling individuals by the persuasive influence of law, persecution, and the boycott. There is more in this move-ment than its friends will admit or are able to comprehend. c. NI. s. 