HIS EMINENCE, CARDINAL GIBBONS LIBERTY  ?, and state, the popes teach that state and church are distinct and supreme, each in its order ; but that they are not separated ; that they are united, just as body and soul, though distinct, are united. It thus appears that. Roman Catholic writers can dwell eloquently upon the distinction between church and state, and can declare that each one is supreme in its sphere, and at the same time can con- sistently b e - lieve in the union of church and state. This view of the subject dates from the wri-tings of Thomas Aqui-nas, whose illustration o f the proper re- lation between the two pow-ers has been perpetuated in later wri-tings: Ñ Human gov-ernment is de-rived from di-vine, and should imitate it. . . . For the temporal power is subject to the spir-itual as the body to the soul, therefore it is not a usurpation of jurisdiction if a spiritual prelate intrudes himself into temporal affairs. To the same effect is the utterance made in March, 1897, by Mgr. Schroeder, then Professor of Dogmatic Theology in the Roman Catholic University in Wash-ington, who strongly condemned the tendency toward liberalism : Ñ It is the great heresy of the nineteenth century Ñ the negation of the supremacy of Christ and his church over state and society in general. Protestant readers, then, should under-stand that Cardinal Gibbons is not advo- cating the separation of church and state as a right principle, but merely that dis- tinction between t h e two which does not for-bid such a union as ex- i s t s between the soul and the body. His- tory testifies in the most em-phatic manner that this prin-ciple of union has been advo- cated and adopted in all countries where the Ro-man Catholics were in the majority, a n d where such a union meant the union of the Roman Catholic relig-ion with t h e state. Toward the close of his article, Cardinal Gibbons again states the teaching of the Roman Catholic Church upon the question of the relation between the church and the state : Ñ Her doctrine on the subject has been this : In a country wholly or predom-inantly Catholic, the most desirable rela-tion is the friendly union and co-opera-tion of church and state, neither power sacrificing its liberty and each acknowl- 