48 LIBERTY and his teacher, when she asked him, Johnny, if we call a dog's tail a leg, then how many legs has he? ' The little fellow promptly re-plied, Four legs, ma'am.' She asked, ' How do you make that out ? ' The young senator looked up into her face and said, Calling a dog's tail a leg does not make it a leg.' It sometimes seems as if those who favor Sun-day laws have not quite learned the lesson taught by the little schoolboy. " In Section 2, number 5, of this bill, we read an exemption which is extended to any person who is a member of a religious so-ciety which observes some other day than Sunday as its day of worship, and who ac-tually keeps his place of business or occupa-tion closed and does not work for profit or wages upon said day of worship.' The reli-gious character of this bill is unmistakably set forth in these words. Unjust Religious Discrimination " We deny the right of any man or body of men, under our Constitution, to thus legis-late. This bill gives a professed Christian privileges not accorded to a non-Christian; and we oppose this injustice, in the language of the supreme court decision of California upon this very question of Sunday legislation. We quote as follows : Š " The government has no more power to punish a citizen when he professes no religion than it has when he professes any particular religion.' This grand principle is also found in our federal Constitution, which says, No religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States.' And lastly, we quote the Man of Calvary, who said, ' If any man hear my words, and believe not, 1 judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world;' and again, Render there-fore unto Caesar the things which are Cxsar's; and unto God the things that are God's.' " If Christ would not judge a man who believed not, how dare we set up a religious standard, and proceed to judge and punish the man who does not believe? The severe penal-ties of this bill fall upon the head of the non-Christian. As Christ taught that we owe some duties to earthly governments,Š tax, etc., Š so he also taught that we owe some things to God. Christ taught us that the Son of man is Lord also of the Sabbath,' and if this is true, then we owe it to him and not to Caesar Š the civil government. The State of Oregon is not lord of the Sabbath,' and if not, it can never justly require its observ- ance by even the least of its citizens. Our government is a civil and not a religious in-stitution,' and the fact is . . . that the power to make the law rests in the legislative con-trol over things temporal and not over things spiritual.' These last words are from Su- preme Justice Thurman of Ohio. Therefore, upon the authority of the Supreme Judge of the universe, whose grand and lofty principles are today recognized by supreme judges of this great nation and by millions of our best citizens, we here stand in defense of the rights of that man who makes no profession of any religion. " We affirm that he has the same inalienable rights that Christians have; and to us it does seem a pity that some who claim to be true followers of the lowly Nazarene set such a poor, unworthy example when they seek civil power to enact a religious standard, and then punish those who do not conform to it. Freedom of Choice in Religion " Washington, Madison, Jefferson, Benja-min Franklin, and other noble Fathers of this mighty nation were clear cut in their views of a man's freedom of choice in matters re-ligious. Their teachings forbid forever legis-lation like this under consideration. " The great men who founded our repub-lic did not found it in any sense upon the Christian religion.' It was not founded upon any religion. It proclaimed liberty through-out all the land,' guaranteeing to every man his right to choose what religion, if any, he might adopt as his own. So long as he con-ducts himself as a good citizen, he cannot, of right, be interfered with in the least in religious matters. The government is to know no difference in its protection between the man who professes no religion and the reli-gious man. In this respect our nation is far in advance of other civilized nations where exists a union of church and state. Swapping Spiritual Weapons for Carnal " The Son of God gave his word and the power of the Holy Spirit to carry forward his work among men. With these weapons his church has been successful. The greatest hindrance that ever came to the gospel was when misguided men sought some alliance with earthly governments by securing reli-gious enactments, and using carnal weapons to defend the gospel. " This proposed legislation is wrong. It is against the highest interests of this State. It is bad for every religious organization and for every individual as well. God says, whoso-ever will may come, and leaves every man to choose for himself ; and every effort on the part of the state to erect a religious standard, is but a usurpation of authority. The perse-cution of the past nineteen hundred years has been the result of the cruel effort to estab-lish religious standards by civil law. Let the state keep to its work, which is only that of protecting men in their rights, civil and reli-gious. Let the church do her work with the spiritual weapons furnished her by Heaven. 