Cardinal Gibbons in miter and chasuble, and bearing the shep herd's crook, on his way Łto celebrate the Pan-American Thanksgiving Mass at St. Patrick's Church, Washington. See article on page 6 LIBERTY 33 affirmation " after " oath," and by add-ing the clause " but no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States." There was fear that religious liberty was not sufficiently guaranteed by the Constitution, while, on the other hand, some contended that the Constitution was too broad on that subject, and in- sisted that a religious test should be put into that instrument. An illustration of the feelings of the people who were called upon to ratify the Constitution may be gathered from the speeches made by dele-gates to the different State conventions. We will quote briefl) from the record of the Mas-sachusetts con v en-tion : Š " Jan. 31, 1788. In the conversation on the sixth article, which pro-vides that ' no religious test shall ever be re-quired as a qualification for office,' etc., several gentlemen urged that it was a departure from the principles of our forefathers, who came here for the preservation of their religion ; and that it would admit deists, atheists, etc., into the general govern-ment, and, people being apt to imitate the examples of the court, these prin-ciples would be disseminated, and, of course, a corruption of morals ensue. Gentlemen on the other side applauded the liberality of the clause, and repre-sented in striking colors the impropriety, and almost impiety, of the requisition of a test, as practised in Great Britain and elsewhere. " REV. MR. SHUTE : Mr. President, to object to the latter part of the paragraph under consideration, which excludes a religious test, is, I am very sensible, very popular; for the most of men, somehow, are rigidly tenacious of their own sen- timents in religion, and disposed to im-pose them upon others as the standard of truth. . . . " To establish a religious test as a qualification for office in the proposed federal Constitution, it appears to me, sir, would be attended with injurious consequences to some individuals, and 'with no advantage to the whole. By the injurious consequences to individuals, I mean, sir, that some who, in every other respect, are qualified to fill some impor-tant post in government will be excluded by their not being able to stand the re-ligious test; which I take to be a priva-tion of part of their civil rights. " Nor is there to me any conceivable advantage, sir, that would result to the whole from such a test. Unprincipled and dishonest men will not hesitate to subscribe to anything that may open the way for their advancement."Š Elliott's Debates, Vol. II, page 118. In the North Carolina convention, July 3o, 1788, Mr. Iredell, replying to some opposition to this no-religious-test clause, said: Š " I consider the clause under consid-eration as one of the strongest proofs that could be adduced, that it was the intention of those who founded this sys-tem to establish a general religious lib- 