Virginia the First State to Dises- tablish Religion  By the Editor THE year 1920 has a double distinc-tion, since it marks the three hun- dredth anniversary of the two great historic events which ultimately led to the founding of the American Re-public. One was the signing of the " Mayflo¥wer Compact " and the landing of the Pilgrims ; and the other was the convening of the first American legislative assem-bly in Virginia. Captain John Smith, ignorant of the coming of the Pilgrims, met with his fellow colonists at James City (Jamestown), Va., for the purpose of laying the foundation of what a century and a half later became the dem-ocratic form of government in the United States. And the Pil-grims, ignorant of the doings of the Virginia settlement, likewise resolved to establish, as generally stated, a government upon " the principles of civil and reli-gious liberty and the practice of a genuine democracy." All this occurred in the year 1620. Thus the North and the South share equal honors this year in the An gl o-S a x o n-American celebration of this tercentenary. While Roger Wil-liams succeeded in establishing in his Rhode Island colony the first model republic granting full civil and religious liberty to all citizens alike, Virginia was the first State in the Union that succeeded in disestablishing religion where it had been established,  and in completely divorcing the church and the state, thus throwing off for the first time the shackles of religious 'op-pression. George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, James Madison, Patrick Henry, and George Mason were the five stalwarts in the Virginia legislature and commonwealth who opened the fight against any union of church and state, and who finally suc-ceeded, in 1785, in establishing religious freedom in Virginia. Massachusetts can boast of many things, but the Puritan grip upon that State was not released, so far as religious establishment by civil law was concerned, until more than half a century after the signing of the Declaration of Independence. Massachu-setts maintained the establish-ment of the Congregational Church as a State church until 1833, while her Sunday blue law enacted under the old re-gime of a union of church and state, she has retained to this day, notwith-standing the guaran-ties of religious liberty vouchsafed to each eiti-zen in the Federal Con- stitution, and also in her own fundamental law. Some Americans have believed t h at from the moment we declared our inde- pendence from England we have en- joyed full civil and religious liberty in the United States. This is a very mis- taken idea. We have full religious lib-erty guaranteed to us only in our Fed- 101 ---1"-----551131593441eXti-"-rf  The white shaft of this monu-ment is the first mark of historic interest to greet the eyes of the visitor as he approaches James-town Island. The monument was erected by the United States Gov-ernment to commemorate the founding of the nation. 