26 LIBERTY founded upon the principle wrought out in the great Reformation Š the separa-tion of church and state.Š ED.] No work of man has been of greater moment since the legions of Cxsar brought Rome's civilization across Eu-rope. In the galaxy of humanity's most powerful figures, that of Dr. Martin Lu-ther stands easily among the first ten. Š Editorial in Washington Post of Nov. 6, 1909. Ł .4IŁŁŁ Ł Discharging an Obligation to the Roman Catholic Church W. W. PRESCOTT IT is a fundamental doctrine among Roman Catholic writers upon the sub-ject that although a distinction (not separation) is to be recognized between the church and the state, there is yet the same intimate connection and rela-tion between the two as between the soul and the body. History demonstrates that wherever it has been possible to do so, the Roman Catholic hierarchy has put this principle into practise, and has either, through the instrumentality of concordats, established the exact na-ture of this relationship or has as-sumed a sort of protectorate over the state by virtue of which the civil au-thority was made subject to ecclesias-tical control. The recent experiences in France growing out of the annul-ment of the famous Concordat which had been in force for a century, illus-trate the tenacity with which the Papacy clings to emoluments which it has secured from the state, and the tur-moil which it is capable of creating when it is deprived of state aid,. In any country where Protestants are in the majority, the Roman Catholic Church never urges a concordat; but, adopting that principle of expediency which has characterized this organiza-tion from its beginning, it freely con-sents to the separation of the church and the state. In such circumstances this policy results more favorably to the Roman Catholic interests and prevents Protestants from gaining those sup-posed advantages which, arise from an alliance with the state. As the power and influence of the Roman Catholic Church increase in any country, their tendency to exert a controlling influ-ence in the affairs of state becomes more prominent, and their use of the solidarity of the Roman Catholic Church as a political power becomes more apparent. The members of all other denominations unite with political parties as individuals, and they look for political rewards, not on account of church connection, but as citizens who have served well their party. In marked contrast with this is the Roman Cath-olic method. As indicating the differ-ence and as an illustration of the pres-ent Roman Catholic aggressiveness in political matters, we submit a portion of an editorial in the Western Watch-man (Roman Catholic) of December i6, in which the *appointment of Mr. Richard Kerens as ambassador to Vi-enna is discussed. We invite attention to these utterances: Š " At the close of the November elec-tion, when it became evident that Mr. Kerens was not to be senator from Missouri, we demanded for him, in the name of the hundreds of thousands of Catholics who had supported Mr. Taft, because of his honorable course on every question where the Church was concerned, that he should reward him with a first-class ambassadorship. We were bold in making this demand, first, because the Catholics of the country deserved recognition from the Presi-dent; and, secondly, because we were sure that the new President was con-scious of the obligation. We assured him that he could in no better way dis-charge that obligation than by honoring with a first-class foreign appointment a man whom every Catholic, lay and cler-ical, in the land loved and honored. . . . " There was not one bishop in the United States who did not desire Mr. Kerens's appointment, and some of them so assured the President. . . . 