2 LIBERTY ernment on the basis of a virtual lease of the churches in perpetuity to the parish priests by the mayors. The government officials do not take kindly to the proposi-tion ; but the French press is divided over the matter. Some of the papers consider that the Vatican has offered a basis for a settlement which is compatible with its dig-nity and duty, and others consider that it is a skilful maneuver of the church, designed to furnish an excuse for suspending public worship upon the pretext that the necessary guarantees are refused, and that, therefore, the government can not entertain such a proposition. M. Briand says: " If the epis-copate considers this a basis for negotiation, we do not respond." The Chamber of Deputies has passed the public meetings Sill by a majority of 55o to 5 England. Š The progress of religious liberty in England has been brought to a standstill by the killing of the Education bill in the House of Lords. This action is caus-ing many in England to ask for the exclu-sion of the bishops from the House of Lords. Speaking of the bishops and their relation to the legislation of the realm, one writer says : " By their obscurantism in general, the bishops are forcing on the Eng-lish democracy the problem of disestablish-ment ; and more than that, by their union with the lords temporal they are hastening the abolition or reconstruction of the House of Lords." Germany.Š France is not the only Euro-pean nation which has its clerical problem. It has been brought to public attention in Germany very recently by the issuance of a vigorous election manifesto by Chancellor Von Buelow, in which this personal repre-sentative of the kaiser appeals to the elec-torate to rid itself of the domination of the clerical party. At the same time the German Evangelical League is placarding the country with circulars urging the exclu-sion of the Catholics from influence in the Reichstag, by a Protestant union at the polls. The league disclaims any intention of permanent political activity, but vigor-ously advocates united action in order to eliminate Catholic Church influence from  German affairs. It is already predicted that there will be a marked weakening of the clerical influences in the forthcoming Reichstag. The clericals joined with the socialists in order to frustrate the designs of the emperor, and this is now working as a boomerang against themselves. With Spain apparently desirous of following France, and with the German government turned against the aspirations of the Cath-olic Church, the sorrows of the Vatican seem to be multiplying, for the immediate present at least. In Germany opposition to the state churches is a decided movement of the day. It comes, not from the state, but seemingly from within the church itself. In various quarters it is said that there is a demand for a rupture with the state churches en masse. Large numbers have actually severed their connection with the state churches. This is due largely to the fact that religious instruction in the public schools is compulsory. The control of the public schools is placed in the hands of pastors, and the children are compelled to learn the catechism and Bible history. Switzerland. Š Switzerland seems to be watching France closely, with an idea of following her example as far as possible in the matter of the separation of church and state. The idea of such a separation is gaining ground rapidly. The city council of Basel is seriously considering the inno-vation, and the Superior Council of Geneva has gone so far as to propose the separation of church and state in connection with the " cultus budget," and has adopted the fol-lowing article : " The freedom of worship is guaranteed. The state and the political communions do not contribute to the main-tenance of any form of worship, nor can anybody be compelled to contribute to the expenses of any religious observance or service." The United States.ŠMore and more frequently we see press notices of co-opera-tion between labor unions and pastors' unions, as well as the appointments of " fraternal delegates " from certain churches to gatherings of labor leaders. Labor movements in Toledo, Ohio, have 