General Articles Proposed National Religious Legislation Another Sunday Bill Before Congress W. A. COLCORS THE friends of religious legislation are again in evidence. On January 5, 1906. the following Sunday bill (H. R. iosio) for the District of Columbia, was introduced in the House of Representatives, by Hon. A. L. Allen, of Maine:Ñ " A BILL TO FURTHER PROTECT THE FIRST DAY OF THE WEEK AS A DAY OF REST IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. " Whereas, There has recently been an increase not only of traffic, but also of hard labor on Sunday in the national capital, in-cluding the public filling and driving of dirt carts, to the great offense of Christian and humane citizens; and, "Whereas, The President has been ap-pealed to by philanthropic societies of this city to suppress this Sunday toil ordered by contractors for government work and others, and has regretfully said that there is no law that would enable him to do so; and, " Whereas, The following bill has been twice approved in previous Congresses by the Commissioners of the District of Co-lumbia, therefore "Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That it AO not be lawful for any person to keep open any place of business or maintain a stand for the sale of any article or articles of profit during Sunday, excepting vendors of books an¥d newspapers, ¥and apothecaries for the dispensing of medicines, and under-takers for the purpose of providing for the dead, or others for the purpose of charity or necessity; nor ¥shall any public playing of football o¥r ¥baseball or any other kind of playing, sports, pastimes, or diversions dis-turbing the peace and quiet of the day, be practised by any person or persons within the District of Columbia on Sunday; nor shall any building operations or work upon railroad construction be lawful upon said day; and for any violation of this Act the person offending shall for each offense be liable to a fine of not less than five dollars nor more than fifty ¥dollars, and in the case of corporations there Shall be a fine for  every person employed in violation of this Act laid upon the corporation offending. " SEC. 2. That it shall be a sufficient de-fense to a prosecution for labor on the first day of the week that the defendant uni-formly keeps another day of the week as a day of rest, and that the labor complained of was done in such a manner as not to interrupt or disturb other persons in observ-ing the first day of the week as a day of rest. This Act shall not be construed to prevent the sale of refreshments other than malt or spirituous liquors, or to prevent the sale of malt and spirituous liquors as now provided by the law, or tobacco, cigars, rail-road and steamboat tickets, or the collection and delivery of baggage." Sunday observance originated in relig-ion; hence all Sunday laws are, in their original intent and purpose, religious. The proposed measure now before Congress, like all Sunday laws from the days of Con-stantine down, is therefore religious. Through Sunday legislation church and state were united in the fourth and fifth centuries. Sunday legislation will result in the same evil now. cA District Law an Entering Wedge This is only another effort, in a long line of attempts, to get the government of the United States committed to religious legis-lation. From almost the earliest history of this nation, contrary to one of its funda-mental principles, misguided men have sought to fasten religious legislation onto the national government, and thus unite church and state in the United States. The chief means by which they have sought to do this has been through Sunday legisla-tion. As early as 1811, 1829, and 183o, petitions and memorials were sent to Con-gress, praying for legislation prohibiting the carrying and handling of mails on Sunday. In 1888 Senator Blair introduced a bill for a very stringent national Sunday law, openly based on grounds directly religious. This applied to the whole nation, and pro-vided a fine of one thousand dollars for its violation. It was rejected in commit-tee, largely because of its religious char-acter. Since that time certain religious organiza- 