LIBERTY 117 still in their days of darkest ignorance and superstition. Samuel Kneeland, A. M., M. D., one of the party of five noted Americans to visit Iceland and other north lands in 1874, when the inhabitants of Iceland cele-brated the millennial anniversary of the founding of their republic, says: " The history of Iceland is the most remarkable during the Dark Ages, as showing how literature and religion can elevate hu-manity, under circumstances which, without these, invariably lead to degra-dation." We give below sections from the con-stitution of the althing, or Icelandic as-sembly, as translated by Professor Mag-nusson, of Cambridge, England : " 46. The people shall have the right to form societies for the worship of God according to their consciences, so long as they respect good morals and public or-der. " 47. No one shall forfeit his national rights on account of religion, nor can he excuse himself on that account from pub-lic duties. " 51. Every man shall have the right to work at his trade, without interference by the law or by other citizens. " 54. Freedom of the press is absolute. There shall be no censorship, and the man shall be responsible to the courts of law for his utterances in case of libel." As preface to his chapter on Political History of Iceland, the author quoted : " What should we do but sing his praise, Who led us through the watery maze Unto an isle so long unknown, And yet far kinder than our own, To land us on a grassy stage, Safe from the storm and tyrant's rage? " Liberty and Democracy (Continued from page 113) people, the people will have justice, lib-erty, and tranquillity, and the reign of autocracy and militarism will be doomed. Such a condition can only be  realized in its fulness when each indi-vidual eradicates the spirit of autocracy and inequality out of his own heart, and regards every other man as his brother and his equal. Self-government must reside in the heart and soul of man before it can be securely established in external relations. If each reforms him-self, the world will be reformed; but not otherwise. Let every American be true and loyal to the principles upon which our Govern-ment was founded, and our Government will need to fear no foe, either domestic or foreign. It is only when we as a peo-ple lose the spirit of our constitutional guaranties in our relations with each other, and merely possess the empty spir-itless forms on the parchment, that we are in danger. The foundations of the bulwarks of human freedom are securely laid in the recesses of the human heart, and the liberty of the soul no enemy can conquer or enslave. Religion and the Government WHEN Christianity asks the aid of government beyond mere impartial pro-tection, it disowns itself. Its essential interests lie beyond the reach and range of human governments. United with government, religion never rises above the merest superstition; united with reli-gion, government never rises above the merest despotism; and all history shows us that the more widely and completely they are separated, the better it is for both.Š Judge Welch, of the supreme court of the State of Ohio. " I EXHORT therefore, that, first of all, supplications, prayers, intercessions, and giving of thanks, be made for all men; for kings, and for all that are in author-ity; that we may lead a quiet and peace-able life in all godliness and honesty. For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Saviour." 1 Tim. 2 : 1-2 