76 LIBERTY During the fourth period (1648-1702) Louis XIV assumed the leadership of ab-solutism, while William III (Prince of Orange) supported the cause of Protest-antism and civil liberty. By his efforts constitutional freedom was firmly estab-lished in England. Prussia now assumed the place formerly held by Sweden as the first of the northern kingdoms. Undoubtedly the greatest example of the achievement of political and religious liberty is that of our own country. Dur-ing the absolutism of the Stuarts, the American colonies made rapid growth as men sought asylum here from that tyranny, and the foundations were laid for the future Republic of the West. In the opinion of Dr. Fisher, England and Holland, in their example of constitu-tional and political liberty, opened the way for the founding of the Republic of the United States of America. He states it thus tersely : " Without the victory of constitutional liberty in England, and without the political example of Holland, the North American Republic could not have arisen." Heeren, in his " Political Consequences of the Reformation," is very plain in his statement that the establishment of the government of the United States was a direct result of the Reformation of the sixteenth century : " Who were those exiles who set themselves down upon the coasts of a new world, in the forests of North America, because in that older land from which they came they were not suf-fered to worship their God after their own fashion! Were they not to the amount of four fifths of their number men banished across the ocean by the Restoration in England! It is true that these plantations were founded during the reign of Elizabeth, but it is a notorious fact in history that the stormy period of the uarts was also the period of their first pros- ity. . . . " Thus the political consequences of the Ref-ormation spread themselves even beyond the ocean: and thus it is an undoubted truth that without the Reformation there would have been no free states of North America. Reader, look beyond the Atlantic, to that new world where Europe is represented in its young and vigorous offspring! then look back to Luther and Tetzel, and then attempt, if thou darest, to foretell the effect of the Reformation." The effect of the Reformation has been even greater on religious liberty than on civil liberty, for religious liberty assured us civil liberty in a higher degree and larger measure than would otherwise have been possible. By the incorporation of these two principles in the Constitu-tion of the United States, this nation has " led the whole world out of darkness into light, and seems destined to a still greater leadership." Who would dare to say that the Refor-mation has ceased to have its effect on the history of the world ? In all the great nations of Europe men have lib-erty to worship God according to the dictates of their own conscience. Even in China and Japan have the doors been opened to welcome the missionary, the teacher of religious liberty. Slowly, one by one, the nations of the world have bowed, not to the country, but to the spirit of the Reformation. Through all the turmoil of nations, through all the martyrdom of the Re-formers, and through the bloodshed of the Inquisition, Protestantism has stood as the true exponent, not only of reli-gious freedom, but also of political free-dom, as exemplified in the great democ-racies of today. Says one writer : " All the religious liberty known today, either by individuals or by states, or yet by the churches, is due to the Reformation." Four hundred years have passed and the work of this great revival has not stopped, nor will it ever stop while time shall last, and men aspire to self-govern-ment and self-development. For our na-tion to take a single backward step, and deny to the individual his God-given right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, would be a downward step and treason to our cherished institutions and our modern civilization. In so far as America upholds the prin-ciples of liberty, justice, equality, and fraternity, just so far will she receive the seal of divine approval. As dear to the soul as life itself is LIBERTY. May this sentiment ever find ready response in all American hearts. 