LIBERTY 63 the pictures of the people in the interests of a " broad morality " and of " ortho-dox " religion. It is true that the world is today far from being what it ought to be ; but if it does not compare favorably with me-dieval times, when there were no " mov-ies " and no available literature worthy the name, we have read the history of the Middle Ages to little purpose. Cer-tainly we cannot afford to turn back-ward the hands of the great clock of the centuries in the vain hope of making people good by civil pains and penalties. C. P. B. tV Of !V The New British Premier a Baptist Centuries-old Traditions Shattered AMONG the many record-breaking rev-olutions brought about in England by the career of David Lloyd-George, is the fact that he is the first Baptist in all British history to hold the office of prime min-ister of Great Britain. Until now the premiers have always been members of the established church. True, Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman was a Presbyte-rian. But the Presbyterian denomina-tion ranks north of the Tweed as a state church, and therefore he could not be looked upon as a nonconformist. Dissent was formerly considered a crime which led to the block, rather than to power. The Tudors would have con-sidered it treason to the state to appoint a minister who differed from them in re-ligious belief. Had to Belong to Church of England Under the Stuarts the Test Act was inaugurated, in order to compel all men holding government office to belong_ to the Church of England. It was because nonconformists were subjected to such bitter persecution in England that so many of them were compelled to immi-grate to America, and to found the colo-nies of New England. That the new prime minister should be a Baptist is a blow to all traditions ; and  the climax was furnished when on Christ-mas Eve he actually preached the sermon in the Baptist chapel, of Castle Street, London.Š Washington Post, Jan. 2a, 1917. Blue Laws WHEN a man is a criminal and when he is not is generally a matter of geography. It is as easy to be virtuous in Massachu-setts as it is in Oregon, but whether the law recognizes you as such depends en-tirely upon the particular State where you live. A writer in the Hartford Courant passes out a résumé of some of the old New England blue laws, laid down by our forefathers concerning the -observance of the Massachusetts Sunday. Any zealous public official, if he wishes to insure himself unpopularity and fail-ure to be reelected, has only to busy him-self with some of these old ordinances. Of course, most of them are no longer enforced, yet if they were strictly ap-plied to present-day conditions, and to games and the use of objects invented since the blue-law legislation, we should be forbidden all acts, such as,Š The purchase not only of meat and groceries, but also of milk, bakery prod-ucts, ice cream, candy, cigars and to-bacco, matches, toilet articles, writing pa-pers, magazines, books and stationery, newspapers, camera films, soda water, soda-fountain drinks, gasoline, tires, oils. Running automobiles either for pleas-ure or travel. Repairing automobiles. Cleaning automobiles or wagons. Playing golf or caddieing. Playing tennis or baseball if the games are to be counted in awarding a prize to teams in a league, or to individuals at the end of a series. Working in one's garden. Playing baseball or tennis anywhere except in specified public parks in the prescribed hours. Concerts anywhere except in specified public parks and between the prescribed hours. 