One Day of Rest in Seven W. M. HEALEY UNDER the above title the American Association for Labor Legislation has drawn up a bill for a proposed day of rest, and is asking every State to enact it into law. The proposed law is called " An Act to Promote the Public Health." The title of this bill is misleading, con-veying the idea that its real object is  stantine in A. D. 321, which reads : " Let all the judges and townspeople and the occupation of all trades rest on the ven-erable day of the sun; but let those who are situated in the country, freely and at full liberty attend to the business of agriculture." This bill, like Constan-tine's edict, is applied to the trades and STATE CAPITOL, HARRISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA This same bill was recently defeated in the Harrisburg legislature and in ten other legislatures. to obtain one day's rest in seven without regard to any particular day. The bill does not regard all days alike; on the contrary, it is in the interest of Sunday rest. The enacting clause forbids every employer of labor to employ such labor in any " factory or mercantile establish-ment " or to operate any " factory or mercantile establishment on Sunday," unless he has complied with certain rules and regulations; and when, under these regulations, some day other than Sunday is accepted for rest, it is only a substitute for Sunday. This bill in its scope resembles the first Sunday law on record, made by Con- mercantile pursuits Š work of the cities and towns Š and excepts, or rather does not apply to, agricultural pursuits. Constantine's edict was soon made of more general application, and was used to enforce Sunday rest as a religious ob-servance. There is good reason to be-lieve that the proposed law would be used for the same purpose. The author, in commenting upon it, says : " It is pur-posely limited in scope to those indus-tries where, for the time being, there is the greatest hope of the effective en-forcement of the law." Here is an ad-mission that the law would not be all that is desired, or that is expected in 109 