LIBERTY (1091) 41 to have eclipsed, in both attendance and interest, any previous convention of this body. Among the prominent speakers were President Taft, Hon. Champ Clark, speaker of the House of Representa-tives, Hon. Charles W. Fairbanks, former vice-president of the United States, Judge Ben B. Lindsey, and Booker T. Washington. We do not question the sincerity of this body of young people or their devo-tion to what they believe to be right. To a degree the name of the organization is expressive of its mission. It is to be regretted, however, that a movement which embraces so many grand and noble principles has been led into the adop-tion of methods in promoting its work which are contrary to the principles enunciated by Jesus Christ. The partic-ular feature of their work to which I refer is that denominated " The Chris-tian Citizenship Department," or, in other words, the securing of their cher-ished ambition by the means of civil legislation. The following drastic resolution on Sunday observance was unanimously adopted by the convention, as reported in the Philadelphia Press of July 12, 1911, from which we quote:Š Realizing that the growing en-croachments of business and pleasure upon Sunday are not only making the work of the churches difficult and in-juring public morality, but are also en-dangering the right of all men to a rest day, we urge all Christian Endeavorers to set the example of Sunday observ-ance, and to throw all their influence in favor of the preservation of Sunday as a day of rest and worship. We most heartily commend and indorse the action of the Postmaster-General in closing the post-offices on Sunday in large measure, and pledge our united support as rep-resenting four millions of young peo-ple in the United States to this action in the interests not only of the post-office  employees, but also of public morality and proper respect for the laws of God. We urge also upon civic authorities the enforcement of Sunday laws without discrimination. Could one imagine anything more drastic than this resolution, which urges that civil authorities enforce Sunday laws without discrimination ? One can scarcely recall in all the history of the past a more sweeping enforcement of Sunday laws than this resolution calls for. In order that Sunday laws might appear less odious, the champions of Sunday legislation have had incorpo-rated into these laws a clause exempting from their penalties those who observe another day of the week. But not so with the resolution passed by the Chris-tian Endeavorers ; for it plainly declares that the Sunday law should be enforced without discrimination. This resolution very plainly voices the spirit that those who have carefully studied this ques- tion have long maintained was lying back of such laws; for the whole scheme of Sunday legislation is intolerant, and therefore contrary to the principles of religious freedom. It should be the earnest prayer of every child of God that the members of this great organization may be brought to realize how they are misdirecting their influence and power for good in the world by turning their backs upon God's power in seeking help from the puny arm of the state. Instead of attending the primaries for the purpose of exert-ing political influence, Christians should attend the prayer-meeting to obtain power from God, that they may influ-ence souls to come to Christ. Instegd of spending their time and, effort in ma=  king some favorite candidate's election sure, the children of God everywhere should be seeking to make sure their own calling and election and that of others for the kingdom of God. Instead 