8 LIBERTY that such an acknowledgment [of God] as is here proposed is an honor that is due to the nation's Saviour King, whose blessing we need, and without which we can never hope to succeed. So far as material success is concerned, this nation has succeeded. The nation has not had a formal acknowledgment of God in its Constitution. Has it, then, succeeded in spite of God's blessing?ŠVerily, no. It has been blessed of God, with its fundamental law just as it is. It has been blessed of God because it has respected individual rights, the equality of men before the law, liberty of con-science, and equality of opportunity. But it never would and never could have guaranteed those things if it had been operated upon the plan that is now pro-posed by political religionists. It may not be generally known that during the Civil War an effort was made to put into the national Constitu-tion, after the introductory words, this : " humbly acknowledging Almighty God as the source of all authority and power in civil government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations, and his revealed will as the supreme law of the land, in order to constitute a Christian government," etc. The president of the organization which sought to bring this about was no less a personage than Jus-tice William Strong, of the United States Supreme Court. It was thought the North could not succeed in putting down the rebellion without such an acknowl-edgment. The effort did not succeed ; but the rebellion was overcome. Yet the Confederate Constitution did contain such an acknowledgment of God. That Constitution, with the acknowledgment of God in it, perished with the cause to which it was wedded. Concerning this concrete and striking object lesson, Dr. Philip Schaff says : Š The name of God (lid not make it more pious or justifiable.Š Church and State (1888), page 39. And we may add, Neither did it insure the perpetuity of the Confederacy. This fact should have great weight when con-sidering the claim put forth to-day that the United States Constitution must con-tain an acknowledgment of God and of Jesus Christ in order to insure the per-petuity of the nation. It is impossible to demonstrate, either by reason or reve-lation, that the " Christian amendment to the Constitution " will guarantee the nation's perpetuity or insure that its acts will be more acceptable in the sight of God. The only demonstration we have on either side of the matter is that fur-nished by the Confederacy, and that proves the contrary. C. M. S. Preacher or Politician but Not Both WE have had the " stone age," the " iron age," and the " golden age," and some others ; but this present period of existence has three ages in one. This is the age of confederacy, the age of the preacher in politics, and the age of cler-ical skepticism. When men had strong faith in God, and believed his Word, they wrought wonderfully in the con-version of souls and the building of strong Christian characters among rank and file. They knew no stronger power and influence than that of Jehovah ; and he worked mightily through their instru-mentality. Clerical skepticism resulted in a disbelief in the power and ef-fectiveness of the divine agency; and that made seemingly essential a confed-eracy of the churches, and appeals to the secular arm and to political pressure. No such commission ever came to the followers of Christ from the lips of Christ. No such power and no such efforts are needed, or ever will be, where the faith of Jesus and faith in the power and purpose of Deity are sincerely main-tained. 