MARTIN LUTHER MONUMENT, WASHINGTON, D. C. No one can command or ought to command the soul except God, who alone can show it the way to heaven. It is futile and impossible to command, or by force to compel, any man's belief. Heresy is a spir-itual thing, which no iron can hew down, no fire burn, no water drown. . . . Whenever the temporal power presumes to legislate for the soul, it encroaches.Š Martin Luther LIBERTY mand of the decalogue. They were all given to the Jews; but we are not to suppose, therefore, that they are not bind-ing upon Christians. It will be freely admitted that a man can not be a Chris-tian and worship other gods, take the name of God in vain, dishonor his par-ents, lie, steal, commit adultery, kill, and covet. But all these commands and pro-hibitions were given to the Jews, and the Sabbath command was written in the midst of them. They stand or fall together. Then, too, we have our Saviour's own dec-laration that " the Sabbath was made for man." Mark 2: 27. That includes the human race, and not the Jew only. Finding no com-mand in the Word of God for the set-ting apart of Sun-day as a sabbath, the church to-day is appealing to the state for a law en-forcing the observ-ance of the day. It is a most striking anomaly that the modern Protestant church, professing to represent her Lord and Master Jesus Christ, should attempt to cre-ate an institution designed to sup-plant an institution of which he himself declares that he is Lord. Said Jesus : " The Son of man is Lord of the Sab-bath." Luke 6: 5. Is it not a paradox that the professed representatives of Jesus should seek to abolish and sup- plant an institution of which Jesus is Lord ? Yet wherever a national or State Sunday law is proposed, that is what is involved in it. Verily, there is no need for a national sabbath law. The divine institution is able to stand upon its own law ; and the human institution, being in opposition to the one which God established, is not de-serving of the support of either Chris-tians or non-Christians. " Every plant which my Heavenly Father hath not planted," said Jesus, " shall be rooted up." The human sabbath is such a plant, and as certain as the Word of God is true, that institution will not be found in the new earth. C. M. S. 