LIBERTY'  61 by the Romans, which made religion a part of the state. The day was to be venerated as a religious duty owed to the god of the sun. " During the Middle Ages, the civil authorities exercised the right to legis- late in religious matters after the man-ner of the Jewish theocracy. The Eng-lish Reformation introduced, for the first time, the doctrine' of the fourth commandment to the first day of the week. . . . " Chief Justice Lowrie, in Common-wealth vs. Nesbit, 34 Pa., 403, 409, after referring to the earlier legislation in this commonwealth and to the English act of 29 Charles II, chapter 7, upon which our laws were in a great meas-ure modeled, said: Let us consider the statutory defi-nition of what is forbidden. It is " any worldly employ-ment or business whatso-ever." What does this word ." worldly " mean? Its cor-relatives hold us to its meaning. Very evidently " worldly " is contrasted with religious, and all worldly employments are pro-hibited for the sake of the religious ones.' ÑPennsylvania Superior Court Reports. Vol, XXV, page 134. " Counsel for defendant contend that Christianity is a part of the law of the land, and hence independent of any stat-ute, the contract is invalid. . . . The Founder of the Christian religion said that his kingdom was ' not of this world,' and under our constitutions, both State and federal, no act can be required or forbidden by statute because such an act may be in accordance with or against the religious views of any one. The First Amendment to the federal Constitution provides: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof,' and the constitution of this State, Article I, section 26, reads : All men have a natural and inalienable right to worship  Almighty God according to the dictates of their own consciences, and no human authority should in any case whatever control or interfere with the rights of conscience.' If, therefore, the cessation of labor or the prohibition or the per-formance of any act were provided by statute for religious reasons, the statute could not be maintained. The Seventh-day Baptists and some others, as well as the Hebrews, keep Saturday, and the Mohammedans observe Friday. To com-pel them or any one else to observe Sun- PLYMOUTH ROCK, PLYMOUTH, MASS. day for religious reasons, would be 'con-trary to our fundamental law. . . . " It is incorrect to say that Christianity is a part of the common law of the land, however it may be in England, where there is union of church and state, which is forbidden here. The beautiful and di-vine precepts of the Nazarene do influ-ence the conduct of our people and individuals, and are felt in legislation and in every department of activity. They profoundly impress and shape our civilization. But it is by this influence that it acts, and not because it is a part of the organic law which expressly de-nies religion any place in the supervision or control of secular affairs. As a con-temporary construction of the federal Constitution, it may be well to recall that one of the first treaties of peace made by the United States,Ñ that with Tripoli, Ñ which was sent to the Senate with the signature of George Washington, who 