30 0.80) LIBERTY scout it. Said the National Reform Association through its official organ, the Christian Statesman:Š Whenever they [the Roman Catholics] are willing to cooperate in resisting the progress of political atheism, we will gladly join hands with them.Š Issue of Dec. II, 1884. This declaration has never been re- tracted. By the term " political atheism " they designate the principles of the American government with religion sep- arated from the foundations of govern- ment. Those to whom they made this bid for union of effort express their willingness in these words : Š There are many Christian issues to which Catholics could come together with non-Catholics and shape civil legislation for the public weal. . . . We should seek an alliance with non-Catholics for proper Sunday observance. This pronunciamento was adopted at the Catholic Lay Congress at Baltimore, Nov. 12, 1889. The National Reform Association has two chief objects : the compulsory ob- servance of Sunday, and such a rewriting of the national Constitution as will make it Christian. Hear what that power with whom she proposes to join hands says : Š All Catholics should do all in their power to cause the'Constitution of states, and legislation, to be modeled on the orincinles of the true church.Š Encyc-lical of Pope Leo XIII, 1885. On the enforcement of Sunday and the remodeling of the Constitution, these two organizations are agreed for Rome speaks of the nations as " states," and has this country particularly in mind in the above. At the meeting of the Federal Council of Churches of Christ in America, in 1905, this striking statement of purpose was made :Š I trust that one of the practical results of this conference will be the organiza- tion of a force that lawbreakers and law makers will respect and heed when great questions of morals are involved. . . . Rulers may ignore sects, but they will respect the church. This federation will compel an audience, and it will speak with power if it will put aside its dif-ferences and make its agreement its argu-ment.Š Report of the Council, page 488. That means church dictation in poli- tics, and for that principle the other organizations named openly stand. Now further:Š The federated church will stand by the Lord's day. . . . We will preach, de-clare, contend for the Christian sabbath. . . . That is the safeguard of a vital Christianity, as a vital Christianity is the safeguard of a nation.Š Id., page 229. And the following statement must go with the other two: Š Let us defend the rights of Roman and Russian Catholics in the United States. Let us stand by a really American Roman Catholic Church.Š Id., page 6r8. The Civic Union stands for these propositions unqualifiedly. Thus we have four organizations, two of which number their adherents by the millions, working zealously for such a federation of forces as will, if successful, completely oblit- erate from the fundamental law of the land the guaranties of liberty that have made America all she is that is worthy of imitation. That federation proposes as an earnest of future accomplishments to force a religious ordinance upon the people, the keeping of a sabbath. If successful in its objects there is no realm of human affairs, religious or secular, which it may not invade on the same pretext. The American people have never been called upon to deal with a question that had more involved in it than this one has. The movement is an attack upon the fundamental princi-ples of this government and upon the dearest liberties of the people, 