LIBERTY 117 Our liberty depends on the freedom of THE PRESS, and that cannot be limited without being lost.Š Thomas Jefferson, 1786. Catholics Composed the Mob This riot was so serious that journals which generally make no comment on events of this sort, have dealt with the subject editorially. The Independent of April 17, 1916, recognized that it was a religious riot, and that the mob was com- posed of Roman Catholics. We quote a portion of the comment which appeared in that paper : Š " We think we are living in a better world now, when religious bigotry is vanishing away ; and yet last week in Haverhill, Mass., on two successive nights an angry mob of many thou-sands attacked the city hall, smashed win-dows and doors, overpowered the police, in-jured and attempted to kill citizens and officers of the law, and so terrorized the city that the governor had to call on the militia for protec- tion. And it was a religious riot. . . It was the Catholics that composed the mob. Massa-chusetts cities are ruled by Catholics now; they have the population." Climax of Religious Intolerance The Boston Journal of April 6, in opening its columns for a discussion of the riot, said : " The Haverhill riot, no matter how dis-graceful and needless, no matter how deserv-ing of punishment and public execration are the perpetrators, is, however, less indecent than the secret, poisonous bitterness that oc-casioned it. If a Protestant bigot is denied the vent of free speech, that is bad; if he is silenced by a riotous mob of Catholic sym-pathizers, that is worse. But the worst of all Š the real shame to our State Š is the pres-ence of such bitter religious intolerance as made possible so terrible a climax. " Courageous public men, both Protestant and Catholic, must face this problem Š they must do their patriotic utmost to define the issue and to settle it by frank, fair, open, sane, and temperate discussion; the question is more important than party politics, because it goes to the very inner fabric of our national life; to ignore it now, to smooth it over, to seek  to forget,Š that is to place our community welfare in pawn to the future dangers of a deep-reaching religious feud." A Legitimate Subject for Public Discussion The week following the riot, addresses were given by leading clergymen con-cerning the principles involved. One of the most striking of these was by Rev. William H. van Allen, rector of the Church of the Advent. We quote from his address as printed in the Boston Jour-nal of April 6:Š "This outrage in Haverhill, like those of similar cause, was a reaction into barbarism, disgracing our country, State, and age. The animating spirit was antagonism to free speech, which is an essential part of American democracy and American freedom. I do not need to be reminded that free speech is liable to abuse, but he who accepts the privilege of free speech must hold himself responsible for what he says. " If he who speaks freely, slanders, libels, or blasphemes, he can be punished. He who is abused is bound in honor to take his case into the courts, and there demand damages and redress. " But to suppress free speech by mob ter-rorism is absolutely intolerable, and such can-not be accomplished by any race, cult, or sect without a revolution which will overturn the American Republic. " The question of the attitude of the Roman Catholic hierarchy toward public schools is a matter for legitimate public discussion. The fact of that hostility is not to -be questioned. The Roman Catholics have established pa-rochial schools, and are to be admired for their courage. They have supported them with a generosity to be emulated. But many Ro-man Catholic leaders are demanding that the virtue of this sacrifice on their part be vitiated by having the State support the schools. " I stand for an American spirit when I say that the governor of this commonwealth would be justified in using every soldier to line the streets to obtain for this man his rights. Lives of criminal rioters are not sa-cred as is the right of free speech. Proscription has no part or lot in the modern government of the world. The stake, the gibbet, and the rack, thumbscrews, swords, and pillory, have no place among the machinery of civilization. Nature is diversified. So are human faculties, beliefs, and practices. Essential freedom is the right to differ, and that right must be sacredly respected.Š John Clark Ridpath. 