56 LIBERTY This is a comprehensive, common sense definition of the term " the police power." It will be observed that instead of be-ing something above the law, it is the law itself in action; but in this country all statutory law is limited by written con-stitutions, and in the District of Colum-bia all law must be in harmony with the Constitution of the United States, not with the colonial charters and laws of nearly two centuries ago. Attorney Millan is quoted as declaring that the powers derived by inheritance from Maryland are " inadequate to com-pel the proper observance of the Sabbath in Washington." Mr. Milian seems to think, however, that Congress could, if it would, supply this lack. But what says the First Amendment to the federal Con-stitution : Š " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." How then can even Congress " compel the proper observance of the Sabbath " ? Does not the whole thing show upon its face that what the Pastors' Federation is seeking is the legal enforcement of a tte.  religious institution? This is certainly true, however they may seek to disguise and keep out of sight their real design. We hold no brief for picture shows, theaters, etc.; but on what grounds, aside from religious obligation, can anybody be prohibited from preferring the picture show or the theater to the church on Sunday if he so elects? Aside from il-lustrated lectures and pictures on special subjects of an educational character, the writer never goes to picture shows; but what right has anybody to forbid the showing of any picture on Sunday that might be properly exhibited upon any other day? Can any reason be assigned. except the religious character of the day? And where can the District Commission-ers, or even Congress, find any legal authority for either forbidding or re-quiring anything of anybody for religious reasons? The trouble seems to be that the mem-bers of the Pastors' Federation want a monopoly of Sunday, and right or wrong, they want somebody to give it to them. As yet, their success is problematical. C. P Compulsory Sunday Rest Begets Immorality WE have always contended that coin-pursory Sunday rest, or idleness, is a curse to society. Enforced idleness is a curse on any day. Irreligious and evil-minded people are less dangerous to so-ciety and the state when engaged in legitimate occupations than when they have time on their hands and do not know how to employ it. One of the great sins of Sodom was idleness, ac-cording to the Sacred Record. Yet some so-called reformers have an idea that Christianity will fall into decay and the state into decrepitude unless everybody, irrespective of faith or moral standards, is compelled to observe Sun-day by absolute quietness and cessation from ordinary activities. They think that if men are idle on Sunday, Chris- tianity will live and the state will sur-vive. They do not stop to investigate the results of such a course. A mere conformity to a legal acknovidedgment of a church creed is to them the sum total of all good, no matter what the resultant evils may be. The Christian Herald of February 14 gives an interesting report concerning conditions in Japan which justify our op-position to compulsory Sunday idleness. It publishes the following report of Dr. Soyeda, president of the Imperial Rail-way Board:Š "Most Japanese dream away their lives day after day. Some of them work hard on week days, only for the purpose of enjoying them-selves on Sundays. That is all very well in its way; but unfortunately, their way of spending their Sundays is absolutely wrong. 