LIBERTY 93 IN THE UNITED STATES PENALTY FOR VIOLATION. REMARKS. A misdemeanor  Overtime allowed in emergencies. Fine of $20450, or not over 6o days'l imprisonment, or both. Fine of not over $50 Fine of $10-$loo A misdemeanor Fxceptions allowed in case of farm or personal service, druggists, watch-men, superintendents or managers, janitors, persons engaged in trans-portation, sale or delivery of milk, food, or newspapers; cases of emergency and at the request of the employee.  Time on Sunday for setting sponges excepted. Declared unconstitutional by Missouri Supreme Court, February 12, 1910. State v. Miksicek, 125 S. W. 507. Applies to cities of the first class. Law declared by a county court in 1898 to be meaningless and void, zo Pa. Co. C. Rep. 503. titre that all the world has seen alcohol create Š even out of such gifted men as Burns and Coleridge and hosts of others. I have seen ships lost through collision because the captain had been taking a " little alcohol." I have had to tell a woman that she was a widow, and that her children were fatherless, because her husband, gentle and loving and clean-living, had been tempted to take " a drop of alcohol " at sea, and had fallen over the side, drunk, and gone out into a drunkard's eternity. I have had to clothe children and feed them when reduced to starvation because alcohol had robbed them of a natural protector and all the necessities of life. I have had to visit in prisons the victims of crime, caused as directly in honest men by alcohol as a burn is caused by falling into the fire. Why do I not want alcohol as a bev-erage in a country where cold is extreme, exposure is constant, and physical con-ditions are full of hardship? Simply because I have seen men go down in the struggle for want of that natural  strength which alcohol alone had robbed them of. The fishermen that I live among are my friends, and I love them as my brothers, and I do not think I am unnecessarily prejudiced or bigoted when I say that alcohol is inadvisable after one has seen it robbing his best friends of strength, honor, reason, kindliness, love, money, and even life. During twenty years' experience on the sea and on the snow in winter,Š an experience coming after an upbringing in soft places,Š I have found that alco-hol has been entirely unnecessary for myself. I have been doctoring sick men and women of every kind, and I have found that I can use other drugs of which we know the exact action, and which we can control absolutely with greater accuracy, in cases of necessity, for stimulating the heart. I contend we can get just as good results without it, and I always.  fear its power to create a desire for itself. Moreover, it is not necessary for hap-piness; for I know I have known no set 