8 LIBERTY tional Reform Association in this coun-try. It is the protection and perpetua-tion and compulsory observance of a re- ligious institution without regard to the rights of individual members of the com- munity. tV tV Cardinal O'Connell on Religious Liberty AT the dinner given by the Charitable Irish Society on the occasion when the governor of Massachusetts was crowded out of his place that the cardinal might sit next to the President, Cardinal O'Connell, replying to the toast " Civil and Religious Liberty," made the fol-lowing very striking declarations, which we quote from America (Catholic) : Š Civil and religious liberty Š well are they thus united ; for unless both are secure, neither is safe. Wherever the state has sought to enslave religion, ma-king her a servant in bondage instead of a sacred guide, the liberty of the state itself was soon a mere myth. And wher-ever a false interpretation of religious freedom has led to encroachments upon the well-defined domain of civic right, religion soon lost her hold upon the souls of men. Liberty of the soul to worship God, to obey his commands, to follow his divine guidance, that is the noblest right of man, and the insurance of it is the strictest duty of the state. God and our country Š that phrase expresses it all. Liberty founded upon the eternal principles of divine justice, interpreted and applied in civil life by God-fearing magistrates, untrammeled and unfettered, and unafraid of passing popular passion, that, in a word, is the guaranty of what alone has made this country great Š perfect security of civil and religious liberty to all. While that lasts, while the people themselves realize its value beyond price, this land is safe. This is excellent doctrine. It is re-grettable, however, that it is so entirely out of harmony with the past history and the present policy of Rome as outlined by the popes even down to Pius X. For believing such a doctrine as that and for practising it consistently, millions of the  best citizens of the world have been har- ried to death by Catholic Rome. She kindled her autos da fe for, and zeal- ously worked the cruel weapons of her torture chambers upon, men and women who dared to believe such ideas as the cardinal voices. The doctrine is good and right; but we are glad that it does not fall to our lot to harmonize it either with the past records of the cardinal's church or with the following utterances of the Pope:Š It follows that it is quite unlawful to demand, to defend, or to grant uncon-ditional freedom of thought, of speech, of writing, or of worship, as if these were so many rights given by nature to man.Š" The Great Encyclical Letters of Pope Leo XIII," page 161. It would be very erroneous to draw the conclusion that in America is to be sought the type of the most desirable status of the church, or that it would be universally lawful or expedient for state and church to be, as in America, dissevered and divorced.Š Id., page 323. And with the cardinal's declarations still in mind, note the following taken from " Elements of Ecclesiastical Law," by Rev. S. B. Smith, D. D., published by Benziger Brothers, printers to the Holy Apostolic See : Š The secular powers, whether perma-nent or temporary, are bound to swear that they will exterminate according to their power, all heretics condemned by the church ; and a temporal lord not purging his land of heretics is excom-municated. Catholic princes are bound, both by civil and by common law, not to receive or tolerate heretics, and much more are not to permit their rites, or other ex-ercise of religion, or rather their false sect, but are most solemnly bound every-where to repel and expel them. Metropolitans and bishops are to ex-communicate him who grants liberty of conscience. The eloquent address of the cardinal will deceive some Americans into think- 