152  LIBERTY of persecution on account of religious be-lief, and a denial of freedom of con-science, and that their action in depriving the two candidates for office of an oppor-tunity to earn a support in their chosen occupation was cruel and unjust, and was in direct conflict with the law as ex-plained to them by their counsel. " We proclaim that the majority of the board acted in direct conflict with the opinion and wishes of the majority of the citizens of Charlotte. " We call upon the people to show their disapproval of such conduct by all law-ful means, that we may put an end for-ever to all religious persecutions in our midst. " Apart from all consideration of re-ligion and law, we believe that this action of the board has seriously injured the city of Charlotte commercially and in-dustrially, and that it is a blot on the fair fame of this city so widely known for its humanity and love of civil and religious liberty." With the spirit of these resolutions we are in hearty accord; and if the report given above is correct, and these teachers were dismissed from the public schools solely because they were members of the Catholic Church, then the action of the school board was wrong and wholly un-American. We believe that every fair and un-biased mind must admit that under the Constitution of the United States, so long as members of the Catholic Church do not use public office as a means for the promotion of the interests of that church, they are entitled to absolutely the same rights, privileges, and prerogatives as are members of the Protestant churches. The use of an office for partizan purposes should debar the member of any church from holding public trust, whether Cath-olic or Protestant. This principle of ab-solute equality is stated in the original Declaration of Independence : Ñ " We hold these truths to be self-evi-dent, that all men are created equal ; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights ; that among  these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." That no advantage should be taken of the religious beliefs and prejudices of any citizen, the First Amendment to the Con-stitution provides : Ñ " Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble or petition the gov-ernment for a redress of grievances." And as a further safeguard in the pro-tection of this principle of liberty, Sec-tion i of Article XIV of Amendments provides that the rights and privileges of citizens of the United States, guaranteed to them under the federal Constitution, shall in no way be abridged by the States : Ñ " All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States, and of the State in which they reside. No State shall make or en-force any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States ; nor shall any State de-prive any person of life, liberty, or prop-erty without due process of law, nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws." Clearly the action of the Charlotte school board was in direct violation of this principle enunciated by the general government. And not only this, the ac-tion of the board was in direct violation as well of the principle clearly stated in the North Carolina Declaration of Rights. Article I, Section 26, says: Ñ " All men have a natural and inalien-able right to worship Almighty God ac-cording to the dictates of their own con-sciences, and no human authority should, in any case whatever, control or inter-fere with the rights of conscience." We are in hearty accord with the great underlying principles of Protestantism. We differ from our Catholic friends in many essential particulars. We do not believe their religious doctrines, nor are 