t44111Ł.114ŁIM.O.M.,14 1.Ł ..=.,1-,M.414Ł1011.t Ł11.11-.MM,1.11MD, ,111.41MW,1.1Ł=1.. ..1Ł11Ł=.1."=..0ŁŁŁŁŁŁ,..11.0.1=ŁŁ I IAMB. LIBERTY 4.11,ﬂOVI/MIA=MI.0.1ŁŁŁ.0.111=4 0.1M.1.0.1=15.411ŁŁŁŁ./.0.10.0-1/M.,41MM.04ŁŁŁŁ.4 /4Ł1M.1.Ł,.. "Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Lev. 23: !O. \ RTH QUARTER, 1914 No. 4 Is This Armageddon ? What Is the Battle of Armageddon and Where Will It Be Fought? C. M. SNOW WAR is the greatest anomaly in the universe. It is murder magnified and then glorified. Mankind dreads it as the worst of scourges and glorifies its great-est exponents as little short of gods. It blights and sears and ruins everything that stands in its way, and yet men en-thusiastically throw themselves into its service as sacrifices on the altar of some deity. War plants no fields, waters no deserts, harvests no crops, builds no homes, en-dows no universities, stamps out no plagues, removes no enmities, adds noth-ing to science or art or industrial achieve-ment ; but, like a monster Juggernaut, it rolls through the world, taking fearful toll of everything that science, art, and industry have achieved, and drenching the wheels of its chariot in the blood of its own votaries. It takes the pick of the manhood of the nations and sets them to killing one another, and leaves the phys-ically inefficient to be the fathers of suc-ceeding aeneratiotA. There bhas been war in the world ever since Cain slew his brother Abel, and brother has been slaying brother ever since, singly and secretly or in platoons with banners waving. That warfare at the beginning of the world was conceived in hatred, and hatred has been its inspi-ration in every age. It is no wonder. then, that when the inspired Word  speaks of the end of the world, it says : " And the nations were angry, and thy wrath is come." Rev. II: 18. This would indicate that the war anger of the world culminates at the end of the world. Many of the great magazines and dai-lies of the world have been asking whether the present fearful clash of na-tions in Europe might not be the battle of Armageddon. Some have declared that if this is not Armageddon, there never will be any Armageddon. The editor of the North American Review says, " Europe stands today at Arma-geddon." Such declarations reveal a lack of familiarity with the prophecies of God's Word and a lack of any definite idea as to what that battle is or where it takes place. A dim notion seems to prevail to the effect that Armageddon is a great war involving the troops of many nations ; that it will prove to be the last war, because the horror of its results will shock the world into some arrangement, some union or confederacy of the na-tions, some parliament of the world, which will make \var between the nations as improbable as it now is between the various States of the United States. They who build on such a foundation bunldŁ on sand. Inspiration clearly re-v"nls that the battle of Armageddon closes the history of this present world and precedes immediately the second 149 