Monument to La Fayette (La Fayette Park, Washington, D. C.), the Frenchman most loved by Americans Statue of Count Rochambeau (La Fayette Park, Wash-ington, D. C.), who stands next to La Fayette in the affections of the American people because of his serv-ices in behalf of their independence. This statue was a gift from the French government . Pot dal 4 LIBERTY ment is against us. If that were not so, they would be converted by nations, so to speak. But when the government is against the conversion of nations, we are moving against the tremendous machin-ery of the government in working for the conversion of men. . . . I do not know but it would be better to stop evan-gelistic effort, if possible, if this other work would be made successful, and go to converting men by nations like this, whose influence is very largely against the conversion of souls; while, if it could be turned in that direction, they could be saved by thousands instead of one. So I think the great question of the hour is the conversion of this nation to Christ. Since this idea has become prevalent, there has been a marked change in the methods of Christian workers. Pastors and evangelists have come to de-vote less time to revival work, and more to political reforms. The brethren of the congrega-tions have been counseled to " leave the prayer-meetings with the sisters, and attend the pri-maries," and " pull wires for the kingdom of God." They have been told that " when the pri-mary and the prayer-meetings are held on the same night, the true prayer-meet-ing is the primary." Not long ago, Dr. Scudder, of the First  Congregational church of Jersey City, N. J., gave utterance to the following : Š The church is going into politics, and it is going there to stay. Furthermore, the church is to become a powerful polit-ical factor, and will act as a unit on all great moral questions. I do not take it that the churches are to form a separate political party ; on the contrary, they will stand outside all parties, but they will co-operate, and as one pro-digious organization, make their demands upon existing parties, and have their wishes fulfilled. It is well known that the Na-tional Reform Association has for many years urged that the salvation of the people of the United States depended upon se-curing an amendment to the na-tional Constitution, accepting Christ as the ruler of the nation, and placing " all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our government on an undeniable le-gal basis in the fundamental law of the land." Already they have succeeded in having introduced into the Sixtieth and Sixv-first congresses a measure pro- posing a religious amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States. By this means it is hoped to convert the nation. All members of this association are 