104 LIBERTY The Obligation of Christian Countries to Their Dependencies," the Hon. Charles W. Fairbanks, ex-Vice-President of the United States, Indianapolis, Ind. " Present-Day Tendencies in France," Dr. Charles-Merle d'Aubigne, Paris, France. " Christianizing a State," Dr. William Par-sons, Eugene, Oregon. " The Mormon Menace," Dr. Robert F. Coyle, Denver, Colo. " Immigration," Prof. Alberto Clot, Palermo, Italy. " National Recognition of Christianity," Dr. J. M. Wylie, Kansas City, Mo. " Christianity as an Ethical Factor in Japa-nese National Life," Dr. K. Ibuka, principal of Meiji Gakuim, Tokio, Japan. " Christianity as a Social Factor in Japanese National Life," Dr. S. Motoda, Trinity Col-lege, Tokio, Japan. "The Grouping of Church-Schools About a State University," Dr. P. L. Campbell, presi-dent Oregon State University, Eugene, Oregon. " The Ethical Element in Systems of Taxa-tion," the Hon. Albert J. Wallace, lieutenant-governor of California, Sacramento, Cal. " The Sabbath a Human Necessity," Dr. J. H. Leiper, Portland, Oregon. " The Direct Democracy," F. De Rougemont, Fahys, III, Neuchatel, Switzerland. " World Peace," Prof. Theophil Mann, Frankfort-on-the-Main, Germany. " National Religion; Its Social Contribution to Scottish Life," Dr. John G. Dickson, Edin-burgh, Scotland. " Old-Age Pensions and Christian Citizen-ship," Dr. William Hiram Foulkes, Philadel-phia, Pa. Dr. J. S. McGaw, general field secre-tary of the National Reform Association, in speaking of the objects of the confer-ence, said : Š " Whatever concerns the citizen is of vital interest to the church and to the body politic. It has been the object of our public schools to make good citizens ; so in this conference all problems that present themselves in regard to this great subject will be authoritatively discussed. But the world is fast learning that mere citizenship is not enough. The time has come to make Christian citizens." The speaker asserted that " a part of the Bible is for the individual, a part for the family, a part for the church, and two fifths of it for the nations as nations. For the first time in the history of the world the nations have been brought close enough together to confer upon the Chris-tian problems that are vital to their com-mon experience. We made a mistake in the first place in not founding our gov- ernment upon Christian principles. The battle is raging between those who want Christian democracy and those who de-sire only civil democracy. In order that the Bible may attain its rightful place in the life of the nation, we must have a strictly enforced civil sabbath, and the Bible taught in the public schools. That portion of the Bible bearing upon national life must be legislated into law. It has already been too long neglected. And this nation [the United States] should lead out in this desirable step. " What is good for America is good for the world. Thus the world, which has been at the conference in the person of its representatives, will see that we enact . . . the findings of this conference into laws." Mr. McGaw then pictured the United States taking the lead, and " the rest of the world following us in enacting Christian laws which will result in bringing about the brotherhood of man." (Italics ours.) " It is not only a Christian movement but a world's Christian movement. When the two fifths of the Bible bearing upon the life of the nations is enacted into na-tional law, then the Bible will rule in the life of the individual, the family, the church, and the nation ; thus will come the millennium." One of the reasons given by Dr. Mc-Gaw for calling this conference was that the world's Christian citizens may confer together, and thus create sentiment in fa-vor of enacting religious laws in all coun-tries for the enforcement of their ideas of the Christian religion upon all men, whether they are of the National Reform persuasion, or of some other religious persuasion, or perchance of no religious persuasion. In case a certain portion of the Bible " must be legislated into national law," as Dr. McGaw holds, then even the National Reformer himself who brings about the enactment of such laws by the un-Christ-like combinations of religious and civil politics, would be estopped from ever changing his profession to any sect not holding to the views of the National Re- 