FRANCIS JOSEPH I, EMPEROR OF AUSTRIA who protests against the compulsory conversion of Roman Catholics to the Greek Catholic faith in the province of Albania. LIBERTY 61 lumbia," page 197. It appears that one George Hauf was charged with offering for sale loaves of bread weighing less than sixteen ounces each, in violation of an ordinance passed by the board of al-dermen and the council of the old city of Washington. When the case came to trial Š the defendant moved to quash the information upon several grounds, among which are : Š 1. The ordinance is unconsti-tutional and void. 2. The charter of the late cor-poration of Washington con-ferred no authority to enact such an ordinance. 3. It is unreasonable, uncer-tain, and meaningless. The motion to quash was sus-tained, and the defendant was discharged, but the case was ap-pealed by the District of Colum-bia. The court of appeals af-firmed the decision of the police court in an opinion rendered by Mr. Chief Justice Shepherd. From this opinion we quote: Š Evidently, one of the main ob-jects of the new legislation was to subject the inhabitants of the entire District to the equal op-eration and protection of all po-lice regulations, general in their nature, and affecting the inter-ests of all in a like manner. If all such general regulations of the several preceding municipal governments, not expressly re pealed by the organic act of Feb. 21, 1878 [1871 n , or by some subsequent authoritative act, are to be held to be in force, the people would, in some instances, be subjected to two or three conflicting regulations of the same thing, determin-able by the particular part of the District in which an act affected thereby may have been done. . . . In view of these conditions, we are of the opinion that the ordinance is inconsistent with the act of Feb. 21, 1871, and was therefore repealed by it. In rendering his recent decision in the police court, Judge Pugh referred to the Hauf case, and declared that the opinion of the court of appeals might be re-garded as his opinion in the barber case by simply changing the names of the par- ties and the description of the offense charged. Although the corporation counsel has given notice of an appeal from Judge Pugh's decision, yet the case is so abso-lutely parallel to the Hauf case, in which the court of appeals practically decided that all the ordinances of the old city of 