LIBERTY 75 that was, to say the least, very perplex-ing, and members of Congress felt that they must choose between the two evils. They doubtless acted conscientiously, and we attach no blame to them ; but the whole thing argues strongly for the ex-ercise of greater vigilance in preserving not only the letter but the spirit of our free institutions. Better some temporary hardship than that the safeguards of our liberties should be broken down. It is only fair, however, to those who have opposed these appropriations to sec-tarian schools to say that it is positively denied by the Indian Rights Association that if such appropriations were held up, as one Senator expressed it, " it would leave the Sioux nation without any means of educating the rising generation." It  is positively stated by those who are in a position to know whereof they affirm, that " there is an abundance of day schools and boarding schools on the Sioux reservation " to meet all probable demands for nonsectarian education. It is to be hoped that since this question is again before the American people, it will be settled finally and settled right. Our government ought to be done at once and forever with such appropriations. Because of the failure of the entire Indian Appropriation bill, the appropria-tions of last year are to be duplicated for the present year, and thus $128,391 of government funds will be turned over to the Catholics for the support of their sectarian schools among the Indians. C. P. B. Denounces Arrests for Sunday Selling More Christian to Persuade Men Than Resort to Police Power UNDER the above caption the Allen-town (Pa.) Morning Call, of February Ł 5, published the following article, writ-ten by Mr. A. R. Bell. It hits the nail squarely on the head, and we take pleas-ure in giving these principles a more extended publicity. Editor Morning Call. DEAR SIR : I noticed in your issue of yes-terday an item of news from Emaus, stating that several business men of that place had been arrested for Sunday selling. I noticed, too, that the warrant under which these men were arrested was sworn out by an officer of the Woman's Christian Temperance Union. Now the thing that seems out of place is the fact that all these prosecutions for Sunday selling, no matter where you find them, are brought about by organizations that should be the very last in all the world to do anything of this kind. And then, too, consider the way they do it. The persons responsible for the arrests think it is a downright sin to sell goods on Sunday. But how did they accomplish the arrest of these men? I have been over to Emaus and interviewed the men involved, and I find that the same deceptive and contemptible plan was followed there that has been practiced in other places. They had one of their good Christian church members go from store to store, and  when nobody else was there buying, trap the storekeeper into what they consider sin by buying himself Š in one place a can of corn, in another place some candy, in another place a cigar. In the last place he lighted the cigar and stood chatting With the storekeeper as with an old friend, and then, flushed with suc-cess at getting the man to sin, as they esteem it, he immediately uses this as evidence upon which the W. C. T. U. obtains a warrant for the storekeeper's arrest. Just imagine the lowly Nazarene, whom these people profess to emulate, sending his disciples around among the stores in Jeru-salem to tempt men to break the Sabbath so that he might have them arrested for Sabbath breaking. The very idea of the thing is re-pugnant to every sense of Christianity and justice. Christians are in this world to persuade men. The gospel that they profess to minister to men has no other legitimate power than the power of love. The power these Christians are using is the power of the police Š the power of force. Jesus said, " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." Have these Christians used the power of persuasion on these men? And if they have, and failed, what then? Should an organiza-tion which professes to be Christian seek the help of the police to force men when per- 