LIBERTY 11 dreds of years. Bigotry, intolerance, and persecution, after all, differ only in degree, not in kind. So they begin to say, Well, it begins to look as if we were in danger here also.' " Finally, the man said to me, " That is too bad. What would you suggest as a remedy ? " I replied that my remedy would be to take the statutes of Massachusetts and sweep every Sunday law off the books. Said I, " Let the thing stand on its own merit. If any religion has not power enough in itself to stand for what it is worth, it ought to go down, and the quicker it goes down the better, even for the people that believe in it." [Applause.] Finally, after citing in support of this view the words of Washington, Jefferson, Madison, and others, I said that the only remedy in harmony with the gospel was to eliminate every religious law from the statute-books and abolish all Sunday laws. Well, I shall never forget that man as he sat in that office. He said: " We do not care for Washington, we do not care for Jefferson, we do not care for Madison, we do not care for all that has ever been done ; yea, and we do not care for the Jew either. This is a Christian country! and we are going to have Sunday laws at whatever cost ! " My friends, do you wonder that the Jew begins to feel that there is danger ahead? Any nation that will single out one people, and deprive them of their rights, will find, before she gets through, that the measure she metes to others she will have meas-ured to herself. It is with nations as with individuals Š they reap what they sow. Let us remember that while the Jew has rejected his Christ, the best way to show him the love of that Christ is to show him, in practical working, what Christ taught, and that will become the greatest incentive, the mightiest motive power, to lead him to seek the divine life and power of Christ and give him his rights. Any-thing that seeks to curtail the rights of the Jew, look out for it; for remember God has said: " Him that blesseth thee I will bless, and him that curseth thee I will curse." A SUNDAY law would have put a stop to creation at its very beginning. Why We Oppose Religious Legislation K. C. RUSSELL, CHAIRMAN OF THE RELIGIOUS LIBERTY BUREAU, OF WASHINGTON, D. C. THIS idea of Sunday legislation is grow-ing very rapidly. I regretted to learn a few weeks ago that Boston was making an unenviable record along this line. I no-ticed from reports that some twelve hun-dred persons had been summoned in this city because they had disregarded Sunday as a day of rest and worship. That sur-passes the record of any other city I know of in modern times. We are opposing Sabbath legislation not because we belong to some secular league or infidel society, but because we are Chris-tians. The Sabbath is an institution too sacred to be trampled upon, legislated upon, or made a subject for political discussion. Any religious idea, I care not what it is, that must be enforced by law, is not worthy of Christian support. Recently there was a Sunday crusade in a certain Western city. The conflict was between the clergy on the one side and some theater men on the other. One side was opposed to the open Sunday, and the other in favor of it. Both parties had their bands of music and their moving pictures announcing their program. My mind went back to medieval times, back to the days of Rome, when religion was a very promi-nent feature and entered into the politics of the times. And so'here to-day in the city of Boston this question of Sunday closing has been prominent during the past few months. What does this mean? To any thoughtful mind that will scan the history of the past, it indicates that we are fast approaching a time when we shall have a repetition of the experiences of ages gone by. We are opposed to Sunday legislation for many reasons. In the first place, Sun-day- laws infringe upon the rights of con-science. God has given to every man the right to keep the Sabbath, or not to keep it, as he chooses. When God created man and placed him in Eden, he gave him the liberty of choice. Deprive a man of the right of exercising his free moral agency, and you make him a mere automaton. In making and enforcing religious laws, men are going beyond God. When the state en-forces a rest day, it infringes upon the 