TAKE IT WITH YOU JULY NUMBER NOW READY   Health and Temperance The Well How to Get Well of How to Be Well Life How to Keep Well CAUSE Š PREVENTION Š CURE CONTENTS FOLLOWING IS A PARTIAL TABLE OF For the contemplated vacation; for the office man; to avoid heat prostration; dietary rules; for the mother; summer diseases; for the children; typhus fever; epilepsy cure; baldness cure; care of the voice; fumigation; the Temperance Question, as seen by the cartoonist, as seen by the life in-surance companies; the prohibition procession; cur-rent events; etc. Single copy  $ .10 One subscription, 1 year  1.00 Three subscriptions (your own free) 2.00  Write for liberal terms to agents.   ADDRESS   Health and Temperance :: Washington, D. C. Facsimile of three-color cover  Religious Liberty in America By C. M. SNOW This book dealt( with the growth of the principles of religious and civil liberty from the beginning of the Christian era down to our own time. It shows how the two principles Š religious liberty and religious oppression Š have run side by side through the history of nations, the one building up the true kingdom of Christ and the other making martyrs of Christ's true followers. The planting of those two principles on the shores of the New World, and the struggle between them for dominance here, is pictured in interesting detail. Considerable space is devoted to the growth and work of such un-American and oppressive organizations as the National Reform Asso-ciation, the Lord's Day Alliance, and the Federal Council of the Churches, and to how these forces propose to unite and are now uniting for the enforcement of oppressive legislation, and have opened the way for union with the Catholic Church for the same purpose. The author shows how this combination of forces is working directly to fulfill the desires and purposes of Rome concerning America. The revelation of what those purposes are and what Rome is doing to bring them about makes one of the most thrilling sections of the book. The closing chapter, " Heaven's Answer to Earth's Great Problem," shows how God will work out the problem of this world through the second coming of Christ, and the establishment of his reign in this sin-smitten world. 436 pages, fully illustrated. Cloth $1.00 Paper Cover, Berean Library No. 11 17, 