This quiet scene is suggestive not of compulsion, but of piety and freedom. Only willing service is pleasing to God. LIBERTY 35 Sunday amusements, and threaten to carry on a fight before Congress to secure a Sunday closing law for the District. This resolution is the result of a mass meeting held on Sunday. " It is unfortunate because it is going to make the church unpopular. Yet its object is to gain popularity for the churches. " This paper always has and always will support the churches of Washington and their work. We devote all possible space to their activities. During the Billy Sunday campaign we printed twice as much news about the cam-paign as any otlier newspaper in Washington. " But when the churches of Washington try to fill their pews through force, we are against it. We believe that Washington needs Sunday amusements, and we believe that if they are restricted it will be the restriction of Constitu-tional rights. Surely the church and its people should realize the value of liberty. The history of the church through the ages certainly shows what radical measures have been taken to se-cure religious liberty. " The crux of the whole situation is probably summed up by one of the preachers who quoted figures to show that on a certain Sunday 7,000 people attended fifty churches, while more than 50,000 people attended thirty-eight motion pie-ture shows. This statement in itself gives to the layman the impression of jealousy in the church. " Surely the pastors do not think that the 7,000 should he allowed to tell the 50,000 just how they should spend their Sunday. And do they think that if they were successful in de-priving the 50,000 of their choice of entertain-ment, that the 50,000 would turn to the church the very agency that deprived them! Common sense argues otherwise. " We are looking at the subject with the good of the city in view, and we believe that the good of the city requires Sunday amusements. Wash-ington is in a very unique position right now. There is an op-portunity at hand to make the city one of the foremost in the country with the at-tendant danger of its deteriorating in size and importance to a somnolent village. Pro-vincial blue laws will tend to bring about the latter alternative. " We must bear in mind that Sunday is the only day on which a number of our people can indulge in any form of amusement, and that there are religions whose Sabbath day does not mean Sunday. We do not argue the wisdom of their belief, tint under our Constitution, they are entitled to it. " So far as our amusements are concerned, there is nothing to show that they have in any way corrupted the morals of the community.  In fact they are under police supervision and we believe that our city is far better off with its citizens sitting in a theater on Sunday eve-ning than if these same people should flood the streets seeking other amusement which, because of its scarcity, might take baser form. " The churches should remember, too, that the day is already partly restricted to them, as theaters are not allowed to open until three in the afternoon. This gives to the church full sway on Sunday morning. If they cannot in-duce sufficient to attend these services, some-thing is wrong with the church. " We would like to see Washington purged of everything tending toward viciousness, and we have on numerous occasions conducted cam-paigns against vice that was very apparent, but when the churches seek to eliminate Sunday amusements they are ill advised, and their ac-tivities instead of filling their pews will have an opposite tendency." Puritanism, in the colonial days, compelled all people under its civil and religious juris-diction " to attend divine services on Sunday." A nonconformist was fined ten shillings for nonattendance at church on Sunday. Dr. Bownde, a Puritan, published a treatise on the Sabbath, wherein he maintained that it was an act of immorality not to attend divine service on Sunday, and " all the Puritans fell in with this doctrine." There can be no sound reason given why the theaters and movies should be closed by civil authorities, at the instigation of some churches, upon one day of the week while admitting their lawful operation on every other day of the week, except it be that the church ritual regards the day as sa-cred. But this latter reason makes such legislation religious and consequently un-constitutional. If the theaters and movies are breeders of crime, then the state ought to prohibit them every day in the week. But the civil law has no more right to pro-hibit legitimate busi-the church demands it ness on Sunday because than it would have to prohibit church prayer meetings on Wednesday night because the mov-ies demand it in the interests of their business. The individual who believes that it is morally wrong to disregard Sunday as a sacred day ought to be encouraged to be true to his con-science until it can become properly enlight-ened, but he should not be allowed to make his conscience the guide and monitor for his neigh- (Continued on page 42) 