6 LIBERTY the name of Cyrus was to overthrow the Babylonian Empire and lay the great city of Babylon in heaps. Cyrus was sixty years of age when he fulfilled this prediction, which was made one hundred and seventy-four years before. The an-gel Gabriel revealed to Daniel, two hun-dred and seven years before Alexander conquered the world, that Grecia was to overthrow Persia and become a world power. In the third year of Cyrus, king of Persia, the angel Gabriel gave Daniel a detailed explanation of the history of the world from that distant point to the overthrow of the Turkish Empire and the end of the world in the present age. Gabriel's Prophecy Concerning Turkey The angel began by saying: " Now I will show thee the truth. Behold, there shall stand up yet three kings in Persia; and the fourth shall be far richer than they all: and by his strength through his riches he shall stir up all against the realm of Grecia." Dan. i z : 2. History parallels the prophecy by giv-ing us the names of the kings who suc-ceeded Cyrus: ( ) Cambyses; (2) Smer-dis ; (3) Darius; and (4) Xerxes the Great, who was " far richer than they all," and who stirred up an army of five and a half millions against Grecia. Bar-ring the armies of the present war, his was the greatest army the world has ever witnessed. Grecia Divided Into Four Parts The angel predicted Xerxes' defeat, and the final triumph of the Greeks. The angel also predicted that the Grecian Empire was to be divided into four parts after the death of Alexander. Rawlin-son, the historian, says : " A quadripar-tite division of Alexander's dominion was recognized Š Macedonia, Egypt, Asia Minor, and Syria." Š "Sixth Mon-archy," chap. 3. The angel's prophetic narrative con-tinues : " And the king of the south shall be strong, and one of his princes . . . shall be strong above him; . . . his do-minion shall be a great dominion." Dan. : 5 The Ptolemies, who reigned in Egypt, constituted the kings of the south, who became " strong," but one of the four princes of Alexander was to become " strong above him," that is, above the king of the south, or Egypt. Seleucus of Syria conquered Asia Minor, and ex-tended his dominion into Thrace, in Eu-rope; and thus he became "the king of the north." For the prophecy continues thus : " So the king of the north shall come, and cast up a mount, and take the most fenced [fortified] cities: and the arms of the south shall not withstand." Dan. i i :15. Turkey the King of the North Now Turkey today occupies the identical ter-ritory of ancient Thrace, Asia Minor, Syria, and the region drained by the river Euphrates. In other words, if the an-cient prophet should rise from the dead, and should speak of the power that is ruling this territory, he would call him the king of the north. The prophecy must be explained from the standpoint of Palestine as the center. Let this point become fixed in our minds so that we may understand who the king of the north is when the angel brings him upon the stage of action again in " the time of the end," as he does in verses 40-45. The time of the end must refer to the last days of this world's history. The concluding words of the angel to Daniel demonstrate it beyond the shadow of a doubt. They bring to light the wreck of nations, the deliverance of God's faith-ful people, and the resurrection of the dead. But in these last days what power occupies the territory of the ancient king of the north? Š Turkey. Most assur-edly, then, today Turkey must be the king of the north at the time of the end. The world's history is to terminate with the extinction of the king of the north, according to the concluding words of the prophecy. Since Turkey occupies the place of the king of the north, it must mean the annihilation of the Turk-ish Empire just before all things earthly are dissolved. 