28 LIBERTY and not the will of the majority of the people, is the supreme law of the land." That association proposes that the na-tional Constitution shall make that dec-laration, declaring that the will of the people is not the supreme law of the land, but that the law of God, as re-vealed by Jesus Christ, is the supreme law for the nation. That would at once put the nation under ecclesiastical con-trol; for " the preachers are the suc-cessors of the prophets," the expounders of the divine will, the authorized " spokesmen " of God. No law could be formulated without their authoriza-tion, or enacted without their approval. From a government by the people, we would then be transformed into a gov-ernment by the ecclesiastical overlords of the people, who would utter their decrees as the decrees of the Almighty, and en-force them, as they did during the Dark Ages and the colonial period, without pity or compassion. In reference to our national Constitu-tion, Dr. Wylie declared: " If the pres-ent Constitution will not sustain our na-tional [religious] institutions and usages, then it is high time we had a new Consti-tution, or an amendment to the old one, that will furnish a sure foundation for the pillars of this republic." Dr. J. S. McGaw declared that the evils of the hour in this country could never be erad-icated until the national Constitution was treated to " a Christian amend-ment ; " and Dr. Martin, in answering objections, stated that that clause of the Constitution which declared that no re-ligious test should ever be required as a qualification for office, ought to be modified. He did not want an ecclesias-tical test, but he did want a religious test for those seeking employment under the government. Thus is it demonstrated that the pur-poses and plans of the National Reform Association are diametrically opposed to every fundamental principle of the na-tion, revolutionary in purpose, and par-taking in no degree of that great bal-ancing principle known as the golden rule. The Model Sunday Law W. A. COLCORD THE great Sunday law of England, which has been the model for all of the other twenty-three English Sunday laws, as well as of our own early colonial and present State Sunday laws, and which is still in force in Great Britain, and quite generally throughout the British posses-sions, is the Sunday law of Charles IL passed in 1676, just one hundred years before the signing of the Declaration of Independence. This famous piece of religious legisla-tion is entitled "An Act for the Better Observation of the Lord's Day, Com-monly Called Sunday." Of course, this is the object of all Sunday laws,Š" the better observance " of Sunday. The title of the Johnston Sunday bill before Con-gress at its last session was, " An Act for the Proper Observance of Sunday as a Day of Rest in the District of Co-lumbia." Section i of this law of Charles II provides that " all the laws in force con-cerning the observation of the Lord's clay, and repairing to church thereon, shall be carefully put in execution." The making of this law was cumulative legis-lation. It was not the first Sunday law enacted in England, but was passed for the purpose of seeing that these earlier laws were enforced, or, as expressed in the law itself, " carefully put in execu-tion." Like this act itself, these earlier laws were artless and obviously religious. Their object was " the observation of the Lord's day, and repairing to church thereon." Modern advocates of Sunday legislation are often less frank, and will not admit that there is anything religious about Sunday laws, or any intention of securing church attendance by means of such legislation ; but, say what they will, or deny what they will, this is the ulti-mate object of every Sunday law that was ever enacted, or that ever will be enacted; and therefore there can be no gainsaying the fact that every Sun-day law in the world, whatever its terms or phraseology, is religious, and 