PAUL ANSWERS FOR HIS FAITH BEFORE A ROMAN GOVERNOR LIBERTY 145 interest of Sabbath rest, allow us to sug-gest that sinners are not made Chris-tians, after the pattern of Christ, by civil law, but through grace,Š on our part by persuasion, on their part by free choice. There is something radically wrong when Christian men stoop from their high calling of preaching Christ, to en-force Sunday rest by law in order to promote righteousness. There can be no such thing as a civil sabbath rest law, because in very truth there is and can be no civil sabbath. Pe-riodical rest acts no part in civilization. The man who plays ball, takes a flight in an aeroplane, hoes in his garden, works in a fac- tory, takes a pleasure trip in his automobile, or goes fishing on Sunday is just as civil as he would be were he com-pelled to attend church and sit on t h e front seat. The only good that can come from a fixed rest day over that of rest on other periods, comes because of its religious influence; and such rest must be fvom personal choice and sincere motives on the part of the citizen. The law of physical rest requires rest to be taken when one is weary ; not on a stated day of the week, when, perchance, he who rests has had nothing but con-tinuous physical rest for many months, and as the result of his overrest, his family is suffering the pangs of hunger. What the people of the State of Oregon need and desire is work, and the oppor-tunity of doing it when most convenient, without interference from any would-be regulator of other men's liberties. It is said that certain grocers and other merchants who desire to rest and go to church on Sunday are compelled to keep their places of business open that day,  on account of the conduct of certain covetous men who are in competitive business and keep their stores open every day in the week ; that these seven-days-a-week workers are unfair competitors, and that they thus invade the personal rights of their neighbors by prohibiting them from resting on Sunday. That could not be any invasion of rights or liberties, for each man has the natural right of choice either to work or to rest, as he may elect. Note that Seventh-day Adventists ob-serve the Sabbath (Saturday) instead of Sunday; but none of work both at home heathen lands. In the preamble of the proposed Sun-day rest law, Rev. G. L. Tufts, of Berke-ley, Cal., chief promoter of the bill, says, " The proposed law makes no religious requirements." Rev. Mr. Tufts is a Meth-odist clergyman. However, in this ut-terance he does not express the views held by the bishops of the great denomi-nation of which he is a minister. Observe that in the carefully prepared and written address of the board of bishops of the denomination, read by Bishop John W. Hamilton, of Boston, at the opening of the Methodist General Conference at Saratoga Springs, N. Y., May I,. 1916, and reported in the Portland Evening Telegram, they advise against " the re-peal of Sabbath observance laws." This is a public official rebuke to the view the men who rest on Sunday and work Saturday, nor even those who work seven days in the week, invade the inher-ent rights of the Adventists either to rest on the day of their choice or to earn a support f o r themselves a n d carry for-ward with their earnings aggres-s i v e missionary and in the darkest 