8  LIBERTY rights, neither can they make right wrong, or wrong right. The law of right and wrong is a law antedating and wholly inde-pendent of any legislative enactments. Legislators are bound to shape their legis-lation by their knowledge of this law of justice which is inherent in the human mind, and their legislation will be excellent in proportion as they approximate to this ideal standard. It is proper to say, there-fore, that the province of the legislature is not to create law, but to ascertain and define it. Righteousness is a law, and has been such from the foundation of the world. It is binding upon men everywhere, and at all times. All men are bound, always, to do right. The question, What is the law? is there-fore not the question lying at the founda-tion of one's duty in any religious or spiritual matter which is brought before him. There is another question lying deeper than this, and that is the question, INDEPENDENCE HALL, PHILADELPHIA, PA. What is right? Sometimes injustice be-comes enthroned in law; but this does not put upon any person , an obligation to do morally wrong. He is still bound to do right, still bound by conscience to the higher law of God. This higher law must be obeyed at any cost. A statute commanding one to commit murder on certain occasions, or to steal, or to swear falsely, would not be binding on anyone, and would not be obeyed; and the reason given for disobedience to it would be that it was unjust. No one would claim that it ought to be obeyed simply because it was " the law; " and what would be true of such a statute would be true of every enact-ment that is contrary to the law of God. Unjust enactments do not derive any sanc- tity from being on the statute books. They ought to be repealed, not enforced. In secular affairs, the principle of majority rule is at the foundation of government; and this is proper and neces-sary. But in matters of conscience, majority rule has no place. An individual's duty toward God can not be determined by a majority vote. Every individual's rela-tion to God is a direct relation, not sus-tained through any other individuals or through the government. " Every one of us shall give account of himself to God." Faith, which is the essence of Christian-ity, is individual belief of God's word, irrespective of the belief or opinions of any or all other persons. LI religion, the majority have always been on the wrong side. It is the majority that throng the broad way leading to destruction, and only the small minority who travel the narrow way leading unto life. Thus the spheres of religion and of civil government must be wholly separate from each other. Within its legitimate sphere the civil power should have the unhesitating obedi-ence of all persons. Only the higher claims of duty toward God can justify anyone in "refusing obedience to the civil ruler. Only a plain conflict with the higher law of God can justify any disobedience to the laws of men. The legitimate realm of the civil power is that of preserving the rights of the people, and within this realm it has the sanction of God. No one can, under a plea of conscientious conviction of duty, be per-mitted to invade the natural rights of an-other person. These rights do not conflict, and each one must respect the rights of others. LAWS are not designed to enforce rights upon the people, but to protect the people in their rights. COMPULSION in religion only drives men to wickedness and hypocrisy under the cloak of religion. To force people to observe Sunday is not protection of civil rights, but an inter-ference with civil rights. 