.PORTAT1011 LIBERTY 119 With Apologies to the " North American." Philadelphia Some of the Things Wasted in the Booze Business elimination of liquor would greatly in-crease the individual efficiency of the man power among the men who do not drink to the extent as to cause them to lay off, but whose drinking impairs their efficiency and cuts down their output. On July 12, 1918, the National Coal Association sent the following message to the Fuel Administrator : " In the opin-ion of the representative committee of operators, which comprises in its mem-bership delegates from 'virtually every large coal-producing field in the nation, the country cannot have both booze and sufficient coal this winter. Nor can the country keep booze in the mining sections now and have enough coal later on. The liquor traffic is curtailing coal produc-tion, and the time has come to eliminate it if there is to be the substantial increase in coal output the war program de-mands." But why should the United States Fuel Administrators alone cope with this critical situation in localities where liq-uor interferes with the war program Wherever liquor holds dominance, the interests of the people are subjugated. It is time for Congress to enact a com-prehensive war-time prohibition measure which will be in force everywhere as a patriotic act. If the wheat that is turned into booze by the- brewery were turned into bread by the bakery, none of us crnnld he required to huy half flow and  half something else. We might all live on whole-wheat bread and still have enough to feed the Allies. But the brewers say, We must be pa-triotic and not complain if our rations are restricted, or our food is regulated by the Government as a-necessary war meas-ure. We answer : Brewer, do not com-plain ! Be patriotic when your grain is restricted and your business regulated by the Government. We have been pa-triotic for two years. You be patri-otic for the next two years. If we cannot get along without you, we will call you back again. A square deal is fair play. sti NEVER before in the history of the race has the issue been so clearly drawn be-tween democracy and autocracy, as at the present moment. With the entry of our own country into the great war, ev-ery other issue became subordinated to the one great question of the right of the people to rule themselves in their own interests, instead of the " right " to be -ruled by dynasties and classes, in the in-terests of a favored few. The danger now is, not that democracy will be de-feated, but that in the flush of victory the masses will forget that even in de-mocracies a just government must be one, not of men, but of equitable laws estab-lished for the maintenance of the inalien-able rights of the individual units of cioniPty. 