irfo-am..mmo.m..cr.a.m.4..m..........aw...ŁŁŁŁŁ,4m.o.m.t....m...mol.mŁPoAmmtpŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁ.i.m..ms.o.mmom.o.ŁŁŁ.ovŁŁŁŁ04.ŁŁŁŁmakao.n.4o.mm..4.  1 i 1 larliginu,6 Kihrrtg AgBottatiott 7 r DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES  1. We believe in God, in the Bible as the word of God, and in the separation  i  / of church and state as taught by Jesus Christ.  / 2. We believe that the ten commandments are the law of God, and that they comprehend man's whole duty to God and man.  I3. We believe that the religion of Jesus Christ is founded in the law of love I of God, and needs no human power to support or enforce it. Love cannot be : forced. ! 4. We believe in civil government as divinely ordained to protect men in the / ! enjoyment of their natural rights and to rule in civil things, and that in this realm ! it is entitled to the respectful obedience of all. IS. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to I worship or not to worship, according to the dictates of his own conscience, provided / that in the exercise of this right he respects the equal rights of others. 6. We believe that all religious legislation tends to unite church and state, is subversive of human rights, persecuting in character, and opposed to the best inter-ests of both church and state. 7. We believe, therefore, that it is not within the province of civil government to legislate on religious questions. 8. We believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to pre-vent religious legislation, and oppose all movements tending to unite church and state, that all may enjoy the inestimable blessings of civil and religious liberty. g. We believe in the inalienable and constitutional right of free speech, free press, peaceable assembly, and petition. to. We also believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. For further information regarding the principles of this association, address the Religious Liberty Association, Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. (secretary, C. S. Longacre), or any of the affiliated organizations given below: Š AFFILIATED ORGANIZATIONS Atlantic Religious Liberty Association (affil- North Pacific Religious Liberty Association  (of- iated organizations in Maine, Vermont, Massachu- filiated organizations in Oregon, Washington, Ida- setts, New Hampshire, New York, Connecticut, ho, Montana, and Alaska) : Office, College Place, and Rhode Island) : Office, South Lancaster, Mass. ; Wash.; secretary, H. W. Cottrell, 508 E. Everett secretary, K. C. Russell. St., Portland, Oregon. Canadian Religious Liberty Association  (affil-iated organizations in New Brunswick, Nova Sco-tia, Quebec, Ontario, and Newfoundland) : Office, Port Hope, Ontario ; secretary, M. N. Campbell. Pacific Religious Liberty Association  (affiliated organization; in California, Nevada, Utah, and Arizona) : Secretary, W. F. Martin, Santa Ana, Cal. Central States Religious Liberty Association (af- Southeastern Religious Liberty Association  (af- filiated organizations in Florida, Georgia, North filiated organizations in Kansas, Nebraska, Mis- Carolina, and South Carolina) : Office, 169 Bryan ,mri, Colorado, and Wyoming) : Office, College St., Atlanta, Ga. ; secretary, Carlyle B. Haynes. View, Nebr.; secretary, R. A. Underwood. Southern Religious Liberty Association  (affil- 1 Columbia Religious Liberty Association  (affil- iated organizations in Alabama, Kentucky, Ten- iated organizations in Pennsylvania, Ohio, New nessee, Louisiana, and Mississippi) : Office, 2121 Jersey, Virginia, West Virginia, Delaware, and 24th Ave. N., Nashville, Tenn. ; secretary, L. A. Maryland) : Office, Takoma Park, D. C.; secretary, Smith. I B. G. Wilkinson. Southwestern Religious Liberty Association (af- Lake Religious Liberty Association  (affiliated filiated organizations in Arkansas, Oklahoma, organizations in Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, and secretary, L.  H.  Christian. FOREIGN OFFICES iated organizations in Minnesota. Iowa, North Northern Religious Liberty Association  (affil- Texas, and New Mexico): Office, Keene, Tex. ; Wisconsin) : Office, 3145 Lyndale St., Chicago, Ill.; secretary, J. W. Christian. Australia: Office, Mizpah, Wahroonga, N. S.  W., Australia; secretary, G. Teasdale. j Dakota, and South Dakota) : Office, 2713 Third 1 Ave. South, Minneapolis, Minn.; secretary, Chas. Great Britain:  Office, Stanborough Park, Wat- 127""P ford, Herts, England; secretary, W. T. Bartlett. 