LIBERTY 5 Christian principle of civil government, they will insist upon the complete sep-aration of church and state. To declare that this is a Christian nation, and then to insist that for this reason the chief ex-ecutive must be an orthodox Christian, is to pervert the Christian idea of civil government. It ought to be clear that the same course of reasoning which requires the president to be an orthodox Christian would demand the application of the same test to every candidate for office, and this would be the theocratic principle of government fully developed. Then instead of " government of the people, by the people, and for the people," there would be government of Christians, by Christians, and for Christians Š ortho-dox Christians. History has shown that such a government may be most intol-erant and most cruel. It is the attempt of man to administer the government of God. The Taft incident is significant as in-dicating a growing sentiment in this country in favor of a union between religion and government, even on the part of those who profess to believe in the separation of church and state. If this sentiment becomes strong enough to be carried into effect, religious liberty will thereafter be the liberty to profess and to practise the religion of the ma-jority, and America will cease to be the land of the free. Limping Logic IN a recent sermon on the observ-ance of the Sabbath, Dr. A. C. Dixon declared that " the Sabbath existed be-fore the law was given to Moses on Sinai," and urged that the Sabbath is a physical necessity, a mental necessity, a moral necessity, and a spiritual neces-sity. He then drew his conclusion : Š It follows, therefore, that the Sabbath  is a national necessity. Whatever is for the physical, mental, moral, and spiri-tual good of the people is for the good of the nation. " Righteousness exalteth a nation," and without obedience to the laws of our nature, which are the laws of God, there can be no national right-eousness. Laws for the protection of the Sabbath are, therefore, for the pro-tection of the nation. This argument put in the form of a syllogism, would run thus : What-ever is necessary to the welfare of the people is a proper subject for legislation; the Sabbath is necessary to the welfare of the people; therefore the Sabbath is a proper subject for legislation. But the major premise, which is taken for granted in Dr. Dixon's argument, is not true. A certain amount of food and sleep are necessary to the welfare of the people, but we do not concede the right of the legislature to prescribe the time for taking these necessaries of life, or the amount required. There are some good things entirely beyond the control of the state, and one of those is Sabbath-keeping. We believe in keep-ing the Sabbath " according to the com-mandment," but the commandment of God, not of man. Political Christianity AN effort was made to secure the recognition of Jesus Christ as " our leader " at a State Prohibition convention recently held in Washington State. After creating considerable stir the proposition was voted down. In its comment on this incident the Chicago Israelite said : Š The ministers who opposed the inser-tion of the acceptance of Jesus Christ in the Prohibition platform of Seattle were right when they declared that it would arouse the hostility of the Jews, but not on the ground that they put it. Jews and all other good citizens of this country should oppose the recognition of any distinct religion in any platform. 