22 LIBERTY The trouble with the bill as it passed the House is that it puts almost unlimited power into the hands of the judge of the juvenile court and of guardians appointed by him. It makes children practically wards of the state, instead of wards of their parents or near kindred, and admits of their being taken from their natural guardians, and committed to an institu-tion either within or without the District of Columbia, and this with no possibility of appeal or review by some other court. Under the provisions of this bill as it passed the House, and as certain interests  are determined that it shall finally pass the Senate, the juvenile court judge has it within his power to commit Protestant or Jewish children to Roman Catholic in-stitutions, and that upon secret informa-tion and after a secret hearing, even the records of which may not be examined except by special permission of the court. The bill is thoroughly un-American, and its enactment into law would be a wide departure from American principles of government. The original bill must be defeated if human rights are to be preserved in this country. tV Legal Aspects of the Sunday Question BY W. F. MARTIN A STRONG feeling exists in the United States against any avowed purpose of re-ligious legislation. This feeling prevails because of the love of liberty in the hearts of Americans, and because of lessons learned from the study of the early his-tory of our country. As in no other na-tion in the world, there is here now, and has been, a careful study of the results of a union of church and state. Notwithstanding, there is at present a determined purpose on the part of cer-tain religious organizations to have the Christian religion, with its popular forms, legalized in this country. Knowing, how-ever, the antipathy that exists in the minds of the great body of people against avowed religious legislation, these advo-cates of a union of church and state en-deavor to cover up their plans by deny-ing their purpose of religious legislation, and claiming that what they are asking for are simply civil enactments. It can be stated with assurance that if their purposes were unmasked and held plainly and openly before the people, the majority would vote against legislating the Christian religion, or any other re-ligion, into law. It is an endeavor of the minority to coerce the majority. This is, however, not vital to the principle.  because the majority would have no more right to silence the few than the few would have to silence the majority. One striking example of this is the endeavor on the part of the different sabbath associations to secure a Sunday law forbidding work upon the first day of the week. When confronted with the Fact that this is religious legislation, it is claimed by its proponents, that Sunday laws are civil legislation. A glaring con-tradiction of this, however, is seen in the fact that nearly all Sunday laws are demanded either by ministers or by their partisans. The weekly-rest-day idea is based upon the command of God. To show that a Sunday law is religious, and not civil, it is only necessary to note the fact that things are forbidden on that day which are not wrong in themselves, but only considered wrong because of being done on Sunday. Honest work done at any time or under any circumstances is not opposed to the best principles of civil government. The only reason for its being forbidden on any day comes from the real or supposed character of that day. Hence any law forbidding work on one day that is allowed on another is a religious law. 