050 18 LIBERTY tablished by the state, was stained with the blood of martyrs. George Washington, when urged by a committee of churchmen at the time of the drawing up of the terms of the treaty of peace with Tripoli, to insert into the fundamental law of the land a statement that this was a Christian nation, had the committee purposely insert the follow-ing statement : " This nation is not in any sense founded upon the Christian religion." Upon another occasion he said : " Every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and should be protected in worshiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience." It is not the province of the state to see that every man is a good Christian, but a good citizen ; not that he acts relig-iously, but civilly. James Madison, the father of the Constitution, said : " Re-ligion is not in the purview of human government. Religion is essentially dis-tinct from human government, and ex-empt from its cognizance. A connec-tion between the two is injurious to both." In ages past when religious tyranny influenced and swayed the civil scepter, millions sacrificed their lives upon the altar of oppression to give birth to lib-erty for the benefit of their posterity. Let us stand fast in the liberty which they have purchased for us at so costly a price. Those grand old documents, the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States, are pregnant with the noblest sentiments of liberty, of inalienable rights, of freedom, of religion to be enjoyed by each indi-vidual under their jurisdiction. Never before in any nation was such a code of laws evolved. The principles enunciated in those documents are the principles set forth by Jesus Christ when he relegated to Caesar alone the things that belonged to C2esar, and to God alone the things that belonged to him. Thank God, the national government has never yet enacted a national Sunday law, and it never can enact a national  Sunday law unless it utterly repudiates the Constitution and apostatizes from its lofty principles. For one hundred thirty years our central government has not had a single Sunday law, and it has not yet succumbed. When an irreligious person is forced to be idle, the flood-gates of crime are opened to him. An irreligious man is safer when he is busy than when he is idle. Sunday laws encourage criminality. London has the strictest Sunday laws of any city in the world, yet statistics show that it has far more criminals to try on Monday morning than any other city in proportion to its population. Scotland as a nation has the strictest Sunday laws, yet she exceeds other na-tions in the birth of illegitimate children. Enforced idleness means profligacy for Scotland. When you force a man to be religious against his will, you make him either a criminal or a hypocrite. The supreme court of California de-cided that Sunday laws were religious laws, and therefore unconstitutional. The year following this decision, the leg-islature repealed every Sunday law upon the statute-books, and for twenty-five years the State of California has been without a Sunday law, and her moral status compares well with any State that has Sunday laws. You can not induce the citizens of California to re-enact Sunday laws in the State. Last year a Sunday bill was introduced by the Na-tional Reform Bureau, and the bill was defeated by an overwhelming majority in the House of Representatives. The early Christian church, a mere handful of men, opposed and assailed on every hand by heathen nations, managed to convert multitudes in one pagan na-tion after another for the first three cen-turies without a single human Sabbath law. How did they do it ? How is it that Seventh-day Adventists manage to double their numbers every ten years, as they have done the last sixty years, with-out the aid of a civil sabbath law in their favor Š yea, in the very face of a rival day that is legalized ? All that is needed to support a divine institution is a di- 