The PROTESTANT MAGAZINE PROTESTING against ecclesiastical error and promoting gospel truth. TEACHING the fundamental principles of true and false Christianity. REVEALING the difference between genuine and professed Protestantism. SHOWING wherein professed Protestantism is stretching her hands across the gulf to Roman Catholicism. INTERPRETING the meaning of Rome's control of the political parties of the great cities of America, the public press, public-school text-books, etc. CITING Rome's present ruling power. PREDICTING the time when Rome will again rule the world. NAMING the present contending forces that will finally be victorious. The only safe and consistent course for Protestants, is to accept and to obey the Word of God regardless of creeds, traditions, and customs. From the contents of the fourth issue of the " Protestant Magazine " it will be clearly evident that any one who abandons the plain teachings of the Word of God end adopts a church creed, the teaching of some commentator, or the mere customs of the majority, is really repudiating one of the fundamental principles of Prot-estantism. The Protestant Magazine - Washington, D. C. The National Health Journal LIFE AND HEALTH An Illustrated Magazine for the Common People Teaching: Š How to Live in Health. How to Avoid Disease. How to Treat Common Diseases at Home Without Drugs. How to Sleep, Cook, Eat, and Dress for Health. Giving the vital news concerning Temper-ance, Purity Reform, Health, Medical Mis-sionary Work, and other kindred move-ments. Over one thousand agents now selling this Health Magazine. One of them reports 300 copies sold in one day netting a profit of $18. Yearly subscription price, Si; six months, 5o cents; single copies, io cents each. Club Rates.Š 3 to zo copies, one address, 6o cents each, when cash accompanies order; 5 to 4o copies of any one issue, one order to one address, 5 cents per copy; 5o or more copies, one address, 4 cents each. Ad-dress,Š Life and Health, Washington, D, C, Signs of the Times THIS is an illustrated, religious, pro-phetic, educational, and temperance journal, devoted to the exposition of the gospel as found in both the Old and New Testaments, and as preached by Christ and his apostles. The fulfilment of the prophetic portion of the Scriptures, as shown by the important events constantly occurring, is made espe-cially prominent. Each number contains a Bible reading on some important topic, and in its various departments will be found something of in-terest to every member of the family. The Signs of the Times is emphatically a family journal and worthy a place in every household. Subscription Price Weekly edition (52 numbers), $1.75 a year. Monthly magazine, $1 a year. Combination offer: Weekly journal and Monthly magazine, $2.25 a year. Send for sample copies. SIGNS OF THE TIMES Mountain View California 