LIBERTY 183 " Many writers maintain that individuals, upon entering into society, give up or surrender a portion of their natural rights. This seems to be a manifest error. . . . Upon entering into society, however, for the purpose of having their natural rights secured and protected, or properly redressed, the weak do not give up or surrender any portion of their priceless heritage in any government constituted and organized as it should be."Š Alexander H. Stephens, quoted in Blakely's " American State Pa-pers," p. 188. men to whom Virginia owed so much in lead-ership and example. And Lincoln and Wash-ington were typical Americans in the use they made of their genius." An Altar for Democracy " I have come here today, not to utter a eulogy on Lincoln,Š he stands in need of Copyright by Harris & Ewing PRESIDENT WOODROW WILSON none,Š but to endeavor to interpret the mean-ing of this gift to the nation of the place of his birth and origin. Is not this an altar upon which we may forever keep alive the vestal fire of democracy as upon a shrine at which some of the deepest and most sacred hopes of mankind may from age to age be rekindled? For these hopes must constantly be rekindled, and only those who live can rekindle them. The only stuff that can retain the life-giving heat is the stuff of living hearts. And the hopes of mankind cannot be kept alive by words merely, by constitutions and doctrines of right and codes of liberty. The object of de-mocracy is to transmute these into the life and action of society, the self-denial and self-sac-rifice of heroic men and women willing to make their lives an embodiment of right and service and enlightened purpose. The com-mands of democracy are as imperative as its privileges and opportunities are wide and gen-erous. Its compulsion is upon us. It will be great and lift a great light for the guidance of the nations only if we are great and carry that light high for the guidance of our own feet." Our Position Stated LIBERTY magazine recognizes the rights of all men, and the duty of the state to protect them in the exercise of those rights. This magazine stands for the en-tire separation of church and state, and it therefore protests emphatically against any legislation which, under any guise whatsoever, encroaches upon the domain of conscience, and attempts to enforce, even in a remote degree, any religious observance. It is not, however, within the province of this magazine to advocate legislation of a general character, even though it may be beneficent; and for this reason we are not urging the enactment of laws for the protection of labor against the greed of capital, although in sympathy with it when it does not interfere with the rights of conscience. It ought to be clear to all that we do not favor requiring the laboring man to " Let man alone about his religion; that is consecrated ground; that is a point on which the Constitution has refused to trust you with one particle of power; and wisely, too; for mortal men are not fit to be trusted with such power. They have never had it without abusing it grossly."Š Hon. Thomas C. McRae, Congressional Record, April 2, 1896. 