51 8 40 LIBERTY chance if classically or pietistically in-clined, they find a welcome at the ever-open doors of the so-called " Holy Catholic Church." Yes ; Protestantism is dying ; but why ? The primary reason, of course, is that she has failed to live up to the advancing light as it came to her, and so has been left in darkness. The details of the how and the why might be traced if we had the time, and we would find many causes at work, and many instructive principles involved. Here we can dwell on only one feature, though large and important, which has prepared the way for the un-scientific delusions of our time, of which the " New Thought " and the " New Theology " are the full-blown flower. On the awakening of the human mind from the slumber of the Dark Ages, man had God's two books before him, the written Word and the book of nature. Eagerly he studied both ; and so long as the study of the latter was subordinated to that of the former, or so long as the Bible was allowed its proper place as the key to the mysteries of God's larger book, the human race made rapid prog-ress in understanding these two great revelations. But gradually and unconsciously the world began to use the study of the de-tails of the things of creation in a way calculated to becloud the mind, and ob-scure creation itself. The great facts of nature which may be discovered by the use of the senses, give us data for form-ing definite conclusions by inductive methods of reasoning. And so long as we confine our conclusions to subjects regarding which we have all the data in hand and understand them perfectly, our conclusions have all the force and value of correct reasoning. That is, so long as we do not exceed the limits of our data by jumping at conclusions be-yond the scope of what we have in hand, we are safe. But in the very nature of things, our data concerning the uni-verse are in little, separate groups, or patches, not perceptibly connected with each other ; while immeasurably higher  and broader than any of these conclu-sions based on sense perception are the great spiritual truths of revelation, such as creation and redemption, which ought ever to be given power to guide and shape all our investigations of the book of nature. With these as the supreme test of any new idea, we have a right to be suspicious of anything based on the scattering, fragmentary evidence we can glean from the field of nature, which is essentially out of joint with the far more certain, far better-established truths of revelation. Inductive methods of reasoning are of value. They have a high place in the development of the human mind, and constitute one of the ways in which God designed that we should attain knowl-edge. But there is a higher light than inductive reasoning,Š a light beneath which all nature is illuminated,Š and this light comes from God's Word, or may be flashed into the soul by the search-light of God's Spirit. If the knowledge of nature that we can gain through sense perception and inductive reasoning is used only as a stepping-stone to the great temple of God's truth, or as an encouragement to faith, it is being used as it was designed. But when it becomes the all in all, when the investigator ignores the higher light from revelation given to guide us amid the intricate mazes of scientific inves-tigation, then such a study becomes a de-lusion and a snare; and the human mind, forming universal conclusions in a hap-hazard way from its narrow, limited data, will always find it has been tricked regarding the most solemn questions of origin and destiny. Let me restate this matter, for it is of supreme importance. By no means within our power can we, by facts from nature alone, gain such a broad view of our relationship to nature and the God of nature that we can safely depend upon the conclusions thus formed. Altogether too many factors in the equation have been neglected. We know how our ordi-nary senses will deceive and trick us at 