90 LIBERTY The Ryan bill is, if possible, more drastic and comprehensive than the Gallivan bill. The same arguments which were made against the three Congressional bills as reported in this issue, should be repeated at the hearing of the Ryan bill before the Illinois Legislature, because of the un-American, unpatriotic, and unchristian principles and methods involved in such legislation. c. S. L. IV ME IV Maryland Citizens Highly Indignant THE citizens of Prince Georges County, Maryland, are highly indignant because of the Puritanical Sunday blue law crusade which Sheriff Hardy has been carrying on for the past six months. The sheriff has been enforcing the Sun-day blue laws, enacted in 1723 under Lord Baltimore's proprietary govern-ment, which have never been repealed. The penalty is the only thing that has been amended since 1723. The fines used to be, for the first violation, " 200 pounds of tobacco," for the second viola-tion, " imprisonment in the stocks," or the boring of a hole through the tongue with a hot iron; and for the third viola-tion, death. But now the penalty is a money fine or imprisonment in jail. All manner of labor and recreation is now prohibited on Sunday. You cannot take a drive, ride a horse, or take a walk, unless it is to church, on that day. The law does not permit the running of trains, street cars, liveries, boats, or the currying of horses and cleaning of side-walks on Sunday. You cannot sell any of the necessaries of life except milk and ice, which may be delivered only " to regular customers " without pay. Noth-ing can be given away free on Sunday that has any commercial value, not even " candy or mineral water." A person cannot get any medicine from a drug store without " a bona fide prescription from a physician." The Sunday news-papers are also put under the ban. The sheriff, at the instigation of certain cler- gymen, has enforced most of the pro-visions of this old blue law. Some of the exasperated citizens of Prince Georges County have held sev-eral indignation meetings, and have or-ganized an Anti-Blue-Law Association, whose object it is to launch a campaign for the repeal of these drastic Sunday laws of 1723. They are planning to nominate and elect men to the Maryland Legislature who are pledged to the re-peal of these laws. They are now con-ducting an extensive system of education upon this subject, and fully expect to turn public sentiment in favor of their campaign. Many prominent citizens have pledged their support to the move- ment. c. S. L. CONGRESSMAN R. P. HOBSON, whose great speech in Congress on temperance has won many to the temperance cause, is planning to send that masterly address into practically every home in the nation. The expense involved in an undertaking of this kind will amount to about $15o,-000. How many of our readers would be glad to see that splendid speech in the homes of the American people, educating old and young upon the questions in-volved in the temperance issue? You can insure its entrance into a hundred homes by sending one dollar to the editor of LIBERTY. All money received for this purpose will be receipted for, and turned over at once to, Mr. Hobson. We urge our readers to contribute what they can, and thus help to free our country from the blighting curse of the liquor traffic. OE Of IV THE next meeting of the National Federa-tion of Patriotic Societies will be held next October in San Francisco. The authorities of the Panama Exposition have offered the use of their main auditorium for this gathering, and it is planned to run special trains across the continent for the benefit of those who will attend. An immense delegation is expected at this patriotic convention. Send five cents postage for booklet and letter of particulars to the National President, D. J. Reynolds, 424 Plymouth Building, Minneapolis, Minn. 