, /.:, Ł /.Ł: 4 Z /of. / . Ł Ł , — /4 A-A, /74 4... — Ł,1 - /7.4. /7. 4.4,4? /74/ , if; 4C. .- Ł ba, .16ŁŁŁŁŁŁ ?4 /Z. 4.-- / rz-"4.  ,.. Aro: ow,  Ł 1;1 4%Z C. c it..  .94.5 V 'IV Ł IL tt. 7Z. ieS2 ŁŁŁŁŠŁ-; .);, a 4, ve rz rz, ..12:z ; Ł -  d /7. 577,, - 1Z. . 47, 4.t 4. a Lr;f'‚,.., Š  - Ł 4. / A-to Ł et., at. Pe 7 1 , rŁ-rs. ,f-e 4-4:- Ł /..-;1/4 /4- /6: I, V fi S KEY'S FIRST DRAFT OF " THE STAR-SPANGLED BANNER LIBERTY 177 order of things brought about by the founders of the American government. The founders built in the sight of a foreign nationalism which had wrought havoc in church and state through the Dark Age period, from which Europe heroically labored to wrest itself. Europe has only par- tially succeeded, b u t America professes t o have obtained the vic- tory over that old order of things, by devising a government wherein both civil and religious liberty shall forever be guaranteed to every one. That guaranty w a s voiced by the illustrious George Washington in these words : " Every man who conducts him-self as a good citizen, is accountable to God alone for his religion." It was declared by the great Thomas Jefferson, in the statement : " All men are created equal ; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain in- alienable rights." I t was proclaimed by the Ł father of the Constitu-tion, James Madison, in the declaration "that re-ligion, or the duty we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharg-ing it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence ; and therefore, all men are equally entitled to the free exercise of religion according to the dictates of conscience."Š" Religious Liberty in America," page 197. It is to be hoped that the Star-Span-gled Banner celebration at Baltimore may result in a revival of original American-ism in the hearts of listless and indiffer-ent citizens, and bring peaceful courage to the hearts of those whose devotion to  the cause of freedom keeps the altar fires ever burning. 01 IF " Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," how can we consistently ask Congress to enforce the observance of the Lord's Supper, the Lord's baptism, the Lord's Prayer, or the Lord's Day? All these are religious and not civil institutions, and belong to the free-will service we owe to God instead of the compulsory requirements we owe to Caesar's gov-ernment.. Every institution which has the Lord's name prefixed to it belongs to the Lord and not to Caesar, and there-fore Cxsar has no right to enforce it. 