18 LIBERTY itual things only. The Papacy admits no such distinction. That power whose rep-resentative was willing to drench Europe in blood if thereby he might restore the temporal sovereignty of the Pope, makes the proud boast that her purpose never changes. The purpose to rule over the kings of the earth, to reign as a temporal sovereign, is rooted as deep in the heart of the Papacy to-day as at any point in the history of that organization; and it augurs ill for the future of the American continent and American independence when the representative of that power can make a triumphal procession through Canada and the United States and see thousands on thousands in every city he enters falling on their knees before him and kissing the symbol of his authority. In the city of St. Louis, where such a demonstration was made, the cardinal legate, in addressing four hundred youths at the Christian Brothers' College, ad-vised his hearers thus : " Be proud that in America you are free to practise your faith unmolested, and that this country is not like those lands in which they have proscribed the faith and made limitations to the duties of conscience." As a matter of fact, there is no proscription of the Catholic faith in any land in all the world. But France, tired of church dominance and church dictation in matters civil as well as religious, has broken off diplo-matic relations with the Vatican, and left Catholicism practically where it is in this country. Spain, weary of the same con-ditions, is going in the same way. The Catholic religion has not been proscribed in either of those countries. In fact, in Spain, until the present year, the. Catholic religion is the only one that has not been proscribed. With the field all to herself for centuries in France, Spain, and Por-tugal, her arrogant intolerance has be-come so unbearable that her own chil-dren, nurtured on her knees, have turned against her. This attitude on the part  of those nations ought to be sufficient warning to the people of all North Amer-ica to cause them to repudiate her claims and look with dread on all her advances toward the peoples of this continent. If Catholic Americans should " be proud " that in America they can practise their faith unmolested, they should also remember that they owe that privilege to the principles of liberty and equality in-grafted in the Constitution of the nation. They ought to "be proud" also that every other citizen has the same privilege. That ought to be a greater and broader cause for pride (if we can call it that) than the mere fact that they themselves have that privilege ; for in France, Spain, and Portugal for hundreds of years the members of the Catholic Church have been free to exercise their faith, and no one else has. The result has been a con-dition which the church now deprecates. The American principle is the true one Š it is better even for Catholics; and yet the freedom of speech, of the press, and of religion, which this nation guarantees to all its citizens, has been most strongly denounced by the " supreme pastor " of the Catholic Church. It was Pope Pius IX who, in 1864, in an encyclical issued on December 8, reiterated the declara-tion of Pope Gregory XVI that the idea of religious liberty was insanity. Pius IX in that encyclical declared the idea of religious liberty to be " that erroneous opinion most pernicious to the Catholic Church and to the salvation of souls." Yet the carrying out of the principles of the Papacy in that matter has made for the Catholic Church itself, in France, Spain, and Portugal, conditions which harass her very soul. If the papal legate finds in America conditions of which Catholic citizens ought to " be proud," it would be worth his while to study the principles which have brought those con-ditions about. But he will not find those principles in the encyclical of Gregory 