PART OF THE WORKING FORCE ENGAGED IN SUNDAY LABOR ON THE CARDINAL GIBBONS MEMORIAL HALL Photograph taken Sunday, Oct. 18, 1912. LIBERTY 29 Among other causes that may justify servile work on Sunday, the same au- thority also mentions " dispensation, cus-tom, piety, charity, and public or private necessity." Under " private necessity " are mentioned these : Š "(1 ) The bakers and butchers of large cities; (2) Horseshoers, blacksmiths whose business is to repair plowshares, as well as shoemakers and tailors engaged in the preparation of funeral or wedding garments; (3) servants, children, and women, whom want or ne-cessity compels to work; (4) those who otherwise could not support their fam-ilies, provided that they work in secret, and 'avoid scandal; (5) farm hands who are obliged to save a crop in danger of being ruined; (6) those who can not, without meeting with serious loss, or without de-priving themselves of some considerable advantage, in-terrupt their work ; as, for example, when it is a ques-tion of keeping a furnace going, or of profiting of a favorable opportunity of catching fish, etc." According to the Catholic Church, the power of dis-pensing from Sunday rest belongs " to the Pope throughout the who church, to the bishop in his diocese, and, in particular cases, to the rector in his parish." And as if the list of excep-tions just mentioned were not sufficiently large, it is further stated: Š " It is not necessary for a person to ask for a dispensation when, in the opinion of his confessor, he has a sufficient rea-son to work without committing sin."ŠPage 262. Teaching for Doctrines the Command- ments of Men From the foregoing it is evident that the observance of God's law is of very little importance in the eyes of the Cath- olic Church,Š of much less importance than the observance of the " command-ments of the church." All that is really required of a good Catholic is that he attend mass on Sunday morning, after which he can do about as he pleases. It may be truly said that the hierarchy of Rome has covered God's commandments and her own spurious ones with as many human traditions as did the Jewish hier-archy in the days of Christ. Of them it may be said, in the words of the Atlas- ter : " In vain they do worship me, teach-ing for doctrines the commandments of men." Matt. 15 : 9. Yet Rome Urges Sunday Observance Upon Others In urging the observance of her spu-rious sabbath upon men, the Papacy re-sorts even to the superstitious fear of her followers, as will appear from the fol-lowing, found on page 259 of the " Man-ual of Christian Doctrine : "Š " Like blasphemy, the profanation of Sunday is a direct attack upon God, which often provokes his anger and his vengeance, and draws down on individ- 