28  LIBERTY Sunday laws are resulting in turning the state and nation backward to medieval times. The States which have fined and imprisoned those who observe the seventh day, have even been stigmatized as " back-ward States," by Mr. W. F. Crafts, a champion of Sunday legislation, in an article published in the Washington Post, of April 3, 1905. Should the principles of the Na-tional Reformers be carried out by all the States, they would all become " backward States." It is evident from the foregoing, that Sunday laws tend only to evil, and should therefore be repealed. Sunday Legislation Traced to Its Source C. S. LONGACRE Significant Acknowledgments IN a book just published by the National Reform Association, entitled. " Sabbath Laws in the United States," by R. C. Wylie, D. D., a prominent worker in the Associa-tion, every Sunday law in every State in the Union is quoted, and is traced back to the Sunday laws of the colonies; these laws are traced back to the Act of Charles II, of England; from England, Sunday laws are traced back through the divisions of the Roman empire; and from these divi-sions, they are traced to the edict of Con-stantine, issued in the year 321 A. D., which the work styles " the first Sunday law." The first page of the book says: " At the time of the outbreak of the Revolution-ary War, the law known as the Twenty-ninth, Charles II, Chapter VII, enacted in 1676. was the Sabbath law in force in all the American colonies. In legal circles it is regarded as the immediate historical antecedent of all our present Sabbath legis-lation." After quoting the Sunday law of Charles II, the author says: " This, with a few supplementary sections, is still the Sabbath law of England," and " in a few of our States, Sabbath laws are still modeled after the Act of Charles II." Continuing, the author says: " Legisla-tion for the protection of the first day of the week as a day of rest may be traced back, through the history of the various nations into which the Roman empire was divided, to the edict of Constantine, issued  in the year 321 A. D., which is often called the first Sunday law.' " This is simply a plain statement of the historical facts respecting Sunday laws. They originated with Constantine in the fourth century of the Christian era, and come down to us as relics of a union of church and state under pagan, papal, and Protestant rulers. " One very important point of difference is to be noted, however," says Mr. Wylie, "between English and American legislation, and legislation in Continental Europe. In the latter there is but seldom any reference to a divine warrant for Sabbath laws, while Sabbath laws in England, especially from the Reformation period, and in America from the planting of the first colonies, have been based upon the law of God. From this it follows that in our country no other day than the first day of the week is regarded as possessing a sacred char-acter. We have a few holidays, but no other holy day than the Lord's day. It follows likewise that the day thus recog-nized among us as holy and protected by law from desecration is a vastly dif-ferent thing from a continental Sunday." This sounds very different from the " civil sabbath " talk sometimes indulged in by advocates of Sunday legislation. Sunday is here plainly called a " holy day," and, through Sunday laws, this " holy day," it is asserted, is " protected by law from desecration." But note the admission here made. The ancient Sunday laws, after which our pres-ent Sunday laws ",are still modeled," were lacking because they were not, like our modern Sunday laws, " based on the law of God," and seldom made " any reference to a divine warrant." Why wonder at this difference, when the first Sunday law was made by a pagan ruler, for his pagan and half-pagan subjects, to do homage to "the venerable day of the sun," dedicated to the sun-god, whom he then worshiped? Both the makers of the first Sunday laws, and the church bishops who demanded them, knew full well that there was no divine warrant for either the Sunday institution or for Sunday legislation. And no amount of modern legislation can supply this war-rant. The best the friends of either can do is to clothe the wolf in sheep's clothing; but he is a wolf still. Neither a first-day sabbath nor a first-day sabbath law can, 