LIBERTY 15 We invite Dr. Crafts to urge this ar-gument the next time he appears before a legislative committee demanding such laws as would require observers of the seventh day to refrain from labor on another day also. Catholics Demanding Offices IN an address at St. Louis recently, Archbishop Ireland of St. Paul is re-ported as saying that the Catholics of the United States should be more largely represented in the holding of public of-fices. To quote a portion of his re-marks : Š There are now seventeen million Cath-olics in this country, and they are not represented in its great offices as they should be. When the principle is adopted that the political offices should be divided among the adherents of the various de-nominations in proportion to their num-bers, a long step will have been taken toward a union of church and state. To-ward this consummation there seems to be an inevitable trend. The Purpose of Catholic Federation THERE is on foot at the present time in the United States, and nearing the com-pletion of its purpose in the matter of organization, a federation of all the Cath-olic societies. There are many of these organizations, and they are being welded together in a compact body known as the American Federation of Catholic Socie-ties. In a speech at Atlantic City, N. J., on Nov. 17, 19o4, Archbishop McFaul, the originator of the federation idea, gave the following lucid setting forth of the plans and purposes of the organiza-tion : Š The federation is an organization whose aim is to unite all the Catholic nationalities of the United States into one  body for their civil, social, and religious advancement. It will not be long before the feder-ation will have fifteen million Catholics under its banners ; and when that time comes, there is no nation on the face of the earth that dare refuse to give us audience when Catholics raise their voices on any question of state in which they are interested. One of the questions in which Cath-olics are most intensely interested is the question of the enforced observance of Sunday, and they have expressed their willingness to unite with Protestants for the securing of laws looking to that end. The advocates of religious legislation will certainly have an able and willing ally in bringing about that first great step toward a union of church and state in this country Š the enforcement of the Sunday institution upon all people. Christian or Pagan ? A METHODIST clergyman recently wrote a letter to a New England paper (The Day, New London, Conn.), in which he discussed the question of Sun-day observance, and among other things said:Š The Christian civilization differs from the pagan and all others in its legisla-tion. The civil law separates the Sab-bath as a day of rest and worship. One essential difference between Chris-tian and pagan civilization is the sepa-ration between church and state, a prin-ciple clearly enunciated by Christ. When an appeal is made to civil author-ity for the enforcement of a religious observance, the Christian idea of civil government is set aside, and the pagan principle is adopted. The observance of the true Christian Sabbath of the fourth commandment is based upon the divine law, and does not ask the support of the civil law. 