LIBERTY 41 archeology for saving the Bible from being discredited by the learned profes-sors in theological seminaries Š the men to whom its defense would naturally be committed. The Higher Criticism of ten years ago is not treated seriously by the Higher Critics of to-day. The cur-rent criticism is not so destructive as that which has already been buried by the spade of the archeologist, but it, too, will probably share a similar fate when Egypt's sands give up more fully their secrets.Š James L. Polk, in a paper read before the Archeological Society of New York. Character Not Needed in the Ministry THE editor of the Christian Register, who stands for the theories of the geol-ogist and the Higher Critic, in an article on " The Ideal Minister," in the issue of September 15, has this to say in reference to the place and importance of the min-ister in the work of the church : Š " The fate of the church does not de-pend upon the existence or character of ministers of religion. . . . The church is a product of human nature, it is founded in human needs, and whether with min-isters or without them, will shape for itself some kind of expression and adopt some method of culture and rules of ac-tion." It is a striking statement ; but we are glad it is not true. It is a conspicuous characteristic of the striking statements made by the Higher Critic and the evolu-tionist that they are flatly opposed to the Book of God. Our Lord himself ap-pointed ministers to preach his gospel, and he would never have done so if they were not necessary. Furthermore, the injunction to God's servants, his min-isters, is : " Be ye clean, that bear the ves-sels of the Lord." The clean man is in-variably a man of character. The gospel will not be preached without ministers. Says the apostle Paul : " It was God's good pleasure through the foolishness of the preaching to save them that believe." Cor. 1:21. The Higher Critic de- Tahpanhes, which Nebuchadnezzar des- troyed. Belshazzar Not a Myth Belshazzar was not on the throne when Babylon was taken, the critics de-clared. Herodotus, Zenophon, and Bero-sus all fail to mention him. The entire story of Belshazzar was a pretty myth, but no such person ever existed, they said. Then Sayce uncovered monu-ments showing that Belshazzar was as-sociated with his father on the throne. Von Bohlen and other critics said the story of Joseph was fiction, the fallacy of which was proved by some person writing the book at a late date referring to the vine being cultivated in Egypt, to the use of flesh as an article of diet among the upper classes, and that the presents of Pharaoh to Abraham in-cluded sheep and oxen, which were ob-jects of hatred in Egypt, and did not in-clude horses, which were common in Joseph's day. The monuments since found show that the process of making wine was known at the time of Joseph. Rawlinson tells us that animal food was the principal diet of the upper classes, and that horses were unknown in Egypt in Abraham's time, and, so far as known, were first introduced under the Hyksos kings. De Witte, Von Bohlen, and the entire school of critics denied there ever ex- isted the Hittite nation. No mention of such a people could be found anywhere, not even on the monuments. Within the last few years archeologists have recov- ered the entire history of the Hittites. In the Song of Solomon, in the orig-inal, is the word " Shel." The critics said this word was of much later origin than Solomon, and of course the song must have been written by some one else. On the site of Samaria, Drs. Chap- lin and Sayce found a tablet executed in Phenician letters in the eighth century B. c., and on this was the word " Shel," which the critics' text-books said did not come into existence until after 600 B. c., when Solomon wrote. The Christian church is indebted to 