LIBERTY 111 tew weeks ago Recorder Bundy fined John Sepp, an ice dealer, for giving away on Sunday ice that was needed for a sick baby." Evidently this magistrate is a direct descendant of the old type of Sunday blue law advocates of Colonial New England. If he had lived in the days of the self-righteous Pharisees, he would have arrested Christ when he came out of the wheat field. This travesty upon justice is the logical outcome of even a modern Sunday law. t tt THE Washington Star of Feb. 16, 1916, had the following dispatch, sent from Charleston, W. Va., under the same date : Š " The State supreme court has been asked to determine whether it is unlawful to dig pota-toes on Sunday. J. R., J. H., and J. M. Harrs were convicted on this charge, and fined by a justice of the peace in Tucker County. They appealed to the circuit court, and were again found guilty by a jury. They now have ap-pealed to the supreme court. The men claim they had to dig potatoes on Sunday in order to prevent the crop from freezing." The constitution of West Virginia for-bids the legislature to " confer any pe-culiar privilege or advantage on any sect or denomination." Is this prohibition not violated when Sunday keeping is made compulsory? Is not a Sunday law a peculiar advantage operating in favor of a Sunday-keeping denomination, and against any who may chance to observe some other day, or even no day at all ? IF intoxicating drinks injured only the drinker, we might say that the mat-ter was one in which we had no right to interfere. In that case we should charge all the losses and dangers to his " personal liberty " account, and should depend upon education along the lines of abstinence to correct the evil. But the liquor peril extends its desolating and ruinous work beyond the drinker and his personal liberty " account, and its blast-ing scourge falls upon the innocent and the helpless. JOHN WILFONG, a barber in the city of Joliet, Ill., was indicted twice recently for barbering on Sunday, and was tried each time before a jury in Justice Mc-Culloch's court, but the jury in each case acquitted the barber as not being guilt) of a misdemeanor. This was a case in which the barbers' union was prosecuting an independent barber, and the jury had a keener sense of true justice than the barbers' union with its Puritanical no-tions of Sunday enforcement. ttE tV THE four officers of the Menace, in-dicted and tried at Joplin for alleged vio-lation of the postal laws, were acquitted. Thomas Watson, of Georgia, was re-cently tried for a similar offense, the jury standing ten to two in favor of acquittal. These cases have been cited as proof of the impracticability of enforcing the present law. Juries, it is said, will not convict in such cases, even when the evi-dence would justify a conviction. Is it not much safer, however, to leave such questions to a jury than to the decision of one man ? stF tV FOUR " Columbus Day " bills have been introduced into Congress to make Oc-tober 12 a legal holiday. One of these bills has actually passed the Senate, and bids fair, it is said, to pass the House. Our Solons in Congress tell us that it is impossible to establish a Lincoln Day as a legal holiday. Yet Lincoln was born in America and preserved the Union. Co-lumbus was born in Italy. Yet Italy has no Columbus Day, nor has Spain, under whose flag Columbus sailed. tV tV CATHOLIC periodicals and newspapers all over America are telling their readers not to support President Wilson for re-election, because he recognized Carranza as de facto head of the Mexican Repub-lic, contrary to the advice of the Catholic Church. And still we are assured that the Roman Catholic Church is not in politics. 