48 LIBERTY LIBERTY The Official Organ of the Religious Liberty Bureau Department of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists WASHINGTON, D. C., SECOND QUARTER, 1908 Subscription Price - 25 cents per year To Foreign Countries 35 " " " Published Quarterly by REVIEW & HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. Takoma Park Station, Washington, D. C. Entered as second-class matter, May 1, 1906, at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. BY a mistake for which the editors of LIBERTY are not responsible, the article on " Religious Liberty " in the issue of this magazine for the second quarter of 1907 was credited to Mrs. E. G. White. We have since learned that the article was not written by her, although it was so credited in one of our exchanges. SEVENTY thousand copies of the last issue of LIBERTY were printed and circulated. A powerful influence is thus being exerted in behalf of true principles, but we hope to see the circulation of this magazine steadily increase each quarter. We invite the co-operation of those who appreciate the im-portance of its mission. So far as we know, LIBERTY is the only publication in the United States devoted to the advocacy of the Christian and American idea of civil government Š the separation of church and state, or of re-ligion and government. Those who aid in giving this magazine a wide circulation become partners with us in a good cause. Liberal terms are offered to those who wish to give their time to this work. Not on That Side IN a brief address delivered at a hearing on the Sunday bills now before the House of Representatives, Rabbi Stern, of the  Washington Hebrew congregation, made this statement : Š I would like to say that if the gentle teacher of Nazareth appeared with us this morning,Š he observed the seventh day, and not the first day, and said, " Do unto others as ye would that others should do unto you," and therefore was not a believer in the principle that majorities should rule, Š he would possibly not be on the side of those favoring the proposed legislation. What a rebuke to the professed followers of the Nazarene! To Our Readers THIS issue of LIBERTY contains matter which is worthy of serious consideration. The two arguments against religious leg-islation and the memorial to Congress are rather long, but they deal with principles of the highest importance to both the in-dividual and the nation,Šprinciples which seem to be lightly regarded by some men of influence, and all the people ought to be intelligent concerning them. Those who prize their liberties need to be aroused to the danger which threatens them, and to be awakened to a sense of duty to preserve the priceless legacy which has been transmitted to them. A strong public sentiment needs to be created, which will serve as a barrier against the encroachments of bigotry and religious despotism upon the inalienable rights of the people. If the principles advocated in LIBERTY should prevail, the most perfect freedom consistent with the rights of all would be accorded to every citizen, irrespective of his religious belief, and his right to disbelieve would be respected. Is not this fair and right? Can good citizens ask for more, and can a just government grant less? But the history of government is the history of encroachment upon indi-vidual freedom, and the history of this government may prove to be no exception. At all events it is wise to watch for the first experiment on our liberties. We desire to make as many people as possible as intelli-gent as possible concerning the present sit-uation and the outlook. 