90 LIBERTY The Individual and the Gov- ernment (Concluded from page 87) will reward every man according to his works. Matt. 16:27. God saves men by faith, and faith is of necessity an in-dividual matter. The law of God is ad-dressed to individuals,Š" Thou shalt not," etc. Man, the individual, was made in the image of God, and for this reason was given preeminence in God's creation. And because man was made in the image of divinity, he was of such value in God's sight that after his fall an infinite price was paid for his redemption. Jesus Christ died to save individuals, not cities, nor tribes, nor states. With God, there- fore, the individual comes first; he is of supreme importance, and all insti-tutions ordained of God are for his benefit. Men may disregard this order, and set up governments which ignore the rela-tionship between man and his Creator, as has been done in every period of hu-man history. They may set up the theory of the paramount rights of the state as against individual rights, and reduce the individual to the position of a mere cog in the government machinery ; but in this they are only fighting against God. God's rights are supreme, and his ways are the ways of truth and justice. The unalien-able rights with which he has endowed all individuals made in his image must ever stand in the purposes of God, and are sure of final vindication in the earth. IV 1.1f Supreme Religious Authority BY CARLYLE B. HAYNES AUTHORITY in matters of religion has been given to no man or body of men. No man, be he pope, emperor, king, or president, and no body of men, be it church council, congress, parliament, or legislature, has the right to prescribe the religious duty of other men. God Alone Supreme In the religious sphere God alone is supreme. He is the supreme head of the entire universe. There is no limit to his authority or his jurisdiction. " The Lord hath prepared his throne in-the heavens; and his kingdom ruleth over all." Ps. 103:19. Committed to Christ And it is to Christ, his Son, that God has committed this supreme rule in reli-gious things. He has placed all things under Christ's feet. Especially has he given him to be head over the church, which is his spiritual kingdom on earth. "And hath put all things under his feet, and gave him to be the head over all things to the church, which is his body the fulness of him that filleth all in all." Eph. I : 22, 23. And the church, Christ's kingdom on earth, is built on Christ as its chief cor-ner stone, not on Peter, nor on any other man. Hence Christ, and Christ alone, is the source of its authority. "And are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone." Eph. 2 : 20. Jurisdiction Unlimited God is the supreme Judge over all his creatures. All their work, whether it be secret or open, good or bad, he will bring into judgment and decide. From this it follows that his jurisdiction is unlimited. " Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter : Fear God, and keep his command-ments : for this is the whole duty of man. For God shall bring every work into judgment, with every secret thing, whether it be good, or whether it be evil." Eccl. 12 : 13, 14. And this work of judgment has also been committed to Christ, who thus be-comes the Judge of all the earth. " For the Father judgeth no man, but hath committed all judgment unto the Son. . . . And hath given him authority to execute judg-ment also, because he is the Son of man." 