LIBERTY 45 world. It means the outlay of millions of dollars every year in this country for the support of police, lawyers, courts, jails, prisons, and wardens. And it means more than that. It means that every year thousands of young men and woman are taught the way to the pit of death and perdition ; that the light in the eyes of the soul is dulled, the hope in the breast of a multitude is chilled, and that the love for the things of God in the hearts of such ones is fast going out or has perished already. There is nothing good the traffic has ever done ; there is nothing evil it has ever hesitated to do. It has never stimulated a holy thought ; but it has urged on the kingdom of dark-ness at a furious pace. It has built no hospitals, established no foundling asylums or homes for the poor ; but it has not hesitated to crowd the walls of all that have been estab-lished, as well as the jails, asylums, and penitentiaries, with the ripened fruit of its terrible planting. It has lifted no burden of debt from the widow or fatherless; but it has pasted mortgages on millions of deeds, and hung the red flag of the auctioneer on the gate-post of many a drink-ruined home. It has established no schools for the education of the young; but it has set the seal of imbecility on thousands of the unborn. It has clothed the children of its victims in a garb of rags, and turned them into truants and tramps. That is what it has done generally, and all know it. They read the figures and listen to the speeches, and forget the tragedies that it is enacting in millions of homes, each one with its terrible set-ting of blasted hopes and cruel heart-aches. Never a home is established that is not built on hope and pleasant antici-pation ; but never a home has liquor en-tered that it has not torn hopes and heart-strings like a maddened bull. Once inside, it has never been satisfied until it has strewn the last timber of hope's building upon the ground. The individual deceives himself into the belief that he is enjoying, at little  expense, a harmless pastime which he can abandon at a moment's notice. Never was there greater deception, and never a captor that continued so long to deceive so great a body of people at the same time. In very many homes the husband comes to his family at the week's end with every dollar of his wages squan-dered. The rent is past due, and the landlord obdurate; the grocery bills are unpaid, and the grocer will give no credit; the children are too poorly clothed to attend church or school, and sometimes even to be seen upon the street; the very cheapest food is ob-tained, and the children cry of hunger. One does not have to draw upon fancy to conjure up a picture of such things as they actually exist in thousands upon thousands of homes in our own land. "Wine Is a Mocker" As a waster it has no equal ; as a mocker it is beyond comparison. The holiest relations of life it handles with the most ruthless mockery. It laughs at domestic peace, and stirs up discord in its place. It promises the husband a pleasant evening with his friends, and then sends him home to abuse the best and most trusting friend he has. In the glow of the first glass it promises him temporal success ; and then when it has wound its coils about him, it takes from him everything he did possess, and turns him and his family into the street. It promises him promotion in his' occupa-tion, and then takes from his hands the steadiness and skill that are necessary to enable him even to hold the position he has. It promises him fluency of speech ; and then robs him of his brains, thickens his tongue, and gives him the speech of a lunatic. The army general needs it to " steady his nerves ; " he takes it, and loses the battle. The soldier needs it to brace him up for a dangerous duty; he takes it, forgets his duty, and is cap-tured by the foe. The orator needs it to give him freedom of utterance; he takes it, and disgusts his audience. The finan- 