10 (i.60) LIBERTY servative party is Catholicism of the most intolerant kind. This spirit will bring in its trail all the dreadful abuses of a civil misgovernment thus controlled, and add tenfold to the obstacles in the way of the reformers, educators, and missionaries. It is this party that would establish the old-time prestige of the church over the state, and drive out re-formers and promoters of either educa-tion or religion, not of the Catholic Church. American Influence in Latin America " What can it mean," we are asking in  Taft's will certainly have a powerful re-actionary influence toward the intolerant principles imposed when the Conserva-tive party was in power, before the time of Justo Rufino Barrios, 1873-1885. Until President Barrios's time, the church practically dominated the state. The church till then had a member in the president's cabinet. It had complete control of the educational system. Its officials were paid out of the national treasury. No other religious bodies were allowed in the country. President Bar-rios in inaugurating a system of public THE PRESIDENT OF GUATEMALA DELIVERING HIS INAUGURAL ADDRESS these countries, that the American Pres-ident attends Thanksgiving mass in St. Patrick's Cathedral at Washington? " Already the question of attending mass in state corps has been discussed in the assembly of Nicaragua, citing the ex-ample of the President of the United States, and of the members of the cabi-net as a precedent. The influence of the United States for freedom has been great upon the statesmen of these countries. Every step toward religious liberty has been bitterly opposed by the Conservative party. But thanks to the patriotism of a small band of leading spirits, who have fought for freedom of thought, there is no religious intolerance allowed in these countries at present. This act of Mr.  schools, found the monks, Jesuits, nuns, and all church officials so opposed to it that he banished Jesuits, monks, and nuns from the country and confiscated their monasteries, nunneries, schools, and their possessions of real estate, which were immense. He also abolished the department of the church in the govern-ment, and withdrew all financial support from the church, leaving it void of all its influence over the government. So sweeping were his reforms that he is called the second founder of the republic. The New Constitution In 1879 he proclaimed a new consti-tution, granting religious liberty in the following article : " The exercise of all religions without any distinction is guar- 