LIBERTY 39 all classes of its citizens. That has been a characteristic of all such unholy alliances, and will be just as surely de-monstrated in America when that union is accomplished, as it has been in Moham-medan and papal countries, and as it was in our own colonial governments in the early days. American history warns Americans against such an alliance. SAYS the Washington Herald of De-cember 18, speaking editorially : " For years and years the State Department has appealed to Russia to cease its dis-crimination against American citizens on the ground of religion." The ef-fort is a worthy one; and we commend it. For years and years the magazine LIBERTY and its supporters have been appealing to the American Congress and  to State legislatures not to discriminate between American citizens in America " on the ground of religion." Such dis-crimination there always is wherever a law is passed compelling all men to cease work on a day held sacred by some of the people and not so- held by others. The willing observers of that day, made a rest day by law, have six days of unin-terrupted labor guaranteed them. The remainder have but five, unless they vio-late their consciences and labor upon a day which they hold to be sacred. It will be well for Americans to see to it that the rights of American citizens which we ask Russia to respect we do not violate ourselves within our own bor-ders by trampling upon the religious rights of our own citizens; and they are violated and trampled upon wherever a Sunday law is enacted. America a Beacon-Light to the Nations (Continued from page 22) thirteen States, as represented by them-selves, in the year 1784, was 32,500." Following are two of the many evi-dences that might be presented, showing the watch-care of God over the destiny of this nation, especially during its form-ative period :Š I. The isolation of America from Eu-rope's social, religious, and political cus-toms and traditions. 2. The emancipation of North Amer-ica from the control of Roman Catholic powers. Witness the final defeat of the French in Canada, thus securing that land to Protestant England ; also, the promulgation of the Monroe doctrine, frustrating the attempts of the Holy Al-liance (Roman Catholic), of Europe, to set up Catholic governments on the American continent, to serve as a base of attack upon our Protestant govern-ment and institutions. In this connection, note the providen-tial defeat of the attempt by the Holy  Alliance to establish Emperor Maximil-ian upon the throne of Mexico. The almost unlimited material re-sources of America constituted in them-selves a tremendous power and influence over the world. America Demonstrates a Mighty Truth Referring to America as " an asylum to the human race," Mirabeau in his " Considerations on the Order of Cin-cinnatus " (London, 1785), wrote : Š " The delegates, representatives, and legislators of the American people lave made equality the basis of their insurrec-tion, their work, their demands, their rights. and their code. For this reason they occupy among the powers of the world the rank and separate position to which they are entitled by virtue of the laws of nature and of nature's God."ŠPages 3r, 32. And again the same writer declared :Š" America can, and is going to, deter-mine with certainty whether the human 