LIBERTY 153 ing them for fear, and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth: for the powers of heaven shall be shaken. And then shall they see the Son of man coming in a cloud with power and great glory." Luke 21 : 25-27. 1.V The conditions of our day fulfill these specifications. The stage is certainly be-ing set for the closing tragedies of the world, and we shall not have long to wait for the tragic events which fulfill these scriptures. C. M. S. Lincoln on Liberty Some Utterances of the Great Emancipator Regarding Human Freedom A. J. SAXBY BOURDEAU His Motto the Golden Rule The secret of Lincoln's love for human rights and equal libeity for all, is found in his desire to follow the golden rule. Witness the Christlike spirit in these wonderful words: " Die when I may, I want it said of me by those who knew me best, that I al-ways plucked a thistle and planted a flower where I thought a flower would grow." " The man who will not investi-gate both sides of a question is dis-honest." " When the conduct of men is designed to be influenced, persua-sion, kind, unas-should ever be THE United States is now erecting in the city of Washington a two-million-dollar memorial to the memory of Abra-ham Lincoln. His straightforward course as a mats and a President en-deared him not only to Americans, but to all the world. George Bancroft, the American his-torian, speaks thus of the " great com- moner : " " Lin-coln's early teach-ers were the silent forest, -the prairie, the river, and the stars. . . . Lincoln thought always of mankind, as well as his own country, and served human nature itself.. . . Lincoln took- to heart the eternal truths of liberty, obeyed them as the commands of Providence, and accepted the human race as the judge of his fidelity." Speaking of Lincoln's integrity, Ste-phen A. Douglas. his political enemy and rival, said : " Lincoln is the honestest man I ever knew." His private secre-tary, John Hay, who afterward became America's famous Secretary of State, thus expressed his estimate of the depth of Lincoln's character : " As, in spite of some rudeness, republicanism is the sole hope of a sick world, so Lincoln, with all his foibles, is the greatest character since Christ."  sun ing persuasion, adopted." Ł Admiration for the Declaration of Independence Lincoln's textbook was the immortal Declaration of Independence, which de-clares that " all men are created equal." Said he: " The authors of the Declara-tion of Independence meant it to be a stumblingblock to those who in after times might seek to turn a free people hack into the paths of despotism. . . . I have never had 'a feeling, politically, that did not spring from the sentiments embodied in the Declaration of Inde-pendence. The great principle of the LINCOLN Most was he like to Luther, gay and great, Solemn and mirthful, strong of heart and limb, Tender and simple too; he was so near To all things human that he cast out fear, And, ever simpler, like a little child, Lived in unconscious nearness unto Him Who always on earth's little ones hath smiled. Š S. Weir Mitchell 4.14MŁ11.0.110.11.011.0.0.104MMI.4111MINII.M.11.414ŁŁŁ11. 