LIBERTY "Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Leo. 25: 10. VoL. XI SECOND QUARTER, 1916 No. 3 Shall Americans Permit the Overthrow of the Con-stitution and the Muzzling of the Press ? BY THE EDITOR " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press."Š First Amendment to the Constitution. THE plain language of the Constitu-tion limits the power of Congress : " Con-gress shall make no law . . . abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press." The Supreme Court of the United States has declared that according to the Con-stitution, Congress has power to protect the freedom of the press by appropriate legislation, but not to abridge that free-dom. If the press abuses its freedom, as it has occasionally done, by printing ob-scene, lewd, lascivious matter, or by mak-ing libelous and slanderous attacks cal-culated to injure the reputation or the pecuniary interests of an individual or body corporate, then the injured party has recourse to our courts and can obtain redress for the injury done, but the facts must be established by evidence that is satisfactory to a jury. Both the Federal and State supreme courts have univer- sally held " that the fact of libel and slander must first be found by a jury." Trial by jury is a republican principle of government; trial by one man is monar-chical ; and condemnation without trial is despotic. The great American patriots, when they formulated the laws to govern the Republic, realized that the freedom of the press could be abused ; yet their faith was so strong in the ultimate triumph of truth that they were willing that the press should be permitted to present er-ror without governmental interference, so long as the truth should be left free to seek vindication through the same me-dium. Jefferson went so far as even to say that if he had to choose between gov-ernment without newspapers and news-papers without government, he would risk newspapers without government.  By that he meant that public opinion, if left free to express itself through the open forum of the press, would meas- I am for freedom of the press, and against all violations of the Constitution to silence by force and not by reason the complaints or criticisms, just or unjust, of our citizens against the conduct of their agents.Š Thomas Jefferson, 1799. 67 