The Youth's Instructor A SIXTEEN-PAGE weekly for young people. It stands for nobility of char-acter, gentleness of manner, a broad Christian education, and everything that effectually equips one for service in the world's great harvest-field. It stands for total abstinence from both liquor and tobacco. It has much of value to promise young people for the coming year. Series of articles by well-known writers on the' follow-ing subjects are promised: The Asiatic Archipelago, Christian Sci-ence, Tuberculosis, The Eighth Sense, Elements of Success, The French Revolution, Astronomy, The Refor-mation, and The History of the Jews. These, with an excellent series of Bible studies, Mission studies, Read-ing Course lessons, and helpful, prac-tical suggestions given from week to week, make the paper worthy of a place in every home. Annual subscription, $1; foreign countries, $1.50. Address Š YOUTH'S INS FRUCTOR Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. The Nations of Prophecy IN " Daniel and the Revelation " the author takes tip a verse-by-verse study of these two important portions of the Scriptures, care-fully going over the history of the nations, and showing how literally the Bible prophecies have been ful-filled concerning them. Every text is made clear and plain. A consideration of the Eastern question is one important feature of the book. The complete work contains over goo pages, and can be fur-nished in cloth for $2.75; full law sheep, $3.75; Persian morocco, $4.75. REVIEW AND HERALD PUB. ASSN. Takoma Park Washington, D. C. Life and Health A Practical Health Journal PUBLISHED with the view of meeting the needs of every home, teaching how to care for the health and to preserve life. It is in no wise an advertising medium for patent medi-cines. It does not sanction them. It advocates, instead, hygienic laws and rational treatments in assisting nature to throw off poisons. It teaches how to avoid disease by con-forming to the natural laws of health, and how to combat disease through healthful living and rational home treatments. It will often serve as a home physician or a trained nurse, giving much practical information in the common-sense treatment of dis-ease. Annual subscription price, 75 cents; foreign countries, $1; single copy, to cents. Send for sample copy and rates to agents. Address Š LIFE AND HEALTH Takoma Park, - - Washington, D. C. Signs of the Times Monthly THIS is a magazine devoted to the exposition of the gospel as found in both the Old and New Testaments, and as preached by Christ and his apostles. The fulfilment of the prophetic portions of the Scriptures is made especially prominent. All students of the Bible will find matter both interesting and profitable in this publication. Price, monthly ( forty-eight to sixty-four pages, with cover in colors), $i a year; weekly (the monthly issue and three other numbers each month of sixteen pages), $1.50 a year. Send for sample copy and special rates to agents. SIGNS OF THE TIMES Mountain View California 