n LIBERTY 7 better. They had just emerged from a condition of priestly dominance over the consciences of men that was as ob-noxious as the stamp act ; and the Con-stitution was a veritable declaration of independence from that soul-binding re-gime. A study of the history of those times makes any argument unnecessary to prove the statement. The new gov-ernment was a protest against soul-thral-dom as well as against taxation without representation. Therefore, knowing the injustice of state interference in matters of con-science, the framers of the national Con-stitution gave the nation the best possible guaranty against the recrudescence of spiritual slavery in the New World. The Constitution is a shield which the nation can not materially alter without the greatest danger. As President Mc-Kinley said : " It is a sacred document, and it is a sacred trust, given to us to see to it that it is preserved in all its vigor and in all its virtue to be passed on to the generations yet to be." Startling Comparison ALTHOUGH this nation has not been in existence a century and a half, it has yet passed through an experience which has often filled the history of many cen- turies in the case of some other nations. The transformation which has been wrought in the comparatively brief pe-riod of time since the founding of the nation has been well stated in this para-graph : Š The America of to-day is no more the America of Washington and Franklin " which so forcibly impressed all Eu-rope with its marvelous simplicity and strength," than the Rome of the three bosses, which Ferrero's third volume on The Greatness and Decline of Rome " describes, was the Rome of Cincinnatus. It is true that we have created an ex-treme concentration of wealth, and with it much poverty and a highly differen- tiated social structure. We have " ac-quired an unbounded taste for luxuries," and " the luxuries necessary to satisfy that taste." This view of the present condition of things in this country, which will appeal to every one familiar with the facts, is of much significance in its bearing upon the fulfilment of prophecy and the events of the near future. In its declining days the Roman republic sought the aid of the church to insure its stability, and the union brought ruin upon both the state and the church. The same course on the part of the American republic will bring the same result. An Imperial Sunday Alliance FOR several years past vigorous cru-sades have been carried on throughout Great Britain in behalf of better Sunday observance. As a result of these efforts an Imperial Sunday Alliance has been organized, the object of which, accord-ing to its constitution, is " to promote federated action throughout the empire in safeguarding the Christian Sunday for all sections of the community." By a letter signed by the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Roman Catholic Arch-bishop of Westminster, and the Rev. J. Scott-lidgett, the Imperial Sunday Al-liance has been commended to the people of the United Kingdom as competent to lead wisely in the matter, and to deal effectively with the problem of securing a better observance of Sunday. A Great Truth in Few Words THE following conversation is said to have taken place between Dr. William Carey, the distinguished missionary, and the governor-general of India :Š Governor-General of India: " Do you think, Dr. Carey, that it would be wrong to force Hindus to be Christians?" Dr. Carey: " My lord, the thing is im-possible. We may indeed force men to 