he Brewery Casts Shadow over ,e Home L,115C.K1 Y IUS and accuracy of judgment, memory, per-ception, 'coordination, ability to receive and transmit impulses, appreciation of the highest standards and motives of hu-man conduct, faculties of initiative and originality, thrift, energy, all are affected at the very fountains of their being.. . . " But alcohol does not confine its dev-astations to the brain. Nor are its ravages limited to the production of in-efficiency, immorality, and crime. Per-meating all the organs of the body and attacking their component tissues, it weakens them to such an extent as to invite and hasten the inroads of disease. It finds its way into the blood vessels that carry nutriment to every part of the human anatomy. It paralyzes, more or less, both the red and white corpuscles in the blood, injuring the disease-resist-ing power of the former, the microbe-destroying function of the latter. Enter-ing the stomach, it produces, with con-tinued use, gastric catarrh and disturbs the entire digestive apparatus. It alters the tissues of the liver, dilating the cells, interfering with the liver's basic func-tions, producing cirrhosis, with possible complications of dropsy, swollen veins, and jaundice in its train. . . . " It makes the moderate drinker, and the saloon as well, a breeder and a carrier of C o 11111111- nicable dis- ease. It is a menace to the health as well as the morals of a nation, and should be abated like any other nuisance or any other malignant plague. " The indictment is not yet complete. This alcoholic drug adds poverty of the blackest, dreariest, and most hopeless sort to the list of its offenses. Such is its power that men will take bread money from their families and make it blood money for drink. Such is its power that the American people are expending two and a half billion dollars for it every year, an average consumption of about twenty-two gallons for every man, woman, and child in the Republic. Nearly all the American people must earn a living with the labor of their hands. Keep in mind the fact that those who bear most of the nation's burdens, produce 'most of the nation's wealth, and constitute the chief source of the na-tion's vitality, are the individuals, male and female, who can earn a living by manual labor. . . . " In view of the fact, Mr. President, that the toiling millions are to be the principal beneficiaries of the abolition of the liquor traffic, is. it not astounding that there should have been a definite effort to enlist organized labor in behalf of this traffic? The laboring hosts of America, with their families, seventy-five or eighty million strong, are asked to oppose prohibition, presumably because ioo,000 bartenders have a union, as well as probably most of the 62,000 brewery, distillery, and other beverage-factory operatives. Labor is asked to imperil its very existence, to take food from the mouths and clothes from the backs of men, women, and children, to sustain a traffic meaning hunger, disease, insanity, and death for the masses, while liquor barons thrive in luxury, on account of these few men who would be infinitely better off in some other line. . . . " Another charge against the beverage alcohol must now be added Š that of economic waste. Over a hundred mil-lion bushels of grain and vast quantities of other foodstuffs intended by nature (Concluded on page 127) 