¥ _  .  ¥ 4  LIBERTY Palace of Versailles, General View had stood in the way and obstructed the prog-ress of political liberty and religious freedom, have been broken down. The old order of things has been supplanted by a new order. The American ideal of a real people's democ-racy in the separate realms of church and state has reached its grand fruition. The man who has had the public ear, and voiced the real sentiment and conscience of mankind in this world crisis, was not Pope Benedict, an eccle-siastical hierarch, but a democratic layman ÑPresident Wilson. This emancipation of the nations everywhere from the dictatorship and tyranny of political and religious autocrats, who thrust their.  au-thority upon the people without the consent of the governed, has ever been the goal of democ-racy. Mankind was at war over political ideals. It developed into a struggle for political freedom from autocrats who allowed nothing to restrain them from imposing their opinions, their rule and self-appointed authority, upon the world. The old regime has been set aside, and political freedom secured. Shall this precious boon re-main with the people? This is the paramount question of the hour. Different schemes are suggested that a durable peace and political freedom may be secured and maintained. One thing is certain, we cannot long maintain political freedom without religious liberty. The absence of either one will vitiate the benefits of the other. They stand or fall together. In the reorganization of European governments, this ideal of true democracy should be kept in the foreground, so that provision may be made that individuals of different ideals and convictions can live together in religious relations as peace-fully as men of different political convictions.  This can be possible only when the church and the state are completely separated. The liberty of mankind can grow in the right direction only when both the body and the soul are free. Every one is compelled to admit that this great war has resulted in a triumph of the4prin-ciples of democracy. But in order to make de-mocracy a success and a blessing, it is abso-lutely necessary that its principles be inherent in the hearts and lives of the people; otherwise the results will be bolshevism and anarchy. Free government is possible only when self-control and mutual benefit are the guiding spirit of its citizens. People who have always been ruled by an iron hand, cannot be expected to set up a republic overnight and have everything run smoothly. The public mind must be educated to new ideals, and learn to respect its own lim-itations of organized authority. The several units of society must be truly self-governing before society as a whole can hope to long maintain a genuine " government of the people, by the people, and for the people." It should not be forgotten, however, that there is a God over all, whose hand has so shaped the affairs of nations during this gigantic struggle that the outcome of the war should contribute to the speedy triumph of his own cause in the earth. The great barriers which before the war impeded the progress of the gospel message of truth and liberty among the belligerent nations, are now apparently eliminated. God removeth kings and overthrow-eth kingdoms, we are told in Sacred Writ, when they stand in the way of the fufilment of his eternal purposes. It behooves us to be in har-mony with .the divine pu4ose, and to espouse the cause of right, which will ultimately tri-umph over all its foes. 