34 Ł LIBERTY Ł The Flag and Patriotism There has been mentioned here the display of these little flags that are con-spicuous, suggesting that those who fa-vor this legislation are the patriotic ones. But no more unpatriotic thing could ever be done in the United States than to favor Sunday legislation. Do Sunday Laws Preserve a Nation ? It is claimed that we must have this law to save the nation, to preserve the state. Gentlemen of the Conimittee, one single fact annihilates that whole theory : If Sunday legislation were for the sal-vation of the state or the preservation of the nation, the Roman empire should be standing to-day intact; for no people, no nation, ever had more Sunday legis-lation, or more stringent Sunday laws outside of New England in the truest " blue " Puritan days and laws. There-fore when Rome had the most Sunday legislation ever in the world, and the most stringent and the most thoroughly enforced Sunday legislation, if there be any virtue at all in it, Rome ought to be standing to-day. But all that Sunday legislation only helped the more to sink the Roman state forever; and so it is ever with this sort of legislation. " There is no relish of salvation in it." What Is the Equivalent? But now for the sake of the argument of those who favor this, I am going to accept, for the moment, their plea that it is altogether economic, nothing relig-ious about it, and they do not intend any-thing religious about it, and see where we are forced, not only by the principle, but by their own advocacy; and this shall be by their own words. Upon Anglo-Saxon principles of gov-ernment, and unquestionably the perfect governmental principle of justice, no citizen can be required to surrender the personal exercise of any of his natural rights without an equivalent. By this principle in this government of the people, even in the case of war, when " the people " would be fighting in plain self-defense, no man is ever required to  leave his home and his personal affairs of natural right without receiving a defi-nite and regular recompense. By this principle under the exercise of the gov-ernmental right of eminent domain, the state can not take the property of any citizen without the recompense of a fair valuation. By this bill it is proposed that through enforced rest the government shall de-prive each citizen of one seventh of his time and effort. The right to acquire and to enjoy property, in itself, includes the right to the means and to the use of the means to acquire property. Time and effort, therefore, are property. By this bill, and with no other process of law, the government through enforced rest one whole day in seven, deprives each citizen of one seventh of his time and effort, and thus, in effect, of one seventh of his property. And what is the equivalent? Š Just nothing at all Š or worse. For a day of enforced rest is nothing but a day of en-forced idleness. What this law will do, therefore, is by governmental force to deprive every citizen for one whole day in each week, of his natural right of honest occupation ; and the only shadow of equivalent given in return for this is the consequent enforced idleness. But idleness is no equivalent at all for the time and effort of honest occupa-tion. General idleness voluntary, is only mischievous; general idleness enforced, is far worse. Industry, industry, honest occupation, not idleness, is the life of the state. And to put upon idleness the enormous premium of making honest in-dustry a crime to be punished by fine and imprisonment, is nothing less than gov-ernmentally suicidal. Ł Religion a Necessity The originators and promoters of this legislation know this. They know that this proposition is true, that enforced rest is enforced idleness, and therefore is mischievous. Accordingly, on that side, it has been said, and it stands in print as accepted doctrine with them, that " ta-king religion out of the day takes the rest 