Christian Civil Government L. A. SMITH AMONG people professing the Chris-tian religion, measures to compel the con-science and coerce the religious minority into conformity with the religion of the majority require some species of justifi-cation. To this end the advocates of re-ligious legislation have brought forward the theory that a nation is a moral per-son, with moral accountability separate and apart from the moral accountability of its citizens as individuals. A govern-ment, they say, can sin, can repent, can obtain salvation from God, the same as an individual, and is therefore bound by the same moral law. Hence there must be national as well as individual religion ; and the national religion in the United States must be the Christian religion. We must have here a Christian civil gov-ernment. As the civil government acts by force, a religious civil government necessarily means enforced religion. Let us assume a case for purposes of illustration. Mr. A, let us suppose, be-lieves with the religious majority, while his neighbor, Mr. B, stands with the mi-nority. Mr. B's religious belief and prac-tise are a testimony that Mr. A is in the wrong ; and this Mr. A does not like, es-pecially as he can find no very strong Scriptural proof in support of his posi-tion. It would suit him if Mr. B were compelled to show deference to his belief, at least in his outward acts. But Mr. A cannot say to Mr. B, " You must bring your religion into outward conformity with mine." He would have no more right to make such a demand of Mr. B than the latter would have to make the like demand of him. That is too plain for anybody to deny. Neither could Mr. A get a company of his friends with him, and with their support demand that Mr. B make this surrender; this likewise would be plain injustice of the rankest sort. Neither could Mr. A's church rightfully make such a demand of Mr. B ; all would stigmatize this as religious  intolerance. But now recourse is had to the theory of the government's moral personality and moral accountability ; the government is made to profess religion, which religion will, of course, in a repub-lic be that of a majority ; and lo ! the thing is accomplished, and Mr. B is obliged under the pains and penalty of the law to act as if he believed the same as Mr. A. And that which in every other light is recognized as being wholly wicked and incapable of justification, now all at once becomes reasonable,'just, and Christian! The religious minority are coerced by the religious majority, and punished in any way the law may prescribe for non-compliance ; and it is all right, since the government has moral accountability and must profess religion ! It would be terribly wrong, it would be plain religious persecution, for the citi-zens to do this in an unorganized capac-ity ; everybody admits this. It would be a manifest exhibition of religious intol-erance for a church to do it. But when the people do it in the capacity of a civil government, it is not wrong at all, but eminently good and necessary ! What a wonderful power there is in a little soph-istry to change the character of deeds from bad to good! Now let us look a moment at this the-ory of the state's moral personality, and see whether it will stand the test of analysis. Individuals, certainly, are morally ac-countable; and they are accountable un-der all circumstances._ No individual is ever excused from obedience to the moral law of God. Whether a public official or only a ¥private citizen, he is equally responsible before God for his acts. But he is responsible for himself alone ; he cannot have moral responsibility dele-gated to him by others. No one can get rid of moral responsibility in that way. If the people of the nation, each one for himself, would be true to their con-victions of right and of duty before God, 9 