28 LIBERTY be prayed for. The Bible admonishes Christians to pray for rulers. The stand taken by Roger Williams in favor of absolute freedom of the conscience aroused a spirit of opposition because it was thought he maintained " that it was blood-guiltiness, and against the rule of the gospel, to execute judgment upon transgressors against the private or public weal." Williams did not ap-prove of such a subversion of civil authority, and illustrated his position by the following ingenious simile, found in the records of the city of Provi-dence : Š " That ever I should speak or write a tittle, that tends to such an infinite lib-erty of conscience, is a mistake, and which I have ever disclaimed and ab-horred. To prevent such mistakes, I shall at present only propose this case: There goes many a ship to sea, with many hundred souls in one ship, whose weal and woe is common, and is a true picture of a commonwealth, or a human combination or society. It has fallen out sometimes that both papists and Protestants, Jews and Turks, may be embarked in one ship; upon which sup-posal I affirm that all the liberty of con-science that ever I pleaded for turns upon these two hinges Š that none of the papists, Protestants, Jews, or Turks be forced to come to the ship's prayers or worship, nor compelled from their own particular prayers or worship, if they practise any. I further add, that I never denied that notwithstanding this liberty, the commander of this ship ought to command the ship's course, yea, and also command that justice, peace, and sobriety be kept and practised, both among the seamen and all the passengers. If any of the seamen refuse to perform their serv-ices, or passengers to pay their freight; if any refuse to help, in person or purse, toward the common charges or defense; if any refuse to obey the com-mon laws and orders of the ship, con-cerning their common peace or preser-vation ; if any shall mutiny and rise up  against their commanders and officers ; if any should preach or write that there ought to be no commanders or officers, because all are equal in Christ, there-fore no masters nor officers, no laws nor orders, no corrections nor punish-ments ; I say, I never denied, but in such cases, whatever is pretended, the commander or commanders may judge, resist, compel, and punish such trans-gressors, according to their deserts and merits. This, if seriously and honestly minded, may, if it so please the Father of lights, let in some light to such as willingly shut not their eyes."Š" Life of Roger Williams," by Elton, page III. Genealogy of Sunday Laws t. Younger States of America.Š" In Sunday legislation we have followed the example of the older States." 2. Older States.Š" In Sunday legis-lation and judicial decisions we have fol-lowed the example of the oldest States." 3. Oldest States.Š" In the matter of Sunday legislation we have followed the example of the original colonies." 4. Original Colonies.Š" In the mat-ter of Sunday legislation we have fol-lowed the precedents and example of old England, which had an established relig-ion and a church-and-state system." 5. Old England.Š" In the matter of Sunday laws and religious legislation, they are the relics of the Catholic Church, incorporated among us when that church was the established church of the empire. When Henry VIII, about 1544, renounced allegiance to the Pope, we retained, and are still cherishing, these papal relics." 6. Catholic Church.Š" Sunday laws and religious legislation were incor-porated in our church by the craft, flat-tery, and policy of Constantine and the ambitious bishops of his time, together with the decrees of the Popes and coun-cils of later date, by which we trans-muted the ' venerable day of the sun,' the ' wild solar holiday of all pagan times,' into the Christian Sabbath." 