26 LIBERTY of Canonical Law at Prague, has gleaned from the Canon law the following propo-sitions : Š I. The Pope has the right to give countries and nations which are non-Catholic to Catholic regents, who can reduce them to slavery. 2. The Pope can make slaves of those ŁChristian subjects whose prince or ru-ling power is interdicted by the Pope. 3. The Pope has the right to annul  municated is no murderer in a legal sense.Š Dr. L. M. Vernon, in " Roman-ism and the Republic." Need we ask, Is it to be wondered at that the government of England, in view of the history and the pretensions of the Roman Church, requires of its king the oath prescribed, and that the oath has been worded as we see it to-day? What protection has a nation against an insti-tution working within itself, which assumes the right to absolve its emissaries from a n y oath of allegiance they may take, or absolve them from sin for any act which they may commit against t h e government ? We are not in favor of a religious test as a qualification for office or for public trust under any government, but we do believe that when an oath of alle-giance is taken to a na-tion in temporal affairs, that oath should stand for what it appears to stand, for; and it should be worth its face value; and any power which assumes the right to release indi-viduals in the various nations from their oaths of allegiance to their temporal sov-ereign, is an institution that is virtually at war with such governments, under-mining their foundation, and destroying the loyalty and confidence of the people. It is the history of Romanism, and the requirements which she makes of priests and people, that is to blame for the king's oath. Did she but follow the principles of the Master, renouncing all pretensions to temporal sovereignty, and teaching and preaching the gospel as he gave it, there would be no occasion for any such oaths as those to which we have re- GOVERNMENT BUILDING, BL \ \TRES, ARGENTINA State laws, treaties, constitutions, etc.; to absolve from obedience thereto, as soon as they seem detrimental to the rights of the church, or those of the clergy. 4. The Pope possesses the right of ad-monishing and, if needs be, of punishing the temporal rulers, emperors, and kings, as well as of drawing before the spiritual forum any case in which a mortal sin occurs. 5. The Pope has the right to absolve from oaths and obedience to the persons and the laws of the princes whom he ex-communicates. 6. The Pope can release from every obligation, oath, vow, either before or after being made. 7. The executions of papal commands for the persecution of heretics causes re-mission of sins. 8. He who kills one that is excom- 