16  LIBERTY denomination that had suffered from re-ligious persecution was opposed to tak-ing any steps that would be the initiative to the renewal of such persecutions. Well has it been said by the great scholar and thinker, Philip Schaff, " Secular power has proved a satanic gift to the  God "Ñ for the civil realm, not to dictate the religion of their citizens. " We ought to obey God rather than men." Again, Dr. Schaff says : " The church has nothing to do with the state except to obey its laws and strengthen its moral foundations. The ¥ state has nothing to   do with the church except to protect her in her property and liberty; and the state must be equally just to all forms of be-lief and unbelief which do not endanger the public safety." This is the ideal. It can be real-ized only where there is a peace-ful separation between religion and the state. This condition is best exemplified in Ñ The Government of the United States It was left for America to abolish the tyranny of a state religion. This government se-cured for its citizens the most sacred of all rights and liberties, the right of free worship. Re-ligious freedom of all is Amer-ica's gift to the philosophy of government. It furnishes the first example of a nation delib-erately depriving itself of all control of religion. Time has proved the wisdom of this plan. The historian Bancroft, speak-ing of this in his history of the reformation of the Constitution, CHAMPION OF REL-IGLOUAlpayS:Ñ " Vindicating the right of in-dividuality even in religion, and in religion above all, the new nation dared to set the example of accepting in its relations to God the principle first divinely ordained in Judea. It left the management of tem-poral things to the temporal power; but the American Constitution, in harmony with the people of the several States, withheld from the federal government the power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul ; and not from indifference. but that the infinite spirit of eternal truth \ lCIOR EMMANUEL Ill, A LIBERTY AND TOTAL SEPARATION OF CHURCH AND STATE IN ITALY church, and ecclesiastical power has proved an engine of tyranny in the hands of the state." It is not profitable either to religion or to the state for the two to be united. Each has its specific sphere, and its work to do. Christ, the author of Christianity, said, " My king-dom is not of this world." He rebuked Peter for drawing the sword even in de-fense of his Master. Citl governments are necessary. " The powers that be are ordained of 