LIBERTY loved their religion, but they loved free-dom also ; and for loving freedom they were cursed, anathematized, and des-poiled by the church of Rome ! They did not believe the pope to be infallible, and for this they were consigned to eter-nal torment in the world to come ! " In open opposition to the principles of the Roman Catholic Church, in open opposi-tion to the wishes and commands of popes, and in open opposition to the tradi-tional attitude of the papal hierarchy on the question of religious liberty, the Eng-lish barons by force of arms secured from the king, who was subservient to the pope of Rome, the great charter. Query : Was Bourke Cockran justified in claiming credit for the Catholic Church in securing Magna Charta? and was the Catholic Church the " only force " which maintained its provisions? The assertion that the papacy has al-ways been the champion of liberty can be justified only by perverting history. An Interesting Parallel THAT study of history is in vain which does not enable us to interpret the present and to avoid the errors of the past. This principle applies with great force in the field of religious liberty, where history is now repeating itself. In the time of Henry III of England, there was a bitter struggle between the pope of Rome, aided by an army of Italian priests appointed for that very purpose, on the one hand, and the sub-jects of the king on the other hand. As one incident of this struggle we learn : Š The English bishops, stimulated by the pope, claimed jurisdiction over civil af-fairs, upon the pretense that there was hardly any case but what religion was concerned with,Š the logical result of the papal demand that the pope shall be regarded as infallible upon all questions of morals as well as of faith. Compare with this statement the fol- lowing extract from the resolutions pre-sented by the Committee on the Church and Modern Industry at the recent meeting of the Federal Council of Churches: Š It [the church] must give itself fear-lessly and passionately to the further-ance of all reforms by which it believes that the weak may be protected, the un-scrupulous restrained, injustice abol-ished, equity of opportunity secured, and wholesome conditions of life established. Nothing that concerns human life can be alien to the church of Christ. Inasmuch as these proposed reforms are the legitimate object of civil govern-ment, and, as the world is now consti-tuted, can be secured only by legislation, it follows that when the church gives it-self " fearlessly and passionately " to the work of securing these reforms, it must of necessity enter into the sphere of civil affairs, mingle religion and civil gov-ernment, and employ the influence of the church in the affairs of the state. The result of this illegitimate union of church and state during that period of English history already referred to is forcibly described in these words : Š It would be impossible to enumerate, indeed, within a compass less than a volume, the outrages and enormities practised in England during this gloomy period by kings and popes, who consid-ered the assertion of any single popular right as a crime which God had ap-pointed them to punish !. The power, op-pressions, and vices of the papacy had nearly reached their culminating point, and the pure religion of Christ and his apostles, which was designed to purify and refine the heart and soul of man, was entirely subordinated to temporal and selfish ends, and made to play the ignoble part of ministering to the worldly am-bition of the popes and their prostituted army of ecclesiastics. Even though the purpose of the rep-resentatives of the churches may now be to bring relief to those who are op-pressed by rampant greed, yet they ought to regard the lesson, repeated so many 