-EQUAL AND EXACT JUSTICE TO ALL MEN, OF WHATEVER STATE OR PERSUASION, RE-LIGIOUS OR POLITICAL." ŠTHOS JEFFERSON. Various Principles Applied to Sunday Laws By Milton C. Wilcox Good Helping Evil AN evil principle put into effect by a good man is more potent in its harm than its exercise by a bad man; for the moral influence of the good man will weigh in favor of all he advocates. A reliable business man could pass a counterfeit note without suspicion, whereas a strange, depraved-looking person would be suspected under the most favorable circumstances. Principles and measures should be weighed and accepted because of their in-trinsic worth, not because advocated by men however high in position or in the estimation of their fellows. The Golden Rule True and intelligent Christians will never seek to control the religious or nonreligious opinions of even a single man, save by the law of love and the method of persuasion and rea-son. They know in their own experience that Christ did not compel their allegiance by force; he won it by love. As did Christ toward them, so will they do toward others. And this is the golden rule. The law of Christianity is per-suasion, not force. Says the great apostle to the Gentiles: " Not that we have lordship over your faith, but are helpers of your joy: for by faith ye stand." 2 Car. 1: 24, A. R. V. " Knowing therefore the fear of the Lord, we persuade men." 2 Cor. 5: 11. " Persuade," beseech," " entreat," " whosoever will," is the language of the gospel. What is Rest? Is it rest to you, reader, to lay aside all man-ual labor, attend church, read, idle about, eat a good dinner, and go to sleep? You meet the letter of Sunday law. But your neighbor  Smith, lean, sallow, nervous, has wrought within doors all the week at his desk. He needs, and feels he must have, a change on Sunday; so he works in his garden in the morn; ing, and goes to a park or attends a baseball game in the afternoon. This is rest, real re-freshing rest to Smith. Yet a Sunday law, professedly to give rest to the toiler, would make Smith's resting a crime and Smith a criminal. Reader, candidly, do you want such a law/ Do you wish to make Smith a criminal and enemy, or hold him as neighbor and friend? Usurping Divine Prerogatives To assume the control of conscience Š and all religious legislation enters that domain Šis to usurp the authority of God, is to put the human in place of the divine. Now A may be in the right and B in the wrong in a reli-gious controversy; but what authority has either to decide for the other? or what right or authority has the civil tribunal to determine the issue? Each and both are responsible to God alone for conscience and religious con-viction. God, the spiritual One, is the Judge. Whoa° therefore assumes the judgeship in a religious controversy under penalty of law Šand that is what a Sunday law is in whatever guise Š usurps the place of God. Even the Christ came not to judge, but to save; and he then declared, " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." The word of God's truth will judge " in the last day." See John 12:47, 48. Who is to be Protected? Human government is a device not to protect the many against the few, but to protect and secure the few against the many; not to pro- 39 