180  LIBERTY a hot iron, of being compelled to work in the chain-gang, of fines and imprison-ment for violations of the " Sunday blue-laws," which our forefathers did not suc-ceed in eradicating from the various local constitutions. These enemies of relig-ious freedom have been left in the land to prove such of us as have not known all the fierce and costly struggles for re-ligious freedom, to teach us so to fight such battles and to value the victories al-ready won as to preserve this precious heritage to ourselves and to our posterity. Let us not be as recreant to our duty as was Israel in subduing the remnant of their enemies, and allow our enemies to lead us into captivity and bondage time and again. Let us arise and finish the work so nobly begun by the founders of the national government, until we are not only free in theory, but " free in-deed " in word and deed. We must not be content with what our f',refathers have accomplished, and with building monuments of fame to perpet-uate their noble deeds and sacred mem- ories. The best way to honor them and their deeds is to carry out their purposes, by " knocking off " the " shackles " which have remained with us so long, and which are growing heavier year by year. Un-less this is done, the days of our pros-perity, peace, and freedom are numbered, and Delilah (the symbol of the church) will secretly entice Samson (the symbol of the state) and rob him of his strength and liberty by shearing off his flowing locks, binding him hand and foot, and forcing him in his blindness to tread over the same beaten track of the slaves of the past, grinding grist for his enemies. May this not be the fate of the modern Samson, the colossal giant of nations ; but if this republic is going to court the favors and listen to the entreaties of the great religious combine that is under-mining the pillars of our government by incessantly demanding religious legisla-tion, " our rights " erelong " will expire in a convulsion." It is time for the watchmen to awake, blow the trumpet, and sound the alarm.  c. s. L. tit Voluntary Religion THE American theory of the relation-ship between church and state is vastly different from that which is recognized in nearly all the other countries of the world. Principles were adopted at the time of the founding of our government which have never been recognized in other countries, but the benign results that have attended the adoption of a total separation of church and state and the making of religion and religious func-tions voluntary acts of faith, have ex-erted a tremendous influence among other nations in favor of liberty in relig-ious matters. It was a bold step that the founders of our republic took in divorcing relig-ion from civil enactments. No nation in the past had ever ventured to try the experiment. All nations had entertained the belief that the church could not exist an American Policy unless it was united with the state, and that the state would not be secure unless it adopted the prevailing religion. In fact, they believed that both the church and the state would be cursed of God unless they were united and each sup-ported the other. So every nation in the past has had an established worship and a national religion of its own. The American patriots, as they read the history of these nations, soon dis-covered that nearly every page of their history was stained with the blood of martyrs. They saw that religious des-pots and tyranny had influenced and swayed the civil scepter to coerce the consciences of the individual and the minority. They believed that the rights of the individual and the consciences of the minority were just as sacred in relig-ious matters, and should be protected 