106 LIBERTY handling mails; now, it is unblushingly insisted that the government shall become aggressively the champion of the Chris-tian religion and of its institutions to the extent not only of ceasing its own activi-ties upon the " Christian sabbath," but also of forcing the observance of Sunday upon the individual citizen, at least to the extent of requiring him to refrain upon that day from his ordinary pursuits. But Richard M. Johnson and his fel-low committeemen were right, fourscore  years ago, when they took the position that the intent of the Constitution was not only to inhibit the establishment and en-dowment of a state church, but to with-hold from Congress the power to deter-mine for anybody any religious question, or to impose upon any the discharge of any religious obligation. Anything less than this would mean a practical union of church and state, and with it the sub-version of American liberty, the denial of fundamental principles. C. P. B. "The Invisible Rulers" are Invisible Foes OF late quite a little has been said in Catholic publications about the see of Rome being " the invisible sovereign " of every government in every land, and the cardinals " the invisible rulers " of their respective countries, as the real " princes of the blood." Some one has wisely remarked that the most terrible and most treacherous enemy is one who is invisible. You can openly combat and hope to conquer the foe that is before you in the open, with all advantages equal ; but the greater dan-ger is in the hidden, invisible enemy who lies in wait for you like a hungry lion crouching to spring upon his prey. This is, however, exactly the kind of warfare that is being conducted by the " invis-ible " foes of free speech, a free press, and religious liberty in America. Nor Are the federated organizations of the Catholic Church the only " invisible " foes who are seeking to tear down the pillars of human liberty as guaranteed by the Federal Constitution. Some Prot-estant organizations and sects are em-ployed as the visible agents of an " in-visible sovereign," who keeps in the background, while her agents undermine the principles of civil and religious free-dom upon which the Republic is founded. In a stealthy, scheming method, these agents of tyranny are endeavoring to have the national government commit it-self to the old system of a union of re- ligion with the state. All sorts of under-hand tricks in politics are resorted to in getting their schemes launched upon the legislative sea. You ask, Do not these invisible agen-cies love liberty? Indeed they love lib-erty intensely, as Judas did the silver for which he betrayed his Master ! . They love to possess it, but only for themselves Religious liberty to them means only re-ligious liberty for them, and abject sub-mission for all others. That is the kind of liberty the tyrant and the despot be-lieve in. The tyrant on the throne may say, " My government is a free admin-istration because I am free to do as I please." A free republic is a republic only in name when it allows the majority to coerce the consciences of the minority in matters that pertain only to God and religion. The Tyranny of the Majority That is exactly what some Protestant organizations are advocating concerning the enforcement of Sunday laws upon those who happen to differ with them upon this question. They say the sev-enth-day observer should be compelled by statute to observe Sunday also, be-cause he is in the minority. If he ever swings his minority into the majority column, then he can exact a penalty of his former oppressors and even up ac-counts. This was the logic of a speech 