38 LIBERTY exceed ten stripes. The New Haven code of laws, more severe still, ordered that " profanation of the Lord's day shall be punished by fine, imprisonment, or corpo-ral punishment; and if proudly, and with a high hand against the authority of God Š with death." Lists of arrests and fines for walking and traveling unnecessarily on the Sabbath might be given in great numbers, and it was especially o r - dered that none should "ride violently to and from meeting." Many a pious New Englander, in olden days, was fined for his ungodly pride, and his desire to " show off " his " new colt" as he "rode vio-lently" up to the meeting-house green on Sabbath morn. One of-fender explained in excuse of his unnecessary driving on the Sabbath that he had been to visit a sick rel-ative, but his excuse was not ac-cepted. A Maine man who was rebuked and fined for " unseemly walking " on the Lord's day pro-tested that he ran to save a man from drowning. The court made him pay his fine, but ordered that the money should be returned to him when he could prove by witnesses that he had been on that errand of mercy and duty. As late as the year 1831, in Lebanon, Conn., a lady journeying to her father's home was arrested within sight of her father's house for unnecessary traveling on the Sabbath ; and a long and fiercely contested lawsuit was the result. Damages were finally given for false imprisonment. Sabbath-breaking by visiting abounded in staid Worcester town to a most base extent, but was severely punished, as local records show. In Belfast, Maine, in 1776, a meet-ing was held to get the " Town's Mind " with regard to a plan to restrain visiting on the Sabbath. The time had passed when such offenses could be punished either by fine or imprisonment, so it was voted " that if any person makes unnecessary vizits on  the Sabeth, They shall be Look't on with Contempt." This was the universal ex-pression throughout the Puritan colonies; and looked on with contempt are Sabbath-breakers and Sabbath-slighters in New England to the present day. Even if they committed no active offense, the colonists could not passively neglect the church and its duties. As late as 1774 the First Church Roxbury fined non-attendance at public worship. In 1760 the legislature of Massachusetts passed the law that " any person able of Body who shall absent themselves from publick worship of God on the Lord's day shall pay ten shillings fine." By the Connecticut code ten shillings was the fine, and the law was not suspended until the year 1770. By the New Haven code five shillings w a s the fine for non-attendance a t church, and the offender w a s often punished as well. Cap-tain Dennison, one of New Haven's most popular and re-spected citizens, was fined fif-t e e n shillings for absence from church. William Blag- den, who lived in New Haven, in 1647, was " brought up " for absence from meeting. He pleaded that he had fallen into the water late on Saturday, could light no fire on Sun- day to dry his clothes, and so had lain in bed to keep warm while his only suit of gar- ments was drying. In spite of this seemingly fair excuse, Blagden was found guilty of " sloathefulness and sentenced to be " pub- liquely whipped." Of course the Quakers contributed liberally to the support of the court, and were fined in great numbers for refusing to attend the church, which they hated, and which also warmly abhorred them; and they were zealously set in the stocks, and whipped and caged and pilloried as well,Š whipped if they came and ex- pressed any dissatisfaction, and whipped if they stayed away. Not content with strict observance of the ENFORCING THE SUNDAY LAW 