LIBERTY 25 generally? Has it benefited the people in other countries where it has been intro-duced? These are a few of the questions which the champions of the Lord's Day Al-liance are called upon to answer. If they can be proved in the affirmative, then I say, as a liberty-loving British subject and a Newfoundlander, and, above all, one who loves justice, by all means let the good work go on, and bid it Godspeed. But if, after a fair, candid, and unbiased discus-sion, the reverse should be proved true, what then? Right here, Mr. Editor, permit me to drop a thought with reference to the matter, as I understand it. The Lord's Day Alliance aims to secure for all people a day of rest, which is, indeed, a most laud-able object, and one in which I think Chris-tians of.  all denominations can unite; but the difference between the advocates of the Lord's Day Alliance on the one hand, and Mr. Keslake on the other, is not so much the ' securing' of a day of rest, as the ' means' by which it is to be secured. Let us suppose, for instance, that the Lord's Day Alliance in Newfoundland will pursue the same course as the parent organization in Canada in order to secure the day of rest, namely, by civil enactment, and thereby release from toil those who are laboring seven days a week, giving them one day off in seven in which to rest. Will this be a full solution of the problem? Is there not another side to the, question? If I un-derstand rightly, such enactment will be valueless unless there is provided a clause by which it can be enforced, either by fine, forfeiture, or imprisonment, or both. That being so, the same act which purports to give liberty to one citizen, deprives another of that same precious heritage, whose only fault is that he exercises his God-given right to labor. That, Mr. Editor, is some-thing which I do not understand, and upon which I would like Mr. Darby to throw some light. " Again, Mr. Editor, past history, both sacred and profane, furnishes abundant testimony that the names of great and learned men, though they may stand high in, the esteem of their countrymen, and in the majority, can not always be taken as a guarantee that the movement they support is a righteous one; if that were so, then you could justify all the persecutions of the past, even to the crucifixion of the Lord of life and glory. " In conclusion, I would suggest to the leaders of our various denominations not to be hasty in taking a step that would in any way compel the consciences of men, but to unite their voices in proclaiming the glad tidings of a risen Christ, presenting his claims to the sinner, and then as his ambassadors, and in his name, pleading with them to be reconciled to God." Christ's Example BEWARE the politican who seeks to steal the livery of heaven in which to serve his partizan ends. Christ himself was con-cededly the first Christian minister and preacher, and as such he was the example to all who would carry his message of love and life to the world, even as he was the highest example of the art of noble living to all men. He never interfered with the administration of the civil law, and when tempted by his opponents to express an opinion on the subject, he returned that immortal answer, " Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's."Š Mayor James C. Haynes, of Minneapolis, Minn. "In God We Trust" CONGRESS seems determined to restore " In God We Trust " to our coins. The House has passed a bill to that effect by an overwhelming majority, and the Senate will undoubtedly do likewise. There was a good deal of the maudlin indulged in by some of the members favoring the bill, and some whose excessively religious tendencies had never been noted before, shone conspic-uously in speeches which were designed to read well among the old folks back home. Mr. Gordon, of Tennessee, rather harshly criticized the performance as " a piece of farcical hypocrisy." President Roosevelt was right when, in removing the motto, he declared its exist-ence upon the coins had no religious sig-nificance. If we are to inscribe the words, " In God We Trust," upon our coins, why may we not with equal propriety stamp them on our bullets? Why not cut them on the blades of our bayonets? Each does a service for the American government, and the work of war has, in its essence, just as much connection with God and his divine 