President Taft's Decision of the Religious Garb Question ALMOST exactly eight months after Hon. Robert G. Valentine, former Com-missioner of Indian Affairs, issued his now-famous circular order, No. 6o1, re-lating to the wearing of religious garb in Indian schools conducted by the gov-ernment, President Taft made public his decision permanently revoking the order which he had temporarily suspended only a few days after it was issued. The public hearing before the Secre-tary of the Interior, held April 8, 1912, has already been reported in LIBERTY, and the masterly argument of the Com-missioner of Indian Affairs, presented at that time, has been printed in full. It, therefore, only remains to consider Pres-ident Taft's decision and the findings of the Secretary of the Interior upon which it was based. After a somewhat lengthy argument, in which the legal and Constitutional phases of the question were quite fully discussed, the Secretary of the Interior arrived at the conclusion that the ques-tion involved is one of administrative policy which does not involve the Consti-tutional provision for the separation of church and state; and he therefore thought it unnecessary to adopt any rule requiring those teachers now employed by the government to lay aside their re-ligious garb ; while, at the same time, he recognizes the desirability of eliminating this religious feature from government schools by not employing any additional members of religious orders as teachers. The gist of his argument, taken from his letter, may be found in the following paragraphs:Š There is no federal statute prohibiting the use of a distinctive garb by teachers in the Indian schools. It is, therefore, not unlawful to permit the use of such a garb,' nor would it be unlawful to pro- 20 hibit the further use thereof if, in the judgment of the Secretary of the Inte-rior, who is given authority over these schools, it is wise to adopt such a regu-lation. The objection urged against the garb is that in and of itself it constitutes sec-tarian teaching. I do not think that this is true in any accurate use of the word teaching. What is really meant is that the wearing of the garb exerts an influ-ence upon the pupils which is favorable to the particular religious creed or sys-tem of its wearers, and I'believe that the natural tendency to take advantage of the influence thus acquired in a distinctly sectarian fashion and for distinctly sec-tarian ends is a sufficient reason for. pro-viding against the extension of the practise and for its gradual but certain elimination. It is to the interest of the Indians that, as promptly as it can be wisely done, the issue which must con-stantly arise from this practise shall be removed from 'the field of religious or sectarian controversy, and that sectarian and religious controversy shall be re-moved from the Indian Service. The secretary further declares his con-viction that it is " unnecessary and un-wise " to exclude at once all distinctive religious garb from the schools and to dismiss those who continue to wear it. After his review of this letter, Presi- dent Taft made the following state-ment : Š This solution, it seems to me, is very equitable as to existing conditions, is quite in accordance with the purpose of Congress, and ought to satisfy all per-sons in interest of the purpose of the Interior Department to do equity, and at the same time to carry out the Congres-sional intent. The action of the Secretary of the In-terior is, therefore, approved. It appears, however, that the Presi-dent's expectation was not realized, as " all persons in interest " were by no means satisfied with the decision pro- 