Fundamental Principles of Religious Liberty J. M. ELLIS Goo requires his creatures to worship him, and such requirement carries with it the right to worship him; for God would not ask a man to do a thing he has no right to do. This demand is made on the ground of God's being our cre-ator, hence the right to worship him lies in the creation of things, and as such grows out of the very nature of things. Such a right is evidently inalienable, and is therefore called an inalienable right. Now all human beings owe their existence to creation, and are, therefore, on an equality in that which gives rise to their existence. Hence we hold these truths (which some deny) to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, and that they are endowed with certain inalienable rights, among which is liberty. Now since all are equal in the sight of God and in the eyes of the law, since all sprang from the same creation, and since rights sprang from the same source, it follows that no creature has a monopoly on rights. All are equal before God in the exercise of such rights. In other words, since rights and humanity both owe their existence to the very same act of God, it is evident that we are all on the same footing as regards those rights, and no one has a superiority in the exercise thereof. Since there is no superiority in the exercise of these rights, it follows that no man can of right interfere with an-other in the exercise of such rights. He must in the very nature of things, al-low him liberty to exercise those rights. Such liberty, from a religious standpoint, is religious liberty; and as such, from the standpoint of rights, can never be withheld from any creature. Hence we conclude that one fundamental principle of religious liberty is inalienable rights in matters of conscience. In the Scriptural saying, " Choose you this day whom ye will serve," we  see that even God himself does not in-terfere in the exercise of our inalienable rights. Why, then, should any man pre-sume to interfere? God tells us of the blessings that will follow a good choice, and of the evil consequences of a bad choice, but he does this because the consequences also are inalienable, and not because the con-sequences are arbitrary. God does noth-ing arbitrarily; for an arbitrary act is an act for which no reason can be given. But there are reasons why certain re-sults should follow certain choices. Those reasons are as natural as are the rights of choice. A mother does not caution her child against touching a red-hot stove because she will make the stove burn the child on account of its violation of her word, but because it is in the very nature of a red-hot stove to burn what touches it. The mother, by com-pulsion, can keep her child from getting burned; and some have concluded that compulsory laws can save a man from hell. If they could, God would do the compelling, or at least authorize some one to do it for him ; but since he does not compel, it must inevitably follow that compulsion in religious matters does not save one from the conse-quences of a bad choice. If an overt violation were the only kind of violation in existence, then could men be saved by compulsion ; but since the violation of every law must exist in one's desires, before ever the violation becomes overt, and since compulsion can not stop the desires, it follows that compulsion can not save. The consequences follow the violation of the spirit of law, as inevitably as they follow the violation of the letter. Now no man can prevent another from exercising his mind in a bad channel. Neither can God, unless he invades that being's inalienable rights, and thus makes of man a mere machine ; but this God can not do, in justice to '9 