16 LIBERTY " Be it known unto thee, 0 king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up." Dan. 3:18. " Since the closing of the saloons the pool-rooms have become one of the most demoral-izing places of resort. If for no other reason, its repeal should be prevented. Wherein it falls short of a good law, we can then ask the next Legislature, which convenes in January, to amend it. Should it be repealed, it will be more difficult to get a new law enacted. Will not every pastor urge his congregation to vote No. 313, and thus cast their ballots against the repeal of the law? Also appoint a com-mittee to work at the polls." He should have known before he gave such general counsel to all the churches to appoint committees to " work at the polls," that Sec. 3518 of Lord's Oregon Laws forbids any one in the State to electioneer on the day of election, either for a nominee or for a measure; but it appears he is not well informed along the line of what the State law requires. The Oregonian of July 4, 1916, thus quoted Mr. Tufts : Š " So we will try out the question in Novem-ber whether the people want a Sunday law by taking the field against the Kellaher repeal measure. We expect to snow his measure under by a heavy vote. In this way we will demonstrate to the Legislature that the people of Oregon want a Sunday-rest law. Then we will ask the next Legislature to amend the existing law so as to make it an up-to-date, effective statute, free from any unjust dis-criminations." Mr. Tufts admits, then, that the late law was unjust and discriminatory, but he took the field in favor of retaining it. The question was tried out, and the people decided they did not want Sunday, Saturday, or any other day of compul-sory rest. But after the election, when the Sunday law was repealed by a ma-jority vote of 32,163, Dr. Tufts said, " The recent vote on the Sunday law of Oregon was not a test of principle of six days of business and labor to constitute a working week."Š Oregon Journal, Nov. 13, 1916. That vote to be taken  in November, it was said, would " try out the question; " but seeing the statute was repealed, it " was not a test." " We expect to snow his measure un-der by a heavy vote."Š Oregonian, July 4, 1916. But after the election is over, the same writer says, " The majority for the repeal was not so large as was ex-pected."Š Oregon Journal, Nov. 13, 1916. " The Weekly Rest Day League was never fully satisfied with the old statute," said Dr. Tufts in the Oregonian, Nov. 13, 1916. An honest confession is good for the soul. A majority of 32,163 of the voters were not satisfied with it either. Yet Dr. Tufts still persists in prescrib-ing such forced, rest " for their best good." The blue law has gone to its quiet resting place : may honor ever be accred-ited to Oregon's people for the wisdom displayed in its interment. Punished for Being an Unbeliever THE Washington Herald of Dec. 7, 1916, gave a news item of the prosecu-tion of the Rev. Michael Mockus, a Uni-tarian clergyman of Waterbury, Conn., whose case will come before a Connecti-cut jury shortly. The offense charged is that this clergyman stated publicly that he did not believe the Bible account of Adam's sin by the eating of an apple, nor the account of a big fish swallowing Jonah. Mr. Mockus is being prosecuted under an old statute which was passed two hun-dred and seventy-four years ago, when there was a union of church and state in Connecticut. This old statute provides a penalty for any person " who calls into question any portion of the Holy Writ." " Forbear thee from meddling with God, . . . that he destroy thee not." 2 Chron. 35: 21. 