N;98  LIBERTY 12. Because such laws encourage cit-izens to act as spies upon their neighbors who do not agree with them in matters of religion. 13. Because such laws interfere with the religious freedom, even of those who regard Sunday as a day of rest. 14. Because such laws destroy the peace and domestic tranquillity of citi-zens, by invading the rights of conscience on the question of Sabbath observance. 15. Because Sunday laws are designed to protect a certain day of the week, in-stead of the citizens. 16. Because such legislation is a gov-ernmental prop in support of the Sunday institution, which is devoid of divine au-thority. 17. Because such laws deprive the cit-izen of the right of choice in the matter of Sabbath observance. i8. Because such laws tend to produce a religious monopoly. 19. Because such laws make an act criminal on Sunday that is perfectly proper on other days of the week. 20. Because such laws promote hypoc-risy, by making persons appear to be re-ligious through compulsory rest on Sun-day. 21. Because such laws are a violation of the golden rule, which says : " What-soever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." 22. Because such legislation puts the state in the place of God, in that the state assumes the responsibility of dictating to the citizen when and how he shall ob-serve the Sabbath. 23. Because Sabbath observance is to be rendered to God and not to civil gov-ernment, according to Christ's words, " Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's and to God the things that are God's." THE whole history of the Christian religion shows that she is in far greater danger of being corrupted by the alli-ance of power than of being crushed by its opposition.Ñ Lord Macaulay. Public Opinion Pertinent Extracts from Various Writers Relating to Religious Liberty Government and Religion THE less the state government has to do with questions that concern religion in any way, the better for the state and for religion.Ñ St. Louis Post-Despatch, March 7, 1909. ¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥ The Purpose Behind Sunday Laws IF Sunday, as you [another writer] say, is merely a rest day, so made by law, and all forms of amusement should be barred chiefly because those who con-tribute to this amusement will be com-pelled to labor on that day, then we would have to do away with Sunday lectures, the pulpit, and all forms of Sunday labor. The preacher works with greater zest on that day; the musicians, the choir, all contributing to the enter-tainment of those who attend churches, work no whit less hard than the members of some dramatic company, and in a certain sense to the same end Ñ enter-tainment. And if Sunday is to be regarded merely as a rest day, how about the housewife at home, or the domestic, or the vast army of hotel waiters, or the employees at cafes and restaurants, who find the burden of work as great as on any other day, if not greater? . . . Why not let the people have their choice as to how they shall spend their rest day, always barring on Sunday any-thing that should be barred on Monday, Tuesday, or any day in the week Ñ any-thing vicious? . . . The fact always remains that in all legislation restricting certain amusements on Sunday, the governing motive is a desire to coerce those whose sentiments in regard to the sacredness of the day 