ONE OF THE CHIEF SQUARES IN ROME, ITALY LIBERTY 131 worship," as the proof of its positive being. Anything short of this is to strangle the conscience and produce hy-pocrisy. For the state to define the limit of religious service under legal restraints, is at best a mild form of persecution under color of toleration, which of itself implies more or less disap-p r o v a 1. Toleration, being but a human gift of expediency, can be withdrawn at the pleasure of those who bestow it; but the rights of liberty are heaven-born, and rest upon divine and eter-nal principles. There-fore liberty in religious matters cannot prop-erly be regulated by the state, and so should not be considered as under human jurisdiction. Not only does liberty of conscience in-here as a gift of God, but each individual is by this authorized to make known to others his convictions of what constitutes right forms of worship. Yet in the days of James I of England, history records that the laws of that time denied to Cath-olics the right to educate their children in their peculiar faith, because popery was then regarded as an enemy of liberty in both church and state. Indeed, Hal-lam (book 3, page 169) quotes this sen-tence from a pamphlet of 1681, entitled " The Zealous and Impartial Protes-tant : "Š Liberty of conscience and toleration are things only to be talked of and pretended to by those that are under; but none like or think it reasonable that are in authority. The same sentiment has been advanced in a much later day, as witnesses the pa-pal Syllabus of 1864. The opinion, too, seems to become more contagious as time goes on; for it is beginning to permeate various communities and to mold public action, as may be testified by those who  watch the signs of the times. It will pay well to mark the symptoms of these days, and learn what they mean to the earnest, honest seeker for vital truth. Glendale, Cal. The Bible Censored OVER in England they have a little paper called the War on the War Ga-zette. So many things in this paper were censored and ordered cut from it that the editor finally decided to print quota-tions from the Bible, without comment. Accordingly, he made up a column of texts, among them the following: Š " Strive not with a man without cause, if he have done thee no harm." Prov. 3: 3o. " Thou shalt not kill." Ex. 20 : 13. "All they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." Matt. 26: 52. " For the leaders of the people cause them to err; and they that are led of them are destroyed." Isa. 9: 16. Sure enough the censor cut all these quotations out. The war god will have no other gods before him.Š Selected. HE who assumes to coerce his fellow man in things spiritual asserts thereby his own infallibility, and in effect makes himself a god. 