LIBERTY 113 cise thereof." Some thought it was un-necessary. Mr. Madison, the author of the bill, urged its adoption because he " feared one sect might obtain a pre-eminence, or two combine together and establish a religion to which they would compel others to conform." According to Samuel Zane Batten, who is prominent in arranging for the Second World's Christian Citizenship Conference, one great purpose of the gathering is the " mobilization of the forces of good throughout the Christian world to combat tendencies that are evil." Further, he stated that " one of the more immediate devices will be the organization of churches and social wel-fare societies and leagues in such a man-ner that when any legislation designed to further the great program is pending in any State, all of these elements can throw their combined strength into a lobby for it." This looks as if Madison, the young statesman, was far-seeing. It also looks as if the danger he foresaw was on the point of realization. It is time for the lovers of liberty to awake to the danger that threatens their freedom. College Place, Wash. tV tV Over Thirty Thousand Protests POSTMASTER-GENERAL BURLESON re-cently received a petition which con-tained over thirty thousand names pro-testing against the present law which prohibits the opening of first- and second-class post-offices for the purpose of de-livering mail to the general public on Sunday. This petition was so large that it could not be easily sent through the mails, and was consequently wrapped to-gether in one large roll and sent by ex-press to the Postmaster-General. The governors of eight States, together with thirty thousand business men from all parts of the country, signed the petition, begging the Postmaster-General to use his influence to have the usual mail-mat-ter pass through the post-offices to the public on Sundays as it did prior to the  passage of the obnoxious Sunday-law rider that was attached to the Post-office Appropriation Bill during the last ses-sion of Congress. Most of these business men are trav-eling men who have their mail for the whole week forwarded to a certain town or city where they plan to stop over POSTMASTER-GENERAL BURLESON Who recently received over thirty thousand protests from business men.  Sunday, and then are unable to secure it till Monday morning, and frequently not at all. This proves again that Sun-day laws restore no rights to any one which he does not already possess, but deprive many of their natural .rights. Every lover of liberty should join these eight governors and thirty thou-sand business men in their earnest pro-tests, and send petition after petition to Congress asking it to look with disfavor upon all requests for Sunday legislation because such legislation is religious, un-just, and unconstitutional. An oppor-tunity is now given to protest against 