22 LIBERTY " We hold these truths to be self-evi-dent : that all men are created equal ; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights ; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the con-sent of the governed." A Pertinent Question Why was not such a statement put in the preamble as is desired at this time by the National Reformers ? Let this question be answered by the Ju-diciary Committee of the House of Representatives, whose action on the subject, in 1874, was embodied in the report, a facsimile of which appears on another page of this number of LIBERTY. If such phraseology as is suggested by the resolution of the National Reformers referred to above, and which is embodied in the bill H. R. No. 17, or S. J. Res. No. 86, had been inserted in the pream-ble by the framers of our Constitution, there would not have been written into that instrument Article VI, Section 3, which provides : Š " The senators and representatives, be-fore mentioned, and the members of the several State legislatures, and all execu-tive and judicial officers, both of the United States and of the several States, shall be bound by oath or affirmation to support this Constitution ; but no relig-ious test shall ever be required as a quali-fication to any office or public trust under the United States." Again : in 1791, four years after sign-ing and adopting the Constitution in Philadelphia, Congress felt that the Con-stitution did not contain a sufficient guar-antee of civil and religious liberty, and proposed ten amendments, the first of which is : Š " Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances." It must be apparent to the student of this question that the proposed amend-ment of the preamble of the Constitution would make absolutely necessary the amending of Article VI, Section 3, and the repeal of the first amendment, or the securing of a judiciary which would nul-lify the provisions referred to; for the following reasons: Š What Such an Amendment Will Entail I. It will be necessary to ascertain, prior to the election of an official, from the president down to the lowest political appointee, whether such prospective of-ficial will subscribe to the religious tenor of the preamble and is able to give evi-dence that he is a member of a church holding, these views. This is tantamount to " a religious test in order to hold office, and is in direct opposition to Ar-ticle VI, Section 3. 2. The first amendment provides that Congress shall not only make no law respecting an establishment of religion, but it goes further, by saying that Con-gress shall make no law " prohibiting the free exercise " of religion. These conclusions can not be disputed for an instant ; they are self-evident. The proposed amendment, if carried into effect, will be a step backward. It will repudiate the true American idea of civil government and religion, and challenge the quality of the Christianity which guided our forefathers in the grand work they did for humanity. It will mean, also, that the guarantee of " domestic tranquillity " set forth in the preamble of the Constitution will be dissipated in the wrangle which will surely come between the advocates of Christianity in America. There are at least two sects of Christians in this country which differ as to the " revealed will " of Jesus Christ, the manner of carrying it into effect, and by whom it is to be carried into effect. The Roman Catholic Christians in this country are as much entitled to give the nation's in-stitutions the Christian complexion as they see it as are the National Reform Christians. 