5 4 Religion and Science The Unsettled Controversy EDITORIAL IT is plain to any candid observer that the old controversy between Biblical re-ligion and the teachings of modern sci-ence is no nearer a final settlement than when the conflict was first begun. It is true that some who have been regarded as leaders of religious thought have attempted to bring about a recon-ciliation by yielding much of the ground to the claims of scientists, but great ques-tions are never settled by a compromise. The interpreters of modern science will be satisfied with nothing short of a com-plete denial of the supernatural; and while there are a few of the most ad-vanced thinkers in the theological field who have practically granted this claim, there is still a large number who have not yet departed so far from the old landmarks, while there is still another contingent who maintain the old beliefs and place the authority of the Scriptures above the deductions of modern science. The latest word of science concerning this controversy is found in " Science and Immortality," by Sir Oliver Lodge, which has recently appeared. From this we learn that the very nub of the con-troversy is found in the nature and being of God and in his relation to his created works. To quote: Š " How can it be said that the atmos-phere of modern science and the atmos-phere of religious faith are incompat-ible? Wherein lies the incompatibility? My reply briefly is Š and this is the kernel of what I have to say Š that or-thodox modern science shows us a self-contained and self-sufficient universe, not in touch with anything beyond or above itself,Š the general trend and outline of it known; nothing supernatural or mirac-ulous, no intervention of beings other than ourselves being conceived possi-ble." " Is the world controlled by a living  Person, accessible to prayer, influenced by love, able and willing to foresee, to intervene, to guide and wistfully lead, without compulsion, spirits in some sort akin to himself ? Or is the world a self-generated, self-controlled machine, com-plete and fully organized for movement. either up or down, for progress or de-generation, according to the chances of heredity and the influence of environ-ment ? " We have long maintained that a con-sistent evolutionist could not believe in such a personal God as is revealed in the Scriptures, and we think it a decided ad-vantage to the cause of religion that the leading exponent of modern science should now distinctly disavow his belief in any personal Being as the Creator and Ruler of the universe. This makes the ground of the controversy clear, and from this standpoint we shall discuss this question in this department of this mag-azine. God in Nature MRS. E. G. WHITE THE things of nature upon which we look to-day give us but a faint concep-tion of Eden's beauty and glory. Yet much that is beautiful remains. Nature testifies that One infinite in power, great in goodness, mercy, and love, created the earth, and filled it with life and gladness. Even in their blighted state, all things reveal the handiwork of the great Master Artist. Though sin has marred the form and beauty of the things of nature, though on them may be seen traces of the work of the prince of the power of the air, yet they still speak of God. In the briers, the thistles, the thorns, the tares, we may read the law of condem-nation; but from the beauty of natural things, and from their wonderful adapta-tion to our needs and our happiness, we may learn that God still loves us, that 