LIBERTY  161 permit." While this is a correct legal definition, you can readily see that the laws might be such as to leave no liberty whatever. It might be liberty with the gallows alongside it and extend only the length of a chain. Therefore, I say, no nation which desires to be free must ever permit the invasion, by law, of inherent human rights. . . . These are inalienable rights, which means that they cannot be taken away, except under a despotic and tyrannical government. either by law or even a vote of the ma-jority. Those who are now at work throttling these liberties under the pre-tense of curing a supposed evil are, in the language of Abraham Lincoln, " the vanguard, the miners and sappers of re-turning despotism." " We must repulse them," he said, " or they will subju-gate us." This, my friends, is the issue. In its moral, social, and political aspects it overshadows in importance every other issue of the present day, although the politicians are dodging it in every way possible. The reformers, the " better-than-thous," are evidently no longer im-bued with the American spirit. They sneer at us when we assert the principle of personal liberty. . . . For a mere fad and to gratify their whims they are ready to barter the Constitutional guaranties of the American Bill of Rights for laws that will put the people under perpetual guardianship. And many a good man they have fooled ; but, after all, I believe with Abraham Lincoln that you cannot fool all the people all the time. . . . Let me tell these reformers here and now that there is a principle at stake in this matter in which every man, woman, and child in the United States is vitally inter-ested, and upon the preservation of which depends the stability of our free insti-tutions. The bill of rights in the federal Con-stitution is the charter of American lib-erty. This charter is the work of ages, the result of human effort to fix upon a mode of association among men called, in its higher form, government. It reads as follows : " No State shall make or en- force any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall "Ñ listen tr this Ñ" any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property without due process of law." In former times the danger of violation of such guaranties was from arbitrary power sought to he exercised by kings ; today the danger lies in the assertion of supreme power on the part of self-appointed guides of the peo-ple, who by intimidation and threats force their opinion on Congress, legisla-tures, and courts, and cause them to sub-vert the clear meaning of those guaran-ties. The authority of the Constitution itself is held in some quarters to be in-ferior to the opinion of voters or of or-ganized cults in a referendum. Let me warn you, my friends, that such unset-tling of all foundations of liberty is the pendulum swing from kingly tyranny to popular tyranny, and we cannot wake up too soon to meet this danger. " Let us remove the temptation," is the battle-cry of our would-be reformers. I wonder where we should land if this policy were applied to all kinds of temp-tation. First, we should have to abolish all money and all property, because its existence tempts people to steal it ; and then we should have to do away with all foods and sweets and fruits, for there is always danger of overeating; and, finally, there are the sexual temptations, and so forth. When society would finally get through removing everything that might tempt man or woman, why, there would be nothing left but stones to cry to heaven bewailing the idiocy of man. No ; our theory is not to remove the temptation, but by moral influences to strengthen man's resistance against it. We believe in stimula+ing the pride of manhood and womanhood and in rearing a race of people who can control and govern themselves properly in all mat-ters of private conduct, realizing, as we do, that such people alone are fit to prac-tise public virtues and to assume the duties and responsibilities of free citizen-ship. If the people cannot be trusted to shape their habits properly, how, I ask, 