62 . LIBERTY that he must sue the seventh-day ob-server at the law, the state says, " You may summon your neighbor to answer your suit, but you cannot do it on his rest day." In like manner, it says to the seventh-day observer, " You may set the machinery of the law in motion to com-pel your Sunday-keeping debtor to pay what is justly due you, but you must not force this business upon him on his rest day." And this we say is right. In so doing, the state is simply protecting the equal rights of all men. To the same end the constitution of Tennessee pro-vides that " in time of peace no man shall be required to render any service to the state on a day set apart by his religion as a day of rest." All this is as it should be ; it affords protection to all alike, and does not trench upon the rights of any. But what shall we say when the state goes a step farther and forbids A to work on any given clay simply because B wishes to rest or to worship on that day? There are quiet zones in cities where, because of the presence of hospitals, etc., unneces-sary noises are not permitted at any time. There are laws to protect public meetings. There are also special laws for the pro-tection of public worship. All these are for the protection of the citizen. But what shall we say of laws designed pri-marily for the protection of a day be-cause of its religious character? Is not the real reason for modern Sun-day laws the same as the reason urged for similar statutes in the Middle Ages ; namely, that the church might not have to compete with the circus and other similar attractions on Sunday, but that the day might be free from all such things in order that the " faithful " might give themselves unreservedly to the of-fices of religion? The writer believes that the " movies " as they exist are far from being on the whole an uplifting force on any day, but he fails to see why they are worse on Sunday than on other days. They may on Sunday catch pennies, nickels, and dimes that would otherwise go to the  church collection or into the Sunday school, but the same is true of the candy store and the soda fountain. Will the Pilot take the position that all these should be prohibited on Sunday in the interests of the church? Dr. Crafts vir-tually asserted this a few years ago, styl-ing the children who spent their money Sunday morning for candy and soda, instead of giving it to the Sunday school, " little embezzlers." But it will scarcely be claimed that the state has any duty in this matter. We are fortunately some-thing like two centuries removed from the tithingman of colonial New England, and few will have the hardihood to ad-vocate a return to the reign of that func-tionary. And yet this is just what is involved in the assumption that the moving picture shows ought to be prohibited on Sunday. The writer heartily wishes that there were no demoralizing pictures. So far as he is concerned, he would be glad if all the papers would omit their colored supplements with their miserable at-tempts to be funny,Š attempts that too frequently seek to create a laugh at the expense of something that is good, or that involve deception and even straight-out lying. " Peck's Bad Boy," so popular a few years ago, was utterly demoralizing in its influence; but who will say that such books ought to be suppressed? The in-tellectual liberty the world enjoys today has cost too much to be lightly thrown away. A censorship broad enough to reach all the morally and religiously ob-jectionable things would turn us back again toward the Dark Ages. Time was when the choicest literature of the world, including the Scriptures themselves in the vernacular, was under the ban of the censor, and about all the common people were permitted to read was the lives of the saints, etc., a " literature " of no lit-erary merit, and often of questionable moral and spiritual influence; but ques-tionable as it was, we should be turned back to just that sort of thing were we to undertake to censor the reading and 