LIBERTY 89 to that of the three Congressional bills which aimed to muzzle the freedom of the press. The Ryan bill would prohibit the man-ufacture, sale, exhibition, or giving away of " any obscene and indecent, scurril-ous or defamatory book, pamphlet, paper, drawing, lithograph," etc., or " any ar-ticle of indecent or immoral use, or of a defamatory character . . .- tending to blacken the memory of the dead or to impeach the honesty, integrity, virtue, or reputation of any living person, class  company, or person connected therewith, or of any common carrier, or other per-son," nor is he allowed to give " written or oral information stating where, how, or of whom such . . . defamatory articles or things can be purchased or otherwise obtained in any manner with the intent of having the same conveyed by mail or express or in any other manner; or if any person shall knowingly or willfully receive the same " for that purpose, " he shall be confined in the county jail not more than six months, or be fined not MAIN BRIDGE ACROSS THE GOLDEN HORN, CONSTANTINOPLE or body of persons, or of any sect, creed, or nationality, not existing in violation of the constitution or laws, thereby tend-ing to expose him or them to public ha-tred, contempt, ridicule, or financial in-jury; " nor can any publishing house or private party print " any circular, hand-bill, card, book, pamphlet, advertisement, or notice of any kind, nor shall give in-formation orally stating when, how, or of whom or by what means any of the said . . . defamatory articles and things hereinbefore mentioned can be purchased or otherwise obtained." No person is allowed to deposit any of the above-prohibited articles or publi-cations " in any post office within this State, or place in charge of any express  less than one hundred dollars nor more than one thousand dollars for each of-fense Š one half of said fine to be paid to the informer upon whose evidence the person offending shall be convicted and one half to the school fund of the county in which the said conviction is obtained." This bill needs no comments other than that it carries its own condemnation upon the face of it. The same organizations that supported the Fitzgerald and Galli-van bills are fostering the Ryan bill, and yet these same organizations are raising the query, " Why all this pres-ent agitation about Catholic organiza-tions dominating politics ? " The investi-gating committee to find the reason ought not to have much difficulty in this matter. 