16 LIBERTY for the District. Instead of citing Amer-ican jurisprudence based upon the fed-eral Constitution, it cited the court de-cisions based upon English law,Š the law of a country having an established state religion,Š and even cited Roman jurisprudence back in the days of Con-stantine, who enacted the first Sunday law that was ever enacted. Four fifths of all the Sunday laws in the States are based on the English law of Charles II, which put the act on a purely religious basis. It is not strange that King Charles should make such a law and put it on a religious basis,Š the only basis it could be put upon in such a govern-ment Š a union of church and state ; but it is inconsistent for Americans to legis-late upon a religious question and at the same time claim to believe in a total sepa-ration of church and state. American Jurisprudence Romanized American jurisprudence, based on the inalienable rights of man as set forth in the Declaration of Independence, and on freedom of religion and equality of rights before the law as set forth in the federal Constitution, has suffered much because of the failure of some jurists to distinguish the difference between the English (or Roman) and American sys-tems of government Š the one llased on a union of church and state and the other on a separation of church and state. The federal Constitution is no longer considered by some as a barrier against religious legislation, since the courts are the interpreters of the Con-stitution. A Contrast of Decisions Judge Robb of the District Court of Appeals based his decision purely on re-ligious reasons, as follows : " Each of the prohibited things is purely secular in character and out of harmony with the atmosphere of Sunday." " Purely sec-ular " things cannot be prohibited by the  state on the ground that they are " out of harmony with the atmosphere of Sun-clay," unless it is for " purely religious reasons." But the supreme court of North Carolina, having equal authority with the court of appeals of the District, rendered the following decision upon the same question : Š If, therefore, the cessation of labor or the prohibition of the performance of any act were provided by statute for re-ligious reasons, the statute could not be maintained. Judge Robb gives another " religious reason " for sustaining Sunday laws, as follows : Š The Christian world, of which this country is a part, has by common con-sent set apart the first day of the week as a day of rest, reflection, and devotion. Judge Rodman of the North Carolina Supreme Court refutes this argument in his decision, as follows : Š It is incorrect to say that Christianity is a part of the common law of the land, however it may be in England, where there is a union of church and state, which is forbidden here. . . . Even if Christianity could be deemed the basis of our government, its own organic law must be found in the New Testament, and there we shall look in vain for any requirement to observe Sunday. . . . It designated Saturday, not Sunday, as the day of rest.Š North Carolina Re-ports, Vol. CXXXIV, pages 508-515. Judge Robb cited ten State supreme court decisions which upheld " ordi-nances or regulations relating to the ob-servance of Sunday, passed under gen-eral grants of police power to the va-rious municipalities, having for their ob-ject the protection of the health and mor-als and the promotion of the general wel-fare of the people." We are able to cite more than ten State supreme court de-cisions which deny that Sunday observ-ance legislation constitutes proper police regulation. 