LIBERTY 131 cerning the demands of religious organi-zations for Sunday legislation : Š Extensive religious combinations to effect a political object are, in the opinion of the committee, always dangerous. . . . All religious despotism commences by combination and influence ; and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institutions of the country, the civil power soon bends under it ; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an  awful warning of the consequence. . . . The proper object of government is to protect all persons in the enjoyment of their religious as well as civil rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall esteem one day above another, or esteem all days alike holy. The danger against which this docu-ment warns the American people is greater now than when the warning was uttered. Shall the Church Be a Foster-Mother to the State? IN an editorial of the Presbyterian of the South of April 3o, 1913, we learn that " several of the presbyteries have over-tured the General Assembly to withdraw from the Federal Council of the Churches of Christ, of which Dr. Shailer Mathews is president." The Presbyterian claims that the late Federal Council in " the adoption of the social platform " has in-vaded the domain of the state, and aban-doned the distinctive trust committed to the churches Š their true spiritual mis-sion in the world. The Presbyterian then asks this important question as to the mission of the church : Š Is it her business, by legal enactments and official representatives, to control the formulation and enforcement of civil law, or to regulate commerce and industrial enterprises, to promote labor-unions and schemes of arbitration in disputes be-tween labor and capital? We may profit-ably examine the social platform for a moment, and inquire whether or not there is one specification contained in it that might not be adopted by a purely pagan political party on the eve of a campaign. A correspondent informs us that the plat-form was characterized by a prominent writer on socialism in a public meeting in Chicago as " a declaration which sounded like the platform of a political party which had recently been active in a progressive campaign." The Presbyterian then publishes six-teen planks of the social platform of the  Federal Council of the Churches of Christ, which are distinctive duties rela-ting solely to the functions of the state, and continues its pertinent comments on these new articles of faith as follows : Š It may be noted that not one of the above specifications but is distinctly a sub-ject for state legislation. Moreover, there is clearly implied, if not expressed, an appeal to the state to enact the legis-lation that is indicated and called for. We frankly ask, Is this a part of the com-mission of the church in the command that she shall go into all the world and preach the gospel ? We fear that a large part of the church has become apathetic toward the spiritual kingdom, and has be-come correspondingly engrossed with temporal interests. Especially are there indications that many have ceased to be-lieve that social, moral, and civil welfare can be secured and permanently sustained by spiritual forces alone, and that the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds. We are glad to note that there are others who see the dangers of great ec-clesiastical combinations for political pur-poses. It is not the business of the church as a church to see that industries are properly fostered, that a minimum and a maximum wage is determined for the laborer, that the hours of labor are re-duced to the lowest practicable point, that adequate means are provided to settle 