Copyright Boston Photo N Cit'S Co. THE EARS OF THE ARMY British soldier laying a telephone line. LIBERTY 121 fallible courts and institutions, which see only overt acts, and which must be guided by evidence which may be misleading. The one takes cognizance of all the thoughts and motives of men, while the other can deal only with that small num-ber of actions which can be proved by human testimony, defined by jurists, and dealt with by the slow-moving machinery of human laws. The Origin of the Church The church is built upon Christ. " Upon this Rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." Matt. i6: i8. This rock was not Peter. Peter was merely one of the " lively stones " in the "spiritual house" of the church. I Peter 2 : 3-5. " Other foun-dation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." i Cor. 3: 1. Christ is the rock upon which the church is built, not Peter, nor any man, nor any body of men. To thechurch has been commit-ted the " keys of the kingdom of heaven," the power to open or shut heaven. Matt. i6: 19. This expression, " the keys of the kingdom of heaven," refers to the Word of God. That Word declares the con-ditions upon which men are received or rejected. As meh accept these condi-tions, heaven is opened to them. As they reject them, heaven is closed to them. The possession of the " keys " is not a prerogative belonging exclu- sively, as has been claimed, to the Church of Rome. All churches and all ministers share in the possession of the keys. They all have the Word of God. The, Church of Rome has the keys equally with every other church. But it has always used the keys to shut heaven up from men, and not to open it. The church is the house of God, " a spiritual house," composed of " living stones." Heb. 3: 1-6; I Peter 2: 3-5. Christ is the " head," both of the church and of each individual member of the church. "The head of every man is Christ." i Cor. 11 : 3. God " hath put all things un-der his feet, and gave him to be head over all things to the church." Eph. r : 22. Christ is the foundation of the church, and the church is to obey Christ as its head. It is never to de-pend on man, or h e controlled b y man. The church is an organization, a " kingdom." John 18 : 36, 37. But it is not a kingdom of this world. It is in t h e world, but, like its divine Master, is in the world only " to bear witness unto the truth." The church is composed of members who were once both in and of the world. Eph. 2 : 2-6. Through the grace of Christ a separation from the world has been brought about, and while they re-main in the world they are no longer of it, but Christ " hath raised us up to-gether, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus." The 