JAMES OTIS His eloquent appeals in behalf of liberty stirred the people of New England before and during the days of the Revolution. General Articles Temperance and Liberty K. C. RUSSELL MUCH has been said and written on this subject, but the voice of warning should never cease as long as there is one soul who can be rescued from the terrible bond-age of slavery to strong drink. There is no greater bondage than that which is pro-duced by the demon of strong drink, whose victims can be numbered by the millions; and the Bible says that no drunkard shall inherit the kingdom of God. The drink curse is no respecter of per-sons. It claims as its victims the rich and poor, the learned and the il-literate, and the honored and the outcast. Many who stand high in soci-ety are found in the mighty procession of those who are has-tening on to their final doom as the result of this blight-ing curse. Ever since the fall in the Garden of Eden man has been brought into contin-ual bondage as the result of following the example of our first parents by yielding to appetite. In tracing history from the time of t h e antediluvians, we find that intern perance has contrib-uted much toward the overthrow of na-tions. Kings a n d other mighty men of influence and power have been swept away by the ever-increas-ing and relentless tide of intemperance. The Saviour in forecasting the times in which we live said, " For as in the days that were before the flood they were eating and drinking, marrying and giving in mar-riage, until the day that Noah entered the  ark, and knew not until the flood came, and took them all away; so shall also the com-ing of the Son of man be." This evil of intemperance has assumed such gigantic proportions, that it has be-come a mighty factor in the commercial, social, and political world. To illustrate: the man who is engaged in the mercantile business, and wishes to succeed Financially, is slow to use his influence against the un-savory business of his neighbor, who may he either directly or indirectly connected with the manufacture or sale of intoxica-ting liquors, lest he lose his patronage, and that of other liquor men. Even the pro-fessed minister of the gospel at times exercises caution in the preparation and delivery of his ser-mon lest he might offend some of his influential members who are in some way related to those connected with this business. Not long since a prominent tem-perance worker in an Eastern city said that she did not know of a religious denomination in that city that stood united in their oppo-sition to the liquor business. By this divided condition is demonstrated t h e truthfulness of the principle enunciated by the great Author of all true reform when he said, " Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation; and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand." What is needed is a bold and united front on the part of those who are at heart on the right side of this question, regard-less of the sacrifice that may be involved either financially. Nod a lly. or politically.  