158 LIBERTY in its freedom and purity and power." Š'` History of the Formation of the Con-stitution of the United States of Amer-ica," New York, 1882, Vol. II, page 326. By this provision of the federal Consti-tution, the lawmaking power of our na-tion is prohibited from enacting any law touching religion. Deciding religious controversies and enforcing religious dog-mas are not within the proper sphere of the national government. For this reason we are unalterably opposed to all legislation by our national legislature upon the Sabbath question. The observ-ance of a day of rest is a religious act. It is a duty between the individual and God; and this duty can be directed only by " reason and conviction, not by force or violence." As a free people, we should view with alarm the fact that Congress is continu-ally besieged with petitions requesting the enactment of laws favoring the observ-ance of Sunday. Sunday is not a civil but a religious institution, and is therefore beyond the purview of the civil power. Let Congress legislate but once upon the question, and the step will be followed by disastrous consequences. " Let the national legislature once perform an act which involves the decision of a religious controversy, and it will have passed its legitimate bounds. The precedent will then be established, and the foundation laid for the usurpation of the divine pre-rogative in this country which has been the desolating scourge of the fairest por-tions of the Old World."Š Senate Re-port, 1829. National Reformers have sought to disparage the Constitution by claiming it to be a godless document, in that it does not contain the name of God ; and amend-ments have been urged to remedy this so-called defect. But this omission is a wise one. Concerning religion the su-preme law is silent, as it should be, being neither hostile nor friendly to any re-ligion. On this point Schaff well says : Š " The absence of the names of God and Christ, in a purely political and legal  document, up more proves denial, or ir-reverence than the absence of those names in a mathematical treatise, or the statutes of a bank or railroad corporation. The title Holiness ' does not make the Pope of Rome any holier than he is, and it makes the contradiction only more glar-ing in such characters as Alexander VI. The book of Esther and the Song of Solomon are undoubtedly productions of devout worshipers of Jehovah; and yet the name of God does not occur once in them. " We may go farther and say that the Constitution not only contains nothing which is irreligious or unchristian, but is Christian in substance, though not in form. It is pervaded by the spirit of justice and humanity, which are Chris-tian. The First Amendment could not have originated in any pagan or Moham-medan country, but presupposes Chris-tian civilization and culture. Christianity alone has taught men to respect the sa-credness of the human personality as made in the image-  of God and redeemed by Christ, and to protect its rights and privileges, including the freedom of wor-ship, against the encroachments of the temporal power and the absolutism of the state." Š " Church and State," page 40. It might not be out of place in this connection to call attention to the fact that the constitution of the Confederate States, framed at Montgomery, Ala., dur-ing the Civil War, did contain the words " Almighty God." Yet this proved noth-ing concerning the righteousness or un-righteousness of the Confederate cause. Further, that constitution, though it con-tained the name of God, died with the Confederacy in 1865, while the " supreme law " of the nation, which does not con-tain the name of the Deity, survived the shock of rebellion, and still lives. Hon. William Jackson Armstrong is quoted as saying : " You have, perhaps, been somewhere told, as if it were the last refinement of appreciative praise, that the Constitution of your country should 