LIBERTY 31 derson's History' has been Romanized. " In a Roman Catholic work, Judges of the Faith,' published at Baltimore, and bear-ing the recommendation and indorsements of two cardinals and several bishops of the Roman Catholic Church, thus giving it high authority, we find, on pages 23, 24, 25, eight school-books strongly condemned, some of which, the author says, were put on the Index of Prohibited Books.' Of the eight he condemns, Swinton's and Anderson's  Histories were the first named. Now, how does it happen that one book thus con-demned is substituted by the agents of the Romish Church for another condemned book which they had succeeded in remov-ing from the public schools? The natural inference is, the book has been Romanized and doctored to meet the wishes of the Roman Catholic hierarchy." As illustrations of the difference between the two editions, take the following: Š THE TWO EDITIONS COMPARED The Old Anderson Prohibited "On page 163: In speaking of King Henry II of England, in the middle ages, it says, ' His next object was to reform the abuses and correct the vices of the clergy, who, being by the institutions of William the Conqueror, amenable only to ecclesias-tical authority, set the common laws of the realm at defiance.' " On page 179: In speaking of Henry IV, after describing the part the king and his son took in the battle near Shrewsbury (1403), when they signalized themselves by their feats of strength and daring,' it says, Henry, in order to gain the favor of the Church, caused severe laws to be passed against the Lollards (the followers of Wyclif), and one of them was con-demned and burnt at the stake (14o1). This was the first English subject that was put to death on account of his religious opin-ions.' " On page 191 it says: The reign of Philip II (of France) is also noted for the persecution of the Albigenses.' " On page 192: Under the reign of Louis IX of France it says, The Inquisition was established at Toulouse, and all who refused to conform to the tenets of the Church of Rome were mercilessly pun-ished.' " On page 194 we are told that the reign of Philip IV of France is particularly noted for the contest which arose between the King and the Pope (Boniface VIII) on account of the attempt of the latter to prevent the taxation of the clergy. Boni-face in vain issued bull after bull, all of which were treated with contempt and de-fiance by Philip, who, after the death of Boniface, succeeded in placing the Arch-bishop of Bordeaux, under the title of Clement V, on the papal throne, and trans-ferred the seat of the Papacy from Rome to Avignon, where it remained for about 7o years.' " On page 293, under the reign of Charles IX, we read ' that the Queen Mother en-tered into a conspiracy to remove him (Ad-miral Coligny) by assassination, and thus arouse the vengeance of the Huguenots, so that a pretext might be found for their destruction.' " The New Anderson Romanized " On page 35o it says of King Henry II of England: ' His next object was to di-minish the powers and privileges of the clergy, who were, by the institutions of William the Conqueror, amenable only to the ecclesiastical courts, by which, if found guilty, they were delivered up to the sec-ular power for punishment.' " On page 367, after describing in the same language the part the king and his son took in this battle, all after the word daring' is omitted. " On page 383 it says: The reign is mem-orable for the rise of the Albigenses.' " On page 384 this entire passage is omit-ted. " In the new book all of this is omitted. " On page 549 the words after assassina-tion' are omitted." 