LIBERTY  177 versal jubilee of the peace of Constan-tine," according to the encyclical of Pope Pius X, recently issued? How can the faithful in South America, Mexico, Spain, and other priest-ridden countries, rejoice in the proclamation of this edict, when those very liberties set forth in the edict are denied them even to this day? How can the truly faithful in Christ everywhere rejoice in the proclamation of this edict, when the edict was finally interpreted to apply only to the state-recognized orthodox church? Everybody who knows the history of the past knows that just as soon as Con-stantine united the church and the state, the truly faithful to Christ and his Word had their liberties taken from them, and they were subsequently imprisoned, ban-ished, and persecuted to death by the millions. The union of church and state tinder Constantine marks the opening era of the dark ages, so familiar to every historian. The wheels of progress and civilization were turned backward instead of for-ward. All the world lost its liberties and privileges, which were theirs by natural right, and the established state church was given the sole monopoly of dispen-sing grace, mercy, forgiveness, and lib-erty, or to shut up its victims in prison, to burn them at the stake, to torture them on the rack, or to execute them on the gallows. Is it any wonder that the Protestant world is discussing the propriety of their participation in an event which afterward turned itself into a most inglorious affair, and meant but the exaltation of one church above all the rest? If the history of the past could be blotted out and for-gotten, it would be an easy matter for our modern so-called religious reform-ers to blindfold the present generation and lead them over the same road to ruin, and plunge the world into the same deplorable conditions of superstition and persecution it passed through be- fore ; but the voice of history refuses to be silenced. It warns the world in trum- pet tones to heed the lessons of the past. Its flaming torch illuminates the path of  the future with the rays of light that shine out of the distant past. We would be ungrateful for our heritage of the his-torical lessons of the past and unfaithful to the responsibilities of the present if we did not heed the warning voice of his- tory and profit by its valuable lessons. We stand uncompromisingly opposed to a union of Christianity or any other religion with the state, because in its final analysis it means a union of the most popular and influential church with the state, while all other churches would soon be put under the legal ban of dis-favor, and finally consigned to extinction, as they were in the days of Constantine. History repeats itself under like condi-tions, and we do not want the dark ages repeated.  c. S. L. itc THE ministerial association of Asbury Park, N. J., held a conference recently at the Y. M. C. A. with Mayor R. S. Bennett, and asked him to inaugurate a " campaign for a more strict observance of the Sabbath in Asbury Park." Mayor Bennett gave the churchmen to under-stand that he was not going to enforce religion by law, whereupon Dr. Stock-dale, the spokesman for the ministers, re-plied : " I know what will happen to you if you fail to change your present policy and refuse to close some of the places that are now allowed to remain open on Sundays." " And I know what will happen to you if you try to close things tight," was the mayor's retort. " So do I know what will happen to me," said Dr. Stockdale. " What will happen to you? " asked the mayor. " That is my business," replied the minister, angrily. " You'll be looking for another church," angrily declared Mayor Ben-nett. This sounds something like the quar-rels between church and state officials in the days of medieval times, when church and state were united. Sunday laws are religious laws, and like all religious laws, they can make only for strife. 