156 LIBERTY ligious men who are certain they repre-sent the divine will. . . . I hope it will not be irreverent in me to say that if it be probable that God would reveal his will to others, on a point so connected with my duty, it might be supposed he would reveal it directly to me." For Freedom of the Press Speaking of a free press, Lincoln re- THE RING AND QUEEN OF 1;1.I.GIUM The invasion of Belgian territory by the Germans in England's declaration of war against Germ ŁatbŁL ferred to J" our republican institutions "  " as those which can be best sustained by the diffusion of knowledge and the due encouragement of a universal, national spirit of inquiry and discussion of public events through the medium of the public press." He also said : " I fear you do not fully comprehend the danger of abridging the liberties of the people. A government had better go to the very ex-treme of toleration than to do aught that could be construed into an interference with, or to jeopardize in any degree, the common rights of the citizens." resulted any. _ every age, let every citizen, in the words of the great emancipator and in the spirit of Christ, " stand with anybody that stands right, stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong." And let this sentiment also apply to all institu-tions, civil or ecclesiastical, that have set themselves up as mouthpieces of the divine will and executors of God's commandments involving man's duty to his Maker. " Render to Caesar the things that are Cxsar's, and to God the things that are God's." Mark i2: 7. Washington, D. C. Denounces Arguments Favoring Kingcraft Speaking of " the arguments that kings have made for enslaving the people in all ages of the world," Lincoln said in a speech delivered in Chicago, July 1o, 1858: " All the arguments in favor of kingcraft were of this class; they always bestrode the necks of the people, not that, they wanted to do it, but because the people were better off for being ridden... . This argument . . . is the same old serpent that says, You work, and I eat ; You toil, and I will enjoy the fruits of it. Turn it in whatever way you will, whether it comes from the mouth of a king as an excuse for enslaving the people of his country, or from the mouth of men of one race as a reason for enslaving the men of another race, it is all the same old ser-pent." How to Preserve Liberty In his reply to Senator Doug-las at Peoria, Ill., Oct. 16, 1854. Lincoln concluded his masterful address thus: " Finally, I insist that if there is anything which it is the duty of the Whole people never to intrust to any hands but their own, that thing is the pres-ervation and perpetuity of their own liberties and institutions." And in defense of our civil and religious liberties, purchased with the blood of theŁ brave of 