- ---,J.-A . Ł 7 , Ł 'Ł 4 4..Ł Ł ŁŁ-Ł , 1 olu PANORAMA OF ROME FROM ST. PETER'S 24 LIBERTY as the superior, may always be in a con-dition to command obedience from the state, as the inferior. As regards all those things which do not concern the law of God or the moral well-being of society, the state is left to deal with its citizens, col-lectively and individually, without any in-terference from the church. This is its separate and independent sphere of action. But whenever questions arise which in-volve conformity to the law of God or morality, then the church is bound to interfere and prescribe the rule of conduct both to the state and the indi-vidual. This is called the separate and independent sphere of the church. Cor-relative obligations arise out of these relations. The chiefest of these is, that when the church commands what the law of God and morality re-quire, the state is bound to obey, just as each indi-vidual is. And if it does not obey, it, like the indi-vidual, is subject to what-soever penalty the church may decide to prescribe for disobedience. In looking through the history of such governments as have been constructed upon the papal plan, we find many illustrations of the manner in which these principles have been practically applied, especially in reference to the infliction of such penalties as the church has from time to time im-posed for the violation of its laws. The codes of the emperors Theodosius and Jus-tinian contain many laws relating to religion, enacted only in obedience to the command of the church; merely, says Domat, in his great work on the civil law, "to enforce the observance of the laws which the church herself, and the spiritual powers to whom God has committed the care of her, have established, and to protect and maintain the execution of those laws." Referring further to these emperors, thus obe-dient to the church, and to those kings of France under whose reigns ordi-nances on religious sub-jects were passed of the same nature, this same author says, " They add to the authority of the laws of the church that which God has put in their hands; enjoining, as to what concerns the articles of faith, their subjects to submit ROMAN CATHOLIC CATHEDRAL AT BALTIMORE, MD. themselves to the doctrine of the church; prohibiting all persons to preach or to teach anything contrary thereto; and enacting punishments against heretics." These are not called laws of the church, 