Freedom of the Press One Hun- dred !Years Ago By William Q. Sloan FREEDOM of press and free-dom of speech are the bul-warks of lib- erty. These bulwarks have ever been assailed by those who, while de-manding freedom for themselves, are unwilling to grant it to those who do not believe in their dogmas and doc- trines. That the question now stirring the United States is not a new one is evidenced by this interesting citation from the London Times, May 9, 1816: " The liberty of the press Š that ark and palladium of all our other liberties Šbecame last night the subject of a most interesting debate. Highly distinguished as this country has been for everything pertaining to free-dom, the press is of all its institutions that which foreign nations have most admired, and have least been able to imitate. The press, notwithstanding its admitted susceptibility to misuse, has been in fact the best guardian of our private morals, the best exciter and supporter of our public virtues. It was before the free press of England that the audacious boastings, the haughty menaces, the sophistries and the falsehoods of our once formidable enemy, melted in the air, and that the arts which sufficed to delude a whole continent passed by us as the idle wind which we regard not. If such, then, have been the power and efficacy of the press in its present state, and under the guardianship of the existing laws, why, it may be argued, resort to any new enactment. Why? For this very reason, be-cause the institution is most precious, let us guard against its corruption; let us do what depends on us to improve and perfect it. Human affairs are never at a standstill: and we may say of our country, with reference to this particular branch of her policy, what the poet laureate so happily says of her gen-eral destiny, " On she must go progresiively in good, In wisdom, and in weal Š or she must wane.'" Men who are in error, whether the error be political or religious, are ever ready to clap their hand on the mouth of the man who is making known the truth. Truth is never afraid of opposition. It is like pure gold: the more it is rubbed by investigation, the brighter it shines. No man who has the truth, and who has confidence in the ultimate triumph of truth, will seek to overthrow freedom of speech and of the press. A people free to express themselves will ever re-main the bulwark of civilization. " Servile Labor" OUR readers will remember that as re-lated in LIBERTY for the first quarter of 1917, the Oklahoma Criminal Court of Appeals construed the term " servile la-bor " as meaning secular or common labor, including merchandising. This view is unquestionably correct, nor is it new. Speaking of the Tartars under Zingis Khan in the thirteenth century, Gibbon says: " The victorious nation was held sa-cred from all servile labors, which were abandoned to slaves and strangers; and every labor was servile except the pro-fession of arms."Š Milman's Gibbon's Rome, Vol. VI, chap. 64, par. 3. Who does not know that wealthy but illiterate Romans had slaves who were their readers and scribes ; and Zingis Khan, the Mongol, mighty ruler and great military leader though he was, could neither read nor write. With him, as Gibbon says, learning was servile la-bor, unworthy of a great man with more important things to look after. C. P. B. 123 