LIBERTY 181 of the chapter, he declared solemnly, " Only the living God could have written that before the events came to pass ! " That is the truth. The " sure word of prophecy " is God's challenge to unbe-lief. Before ever the history trans-pired, the living God has again and again caused his prophets to write of coming events. Why has he done this? He gives one reason, based on the stubbornness of the natural heart of unbelief : Š " Because I knew that thou art ob-stinate, and thy neck is an iron sinew, and thy brow brass; I have even from the beginning declared it to thee ; before it came to pass I showed it thee." Isa. 48  4, 5. Unbelief is left without excuse. The evidence that the living God is speaking abounds throughout the Holy Scrip-tures. And with one voice the prophetic scriptures declare that the latter days of this earth's history have come. We are living in the days of the kingdoms of divided Rome, the modern kingdoms of western Europe, whose life and acts are before our eyes in the daily press. And it was after foretelling the division of the empire into these kingdoms that Daniel the prophet said : " In the days of these kings shall the God of heaven set up a kingdom, .which shall never be destroyed." Dan. 2 : 44. Washington, D. C. tV A Bit of History W. F. MARTIN ONE writer has said that the history of the seventeenth century presents a fright-ful picture ; that in this picture three things are always prominent ; a hangman, a gallows, and a victim. When the Puritans came to America to escape persecution, they were imbued with this idea of seventeenth century in-tolerance. No sooner had they set up a government of their own than they began to persecute those who differed from them in religion. When questioned about this, they justified themselves by saying the Church of England had no right to persecute them because the Church of England was wrong in its theology and they were right. " It is proper," they argued, " for us to persecute the Baptists and Quakers, for we are right and they are wrong." They overlooked the great fact that in a religious controversy the persecutor is always wrong. These things continued for some time after the close of the Revolution. It is surprising that men who had fought for freedom still endured such an amount of religious intolerance. In Mas-sachusetts the tithing-man arrested break-ers of the Sunday law, and shut them up in the town cage. He stopped all " un-necessary " traveling on Sunday, and  haled men and women off to church whether they wanted to go or not. The men in Boston strove hard to es-cape these barbarous rules and infringe-ments on liberty, but the people of the rural districts outvoted them. They were taxed to support the State religion. The most that could be accomplished was that the dissenters could escape the church rate by supporting a church of their own. This latter provision reminds one of some of the modern Sunday laws with their exemption clauses for those who relig-iously observe another day of the week as the Sabbath. If that was religious in-tolerance, so is this. If that was a church-and-state union, so is this. To escape such religious intolerance, the first amendment to the national Con-stitution was adopted, building a wall of separation between the church and the state. A Sunday law, even with an ex-emption clause for those who regard an-other day, is a recurrence to the days of religious intolerance. Every man should be left to worship how and when he pleases. Religion is the duty we owe to our Creator and not to the state. " Ren-der therefore unto Cmsar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." 