America a Beacon-Light to the Nations The Hand of God in the History of the Nation A. J. SAXBY BOURDEAU IT is most interesting to trace the hand of God in the history of nations. This is especially true in the making of Amer- ica, which has become a beacon-light to all the world. The beneficent principles underlying its government have leavened, to a greater or less extent, the laws and customs of many other peoples and gov-ernments. For most of the progress that has been made in the world in the realm of civil and religious liberties since the founding of our nation, we must, in justice, give the credit to the glorious principles of human freedom sounded forth to all the world through the American Constitution and the Declaration of Independence. That George Washington, the " father of his country," recognized the hand of God in American history, is evidenced by the following utterances in his first in-augural address, delivered April 30, 1789: Š " It would be peculiarly improper to omit, in this first official act, my fervent supplication to that Almighty Being who rules over the universe, who presides in the councils of nations, and whose provi-dential aid can supply every human de-fect, that his benediction may consecrate to the liberties and happiness of the peo-ple of the United States a government instituted by themselves for these essen-tial purposes. . . . No people can be bound to acknowledge the invisible hand which conducts the affairs of men more than the people of the United States. Every step by which they have advanced to the character of an independent na-tion seems to have been distinguished by some token of providential agency." This noble speech but echoes the sen-timents expressed by Nebuchadnezzar, in the year B. C. 570:Š "That the living may know that the Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, 22  and giveth it to whomsoever he will." Dan. 4:17. In his preface to " The Rise of the Dutch Republic," John Lothrop Motley, the well-known historian, comments thus upon the influence that one progressive nation has upon the others : Š " So close is the relationship between the whole human family, that it is impos-sible for a nation, even while struggling for itself, not to acquire something for all mankind. " The maintenance of the right by the little provinces of Holland and Zealand in the sixteenth, by Holland and England united in the seventeenth, and by the United States of America in the eight-eenth centuries, forms but a single chap-ter in the great volume of human fate ; for the so-called revolutions of Holland, England, and America are all links in one chain. " For America the struggle is one of still deeper import. . . . The lessons of history and the fate of free states can never be sufficiently pondered by those upon whom so large and heavy a re-sponsibility for the maintenance of ra-tional human freedom rests." In the providence of God, the foun-dations of our nation were laid upon Protestant principles, for the early set- tlers were made up largely of Holland-ers, Pilgrims, Puritans, Huguenots, and Quakers, all of them Protestants. As the historian Bancroft says : " The thirteen colonies were all Prot- estants. Even in Maryland, the Roman Catholics formed scarcely one eighth, perhaps not more than one twelfth of the population ; their presence in either prov-ince except Pennsylvania, was hardly perceptible. America was most thor-oughly a Protestant country. The whole number of Roman Catholics within the (Continued on page 39) 