76 LIBERTY Even if Christianity could be deemed the basis of our government, its own organic law must be found in the New Testament, and there we shall look in vain for any requirement to observe Sunday. . . . The Old Testament commanded the observance of the Sabbath, . . . and it designated Saturday, not Sunday, as the day of rest.ŠSupreme Court of North Carolina, Reports, 134, pp. 508-515. longs to the courts of each State to say what is " due process of law " each in its own State, and that the federal courts will not go behind such decisions duly rendered, however faulty they may be made to appear. Had Judge Hammond said no more than this, his decision would be without special interest at this time. But His Honor evidently felt called upon to ac-count reasonably for the existence of Sunday laws, notwithstanding the broad guaranties of religious liberty in both State and Federal constitutions. In doing this, Judge Hammond admitted, in effect, a practical union of church and state in Tennessee. Alluding by way of contrast to the denomination to which Mr. King belonged, His Honor spoke of " other sects having control of legislation in the matter of Sunday observance." Continuing his defense of Sunday laws, notwithstanding their invasion of rights guaranteed by the constitution, Judge Hammond said that Mr. King as an Adventist, or some other person as a Jew, had no right to " disregard laws made in aid, if you choose to say so, of the religion of other sects." Then, though denying that the fourth com-mandment of the decalogue is a part of the common law, His Honor added : Š " Nevertheless, by a sort of factitious ad-vantage, the observers of Sunday have secured the aid of the civil law, and adhere to that advantage with great tenacity in spite of the clamor for religious freedom and the progress that has been made in the absolute separation of church and state. . . . The effort to extir-pate the advantage by judicial decision . . . seems to me quite useless. The proper appeal is to the legislature; for the courts cannot change that which has been done, however  done, by the civil law in favor of the Sunday observers." The fact that the enforcement of the Sunday law in the case of Mr. King was religious persecution had been empha- sized by showing that many nominal Sun-day observers in the same neighborhood worked on Sunday, but were not mo- lested for so doing. Referring to this fact, Judge Hammond said : Š "One may, and many thousands do, work on that day without complaint from any source; but if one ostentatiously labors for the purpose of emphasizing his distaste for or his disbelief in the custom, he may be made to suffer for his defiance by persecutions, if you call them so, on the part of the great majority, who will compel him to rest when they rest." Now the particularly significant thing about all this is that, as is admitted by Judge Hammond, while clearly not only in the interests of religion, but of that particular mode of worship that devotes the first day of the week to religious du-ties, the courts of Tennessee have uni-formly sustained the State Sunday law as " a civil institution," and its enforcement as a part of the legitimate " police power of the State." Thus by a legal fiction constitutional guaranties are subordinated to the so-called " police power." We have said " so-called," for in real truth " police power " is simply " the power of the State through all its agencies, both general and local, to preserve order, reg-ulate intercourse between citizens, and to insure to each the lawful enjoyment of his rights." Therefore it is no justifica-tion of any statute or of any action taken under any statute in contravention of the rights of even a single citizen, to say that Whatever establishes a distinction avainst one class or sect is, to the extent to which the distinction operates unfavorably, a nersecution; and if based on religious grounds, a religious persecution.-- Conley's " Constitittiorml Limitntions " 