LIBERTY 57 lumbia, everything of this character, with certain customary exceptions in favor of public service corporations, etc., and in favor also of those who " observe regu-larly some other day of the week," and who upon that day actually abstain from those things the doing of which on Sun-day is prohibited in the bill. Thus it appears that the object of the bill is to secure the observance of one clay each week, preferably Sunday, by ab-stinence from worldly affairs; but if not Sunday, then of some other day, so that the idea and practice of a weekly day of rest or cessation from worldly affairs shall be maintained. In the past, Congress has steadfastly refused to enact any affirmative Sunday legislation. It is true that the day has The Outlook for Religious Liberty (Continued from page 4o) And what is the prospect on the re-ligious side of this question? We wit-nessed only last summer the amazing spectacle of the mayor of a great city beseeching the governor of the State to permit the people to work in their gar-dens on Sunday. The governor looked up the statute, and said he thought the exemption for cases of necessity made a loophole for Sunday work during the war. But in the meantime the police kept right on rounding up the " viola-tors." So the legislature passed a special law on this point. It is surprising that the people will rec-ognize the juris- It is not the legitimate province of the legislature to determine what religion is true, or what false. Our Government is a civil and not a religious institution. Our Constitution recognizes in every person the right to choose his own religion, and to en-joy it freely, without molestation. What-ever may be the religious sentiments of citizens, and however variant, they are alike entitled to protection from the Gov-ernment, so long as they do not invade the rights of others.Š Sunday Mail Report, adopted by the United States Senate in 1829. diction of the Gov-ernment in this improper sphere without a protest, but when we con-sider how long the Puritanic barnacle of Sunday laws has been clinging to the ship of state, it is been recognized in a measure, but not to the extent of the rec-ognition sought by the Jones bill. Con-gress has in the past refused to assist in breaking down local Sunday laws by maintaining an open government exhibit upon that day in States having a Sunday law, or by requiring the employees of the Government to serve the public upon that day; but it is now asked to go farther, and to enact into law a bill that under-takes to say to the individual citizen of the District of Columbia that he must ab-stain from " worldly " pursuits one day every week, if not on Sunday, then he must " observe regularly some other day " by such abstinence from " worldly business." Is Congress ready to take this step, and to follow on to the logical con-clusion of entering upon such a course? We cannot believe it. !V !V Ste THE provisions of the Constitution sep-arating church and state and guaranteeing religious liberty, should be interpreted only in harmony with the well-known .views of the men who formed it. not so surprising. If our forefathers who framed the great Federal bill of our rights on correct prin-ciples of civil and religious liberty, had had as much to do with the formation of State constitutions, they would have scraped off those barnacles before they allowed such a Puritanic plank to be put into the good ship of state. By this we do not mean that people should not ob-serve the Sabbath. They ought to ob-serve it with piety and devotion, but never under duress of civil law. More startling yet is the fact that from the church quarter is arising the hideous monster of religious persecution. A large religious convention representing 3o de-nominations and 18,000,000 people, has declared in favor of repealing the clauses which exempt Seventh-day Adventists for working on Sunday, and favored a $50o fine and six months' imprisonment. 