188 LIBERTY Let Liberty, Truth, and Justice Prevail WITHOUT civil and religious liberty, human and divine progress would be im-possible. Liberty is the key that has unlocked the door to the treasures of wisdom and knowledge, of science and religion, of achievement and civilization, and above all, of true happiness and lasting peace. The individual who does not favor liberty as a right for others to enjoy, is an enemy to the best interests of God and man. Liberty, truth, and jus-tice are inseparably connected, and he who tramples on one comes in conflict with this trinity of eternal principles which emanate from God for the lasting welfare of humanity. Substituting Law for Love and Right THINGS that are legal are not neces-sarily right. Slavery was legal once, but it was never right. No law on earth could make it right. Civil law cannot make morally right that which is morally wrong, nor can it make morally wrong that which is morally right. Neither is there any power in the law to convert or change the human heart. That which saves and transforms men is not the ab-solutism of law, but the matchless love and power of Jesus Christ as manifested in the gospel. Let the church not seek to substitute law for love, and force for faith, in the divine economy. Law con-demns, but it cannot redeem ; it may guard, but it cannot save. Let the church not employ the weapons and tac-tics of the state to further her ends, for in so doing she departs from her divine mission and frustrates divine grace. sV Mixing Religion and Politics No question is ever settled until it is settled right. A subterfuge or a com-promise may endure for a while, but it will only be for a little while. Truth and justice will ultimately prevail. The  individual who is armored with the truth need fear no foe. Error will fall before him. Darkness will flee before the light. The individual who trusts in God will never make the arm of flesh his stay. In his hour of need, he sends his petition to the throne of God instead of to the legislative halls, for the things that be-long to God and come from God. Let churchmen not confound civil and re-ligious questions and apply the same rules and methods to each. A failure to recognize a distinction between religious and civil laws has been the cause of all the bloody persecutions of the past. Some great reform movements today are mixing religion and politics, and are in great danger of repeating the fearful history of medieval times. Unless a radical change takes place in this respect, a worse calamity will befall progress and civilization in this republic than ever be-fell Europe in the Middle Ages. Tyrannical Religious Customs Enforced MOST laws are based on " precedents " and not on justice or right. A judge will ransack the maze of law for a precedent based on " custom," so that no man's conduct may be permitted to differ from an established order. For an individual to embrace and practice a new creed is regarded as well-nigh sacrilegious. This is why men are prosecuted and cast into prison in certain localities in free Amer-ica, for working on Sunday after they have conscientiously observed Saturday as the Sabbath. We often wonder if the time will ever come in America when its citizens will enjoy religious freedom, or will the conscientious minority always be enslaved by the tyrannical religious cus-toms of the majority? Theoretically the Constitution guarantees freedom to all, but practically we find that American jurists still enslave us with decisions based on English law and custom enacted under a church-and-state regime. What we long for is American judicature and American jurisprudence based on the 