36 LIBERTY that this is a Christian nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our government on an unde-niable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." This demand has finally crystallized into a proposition to preface the pre-amble to the Constitution with the words, " In the name of God." Pious-sounding and innocent-looking as this proposition may be, it contains the germ of all the evils of a union of church and state. Once in the Consti-tution, those five words will be used as the all-sufficient basis for all the legis-lation the advocates of a religious estab-lishment may see fit to demand. The nation will then be " Christian," and all " Christian laws, institutions, and usages " will be enforcible by law. This little leaven will leaven the whole lump. A union of religion and the state will then be effected; religious legislation and religious persecution will follow. What Sunday Legislation Means For one hundred years, or since 1811, efforts have been made in this country to secure national Sunday legislation. This likewise means a union of church and state. The Sabbath institution itself being religious, all laws which compel men to observe Sunday as a sabbath, or day of rest, must be religious. Through Sunday legislation largely, church and state were united in the fourth century. " In this way," says .Neander, " the church received help from the state for the furtherance of her ends." Out of this union grew all the persecutions of the Dark Ages and the Inquisition. Sunday legislation will result in the same evil now. The Present Movement The present movement for Sunday legislation by Congress is only another effort in a long line of attempts to se-cure such legislation, and unite church and state in this country. In Washing-ton nearly all the Protestant ministers of the city have united with the Catholic clergy in an effort to secure better Sun- (lay observance; and one method by which they propose to accomplish this is by inducing Congress to pass a Sun-clay law for the District of Columbia. The movement is headed by what is known as the " Interdenominational Committee on Sunday Observance," Dr. Wallace Radcliffe, pastor of the New York Avenue Presbyterian Church, being chairman. To arouse public sentiment in the movement, this committee not long ago distributed in Washington twenty thou-sand copies of a publication entitled, " A Christian Appeal in Behalf of Sunday Observance." This is addressed " To the People of Washington," and among other things says : Š " The custom of setting apart one day in seven from secular work for worship and communion with God antedates the ten commandments." No one can deny that the reason here Ł given for " setting apart one day in seven from secular .work " is religious. The reason is plainly stated. It is "for worship and communion with God." The publication further says : Š " To keep the Lord's day holy, Chris-tians must conscientiously make it a day of rest from all secular work." The prevailing idea throughout the whole publication is that " secular work " should cease on Sunday in order that the day may be devoted to " wor-ship; " that cessation from secular labor is a prerequisite to proper Sunday ob-servance. But this is precisely what the Sunday bills now in Congress call for Šcessation from secular work, trade, amusement, etc., on Sunday. The Johnston District Sunday bill (S. 404) is entitled, "A bill for the proper observance of Sunday as a day of rest in the District of Columbia," and pro-hibits ordinary labor, trade, and amuse-ments on that day, under a penalty of thirty dollars' fine, or thirty days' im-prisonment, or both. The grocers and shops bill (H. R. 13876) requires " certain places of busi-ness" in the District to be closed on Sun- 