34 LIBERTY The Platform of the Religious Liberty Association IN its issue for November, 1915, the Christian Statesman printed the platform of the Religious Liberty Association as it appears on the first inside cover page of LIBERTY, and then proceeded to dis-cuss the several planks seriatim. " With some of the ideas embodied in this declaration we are in hearty ac-cord," says the Statesman. " For exam-ple, we believe that civil government is a divine institution. We are opposed to the union of church and state. We ad-vocate the religious rights of men with respect to the matter of worship. We oppose all legislation that would tend to force upon any one a religious creed or form of worship. All this sounds very well; and if we could accept it at its face value, we might believe the Statesman and those for whom it speaks to be the friends, and not the enemies, of religious lib-erty. But in the light of other utter-ances by National Reform leaders, we must conclude that the Statesman does not mean all that its words might at first be understood to imply. Ł Cardinal Gibbons and the Catholic hierarchy in the United States are also in favor of " religious liberty." There is no doubt about it, for they acknowl-edge as much themselves ; but they do not mean by religious liberty what is generally understood from the use of that term. And no more do the National Reformers mean by religious liberty what we mean by it. In a speech made by Jonathan Ed-wards, D. D., in a National Reform con-vention held in New York City, Feb. 26, 27, 1873, that gentleman said : Š We want state religion, and we are going to have it. It shall be that so far as the affairs of state require religion, it shall be religion Š the religion of Jesus Christ. The Christian oath and Christian morality shall have in this land " an undeniable legal basis." We use the word religion in its proper sense, as meaning a man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God.Š"Proceedings of the  National Convention to Secure the Religious Amendment to the Constitution" (1873), page 6o. In the Pittsburgh convention of 1874, Prof. C. A. Blanchard made the matter still plainer, if possible, in these words: Constitutional laws punish for false money, weights, and measures, and of course Con-gress establishes a standard for money, weights, and measures. Sp Congress must establish a standard of religion, or admit any-thing called religion.Š"Proceedings of the Fifth National Reform Convention," page 7r. Their design, then, has been and is still to have the state obtrude itself into ev-ery man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God. Such a theory car-ried out would of course make outlaws of those who could not subscribe to their dogmas. And this result, indeed, lay so near the surface that Mr. Edwards him-self saw it, and spoke in relation to it as follows : Š Now, we are warned that to ingraft this doctrine upon the Constitution will be op-pressive; that it will infringe the rights of conscience; and we are told that there are atheists, deists, Jews, and Seventh-day Bap-tists who would be sufferers under it.Š"Pro-ceedings of the National Reform Convention" (1873), page 6o. But how does Mr. Edwards justify himself and those with whom he is asso-ciated in doing that which he knows would be intolerant toward these parties he names ? Let him answer the ques-tion, as he deals with that phase of the subject: Š What are the rights of the atheist? I would tolerate him as -I would tolerate a poor lu-natic; for in my view his mind is scarcely sound. So long as he does not rave, so long as he is not dangerous, 1 would tolerate him. I would tolerate him as I would a conspirator. The atheist is a dangerous man.ŠId., page 63. Then the atheist will be put under sur-veillance to see that he does not rave, that is, propagate his views. When he does this, he becomes dangerous, and must be restrained by the arm of the law. In other words, the National Re-formers want a law which will give them a monopoly in propagandism. But hav-ing learned what they propose to do with 