LIBERTY 9 ing that the Roman Church is the guard-ian of civil and religious liberty; but the history of that church and the policy of that church as expressed in ex cathedra utterances are an explicit refutation of all the new cardinal said upon that topic. Moreover, the cardinal knows it. C. M. S. 01 01 Will Not Dare Delay AN editorial in the United Presbyte-rian declares that one of the chief pur-poses of the Federal Council of Churches of Christ in America is to " gather to-gether the forces of the churches of Christ in America " " to secure a free Sabbath for the employed," and further declares that " it ought to be possible so to express the sentiment and voice the demands of the Christian churches in America that legislatures will not dare to delay these much-needed enactments. It is time that Protestant churches get so closely together that they will stand as a single, undivided force back of the pro-posals the Federal Council advocates." And this means nothing less than the en-forcement of religious ordinances, by compulsion of human law, upon all the people. It means the enactment of laws under force of threat, with the sworn representatives of the people legislating in harmony with the demands of a fac-tion rather than in harmony with their own conviction. It means the perform-ance of religious practises by force of human law rather than by force of con-science. And that means a return to the principles that ruled and ruined the world during the dark ages ; for they had in those days exactly what the journal above quoted is demanding now. The rulers then did not dare to refuse nor to delay granting what the church de-manded. Is America ready for such a backward step? The warnings of the American Congress of 1829 ought to be sounded- to-day in every portion of the  country : " Extensive religious combina-tions to effect a political object are, in the opinion of the committee, always dangerous. . . . All religious despotism commences by combination and influ-ence ; and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequence." Such a warning from such a source is entitled to considera- tion. c. M. s. ttE tV IV Cowardly Critics Now and then some apologist for Rome who hides under the signature " An Unbigoted Protestant," or some similar nom de plume, writes us to give vent to his feelings concerning the mat-ter which appears in this magazine. Of course he is " absolutely unprejudiced," and thinks any opposition to the plans of those who are seeking to restrict civil and religious liberty is pure " bigotry," or mere "prejudiced rot." Such writers do not understand the' first principles of manly warfare, as they do not have the courage to sign their names, but try to fight from ambush. We find plenty of room in our waste-basket for all such communications, and in defiance of the dire results predicted in them, we shall continue to proclaim the principles of liberty and to expose any attempt to es-tablish religion or religious observances by law. If that is bigotry, make the most of it. tV THE conclusions of scientific research can not supersede the revelation of truth made in the Hdly Scriptures ; and science can not of right demand assent to relig-ious dogmas, framed by itself, which are destructive of Biblical doctrines. This substitution of human for divine author-ity weakens the very foundation of relig-ious liberty. 