Patrick Henry reaching the climax of his eloquence Ł " Give me liberty, or give me death." It brought to,000 patriots into the field for freedom's cause. 104 LIBERTY satisfaction of men's consciences, to set forth the distinction between ecclesias-tical power and the power of the sword. We have taught, no doubt, that both of them, because of God's commandment, are dutifully to be reverenced and hon-ored as God's greatest blessings on this earth. But our view as to the distinc-tion is this : The power soul freedom, or, in other words, true Protestantism, was sent by the Hanover Presbytery to the General Assembly of Virginia. We have space in this article for only a very small part of this ex-cellent memorial. it is as follows : Š " In this enlightened age, and in a land where all of every denomination are of the keys, or the power of bishops, is, according to the gospel, of remit- ting and retaining sins and of administering the sacraments. . . . It is exercised only by teach-ing or preaching t h e word and administefing the sacraments to indi-viduals or to a number, as the case may call for. . . The administration of civil affairs has to deal with other matters than t h e gospel deals w i t h. The magistrate does not defend men's minds, but their bodies, and other corporal things, against manifest injuries; and he coerces men by the sword and by corporal pains, in or-der to uphold civil jus-tice and peace. Where-fore the ecclesiastical has its own command to preach the gospel and to administer the sacra-ments. Let it not intrude into the office of another than itself." -Surely no one will claim from these expressions that it is a part of Protes-tantism to enforce religious dogmas upon the citizens of any commonwealth. True Protestantism still maintains that same position. Still, in spite of all this, true religious liberty had a hard struggle against tyranny. In course of time, this struggle was transferred to the shores of the New World. In the memorable year 1776. a memorial on religious liberty, or  united in most strenuous efforts to be free, we hope and expect our representa-fives will .cheerfully concur in removing every species of religious as well as civil bondage. . . . We beg leave further to represent that religious establishments are highly injurious to the temporal inter-ests of any community. Without insist-ing upon the ambition and arbitrary practices of those who are favored by government, or the intriguing, seditious spirit which is commonly excited by this as well as by every other kind of op- 