6 LIBERTY THE Christian Register of September 15 truly says: Š Catholics are blind when they complain that the religious apostasy in Italy is due to the machinations of Protestants or to the influence of Freemasonry. It is the wholesome and natural upheaval which follows centuries of repression. There is a limit to what humanity can bear; and every church-and-state system some day reaches that limit, and the re-action sets in. Then the system reaps the result of its sowing. The fruit is bitter, and it complains ; but it has made the lives of its victims bitter, and it is only to be expected that God should mete out to such systems what they have meted out to those who have suffered at their hands. Said the Revelator to that great-est of all church-and-state powers : " Ren-der unto her even as she rendered, and double unto her the double according to her works : in the cup which she mingled, mingle unto her double. How much so-ever she glorified herself, and waxed wanton, so much give her of torment and mourning : for she saith in her heart, I sit a queen, and am no widow, and shall in nowise see mourning. Therefore in one day shall her plagues come, death, and mourning, and famine; and she shall be utterly burned with fire; for strong is the Lord God who judged her." Rev. 18 : 6-8. That is the end of all church-and-state systems, which have culminated in, or federated into, the one great re-ligio-political system that will be found sitting on the Tiber when that verdict of the Supreme Court of the universe is handed down. The Decadence of the Pulpit FOR some years there has been in both the religious and secular press a discus-sion of what is termed the decadence of the modern pulpit, and various reasons have been assigned for this tendency by those who admit its existence. By some, the blame is placed upon the smallness  of the preacher's salary; by others, upon the fact that the increased love of money is sending into worldly pursuits an ever-increasing number of the brightest young men of the country, who, had they been soundly converted to Christ, might have been as striking characters in the religious world as were Wesley, or Beecher, or Moody. Others place the blame within the church itself, due to a lack of scrutiny in the matter of the character of its own membership. Wherever the blame may lie,Š and it may lie along all three of these lines,Š it is certain that there are in the ministry to-day men whose lack of spirituality and whose disbelief of the Word of God are bringing into the church a membership whose feet are not planted on the Rock of Ages, and whose hearts have not been fully surrendered to the Prince of Peace. Recently there appeared in the press of this country an-nouncements of the fact that a certain Chicago minister had resigned his pas-torate in a fashionable church to go on the stage. The reason given was the smallness of this preacher's salary. In the write-up given of this incident in a Chicago daily, it is stated that Š the recently expounded theory that the decadence of the modern pulpit is due to the fact that preachers are not paid sal-aries sufficient to keep body and soul to-gether found further support to-day in the resignation of Rev. Dudley C. Fosher. This is a view often taken by the men of the world and the unconverted mem-ber of the church, but the choice which this pastor made of an occupation fol-lowing the resignation of his pastorate is more an indication of lack of spiritual fervor and zeal for the cause of God than it is a lack of sufficient salary to maintain his household. There is no question but that there are many others placed over the various churches of the country who are on the verge of resign-ing their pastorates because of a salary 