LIBERTY 25 ( stitution of the States and of the United States, and that is the protection of the individual in person, property, and repu-tation. The national Constitution guar-antees the greatest liberty ; but every man's liberty must be bounded by every other man's right of protection. This marks the difference between civilization and savagery, between the rule of law and the rule of anarchy. The Constitu-tion guarantees freedom of the press, but it does not guarantee immunity from punishment when that freedom is abused; otherwise it would be impossible to punish him who would use the press to libel another, defame his character, or destroy his property. A man's busi-ness is his property. The state is in duty bound to protect a man in the pos-session of his property. The state must stand between a man's business and him who would ruin it. For that reason the state can not sanction the boycott; it can not sanction means, either direct or indirect, that are used to bring about a boycott, or continue it after it is insti-tuted. To claim that freedom of speech and of the press are infringed when men are restrained from saying or writing that which will bring injury upon an- other, shows a complete misunderstand-ing of what that freedom means and what law stands for. While freedom of speech and of the press does not mean that only pleasing things can be said and written, neither does it mean that the press and the platform can be lawfully used to malign and destroy. Such an in- terpretation of that freedom would mean human passion run riot and human rights trampled in the dust Š the football of the mob. It is not the restriction of freedom of speech and freedom of the press which the Federation fears, so much as the re- striction of its right to use the press and the platform to institute and perpetuate boycotts. This has been unionism's strongest weapon in beating down oppo-sition to its demands. Small wonder, then, that it should strenuously oppose  a decision or an injunction which takes from it the strongest weapon in its arsenal. Judge Wright has been strongly criti-cized for the vehemence of his language, which it must be admitted is in many places lacking in the usual calmness of judicial decisions. The reason for this will be found in the following extract from that document: Š " Before the injunction was granted, these men announced that neither they nor the American Federation of Labor would obey it; since it issued, they have refused to obey it; and through the American Federation of Labor, disobe-dience has been successfully achieved, and the law has been made to fail. Not only has the law failed in its effort to arrest a wide-spread wrong, but the in-jury has grown more destructive since the injunction than it was before. . . . There is a studied, determined, defiant conflict precipitated in the light of open day between the decrees of a tribunal ordained by the government of the fed-eral Union and of the tribunals of an-other federation, grown up in the land; one or the other must succumb, for those who would unlaw the law are public ene-mies." The judge looked upon the action of the Federation officials as an attack Šsuccessful unless prevented Š upon the very foundation of civilized society, the law itself. The injunction had failed to prevent the attack. Viewing the matter in this light, the fervid denunciations of the judge may be understood, if not ex-cused. Believing the injunction dis-obeyed, and the law itself set at naught, there was no course open but to punish the offenders. Criticism of the judge's vehemence should not be allowed to ob- scure the facts, nor should the plea of " freedom of speech and of the press " be made a shield to protect those who use such freedom to injure and malign. Liberty is not license, and freedom is limited by just laws. These principles must be regarded. 