LIBERTY 31 troduced, providing " that no labor in con-structing buildings, or railroads, or hauling material therefor, shall be permitted in the District of Columbia on the Sabbath day." This bill is objectionable for the same general reasons as set forth regarding H. R. 4897, and for the further reason that its passage would necessitate the settling of a religious controversy by legislation. The bill states that no labor of certain kinds " shall be permitted in the District of Co-lumbia on the Sabbath day." There is a decided difference of opinion among religious denominations as to which day of the seven is " the Sabbath day." If the law should be so amended as to specify which day is meant, then the national government has decided this religious controversy. If the law does not specify the particular day, then it is left for the courts to decide a religious controversy Š an undertaking which is entirely outside the purview of civil government, and outside the jurisdiction of the courts. Furthermore, the right to labor is a right of which the government can not in justice deprive the least of its cit-izens. If the government can take from the citizen the right to labor on any day, it can take from him his right to labor on all days. In country districts men are compelled by law to cease from their own toil for a certain number of days, and spend that portion of time in making and repairing roads. That is called " working out their road tax." If now men shall be compelled by law to cease labor for one seventh of their time because of the religious character Senate Bill No. 1519 declares " that the issuing and paying of money-orders, and the registering of letters and delivery of reg-istered mail on Sundays, is hereby pro-hibited in the mail service of the United States." This bill, which seems the least objection-able, has bound up in it the same danger-ous principles contained in the other two, in that the national government is to make a distinction between Sunday and other days. There came before the Congress of of that portion of time, what tax is this but a religious tax? It matters not that the government requires rest instead of work on that day. If the government can " commondere " the day, it can direct as to what shall be done or shall not be done thereon. The tax consists in the taking of the day rather than in what is required upon the day. If, therefore, the govern-ment sets apart one day of the seven as a day upon which labor must be suspended because of the religious convictions of a portion of the people, it has in that act vir-tually taxed its citizens for the support of religion, one seventh of their earning power, and has instituted a union of church and state, truly, if not avowedly. POST-OFFICE, WASHINGTON, D. C. the United States, in the year 1829, a memorial " praying for a repeal of so much of the post-office law as authorizes the mail to be transported and opened on Sunday." The Senate Committee on Post-offices and Post-roads, to whom the memorial had been referred, said in its report: Š If the principle is once established that relig-ion, or religious observances, shall be interwoven with our legislative acts, we must pursue it to its ultimatum. We shall, if consistent, provide for the erection of edifices for worship of the Cre-ator, and for the support of Christian ministers, if we believe such measures will promote the interests of Christianity.Š United States Senate Report en Sunday Mails, Jan. 19 1829. 