LIBERTY 111 retary of the Interior should have dis-cretionary power to acquire the buildings of such sectarian schools as could be used to advantage by the United States. On the floor of the House, however, the chairman of the House Committee on In-dian Affairs said he was unofficially ad-vised that Catholic authorities would sell none of their buildings. This statement was borne out by the subsequent course of events. In the annual report of April 8, 19o4, page 6, the director of the Bu-reau of Catholic Indian. Missions called attention to the fact that the sale of the buildings at Pryor Creek, Crow Reser-vation, Mont., where the mission school " was discontinued many years ago," and " the buildings were becoming dilapi-dated," was the " only instance of the sale to the government of a Catholic mis-sion-school plant on any of the reserva-tions." Two non-reservation schools, however, which can be classified only as Catholic schools, were sold to the United States, although not by the Bureau of Catholic Indian Missions ; they were Clontarf, Minn., with a capacity of 8o students, purchased in 1897 for $10,060, and on Feb. 13, 1900, sold to M. P. Ho-bart, of Minneapolis, for $4,000; and Morris School, Minn., with a capacity of 15o students, purchased in 1897 for $18,-336, and by the act of March 3, 1909 (35 Stat. L. 781, 792), granted to the State of Minnesota. Although the Catholic authorities have in general refrained from selling their buildings to the United States, some other denominations and individuals sold a few of their buildings, of which I have a list here. Presbyterians leased two buildings to the United States : Š " Ramona boarding-school, New Mex-ico, with capacity of 40, July I, 1895, at $6o per annum. This lease was contin-ued for only nine months. " Jemez day-school No. 1, July I, 1896, at $ioo. This lease was discontinued in 1909." This plan of leasing school buildings has been used by the Catholics since  1896 ; they have now leased to the United States some fourteen schools, at the time of making the leases having their em-ployees classified in the civil service with-out examination, in accordance with a ruling of the Civil Service Commission in its letter of June io, 1895, as fol-lows : Š " The commission is in receipt of your communication of June 3, requesting that the superintendents, teachers, and ma-trons of the following contract schools whose transfer to the government is pending, be included in the classified service without examination by the Civil Service Commission. In an interview with the superintendent of Indian schools the commission's attention was called to the fact that certain sectarian or contract schools proposed to transfer the entire schools to the Indian Service, and the commission agreed that these schools should be treated in the same way that a post-office is treated when it becomes a free-delivery office; that the fact of its becoming a free-delivery office extends the classification to that office ; and as this was a condition also made by these con-tract schools in agreeing to the transfer, it has been ordered that the Montana In-dustrial School, Brow Agency, Mont.; Hope School, Springfield, S. Dak. ; Green-ville School, Greenville, Cal..; and the Wittenberg School, Wittenberg, Wis., be treated as having been brought into the classified service, including such of the employees as may be reported to the Civil Service Commission. Vacancies hereafter occurring in these schools, how-ever, will be filled from the eligible regis-ters of the commission. " Please inform the commission of the names, with the positions and dates of entry into the service, of the employees at these schools, treated as classified." Mission authorities who wished to sell their schools to the United States, defi- nitely and finally parting with all interest in them, apparently had asked that their former employees be' retained, and the letter of the commission resulted. Upon the soundness of the ruling of the com- 