16 LIBERTY the Attorney-General, the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Commerce and Labor, Chief Justice White of the Supreme Court of the United States, the minister of Costa Rica, the minister of Bolivia, the minister of San Salvador, the minister of Venezuela, the minister of Cuba, the minister of Uruguay, the minister of Nicaragua, the minister of Chile, the minister of Haiti, the minister of Guatemala, the minister of the Domin-ican Republic, the minister of Peru, the minister of Colombia, the minister of Honduras, the minister of Panama, the charge d'affaires of Argentina, the secre-taries of the Mexican legation, and other prominent officials of church and state. Following the services, the members of the diplomatic corps and other invited male guests were escorted to the rectory of the church, where luncheon was served. The government officials inform-ally complimented the clergy and mem-bers of the Pan-American Union for the success of the ceremony. They lauded the high ideals which prompted the movement to cement the bonds of friend-ship between the republics of the Amer-icas. President Taft did not attend the luncheon, but was represented by Secre- tary of the Treasury MacVeagh and Attorney-General Wickersham. Chief Justice White of the Supreme Court and District Commissioners Rudolph and Judson, with many of the leading busi-ness men of the District, were also pres-ent at this function. Cardinal Gibbons at the luncheon spoke eloquently of Pres-ident Taft, and praised the " fine dis-crimination which enables him to select the right men for the right place," men-tioning the selection of Chief Justice White (a Catholic) as an illustration of this admirable quality in the President. It has been the oft-asserted purpose of the Roman Catholic Church to " make America Catholic," and these annual Pan-American Thanksgiving masses are designed to make and to keep both Americas Catholic by binding them more solidly together, and then, through the influence of the powerful diplomacy at Washington, to use the great influence of the government of the United States to hold the other nations in line. There will be no such striking falling away in the western hemisphere as she has been forced to witness in the eastern if the great American hierarchy can accomplish its purpose. C. M. S. The Catholic Church and the Catholic Vote Archbishop Bonzano's FOR years we have spoken plainly against any action on the part of any organization, either Protestant or Cath-olic, tending to introduce church influ-ence into politics, and we have earnestly urged that the separation between church and state established by the founders of the republic should be main-tained. While Protestants are bound by their profession to be true to this right principle, they have violated it in urging the enactment of Sunday laws; Remarkable Utterance but in the very nature of the case it was inevitable that the church which advo-cated a union of church and state would act squarely upon this wrong principle. We knew that it would come, and that it was only a question of time. The Ro-man hierarchy in America can not be true to the principles of the Papacy and yet refrain from attempting to control the political conduct of Roman Cath-olics. According to chapter three of the 