LIBERTY 43 for Man," edition of 1885, page 86, in the following words: Š " The largest of all elements of hope for the Sabbath, except our faith in God, is the prohibition wave which is moving through both the West and South of the United States, and which will finally close the saloons on the Sabbath in the only way that has ever been found permanently effectual, by closing them altogether. " While there are but seven of the United States and three Territories where the law does not specifically require the closing of liquor shops through all of the Sabbath, the only States which enforce Sunday closing are those which prohibit liquor selling on all days Š Maine, Kansas, Iowa. Vermont, and New Hampshire." This admission that the saloons must be closed every day of the week in order to have them effectively closed on Sunday, though true, makes inconsistent much of the work of the present Sunday-law move-ment, and was evidently unwittingly made, for in subsequent editions of the same book this statement is omitted, which is evidence that the elevation and observance of Sun-day by civil enactments occupies a place of paramount interest in this movement to that of genuine temperance reform. This fact is further emphasized by the statement of another champion of Sunday laws, Rev. Frederick J. Stanley, general secretary of the American Sabbath Union, who recently said:,  " The civil law for the Sabbath is far above that of temperance." From all this it is plain that the question of temperance reform is of minor impor-tance in this movement for the exaltation of Sunday by civil enactment. Let no one be deceived, therefore, by this frenzied clamor for the Sunday closing of the saloon. It is not zeal for temperance, but for the exaltation of Sunday by civil law. True devotion to the temperance cause will de-mand the closing of saloons on all days. To demand that they be closed on Sunday only is a demand for Sunday legislation rather than for temperance legislation. All lovers of true temperance reform should unite their efforts in a vigorous cam- paign against the manufacture and sale of intoxicating liquors on every day in the week. Let these efforts be made strictly in the interests of true temperance reform, and not make the temperance issue a mere " rider " on which to bring in enforced  Sunday observance. The attempts which have been put forth for mere Sunday clo-sing have caused many to question the sin-cerity of those who have made such loud claims as temperance advocates, while in reality they have made the question of little importance in comparison with their zeal in trying to secure more rigid Sunday laws. It should not be forgotten that when the state enacts a Sunday law, it matters not what the particular character of the law may be, it enters the realm of religion, for the Sunday institution is a religious insti-tution. When the state enters the realm of religion, it invades the rights of conscience, which, in the end, must logically lead to the establishment of the Inquisition. God has reserved to himself the administration of moral government. To him alone are men responsible in religious matters ; but he has ordained the state to have jurisdiction over civil affairs,* The liquor traffic comes within the realm of civil law, because it is a menace to society and life, and can, there-fore, be properly prohibited by the strong arm of the state on every day in the week. In doing this the state is no more inter-fering with individual rights than when it makes laws against theft, murder, or any other crime. Had the reform against intemperance been prosecuted in harmony with right principles, we might to-day have seen infi-nitely greater results in the overthrow of the monstrous evil of the liquor traffic. LIBERTY stands uncompromisingly op-posed to the saloon on every day of the week, and believes in exerting every possi-ble effort, with voice, vote, pen, and press, to bring about its ultimate overthrow. The fruitless results of the attempts which have been made for so many years to unite the Sunday-closing movement with the temperance reform ought to have suffi-ciently demonstrated that such a course can only result in failure to the temperance cause. Let all friends of true temperance unite in a great movement to mold public sentiment on grounds that are not ques-tionable. Let them not stultify their efforts by making demands that the saloon shall be closed on one day in the week only. No half-hearted, and if no half-hearted, cer-tainly no seventh-hearted, efforts can meet the demands of this tremendous issue. All success to the temperance cause, but let the campaign be conducted on right principles. 