LORD MACAULAY " The Inquisition was armed with new powers. . . . Heretical books were LIBERTY 35 Dodd, Mead & Co. sent their representa-tive to us, and not only expressed a desire to avoid misstatements in their encyclo-pedia, but asked for some one to excise whatever might be offensive. ... Mr. Conde B. Pallen took the matter in hand, and was afforded full liberty to revise and correct not only the topics which dealt profess-edly with Catholic subjects, but those also which might have even an indirect bearing on them. . . . The firm has done all in its power to make it acceptable to Catholics. And, curiously enough, in another edi-torial in the Catholic Mirror, we are informed that another prominent firm, not to be outdone by Dodd, Mead & Co., also employed a Jesuit as one of the editors of its newly issued encyclopedia. The editor says : Š The Rev. John J. Wynne, S. J., editor of the " Messen-ger" [now president and treas-urer of the new Catholic week-ly, "America"], announces that he has ceased to act as asso-ciate editor of the " Encyclo-pedia Americana." He had been acting in that capacity at various intervals during the past few years, ADVISING THE EDITORS in their choice of contributors and topics of interest to Catholics. He had helped them also to REVISE CERTAIN THINGS that were ERRON-EOUS or OFFENSIVE to Catholics in their HISTOR-ICAL and DOCTRINAL ar-ticles. Henceforth, no agent of the Americana is authorized to use his name in behalf of the encyclopedia; and, lest there should be any misunderstanding about his opinion of the work, he notifies Catholic purchasers that it was never within his province as as-sociate editor to exclude articles that were either defective or erroneous in any respect except in so far as they concerned Catholic DOCTRINE, HISTORY, and PRAC-TISE." [Capitals ours.] We can testify that the agents of these encyclopedias do make use of the names of these Jesuits in canvassing their customers. We remember one agent in particular, who, to induce us to purchase the work, drew from his pocket a facsimile typewritten letter, signed by one of the priests just men-tioned, stating that he had been priv-ileged to edit every article pertaining in any way to the Catholic Church or its  interests. In many cases, articles at-tempting to gloss over such subjects as " The Inquisition," " The Massacre of St. Bartholomew," or other kindred topics, are signed by the priests writing them. In conclusion, it might be well to mention still another method used by the enemies of historic truth to induce authors and publishers to make such changes in' the text of their books as shall serve the purpose of Catholicism. The plan is quite fully outlined in an editorial printed in the " Saturday Re-view " edition of the New York Times, dated Jan. 20, 190o. Following is the ex-tract: Š Not a few Catholic circula-ting libraries have a commit-tee of censors, who pass, be-fore purchasing, upon new books submitted by pub-lishers. Wherever Catholic dogma or history is misrepresented, the same is marked and re-turned to the publisher. Rarely are the censors' objections now ignored by publisher or author. Not the least interesting let-ters filed at the Cathedral Li- The foregoing statements, collected from a host of others equally strong, clearly show the sharp contrast between the principles of the Papacy and those of the founders of our government with reference to the citizen's right to free speech and the free printed utterance of his opinions. sought out and destroyed. brary are from leading pub-. . . Works which were lishing-houses of the country, once in every house were stating that this or that objec-so effectually suppressed tion in such or such a volume that no copy of them is has been forwarded to the now to be found in the . author, who assures that no most extensive libraries." misrepresentation was intend-- "Essays," Vol. III, ed, and that in a second edi- pages 482, 483 tion the objectionable matter will be eliminated. How largely this tolerance on the part of publisher and author is prompted by com-mercial enterprise, is not questioned here. The fact remains that the Roman Catholic population of the city is no small factor in its intellectual growth, and editor and pub-lisher find it to their profit not to give offense. Publishers are lending every aid to facil-itate the work [of introducing Roman Cath-olic literature]. Houghton, Mifflin & Co. publish the works of eighteen Catholic authors. 