IN TERIOR OF JEFFERSON'S HOME LIBERTY  13 ciples of civil and religious freedom, and the separation of church and state, as set forth in the guaranties of freedom in our federal Constitution and the Declaration of Independence. Jefferson has rightly been called " the apostle of individual freedom." His de- sire to see the individual freed from the tyranny of the past, was not a blind, vague idea of freeing him for the mere sake of being free, but he wanted to give liberty to each individual so that all the people might develop themselves in char-acter, in intelligence, and in the science of self-govern-ment. He loved to be a free man himself, and his unfaltering de-termination was to do what he could toward giving freedom to all people. In 1776 he in-troduced his bill to secure reli-gious freedom in Virginia, and for ten full years he strug-gled unceasingly with his opponents be-fore he succeeded ; but after he won his victory, his " act of religious freedom " became the vanguard to pioneer the way for the enactment of the bill of rights in the other States. Thus the United States, at her very inception, started as no other nation ever started. She was founded on the divine principles of a separation of church and state, so clearly announced by Jesus Christ when he said, " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." England, with her centuries of civiliza-tion, maintained barriers that merely for reasons of religious belief excluded na-tive-born Englishmen from holding pub-lic offices even down to the year 1888. Jefferson's public life was greatly em- bittered toward its close by many un-scrupulous political and ecclesiastical critics, but never did they succeed in alienating from him the confidence and tender affections of the people, to whose welfare he had consecrated all the ener-gies and talents of his life. They looked upon him as a second Moses who had brought them " out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage." In spite of all the murmuring of his hostile critics, they knew that this colossal giant among men was their unchang-ing friend and devoted benefactor. " T 11 e cler-gy," says Jef-ferson, enter-tained " a very favorite hope o f  obtaining a n  establish- ment of a par-ticular form of Christian-ity throughout the United States ; and as every sect be-lieves its form the true one, every one per-haps hoped for his own." Jefferson adds these words:Ñ " The returning good sense of our country threatens abortion to their hopes, and they believe -that any portion of power confided to me will be exerted in opposition to their schemes. And they believe rightly ; for I have sworn upon the altar of God, eternal hostility against any form of tyranny over the mind of man. But this is all they have to fear from me: and enough, too, in their opin-ion. And this is the cause of their print-ing lying pamphlets against me, forging conversations for me with Mazzei, Bishop Madison, etc., which are absolute false-hoods without a circumstance of truth to rest on. " But enough of this. It is more than I have before committed to paper on the subject of all the lies that have been 