108 LIBERTY violent conflict between papists and Prot-estants. The reformed religion had just been adopted by the state. Calvin de-cided to remain in Geneva, and devote himself to the cause of the Reformation. " He soon found himself at the head of the whole movement, political as well as religious ; and by his iron hand a theocracy of a very stern type was established. The reformed doctrine became a civil duty, and dogmatical deviations were treated as treason. Ecclesias-tical discipline was carried even into the rou-tine of daily life, and a breach of its dictates was punished as a crime."Š Id., art. "Ge-neva." Calvin's Theocracy Calvin formed a " church court," which had " full authority to maintain discipline." " On Nov. 20, 1541, at a popular meeting, the scheme he drew up was ratified. This pro-vided for a consistory composed of six city ministers and twelve elders,Š one of the lat-ter to be a syndic, and their president,Š which met every Thursday, and put under church discipline, without respect of persons, every species of evil-doers."Š Id., art. " Calvin." This was a government after Calvin's own heart. It was the theocracy which he aimed to establish. The church con-trolled the state, and Calvin controlled the church. It is not surprising that his-torians have called Geneva the " Rome of Protes- tantism," and Cal- vin a " prophet king." " His system of church pol-ity was essen-tially theo-cratic; it as-sumed that every member of the state John Calvin was also under the discipline of the church , and he asserted that the right of exercising this discipline was vested exclusively in the consistory, or body of preachers and elders. . . Nor was it only in religious matters that Calvin busied himself ; nothing was in-different to him that concerned the welfare and good order of the state or the advantage of its citizens. His work, as has been justly said, " embraced everything; " he was con-sulted on every affair, great and small, that came before the council,Šon questions of law, police, economy, trade, and manufactures, no less than on questions of doctrine and church polity."Š Encyclopedia Britannica, art. " Calvin." The government established by Calvin, and over which he exercised almost ab-solute control, bore such a striking re-semblance in form to the Jewish the-ocracy that Wylie, speaking of Geneva, says: " Calvin took the Jewish theocracy as his model when he set to work to frame, or rather to complete, the Genevan republic. What we see on the banks of the Leman is a theocracy. . . . The government exercised a presiding and paternal guardianship over all interests and causes, civil and spiritual. Geneva, in this respect, was a reproduction of the Old Testament state of society."Š"History of Protestantism," book 1o, p. 284. Yes, Calvin's government exercised a " paternal guardianship over all interests and causes, civil and spiritual." It inter-fered with the private affairs of the peo-ple to such an extent that it became in-tolerable. On one occasion the people arose in rebellion and banished Calvin from Geneva. At the end of two years he returned with a firm determination to persevere in his course to the end. Those who spoke against Calvin's religion or doctrines were severely punished.  Ameaux, who declared that Calvin's re-ligion was " deceit and tyranny," was compelled " to walk through the streets bareheaded, *carrying a lighted candle. and to make confession of his fault on his knees."Š Id., book 17, p. 31o. Gruet, on a charge of infidelity, was condemned and beheaded. Jerome Hermes Bolsec was imprisoned, and finally banished, on the same grounds. Michael Servo-us was Persecuted and 