HON. WALTER L. FISHER, SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR LIBERTY 75 This act was passed to meet the de-cision of the supreme court of Pennsyl- vania in 1894, in the case of Hysong vs. School District (164 Pa., 629), which refused to restrain the employment of Sisters of Charity wearing their garb,  in the public schools, although it held these teachers even after school hours could not in the public-school building teach the catechism of their church. The statute was upheld in Common-wealth vs. Herr (229 Pa., 132). In 1872 Judge Alphonso Taft in passing ad-versely upon the reading of the Bible and the singing of hymns in pub-lic schools, said these practises were " Protes-t a n t worship, and are used as a symbol o f Protestant supremacy, and as such are offensive to Catholics a n d Jews." An important distinction is to be kept in mind here. There must be no mis-conception o f what is pro-posed. Too great emphasis can not be laid on this. The point of objection in the case of these teachers is not their re-ligion, not their membership in a church,  or society, not that they hold ecclesias-tical offices. None of these things Š no question of personal disqualification Šis thought of. " There is no reason either in morals or in law why they or any other qualified persons should not be allowed thus to teach, whatever may be their religious convictions, provided they do not by their  acts promote any denominational doc-trine or tenet." The sole objection is to the garb, and to the fact that it promotes denomina-tional tenets. Suggestions will perhaps be made that since under their vows these employees can not lay aside their garb,Š if that is so,Š and so can not serve in the schools if Circular No. 6o1 ,is sustained, they are in effect disqualified from employment by reason of their re-ligion in violation of the Constitutional provision thatŠ No religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office or public trust un-der the United States." Š Art. 6, par. 3. But this can not for a mo-ment be ad-mitted. Of course, a s al-ready pointed out, nothing of the sort was in-tended. As the court said in the Herr case : -- " We can not assent to the proposition that the intent or the effect of the leg-islation is to disqualify any person from employment as a teacher ' on account of his religious sentiments.' It is directed against acts, not beliefs, and only against acts of the teacher whilst engaged in the performance of his or her duties as such teacher. . . . Chief Justice Waite said : ' Laws are made for the government of actions, and while they can not interfere with mere religious belief and opinions, they may interfere with practises. . . . So here, as a law of the organization of society under the exclusive dominion of 