A Sunday Ordinance Declared Void Recent Court Case in the District of Columbia MORE than a local interest attaches to the question of the regulation of Sun-day observance by law in the District of Columbia, as is shown by the attention given to this matter by such general or-ganizations as the Lord's Day Alliance of the United States, the International Reform Bureau, and the National Re-form Association. Although many ef-forts have been made in recent years to secure the passage of a general Sunday law for the District, all such efforts have thus far been unsuccessful. At the same time, it has been generally understood that all saloons, and barber shops within a certain territory, were closed on the first day of the week by legal enactment. By a recent decision, however, of the Dis-trict police court it has been determined that there is no legal hindrance to the opening of barber shops in the District on Sunday. The facts bearing upon this case are here given. Previous to the year 1871 there were three separate forms of municipal gov-ernment in the District of Columbia.Šthe corporation of the city of Washing-ton, the corporation of the city of Georgetown, and the levy-court. Each one of these governing bodies controlled certain well-defined territory. By act of Congress approved Feb. 2r, 1871, the charters of the city of Washington and of the city of Georgetown were repealed, the levy-court was abolished, and the plan introduced of governing the Dis-trict by a board of commissioners. An, ordinance was passed in 1869 by the board of aldermen and the council of the old city of Washington, forbid-ding the opening of barber shops on Sun-day within the city limits. This ordi-nance applied only to the old city of 6o  Washington, comprising in a general way the territory bounded by the east branch of fhe Potomac, what is now known as Florida Avenue, Rock Creek, and the Potomac. Since the act of 1871 it seems to have been assumed that all the old city ordinances not specifically repealed were still in force, and upon this basis barbers within the limits of the old city of Wash-ington have been compelled to close their shops on Sunday during all these years, or to pay such fines as the police court might impose. Just recently the proprie-tor of quite a large establishment was ar-rested for keeping his place open on Sun-day. When the case came to trial in the police court, the attorney for the de-fendant moved to quash the informa-tion Š because the act of the board of aldermen and the board of common council of the city of Washington passed on the sev-enteenth day of September, 1869, was repealed by the act of Congress passed on the twenty-first day of February. 1871. " Additional grounds " for making this motion were stated to be : Š r. The ordinance on which the opin-ion is based is unconstitutional and void. 2. Because the act of Congress of Feb. 13, 1878, conferred no authority upon the Commissioners of the District of Co-lumbia to enact such an ordinance. 3. Because the ordinance is unreason-able, unequal, and uncertain. Judge Pugh, of the police court, sus-tained the motion, and the case was therefore thrown out of court. The decision in this case was based upon an opinion rendered not long ago in the court of appeals of the District of Columbia, and reported in Volume 33 of " Appeal Cases of the District of Co- 