EDITORIAL THE last things the lovers of liberty should be guilty of are bigotry and in-tolerance. stl tV THE friends of a good cause often bring odium upon it by manifesting more zeal than knowledge. If they desire to gain favor and win, they must feed their enemies on the milk of human kindness and charity instead of on malice and con-demnation. !V StE SOME men write culture in big letters ŠCULTURE Š and Christianity in small letters Š christianity. Likewise they write the words REF OR M A-TION and regeneration in the same striking contrast. If culture could save the world, then Athens, not Calvary, would be the center of admiration and devotion today. t* ttE SOLOMON praises the woman whose tongue is controlled by " the law of kind-ness." He then likens the true church to such a woman. The governments of earth are likened in the Scriptures to ravenous beasts devouring one another. What an incongruous combination it would be to unite the true church and the state according to the Biblical descrip-tion of both! Whenever the two are united, the church exchanges " the law of kindness " for " the law of force and oppression," and partakes of the nature of " the ravenous beast." Eze. 22 : 25-28. OE Of ME You cannot compromise with arith-metic or the compass. There is but one correct answer to give Łto any problem and one direct course to takeŁ in order to reach a destination. Likewise you cannot  make a compromise between truth and error, or between right and wrong. There is no middle ground. Yet the majority have nearly always been in the wrong, and have claimed the right to take a course independent of the true leadings of the compass, and to work their problems contrary to the rules of arithmetic, while denying to the minority the rights and privileges they claim for themselves. When the oligarchies were in power, they took to themselves these rights, and took them away from the majority. The difficulty lies not in the arithmetic nor the compass, but in the fact that some, when they are clothed with authority and power, want to be the judges and monitors for others. The right to differ is a divine pertnissio.1 granted even to the meanest, or the devil would have been annihilated in the be-ginning. THERE can be no development of moral character without freedom of choice in religious matters. God has omnipotent power, yet he has never em-ployed it to compel angels or men to go contrary to their own choice. Freewill service and heart religion only are ac-ceptable and of value in the sight of God. All this legislation for enforcing religion, such as compelling Sunday ob-servance, is contrary to God's plan, and can only engender hypocrisy. It is state religion, but not God's religion. God wants and needs no help from Caesar. tV ME THE difference between a devil and a saint is the difference between hate and charity. One is actuated by the rule of selfishness, and the other by the golden rule. One believes in liberty to do 37 