LIBERTY 47 might actually happen in some places, if not here, under the referendum laws) should de-mand a referendum on the ten commandments, and should vote to abrogate them all, what then,' He replied, Oh, well, now, that is an extreme case.' I said, Yes, but the Sabbath is one of the ten commandments.' " It is evident if the majority have a right to vote out one of the ten commandments, they have a right to abrogate them all, either singly or collectively. That is the only consistent, log-ical outcome if we admit the principle of un-qualified referendum." In this is ignored the fact that the real question which the New York Leg-islature referred to the people was not the obligation of the ten commandments as the moral law, but whether or not they would be governed civilly by the in-terpretation put upon the fourth com-mandment by Dr. Miller and other par-tisans of the civilly enforced Sunday institution. The good doctor seems blind to the fact that all so-called Sabbath legisla-tion involves not only interpretation of the divine law, but often considerable modification of it. This was true of the Sunday law of New York even before the referendum feature criticized by Dr. Miller was introduced. For example, in Section 9 of that law relating to " pub-lic traffic," besides the sale of foods be-fore ten o'clock A. m. Sunday, manufac-tured tobacco, soda water, fruits, flow-ers, confectionery, and newspapers might be sold at any hour of the day. Barber-ing, while prohibited generally in the State on Sunday, might be lawfully done up to one o'clock P. M. in New York City and Saratoga Springs. Now we submit that from the stand-point of enforcing the moral obligations of the divine law, all such exceptions are evil and only evil continually. The great mistake is, however, in as-suming that the state has any duty what-ever to enforce the divine law, or that it has any right to legislate from any such standpoint. This should Be evident even upon the most superficial examina-tion of the subject. The people are above the legislature. If therefore the legislature may legislate concerning the divine law, and may decide that tobacco  ice cream, candy, and newspapers may be sold on Sunday, why may not the people decide that baseball may be played ? The truth is that the ten command-ments are a moral law, binding upon the conscience of morally responsible per-sons, and cannot be enforced by the state. The only duty of the state is to enforce civil order and civil duties. Further than this the state cannot go without taking unwarranted liberties with the divine law. What must thousands of Europeans coming to our shores think when upon landing almost under the shadow of the Statue of " Liberty Enlightening the World " they learn that here in some respects the people have less liberty than in the lands from which they come? This is notably true in the matter of compulsory Sunday observance. Though as a Christian institution Sunday is a creation of the Roman Catholic Church, it is enforced even in Rome only by the church. There, after attending mass in the morning, the people are free to do as they please for the rest of the day. As a matter of church regulations the Church of Rome requires attendance at mass Sunday morning, but leaves her people free for the rest of the day to do pretty much as they please. It has been left to Protestants to use the power of the state to enforce upon all the peo-ple the observance of an institution of the Catholic Church. 1tE IV A Great Religious Trust (Continued from page 42) This shows clearly that this great re-ligious " trust " expects to dominate the civil government and use it as a tool to enforce their common doctrines and re-ligious practices. The church is seeking political .power, and intends to employ the police force to make people religious in form at least. She is attempting to put her religious laws and usages upon a legal basis. The church is in neat, 