Divine Prophecy and Human History W. A. SPICER THE testimony of history to the ful-filment of prophecy affords sure and certain evidence that the Bible is of di-vine inspiration. The Lord challenges every man to face the evidence :Š " I have declared the former things from the beginning; and they went forth out of my mouth, and I showed them; I did them suddenly, and they came to pass." Isa. 48: 3. Let us note some crises in human his-tory, concerning which prophecy spoke long years and even centuries before the events transpired. The Witness to Cyrus A hundred years before the birth of Cyrus, of Persia, who overthrew the power of Babylon, the prophet Isaiah had written :Š " Thus saith the Lord to his anointed, to Cyrus, whose right hand I have holden, to subdue nations before him ; and I will loose the loins of kings, to open before him the two-leaved gates ; and the gates shall not be shut." Isa. 45 I. On the night of the attack upon Baby-lon, the outer gates were, of course, shut; for the city had been long besieged. But by diverting the channel of the river Euphrates, which ran beneath the wall and through the city, Cyrus was able to send his troops along the river-bed, under the walls. Even so, an attacking force would ordinarily have been help-less ; for the river on each side within the city was lined with a massive wall. Through these river walls gates opened into the streets of the city. Had these inner gates been shut, the Babylonians might have caught the Medes and Per-sians as in a trap. But in the revelry of Belshazzar's feast, these gates were left open. And the clay tablets, dug up in recent times, bring us the record, writ-ten by Chaldean scribes: " On the six-teenth day, Gobyras, pasha of the land  of Gutium, and the troops of Cyrus, without a battle entered Babylon." Nearly two hundred years before that night, the prophet Isaiah had named Cyrus, declaring, " The gates shall not be shut." The God of heaven showed' it " before it came to pass." The Command to Cyrus The Lord, through the prophet, had also spoken of the work that this man Cyrus was to do in returning the Jews from captivity :Š " He is my shepherd, and shall per-form all my pleasure : even saying to Jerusalem, Thou shalt be built." Isa. 44 : 28. Josephus, the Jewish historian, says of this command, uttered before Cyrus was born " This was made known to Cyrus by his reading the book which Isaiah had left behind him of his prophecies. . . . This was foretold by Isaiah one hundred forty years before the temple was de-molished. Accordingly, when Cyrus read this, and admired the divine power, an earnest desire and ambition seized upon him to fulfil what was so written." Š" Antiquities," book II, chapter I. Therefore in the book of Ezra it is recorded of " the first year of Cyrus," that the king issued the proclamation :Š " Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia, The Lord God of heaven hath given me all the kingdoms of the earth ; and he hath charged me to build him an house at Jerusalem." Ezra I : 2. Thus, by the word of prophecy, God bore witness to kings of old, and they in turn declared his purposes to all the nations. The enemies of the Jews tried to defeat the rebuilding of Jerusalem: They sent hired counselors to the court of Cyrus, to frustrate the divine plan. These opposing agents were carrying on their work at the court " all the days of Cyrus." Ezra 4 : 5. Evidently they 179 