LIBERTY  85 But such a condition does not exist to-day, albeit there are not wanting those who claim to be mouthpieces of the Deity to the world. We have been told that the preachers of today are the succes-sors of the prophets; but we prefer that such a claim should be substantiated by their doing the works of the prophets, rather than by giving any exhibition of their ability in running the affairs of state. Let us see now what would be involved in the attempt of a civil government to practice Christianity ; for that is what a Christian civil government would have to do. A fundamental principle of Christianity is that when the offender re-pents, he shall be forgiven. And Jesus on one occasion emphasized this feature of Christianity by telling his disciples that they should forgive the trespasser against them seven times in a day if he came seven times and said, " I repent." Luke i7: 3, 4. See also Matt. i8: 21, 22. Let us, then, imagine for a moment a court of law, with a prisoner before the court accused of theft. The prisoner admits the charge, but says to the court, " I repent; " and the court being now conducted on Christian principles, since the civil government has become Chris-tian, the state is bound to forgive him, and he is turned loose. Soon he is brought in again, charged with assault; but again he says, " I repent," and the court is obliged to forgive him. Soon he is before the court again, charged with murder ; but on saying, " I repent," he is again turned loose. How long could this procedure go on before the people would be telling one another that something was wrong? Ñ Not very long, certainly. Christianity is a wonderful thing, a manifestation of wisdom and power which God alone has at his command. Its agencies are divine, and infinitely greater than any which this world can af-ford. Through the provisions of this divine system a wondrous thing is ac-complished; namely, God can be just and at the same time justify the repentant transgressor. Rom. 3: 26. He can show mercy witlnnnt Anting one int of inctire  He can pardon the transgressor so that he escapes the penalty of the broken law, without in any way dishonoring the law. But to do this required a plan which only infinite wisdom could devise and only infinite power could carry into effect. The penalty for the transgression of God's law is death. " The wages of sin is death." Rom. 6: 23. " The soul that sinneth, it shall die." Eze. i8: 4. " Sin is the transgression of the law." i John 3: 4. Justice demands the death of the transgressor. Therefore if the govern-ment of God aimed at justice alone, all sinners would be put to death. But this would defeat the purpose of the gospel ; hence it is absolutely necessary, if the gospel is not to be nullified, that mercy should be shown to the transgressor. But if the penalty of the law is set aside, is not law dishonored ? It would be, cer-tainly, but for the mighty fact that Jesus Christ, the only begotten Son of God, equal with the Father himself, died on Calvary for man's transgressions. The death of such a being for the transgres-sion of the law, affords the highest vindi-cation of its holy and immutable charac-ter. Hence there is no dishonoring of God's law when the sinner who takes ref-uge in Christ receives pardon for his sins. But while the divine government com-bines both justice and mercy, civil gov-ernment, on the other hand, aims at jus-tice alone, and can do nothing else than this without becoming self-destructive, as shown in the illustration already given. While Christianity requires that the pen-alty of the divine law be not executed as long as probation shall last, all the in-terests of civil government demand that the laws of the government shall be en-forced, and that without delay. Grant-ing that the laws are just, the best civil government is that in which the laws are most fully put into effect,Ñ that in which every violator of law is most certainly to be apprehended and punished. It is evident, then, that a truly Chris-tian civil government is an impossibility : not because there is any antagonism be-tween civil envernment end Chriatian 