40 ŠIŠ LIBERTY.  do interfere with and retard the work of our missionaries, and they sow the seeds of discord, strife, and irreligion in Cath-olic countries. If we put an end to ef-fort in England and the United States by making these nations predominantly Catholic, we will have removed the chief obstacle to the conversion of the whole world to the true faith A vigorous effort in the United States at this time will reduce the opposition to an insig-nificant condition. . . . In the course of another century, the sects will be a study for the historian and antiquarian along with Arianism." Who can fail to see Rome's program for America,Š to blot out American Protestantism, and thus ruin the great work of Protestant missions in the whole world? In his effort to impress upon the dele-gates the importance of capturing our Protestant Gibraltar, Rev. Kelley con-tinues by giving another illustration: Š " When Joan of Arc was discussing with her captains plans for attack upon the English beseiging the city of Or-leans, the difference in advice always seemed to consist in a matter of opinion as to where the weaker spot was lo-cated. Joan wanted to attack the Tu-relles across the river, the hardest place to get at and the most strongly fortified of the entire English line. In spite of her captains, she attacked it. She was right. She won. She relieved Orleans. She crushed forever England's power in France. It might be asked why she did this ' imprudent' thing. It was not im-prudent. She had a divine promise of victory. So, by attacking that part of the enemy's line he could least afford to lose, and therefore had most strongly forti-fied, with one blow she crushed him. But we, too, have a divine promise of victory, and while we must be active at every part of the line while the great battle is going on, nevertheless the strongest assault should be where the greatest strength is against us. God's work is best done when it is done at once, and vigorously ; and a work which is  backed by a divine promise can well af-ford to take what others would call ' chances.' Prom a strategic point of view, AmericaŠ the United States of America Š is our best missionary field." Id., pages , Can any fail to see the parallel be-tween the capture of the Turelles and the taking of Protestant America ? The " divine promise of victory " is the claim that the successors of St. Peter are the lawful rulers of the whole world. The great force of these plans to make America dominantly Catholic is found in the fact that this society of which Rev. Kelley is a member, has received the approbation and blessing of the Pope himself,Š the highest stimulus to Cathol-icism. The whole Catholic Church is be-hind its working. At the Protestant World's Missionary Conference, recently held in London, John R. Mott, the chairman, read a re-port, from which we take the follow-ing:Š " It is a testing time for the church. If it neglects to meet successfully the present world crisis by failing to dis-charge its responsibility to the whole world, it will weaken its power both in the home and foreign fields, and seriously handicap its mission to the coming gen-eration."Š Washington Star, June 6. Is it not significant that Father Kelley counsels the priests to do God's work " at once " and " vigorously "? To hin-der mission work now will react to the glory of the Catholic Church. Because this program is not being car-ried out openly before the gaze of all men, is no indication of its non-exist-ence. At this same Catholic conference, " Father " Blessing, of Rhode Island, made a strong admission : Š " Many non-Catholics fear us as a po-litical organization, and are afraid that the Catholic Church will dominate and rule. We are working quietly, seriously, and, I may say, effectively."Š The Mis-sionary, June, 1909, page 69. When the Catholics secure control of America. their Protestant " brethren " 