26 LIBERTY come when there would be a Catholic ma-jority in Congress. He 'said: Š " We have just cause for congratulation in the fact that we have so large a repre-sentation of our order in the halls of Con-gress, and I predict and pray that the time will come when the orders of the Catholic Church can muster a quorum in the House of Representatives."ŠBoston Herald, April 17, 1904. The desires and aims of the papacy in this respect were quite clearly . told some years ago by the Rome correspondent to the New York Sun, of July 11, 1892, in the following words : Š " The church has always been the able collaborator of all people in the work of national unity. It was she that constituted, through the efforts of popes and bishops. the great political bodies and the great na-tional organizations. . . . America feels the urgent need of this work of internal fusion. Formed of a mosaic of races and nationalities, she wants to be a nation, a collective being, one strong and united. What the Church has done in the past for others, she will do for the United States." This last statement is significant. To learn what the paphcy has done for other nations, we need but to look at Spain, Mex-ico, and the republics of South America, and contrast them with Germany, England. and the United States, where papal in-fluences have not been dominant. Macaulay on the Puritan Parliament WHEN a government, not content with requiring decency, requires sanctity, it over-steps the bounds which mark its proper functions. And it may be laid down as a universal rule that a government which attempts more than it ought will perform less. . . . And so a government which, not content with repressing scandalous excesses. demands from its subjects fervent and aus-tere piety, will soon discover that, while at-tempting to render an impossible service to the cause of virtue, it has in truth only promcted vice. A public functionary who is told that he will be promoted if he is a devout Catholic, and turned out of his place if he is not, will probably go to mass every morning, exclude meat from his table en Fridays,  shrive himself regularly, and perhaps let his superiors know that he wears a hair shirt next his skin. Under a Puritan government, a person who is apprised that piety is essen-tial to thriving in the world will be strict in the observance of the Sunday, or, as he will call it, Sabbath. Such a show of re'igion as this the hope of gain and the fear of loss will produce, at a week's notice, in any abundance which a government may require. But under this show, sensuality, ambition, avarice, and hatred retain unimpaired power, and the seeming convert has only added to the vices of a man of the world all the still darker vices which are engendered by the constant practise of dissimulation. The truth can not be long concealed. The public discov-ers that the grave persons who are proposed to it as patterns are more utterly destitute of moral principle and of moral sensibility than avowed libertines. It sees that these Pharisees are farther removed from real goodness than publicans and harlots. And, as usual, it rushes to the extreme opposite to that which it quits. It considers a high religious profession as a sure mark of meanness and depravity. On the very first day on which the restraint of fear is taken away, and on which men can venture to say what they think, a frightful peal of blasphemy and ribaldry prcclaims that the short-sighted policy which aimed at making a nation of saints has made a nation of scoffers. We are by no means unmindful of the great debt which mankind owes to the Puritans of that time, the deliverers of England, the founders of the American Commcnwealths. But in the day of their power, those men committed one great fault, which left deep and lasting traces in the national character and manners. They mistook the end and overrated the force of government. 'They determined, not merely to protect religion and public morals from insult, an object for which the civil sword, in discreet hands, may be beneficially em-ployed, but to make the people committed to their rule truly devout. Yet, if they had only reflected on events which they had themselves witnessed and in which they had themselves borne a great part, they would have seen what was likely to be the result of their enterprise. They had lived un-der a good government which, during a long course of years, did all that could be done, 