12 LIBERTY " Woe to them that go down to Egypt for help; and stay on horses, and trust in chariots, because they are many; and in horsemen, because they are very strong." Isa. : 1. in Sunday legislation infringes upon religious liberty, even though the law may be the de-mand of public opinion, and the expression of the majority, it is wrong, and should be so declared. If the principle is wrong, and it is upheld by the court, that same principle may JAMES MADISON Father of the Constitution and champion of freedom of conscience. be invoked against the very people who championed it, and, as a boomerang, it will return to plague the inventors. If the ma-jority make a mistake, or if the Legislature, in representing the opinion of the majority, word a statute so as to impair or disregard religious rights, then, we contend, when the Honorable Court comes to construe the law, it can, upon broad, equitable principles, dis- regard its literalism, and make the spirit of the enactment not only express the will of the majority, but preserve the sacred rights of the minority. No Special Privileges Demanded " We are not seeking any special privileges for Seventh-day Advent-ists. We are pleading for the natural rights and liberties of all citizens and classes of religionists." Chief Justice Doyle: " Your con-tention is, if I understand you cor-rectly, that you do not object to a rest-day law, provided it does not specify the particular day, and leaves each one free to choose his own day in harmony with his religious be-lief?" Mr. Simmons : " That is our posi-tion, Judge. The conscience of the individual must be left free." Chief Justice Doyle: " Don't you think that our statute fairly meets the principles that you are contending for to the extent of any other State in the Union? Can you recall the law of any other State that is broader or more liberal?" Mr. Simmons: " Your Honor, we don't know how you are going to construe that statute. California and Oregon Have No Sunday Laws , " In California they have no Sun-day law, but a weekly rest law. It is the only State [except Oregon, which, at its recent election, repealed its Sunday laws] that has no law compelling people to refrain from labor or worldly pursuits on Sunday, and yet, we are told by reliable au-thority, that Sunday is better kept by the religious class in that State than in any other. This helps to demonstrate the uselessness of Sunday legislation, and to show that if the day is kept at all, it is kept from principle and not because of statutory coercion. " You remember there was a time when the state required by law the citizen to sup-port the church. Our fathers, including James Madison and Thomas Jefferson, opposed such " They hear thy words, but they will not do them: for with their mouth they show much love, hut their heart goeth after their covetousness." Eze. 33: 31. 