120  LIBERTY further proceedings against accused persons, for they remembered that they had caused a constable who had arrested many, and refused to arrest any more, to be hanged. A citizen of Andover who was accused, wiser and bolder than the magistrates and clergy, caused the arrest of his accuser on a charge of defamation of character, and laid his damages at £1,000. The public mind was in sympathy with him. The spell was instantly broken, and at a con-vention of clergymen they declared it was not inconsistent with Scriptures to believe that the devil might " assume the shape of a good man, and that so he may have deceived the afflicted." . . . Many of the accusers came forward and published solemn recantations or denials of the truth of their testimony, which had been given, they said, to save their lives. The legislature of Massachusetts appointed a general fast, and supplication " that God would pardon all the errors of his servants and people in a late tragedy raised among them by Satan and his instruments," and Judge Sewall, who had presided at many trials in Salem, stood up  in his place in the church on that fast day and implored the prayers of the people that the errors which he had committed " might not be visited by the judgments of an avenging God on his country, his family, and himself." The parish minister at Danvers in whose family the " affliction " started, and who was zealous in promoting the prosecutions, was compelled to leave the country. The credulous Mather still believed in witches, and wrote in support of the belief. He was thoroughly ridiculed by un-believers, one of whom he dismissed by calling him " a coal from hell," and suing him for slander. This episode in the history of Massachusetts is known as " Salem Witchcraft." It astonished the civilized world, and made an unfavorable impression on the surrounding Indians. The Jesuit missionaries took advantage of it to contrast their own mild religious system with the cruel exhibitions of that of the Puritans, whose ministers had been so prominent in the fearful tragedy.Ñ Harper's "Encyclopedia of United States History." Some of the Blue Laws of Puri- tan New England TIIE Puritans of New England had many admirable qualities, but with most of them it does not appear that a broad religious tolerance was one of their virtues. It seems that with but few exceptions, they believed not only in individual moral responsibility, but that the state itself must have a religion, which it was in duty bound to enforce upon all men so far as possible. But froni this mistaken conception of the duties of civil government, Roger Wil-liams, himself a Puritan clergyman, dis-sented. So that even in colonial Massa-chusetts religious intolerance did not. pass without protest. We frequently hear some of the old blue-stock Puritan posterity boasting of their lineage, and longing for the good old Puritan times. Dr. H. C. Bowlby, na-tional secretary of the Lord's Day Alli-ance, said in a meeting held in Washing- ton, D. C., Dec. 11-14, 1919, that we needed " more, not less, of the Puritan spirit in the American Sabbath." Ac-cording to the compulsory measures he advocates concerning Sunday observ-ance, it is very evident that he is a typical Puritan of the old, or legal, type. Since the legally enforced Puritan type of Sunday observance is so strongly ad-vocated by certain religious organiza-tions before legislative bodies at the pres-ent time, it might be well for us to recall some of the Puritan blue laws of " ye olden tymes." We will give a few samples from the "blue laws" of the seventeenth and eight-eenth centuries, when the Puritans ad-ministered religion to unwilling subjects by the carnal means of the whipping post, the ducking stool, stocks, the pillory, fines, prisons, and the gibbet. 