LIBERTY definition of the Catholic position on this important point." When we consider that Hon. Mr. Cockran claimed to speak for seventeen millions of people in the United States, it becomes gravely significant. The cen-sus of 1850 revealed the fact that one fifty-fifth of the population of the Union were members of the body referred to, and the census of i9oo recorded more than one seventh of the population Cath-olic. The vast increase is due primarily to the emigration of this element from the Old World. In a paper read before the Missionary Congress, the question of promoting the emigration and colonization of Catholics was strongly presented. The proposition to colonize these emigrants in non-Cath-olic communities, for civic as well as re-ligious purposes, received hearty indorse-ment from the delegates. Plans were perfected for the accomplishment of this work, and the body now speaks confi-dently of the prospect of an early reali-zation for the church of the declaration of Hon. Mr. Cockran; and also of the further statement of another speaker of the Congress, who said: Š " Protestantism never did and never can convert a nation. This remains for the Catholic Church. Catholic societies are bound together for Catholic pur-poses, and the question of the day is, Shall the Catholic cause live in Amer-ica ? " Since this body has enjoyed all the freedom afforded any one by this gov-ernment, the above can have no meaning other than a purpose to effect complete subjugation and domination. This was further emphasized by the statement of another speaker, who said: " What the church has done for Europe, she will do for America." Reference was made to the act of the French government in separating church and state, and this was declared to be an act of persecution. If to separate the church from the state is persecution, then to withhold from the church the control  of the state, is oppression, is the logic of the present movement ; for it was said that the church must become national-ized in this country. This First Catholic Missionary Con-gress was indeed a revelation of the real designs of that church toward the gov-ernment. In the past, designs upon the people of this nation have been hidden CARDINAL MERRY DEL VAL, THE PAPAL SECRETARY OF STATE under various pretexts of intended be-nevolence. Now, it is regarded safe to discard the cloak, and stand, out before the people in the true character. Doubt-less this attitude is largely due to cour-age gained from the example of Prot-estants. It is needless to ask, "Are the liberties of the people jeopardized ? " " Will this government continue to be an asylum for the priest-ridden of earth ? " It is true, as the President of the nation has said, that the Roman Church has an equal right with other religious bodies to pro-mulgate its faith among the people, and by all means open to other bodies to advance its cause. But it is not true that 