LIBERTY 27 by lavish bounty and by rigorous punish-ment, to enforce conformity to the doc- trine and discipline of the Church of Eng- land. No person suspected of hostility to that church had the smallest chance of ob- taining favor at the court of Charles. Avowed dissent was punished by imprison-ment, by ignominious exposure, by cruel mutilations, and by ruinous fines. And the event had been that the church had fallen, and had, in its fall, dragged down with it a monarchy which had stood six hundred years. The Puritan might have learned, if from nothing else, yet from his own recent victory that governments which attempt things beyond their reach are likely not merely to fail, but to produce an effect directly the opposite of that which they contemplate as desirable. All this was overlocked. The saints were to inherit the earth. The theaters were closed. The fine arts were placed under absurd restraints. Vices which had never before been even misdemeanors, were made capital felonies. It was solemnly resolved by Parliament " that no person shall be employed but such as the House shall be satisfied of his real godliness." The pious assembly had a Bible lying on the table fcr reference. If they had consulted it they might have learned that the wheat and the tares grow together inseparably, and must either be spared together or rooted up to-gether. To know whether a man was really godly was impossible. But it was easy to know whether he had a plain dress, lank hair, no starch in his linen, no gay furni-ture in his house; whether he talked through his nose, and showed the whites of his eyes ; whether he named his children Assurance, Tribulation, and Maher-shalal-hash-baz ; whether he avoided Spring Gar-den when in town, and abstained from hunting and hawking when in the country ; whether he expounded hard scriptures to his troops of dragoons, and talked in a committee of ways and means about seeking the Lord. These were tests which could easily be applied. The misfortune was that they were tests which proved nothing. Such as they were, they were employed by the dominant party. And the consequence was that a crowd of imposters, in every walk of life, began to mimic and to caricature what were then regarded as the outward signs of sanctity.Š Essay on Leigh Hunt. Emerson on Persecution CURSES always recoil on the head of him who imprecates them. If you put a chain around the neck of a slave, the other end fastens itself around your own. Every opin-ion reacts on him who utters it. You can not do wrong without suffering wrong. The exclusionist in religion does not see that be shuts the door of heaven on himself in striving to shut out others. The history of persecution is a history of endeavors to cheat nature, to make water run up-hill, to twist a rope of sand. It makes no difference whether the actors be many or one, a tyrant or a mob. A mob is a society of bodies 'voluntarily bereaving themselves of reason, and traversing their work. The mob is a man voluntarily de-scending to the nature of a beast. Its fit hour of work is night. Its actions are in-sane, like its whole constitution. It perse-cutes a prindple; it would whip a right, it would tar and feather justice by inflicting fire and outrage upon the houses and per-sons of those who have these. The martyr can not be dishonored. Every lash inflicted is a tongue of flame, every prison a more illustrious abode; every burned book or house enlightens the world ; every suppressed or expunged word rever-berates through the earth from side to side. Hours of sanity and consideration are al-ways arriving to communities, as to indi-viduals, when the truth is seen, and the martyrs are justified.Š Essay on Compen-sation. A Humane Attorney W. A. COLCORD THE following notice was posted by a district Attorney in a store door in Wallowa, Ore., a short time ago : Š "Shell & Co., Wallowa, Ore. " GENTLEMEN : I have been credibly in-formed that you with the other merchants of your town have been violating Section 1968 of Bellinger and Cotton's Code of Oregon, by keeping your place of business open on Sunday, and take this means of advising you that if the matter is again reported to me, it will be my official duty to see that this law is strictly observed. I d9 not wish to be oppressive, but am obliged to perform my duty, no matter how un-pleasant. 