Clinedinst SENATOR JOHN WALTER SMITH 78 LIBERTY secular business on the Lord's day, com-monly called Sunday." Secular is op-posed to sacred or religious. Therefore, by this bill it is proposed that the Con-gress of the United States shall decide that Sunday is the Lord's day, that it is a consecrated or sacred day, and provide for the punishment by fines and im-prisonment of all and singular in the District of Columbia who do not observe this consecrated day as a day of rest. Including the title, four several times in the thirty-six lines of this bill is " the Lord's day " declared to be " the day commonly called Sunday," and punish-ments are provided for those who refuse or neglect to observe that day, running from $5 to $50 for the first offense;  and from $25 to $500, or by " both fine and imprisonment in the jail of the District of Columbia for a period of not less than one month nor more than six months, in the discretion of the court," " for each subsequent offense." This for failure or refusal to observe a sacred or religious in- stitution ! And this too in the face of that prohibition of the Con-stitution that specifies that " Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof." Is Sunday an insti-tution of religion? Is it or is it not esteemed a sacred or holy day? Mr. Smith's bill asserts that it is, four times in four of its several sec-tions, including the ti-tle. Then what is it to require by law and under penalty that any man shall observe it, but to prohibit the free exer-cise of religion? A man is not free to do that which he is compelled to do. The merchant thanks his customer when he pays for the goods  he has purchased, for the vendor recog-nizes the fact that the vendee was under no obligation to buy his wares, but might have gone elsewhere. But what tax col-lector even thanks the property owner who pays his taxes ? The man who buys at the store is free to buy or not to buy. The man who pays his taxes is not free to pay or not to pay; he must pay. In like manner the man who believes that Sunday is the Lord's day, and who observes it from choice, is free; but the man who is required under penalty to observe it is not free, and the law that imposes the requirement upon him is a law prohibiting the free exercise of reli-gion. S. 226o ought to be thrown out or de-feated upon Constitutional grounds, and we believe that it will be so prevented from becoming law. The men who have shown their fidelity to a part of the First Amendment by refusing to enact press censorship even under pressure of war condi-tions, will not, we feel sure, overlook and ignore another equally clear guaranty of the same article. The recent discus-sion of the censorship provision of the es-pionage bill served not only to emphasize in the minds of the whole people the importance of maintaining unim-pared the freedom of the press and of speech, but it centered attention also upon that provision that guaran-tees freedom of con-science. As the guar-anty of the freedom of the press " can-not be limited without being lost," so the guaranty of religious liberty once violated becomes of no effect. The First Amendment means just what it says and all that it says in all its parts, or it means absolutely nothing. 