Merchandising on Sunday Not a Crime Against the State THE EDITOR CHIEF JUSTICE RUFFIN of the su-preme court of North Carolina ruled that " to keep an open shop on Sunday is not criminal," and that " it was not an indictable offense to sell goods " on that day, because "the deed in itself lacked the essential elements of a criminal act." Courts and legislatures often fail to rec-ognize the science of law, and make acts criminal by arbitrary rulings, when the acts themselves are commendable under purely civil law. The nature of a deed, not the particular clay upon which it is done, should determine its quality. Otherwise, the object of the law would be to honor a day instead of preventing the committal of crime. Chief Justice Ruffin also showed that our Sunday statutes are based on Eng-lish law. In England there is a union of church and state. American jurists who quote the decisions of English jurists on Sunday laws do our American free in-stitutions a great injustice, because Eng-lish laws and decisions are not applicable nor of binding obligation here. He also declares that in America " the Christian religion is not a part of the fundamental law of the land," but merely " recog-nized as an existing and as a prevalent religion." We recommend the decision and opin-ions of the supreme court of North Car-olina to the consideration of the Blaine County (Oklahoma) Court, in which the Krieger case is pending (referred to in another part of this magazine), as the statute is practically the same in both States. The court record of North Carolina concerning two opinions deliv-ered by Chief Justice Ruffin is as fol-lows : Š Opinion Applicable to Oklahoma Case In State vs. Brooksbank, 28 N. C., 73, Judge Ruffin ruled that " it was not in-dictable to sell goods in open shop on 24 Sunday." " It is lawful for the defend-ant to keep an open shop in Fayetteville, N. C., and sell thereat. . . . The ques-tion is whether it is criminal to do so on Sunday." The indictment is framed upon the prece-. dent in 2 Chitt. Cr. L., 20, which is taken from the " Crown Circuit Companion." Notwith-standing the precedent and what is said by some writers on the law, it may be doubted whether, in the superior courts in England, the profanation of Sunday merely as such would be held to be indictable; and thus, for the reason suggested in State vs. Williams, 4 Ired., 400.... However, if such an indictment be sustain-able in England, it must be, as we conceive, and stated in the case referred to, because working and trafficking on Sunday is, accord-ing to the doctrine of the established church, a profanation of that day; and as it is thus criminal according to the law of the church, it becomes criminal against the civil govern-ment, which established the church. But that reasoning is entirely inapplicable here. With the theological question the court disclaims the intention to concern. We have no right nor purpose, as municipal judges, to decide or discuss it, even if we were competent to handle a point which has been so much con-troverted among learned and pious men of almost all periods. But our duty is strictly lim-ited to the inquiry whether the law of North Carolina, as the law of the State, and not of a religious establishment, has made the profa-nation of Sunday by keeping open shop an indictable offense. And upon it we must say, as we said in Williams's case, that it has not, and for the reasons given in that case. We have no established church, with authority to prescribe duties in reference to this or other religious tenets, to which all the citizens are bound to render obedience; and, merely as the violation of a duty of religion, we cannot punish the profanation of Sunday.ŠDecem-ber Term, 1845. In State vs. Williams, 26 North Caro-lina, 400, Judge Ruffin held that " a profanation of Sunday by performing labor on that day is not an indictable of- fense." Ł We do not find it anywhere stated that doing secular work on Sunday is, per se, an 