LIBERTY 63 James Version, or the Reformed Ver-sion, and that is the only one that is ac-ceptable to the Protestants. The Catho-lic says that the only true version is the Douay Version, and that is the only ver-sion acceptable to him. The Jew says that he will not subscribe to either of these versions ; and the atheist, who has just as much political right to his opin-ion as the religious man, says, " Away with all the versions. I will have my own opinions as to what is contained in the Bible." When you say the Holy Bible, you are not limiting it to any par-ticular one, but you are taking only one version, and that version is according to the religious belief of the teacher who reads the Bible. The Catholic teacher will necessarily read the Bible that is ac-ceptable to her, because she believes that it is the only one that reflects her shade of thought and faith. The Protestant teacher will read the Reformed Version, the Jew will read her version, and the atheist will do the same. Now, my friends, can't you see that this is opening the door to a very dangerous and unde-sirable and un-American discussion? We believe that church and state should be separate, and the very foundations of our government are erected upon that theory. But my friend from Braddock will reply to that, and I also expect that my friend from Beaver will have some remarks to make on the floor of the house. But I want to say to you that your convictions are no stronger than mine, or the people of my district, and if we want to be true liberty-loving Amer-icans, we have no right to open up a religious discussion in the public schools. . . . The father and the mother are the proper persons to properly give the chil-dren religious instruction, and this should not be done in the public schools. You men seem to forget that the pub-lic school is supported by the equal tax-ation of all classes of people. Every cit-izen of the country is called upon to share in this taxation, and gladly re-sponds to the taxation for school pur-poses. I ask you men if you should oc-cupy public time with sectarian matters. Mr. Kitts : . . . I have had some prac-tical experience in public schools, having started in the lowest grade at school and taught my way into a college preparatory high school before I took up the study of  law. It has been an actual matter of ex-perience among teachers that the reading of the Bible in public schools would start a turmoil among the members of the school board and the teachers and the families in a very short time, and I think that if this bill were passed, it would be one of the most unwise pieces of legis-lation that was ever written on the stat-utes of Pennsylvania. . . . I do not mean to say for a moment that I am not in favor of bringing the religious teach-ings and the teachings of God as promi-nently before the people as possible, but I do not believe that this matter should be brought into the public schools. Mr. Lowers: . . . The children who come from other shores lack the moral and educational training necessary to be-come a part of this great country of ours. Those of us who live in a populous dis-trict know that in our schools there are at least fifty per cent of the pupils com-ing from these homes. What do we find there? We find nothing but filth and squalor and an absolute absence of any moral training. You can appreciate the necessity of giving them not only the educational but also the moral training to enable them to take up their duties of citizenship and those of the home. Therefore I say this is not a sectarian, but a moral measure, and should become a law of this great commonwealth of ours. Mr. Ulerich : . . . I want to say fur-ther to the gentlemen who take excep-tions to the matter of the reading of the Bible by saying there is a certain faith known as the Roman Catholic Church which is opposed to the reading of the Bible in the public schools, that it has been my observation and my experience that the Roman Catholics are not at all as narrow in their views as some people would have us believe. I have had at least thirty-five or forty Roman Catholic teachers in the public schools, and I have never had the experience of one of those teachers objecting to the reading of the Bible in the public schools, and there-fore, as a teacher, I take exception to the gentleman from Erie when he states that trouble occurs by reason of the read-ing of the Bible in the public schools. Mr. Joseph Gray : . . . The gentle-man from Allegheny who introduced this bill, after stating that it is not a sectarian 