Paw ,11 LIBERTY  45 punished." This fallacious reasoning is the comfort and stay of the average mod-erate drinker (if he reasons at all), and the cause of the ruin of more lives than any other argument that has been brought forth to sustain the false doc-trine that moderate drinking is always under control, and that the habit can be left off at any time, and always be kept within the limitations of safety and so-briety. . . . As a rule, all habitual drinkers were once moderate drinkers. There may be instances where men have plunged sud-denly into violent excesses with suicidal intent, but such exceptions are rare. The rule is that the habit starts from the first glass, and in some cases its course is run more rapidly than others. . . . There is only one safe and certain way, and that is, Avoid the use of alcoholic beverages in moderation, and you will never use them to excess.Ñ From " The Moderate Drinker," by L. D. Mason, M. D. ¥ ¥   A Temperance Handbill SAVINGS-BANK FOR LOSINGS (We Save What Our Customers Lose) Saloon Less Value for the Money Than Any Place Else on Earth OPEN at all hours, day and night. Back doors on Sundays. Bring all the money your family can get along without. We cash checks on pay-days, and leave patrons some of the money to take home to their families. Good money only taken on deposit. Nothing paid on deposits except Dis-appointment, Degradation, Disgrace, Dis-ease, Degeneracy, and Death. Special Advantages Special dividend of Delirium Tremens to old depositors. Free ticket to ruin to all who pay well at the counter. Free tickets every year to one hundred thousand depositors, securing for them drunkards' graves in the potters' fields  of our nation's numerous cemeteries. Thousands and thousands of free ad-mission tickets to jails, penitentiaries, and asylums every year. Ten thousand murders and violent deaths annually. Children of depositors sent free to almshouses and orphanages for other people to support. Wives and mothers condemned to lives of drudgery and want. We obey ALL laws EXCEPT those prohibiting gambling, allowing minors in saloons and selling to minors, harboring gambling slot-machines and lewd pic-tures, and the mandates of the great moral laws of Christianity, and are par-ticularly desirous of the indorsement of wives and mothers. (The reverse side) Wanted One hundred boys for new customers. Most of our old customers are rapidly dropping out. One burned to death in the city jail. Two were killed in a railroad wreck. One died of chronic alcoholism. Another went to Minidoka and com- mitted suicide. One is in prison awaiting trial for a heinous offense. A few have reformed. One was warned away from town under penalty of a five months' jail sen-tence if he returned. Three were suspected of counterfeit-ing, and left. A large number are frequently in jail. Most of the balance ain't worth fool-ing with Ñ they've got no money. We are just obliged to have new cus-tomers, fresh young blood, or we will have to shut up shop. Don't make any difference whose boys you are, we need you. You will be welcome. If you once get started with us, we guarantee to hold you. Our goods are sure. Come early, stay late! Yours truly, LICENSED SALOON-KEEPER. Ñ The Union Signal. 