LIBERTY 6,5 " We cannot but spent the things which we have seen and heard." " And beholding the man which was healed standing with them," the rul-ers " could say nothing against it." They, though representing the state, were face to face with a power superior to their own, and which they were compelled to acknowledge, though reluctantly. The same thing was true practically when Christianity, unsupported by any power but the truth of God, met and vanquished paganism, even supported as it was by all the power of the Roman state. The same thing was repeated in the Reforma-tion when Luther, armed with the truth, met and triumphed over the state-intrenched forces of error. Truth is the greatest power in the world today. It is still true as it has ever been, that Š " Truth crushed to earth shall rise again: The eternal years of God are hers; But error, wounded, writhes in pain, And dies among his worshipers." IV IIE Religious Issue Before Su- preme Court THE Pennsylvania Sunday law of 1794 is now before the supreme court of that State. The Protestant churches are backing the law. The Rev. T. T. Mutchler instigated proceedings against the Philadelphia city officials and Fair-mount Park commissioners because they per-mitted recreation games in the park on Sunday afternoons. The lower court ruled that the Sunday games in the park were not a public nuisance, and did not disturb the peace or interfere with public or private worship. Elton J. Buckley, counsel for the churches, argued before the supreme court that " the proper observance of the Lord's day must be recognized," and that " any games, sports, or other outdoor recreations that detract from Christian worship on Sunday must be enjoined. By permitting outdoor recreation," said Attor-ney Buckley, " the Park Commissioners .fur-nished the greatest incentive for people to re-main away from church that the church has ever had to contend with." This proves conclusively that what the churches that favor Sunday laws are after is not the protection of the people's rights, but compulsory church attendance. George Whar-ton Pepper, counsel for the commissioners and defender of the people's rights on Sunday, in reply to Mr. Buckley's arguments before the supreme court, said in part: " I am tempted to discuss the Christian the-ory of Sunday observance, but I shall refrain from such a discussion with a mention that the conception of Sunday observance as presented by the other side all through this ease does not  find affirmation by a material proportion of the Protestant church, is wholly rejected by the entire Catholic Church, and repudiated by the great body of citizens. " As to the utilization of Sunday by Chris-tian people, I might remark that the Creator did not make man for the Sabbath, but made the Sabbath for the man. I am not here to,  urge the violation of any proper Sabbath. observance, but to say the matter of proper observance under this law is a question we wish settled for once and all. Every one has a sacred right to observe the Sabbath in accord-ance with his church and the law, but he has no right to interfere with others in what they deem a propriety in the observance of the same day. If the conception of a proper Sunday observance as pleaded for by the rigorists in this case were recognized by the law and allowed to prevail in this or any other commu-nity, there would be an alienation of all red-blooded citizens from Christianity. " You cannot pillory as enemies of the law of God and man those persons who refuse to accept the version of Sabbath observance given by the appellants in this controversy. Fair-mount Park is a huge playground for the gen-eral public, who have been given the right to use it on Sundays or any other day for proper outdoor recreation Š rowing, automobiling, walking, and lawful games. Unless they make these diversions a public nuisance, a breach of the peace or disturbance of the rights of others, they cannot be held to abide with what these Sabbatarians declare to be a proper Sunday observance and subjected to the provisions of this old law, the purpose of which was to put down gambling and gaming and a class of games vastly different from the healthful and innocent sports of baseball and tennis." The supreme court, after some delay, handed down a decision sustaining the park commission-ers and the lower court. Of !V IV THE Richmond ministers issued a protest against any change in the Sunday " blue laws " as proposed in a bill now before the Virginia General Assembly. Dr. McDaniel, pastor of the Baptist church, and Dr. Hall, chairman of the ministerial association of Richmond, debated on this question with the legislators and citi-zens for more than three hours. Dr. McDaniel argued that the proposed amendment to refer the question of Sunday observance to the people on the referendum " means that a religious con-troversy will be precipitated in every council-manic election, and that it will thrust every preacher with conscientious scruples, into the arena of political conflict." A good argument that Sunday laws are religious. Why not re-peal the Sunday laws, and save the preachers from entering into politics in the future? H. 