LIBERTY 45 he had taken to make himself acquainted with the inner and deeper facts of the prohibition situation there. He told of great stretches of that splendid common-wealth where the only way a drop of in-toxicants could be obtained was by the satanic cunning of the " bootleg " fra-ternity. He told of thousands of young men and women who had grown up without ever having seen a saloon, and some of them had never seen a drunken man. He told of jail after jail which had been built but had never had an oc-cupant, and of one in particular Š un-commonly commodiousŠthat was for so many years without the least use to the purpose for which it was built that finally the county rented it to the Methodist pas-tor in the county-seat, and it became Š a parsonage! So he went on, arraying fact with fact and piling evidence upon evidence, till those preachers who confidingly loved prohibition, but had begun to fear that somehow it had possibly not proved a success in Kansas, were coming back with smiling faces to their old confidence; and when the Kansas doctor of divinity sat down, it was amid a perfect storm of handclapping and " amens ! " Washington, D. C. "The Home Rule League" THE Liquor Dealers' Association of South Dakota has chosen for itself the name, " The Home Rule League," in a seeming effort to hide the identity of its constituency. As an association it is fighting vigorously against the county-option law of the State, and is pleading that the matter of license or no license for the sale of liquor be left to the indi-vidual towns rather than to the counties. The object to be gained in what they pro-pose is this. It is much easier for them to control elections in cities and large towns than in the country and in small villages. By controlling these elections, they will be sure of retaining the saloons in the cities and large towns, and by re-taining these, they will retain the patron- age of a large portion of the drinking element from the country. The argument advanced is that the principle of home rule is violated when the county is made the unit of legislation; that the wishes of the individual towns are not recognized. But when the county is made the unit in the matter of tax-ation for the support of public institu-tions, it should also be made the unit in the matter of licensing any trade or cor-poration whose activities affect the gen-eral public and the public institutions of the county. There is no business which is so intimately connected with county jails and county workhouses, or poorhouses, as is the liquor business. It has been proved to a demonstration that more than half the inmates of these two institutions are there as a result of the liquor business. By no possible method of reasoning could it be proved that the inhabitants of one town ought to be taxed to support individuals from another town who were incapacitated for self-support by some institution which that other town licenses but which the first town has out-lawed because of its pernicious work. Why should the town of Dryford, which has outlawed the saloon, be required to support certain inhabitants of the town of Wetmore, which the saloon business had pauperized? The town of Wetmore licenses the saloon, derives a revenue from the business (becomes a partner in the business to that extent), and when its citizens are pauperized as a result of that business from which it derives a revenue, it expects the town of Dryford to help support them. When its citizens, as a re-sult of the liquor business, break the law, and long and expensive court trials are involved, the town of Wetmore expects the towns of Dry ford and Peaceville to help pay the expenses of the trial and help support the criminals when convic-tion is secured. But the towns of Dry-ford and Peaceville made the saloon an outlaw in order to escape just such oner-ous burdens. This they can not do, how-ever, so long as the county is made the unit of taxation and the town the unit for determining the question as to whether 