128 LIBERTY She must know what society is, and she can learn much about it from the civil official. The question of moral and religious training in the public schools, now con-spicuously absent from our curriculum, can not be permanently banished by the discordance of religious beliefs. This idea that the state would be benefited by a union of the church and the state is by no means a new one. Con-stantine entertained the same view in the early part of the fourth century, and the union which he brought about was the beginning of the great apostasy in the church. It is true that the church can exert a great influence on society by doing its legitimate work ; but when its purpose is merely to civilize, rather than to Chris- tianize, it loses in a large degree its legitimate indirect influence. The words of the historian Neander are pertinent in this connection. He thus describes con- ditions at the beginning of Constantine's reign : Š In the relation of the church to the state, there occurred, with the commence-ment of this period, a most important change, the consequences of which ex-tended to all parts of the church constitu-tion, and which had an influence, in various Ways, on the whole course and shaping of the church development. In the preceding period, the church stood to the state in the relation of an inde-pendent, self-included whole, and was to the state, for the most part, an object of hostility. At all events, the utmost which she could expect from the state was bare toleration. The important consequence of this was that the church was left free to develop itself outwardly from its own inward principle ; that no foreign might could introduce its disturbing influence ; and that the church itself could not be exposed to the temptation of employing an alien power for the prosecution of its ends, and of thus entering into a prov-ince that did not belong to it. But, on the other hand, the church had no im-mediate influence on civil society and its different relations. In this there was  much which stood in contradiction with the spirit that animated the church ; the transforming influence which Christianity necessarily exercises on all with which it comes in contact, could not as yet here manifest itself. Only in an indirect man-ner Š and in this respect, we must allow, although in a very slow, yet in the safest and purest way Š could the church exert an influence on the state, by ever drawing over more of its members into itself, and communicating to them the spirit by whose influence everything must be made better.Š" General History of the Chris-tian Religion and Church," Vol. III, page 174. While " social service," " social bet-terment," and " social welfare " seem pleasant phrases to many clergymen at the present time, yet one of them has spoken frankly his view of this matter. In an article in the World's Work for June, 1912, entitled " The Matter With the Ministry," a clergyman thus expresses himself upon this subject : Š The departments for " social welfare " which some of the denominations have recently organized, and the setting up of a " labor temple " in the metropolis, re-flect not so much the church's passion for social service as the desperate situation in which the church finds itself. The so-called " social awakening " of the church is not a sign of hopefulness, but at bot-tom a desperate attempt to revivify an institution that seems to be decaying at both ends of the age line. It may seem strange that it should be so, yet so it is. The church's entrance into " social work " adds to the hopelessness of the ministerial profession. For the minister soon discovers that all these devices do not lead to the prosperity and success, do not produce the results which every man worth his salt wishes to achieve. Through it all a man may carry a bright face and be bright of speech, but deep down is the wish that he could escape from it all. While we are heartily in accord with every good work, and believe that Chris-tians should be identified with any legiti-mate movement tending to the general uplift of the community, yet we regard 