162 LIBERTY " The only logical and legitimate re-striction upon liberty is that which is drawn from the like liberty of others. That men may live together in family, in society, and in the state, liberty must be so self-disciplined and so self-controlled that it avoids even the appearance of license or of tyranny. " There are three possible ways of viewing and of stating the relationship between the individual and the group or mass of which he forms a part : Š " In the first place, each individual may be regarded as an end in himself whose purposes are to be accomplished at all hazards and quite regardless of what happens to his fellows. This is that extreme form of individualism which has always ended, and must always end, in physical conflict, in cruel bloodshed, in violent anarchy, and in the triumph of brute force. It does not provide a soil in which ideas can flourish. " In the second place, each individual may be regarded as a mere nothing, a negligible quantity, while the group or mass, with its traditions, its beliefs, and its rituals, is exalted to the place of honor and almost of worship. The logical and necessary result of this view has always been, and must always be, from the standpoint of human accomplishment in institutions, stagnation, powerlessness, and failure. It is this view of life which has from time immemorial held so many of the great peoples of the Orient in its grip, and which has set them in sharp contrast with the active and advancing life of the West for nearly two thou-sand years past. " The third view of the relationship of the individual man to the group or mass is the one that I would press upon you as offering the fullest measure of individual happiness and achievement and the greatest amount of public good. It stands between the philosophy of self-assertion, of disorder, of brute force, and of anarchy on the one hand, and the stagnation of an unprogressive civiliza-tion on the other. It is the view which emphasizes the individual to the utmost,  but which finds the conception of each individual's personality and accomplish-ment in his relations to his fellows and in his service to his kind. He that loseth his life . . . shall find it' is alike the last word of ethical philosophy and the supreme appeal of Christian morals. The enrichment and the development of the individual, in order, not that he may acquire, but that he may give ; in or-der, not that he may antagonize, but that he may conciliate ; in order, not that he may overcome and trample underfoot, but that he may help and serve,Š this, as distinguished from the philosophy of disorder on the one hand and the philosophy of stagnation on the other, I call the constructive phi-losophy of the institutional life. It is built upon human individuality as a cor-ner stone and a foundation. The higher and loftier the structure rises, the more plainly it points upward, the heavier is the burden that the foundation bears and the greater is its service to God and to man." We have often maintained in these-tol-umns that every man has a right to wor-ship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, so long as in so doing he does not interfere with the equal right of others; and Dr. Butler extends this principle to cover all the activities of life when he says : Š " The only logical and legitimate re-striction upon liberty is that which is drawn from the like liberty of others." If this principle were adopted and ap-plied, we should have freedom of speech, freedom of the press, freedom of con-science, and freedom of worship, while at the same time the rights of all would be amply safeguarded. Dr. Butler's address is worthy of the most serious attention. We hope its in-fluence may extend to some who are now working with feverish anxiety to make men conform to their own standards of goodness through fear of pains and pen-alties, and may cause them to see the danger in the triumph of their purpose. Washington, D. C. 