LIBERTY 115 in them in this land [England], by way of property and inheritance, and enabled the clergy to gather and receive them as their legal due, by coercion of the civil power.Š Burns's "Ecclesiastical Law," ninth edition, Vol. III, pages 679, 680. The right of the English clergy to the tithe, a right created by law, was con-firmed by the same authority : Š All such barren heath or waste ground which before this time hath lain barren, and paid no tithes by reason of the same barren-ness, and now be, or hereafter shall be, im-proved and converted into arable ground or meadow, shall, after the end of seven years next after such improvement, pay tithe for corn and hay growing on the same.Š Id., page 745Ł Thus the tithe, which formed the THE FIRST " NATIONAL REFORMERS," AND HOW CHRIST REBUKED THEM " And they [the disciples] went, and entered into a village of the Samaritans, to make ready for him. And they did not receive him, . . . and when his disciples James and John saw this, they said, Lord, wilt thou that we command fire to come down from heaven, and consume them, even as Elias did? But he turned, and rebuked them, and said, Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of. For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them." Luke 9 : 52-56. All persons of this realm . . . shall fully pay all tithes according to the lawful customs of the parishes whence such tithes become due. ŠBy Henry VIII, chap. 7, Id., Vol. III, page 743. All persons shall pay all manner of parochial tithes as of right or custom ought to have been paid.ŠBy 2 and 3 Edward VI, chap. r3, Id., Vol. I, page 226. Even since the Reformation there has been much compulsory tithe paying. One decree for this purpose reads as fol-lows : Š  chief maintenance of the pastors of the established church in England, was given to them by the state, and much of it af-ter the Reformation. Not only tithe, but temporalities were received by the bishop; from the state. These temporalities consisted of castles, manors, lands, etc., and were re-ceived by doing homage to the king. " When a bishop is invested and consecrated, the bishop, being introduced into the king's presence, shall do his 