LIBE met since that statute was approved, the church element has taken some steps toward securing a Sunday law. But knowing that the laws of 1858 and 188o had been de-cided unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of California, the question to be solved was, " How can a law be framed which will be considered constitutional ? " To meet this condition, Rev. Mr. Mc-Creary, of Berkeley, Cal., became the prime mover in getting up a bill, known as a " Constitutional Amendment," which is now before the legislature of California, it hav-ing been introduced on January 14. This proposed amendment reads as follows: ŠProposed cAmendment to the California Constitution " SEC. 21.Š The necessity of encouraging and fostering the observance of one day in seven as a day of rest is hereby recognized as essential to the welfare of the State, and to that end it is hereby provided: Š " I. That the keeping open of bars, sa-loons, race-courses, and coursing grounds on the first day of the week is prohibited; and the legislature shall provide penalties for the violation of this' provision, and for the enforcement of the same. " 2. That the legislature may provide that stores, workshops, banking houses, and other places of business, of any class or calling, shall not keep open on the first day of the week, and shall provide penal-ties for the violation thereof. " 3. That the legislative body of any city, city and county, or county, may provide by ordinance that stores, workshops, banking houses, and other places of business, of any class or calling, shall not keep open on the first day of the week, and shall provide penalties for the violation thereof ; provided that such ordinance may enlarge, but can not restrict or limit, the scope or penalties of any provision enacted by the legislature on the same subject; provided, further, that whenever a petition is presented to the leg-islative body of any city, city and county, or county, signed by ten per cent of the voters thereof, asking that any ordinance authorized under this subdivision to be passed by such legislative body set forth in said petition, be submitted to the qualified voters of said city, city and county, or county for their approval or rejection, the said legislative body must submit the same to the voters of said city, city and county, or county, for their approval or rejection,  RTY 21 at the next general election held therein, or at a special election called by such legisla-tive body for that purpose. At least two weeks' notice shall be given of such elec-tion, by publication in some newspaper published in such city, city and county, or county. If approved by a majority vote of the voters voting thereon, the same is thereby adopted and becomes binding as a valid ordinance of said city, city and county, or county, as the case may be, and supersedes any ordinance in conflict there-with, and can only be modified or repealed by a majority vote of the voters of said city, city and county, or county voting upon the question of the modification or repeal thereof. " 4. Provided, however, that any law or ordinance passed or adopted under the sec-ond or third subdivision of this section, shall not apply to persons who consci-entiously believe that the seventh day of the week should be observed as the Sab-bath, and who actually refrain from open-ing their places of business on that day." Why the Measure Should Not Be cAdopted The California Signs of the Times gives in substance the following reasons why this measure should not become a part of the State constitution: Š 1. It is a demand for religious legisla-tion, and religious legislation is contrary to the very genesis and genius of American liberty. The measure is religious in that it sets apart a religious day,Š religious in its origin and observance. It is veiled, it is true, in this proposed measure, by the harm-less-looking term, " the first day of the week ; " but its intent is religious. This is evidenced by the proposed exemption of " persons who conscientiously believe that the seventh day of the week should be ob-served as the Sabbath, and who actually refrain from opening their places of busi-ness on that day." The Sabbath is wholly a religious institution. The exemption demonstrates the object of the proposed law,Š to protect, promote, and set apart the first day of the week as the Sabbath. We need not point out to our intelligent readers that conscientious belief is outside the purview of civil government. Wisely the fathers of this republic guarded the rights of conscience by the constitutional provisions prohibiting the ma-king of religious tests, or the making of 