LIBERTY 65 ligion or church, the Postmaster-General not only has the power, but he is directed, com-manded in that case, to exclude from the mails that particular publication. Was there ever such a proposition brought forward in the history of all this country that some in-dividuals should be given the power if some-thing is represented to be of a certain char-acter, that then he is directed and commanded to practically exclude that person from his rights as an American citizen? What would you, gentlemen, think of legislation providing that if a judge has before him a man who is represented to be a thief, that that judge shall have the power to send such a man to jail without investigation and without trial? This is exactly an analogous case to that. I have here a brief extract from a publica-tion called the Chronicle, which is published under the name of the Protestant Episcopal Church of this country. That publication re-cently had in it the following editorial:Š " It is quite evident that if matter is pub-lished which is defamatory, false, and libel-ous, the sufferers have their recourse, as is perfectly just, through common lawsuits and jury trials. More than this protection cannot be given the citizens, without subjecting the press to an arbitrary administrative interfer-ence which gravely interferes with the free-dom of the press." That is exactly our position. The editorial goes on to say:Š " To seek to wrest a law 'directed against obscene literature so as to suppress libelous literature is not only dishonest but lawless. To pick out for this attack that kind of libel-ous literature which attacks a religious de-nomination as such is in the nature of reli-gious persecution. Such a proceeding would not only be very dangerous to our free insti-tutions, but, by the reaction it would provoke, injurious to the religious denomination con-cerned. In fact, it would be far more in-jurious than the scurrilous attacks referred to. . . ." Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the com-mittee, I do not desire to say any more. I have mentioned the principal objections in our minds and I think I have said sufficient to convince any open-minded gentleman present here this morning of the fact that this pro-posed legislation is dangerous, that it involves an attack upon the freedom of the press, and an attack upon the freedom of speech. And the day when that is done will mark the be-ginning of the destruction of American liberty. Mr. Steenerson : It strikes me that Mr. Fitz- gerald's bill does not require that a newspaper or periodical shall be mailed at all. It says that the Postmaster-General is required only to ask if such a person is engaged in that kind of business, and if so, that he shall not be allowed to use the mails. You condemn  that man because he is engaged in that busi-ness. Mr. Buchanan: It does not need to appear that he has used the mails; it would be like condemning a man for murder before it had been proved that he had committed the crime. Rev. G. F. Williams followed Dr. Mc-Kim in opposition to the bills, and point-edly illustrated his contention that the laws and the courts are sufficient pro- tection to individuals and organizations who may be attacked by any portion of the press without the passage of a law that would infringe upon the legitimate activities of the press of the whole country. Dr. Collins's Statement Rev. W. Russell Collins, editor of the Converted Catholic, who represented also the Episcopal Recorder, made a very spirited address in opposition to these bills. We give the following interesting excerpts from his remarks : Š It has already been demonstrated that the attempt here is to divert the power of the courts to one man, and to give one man the jurisdiction which the courts now enjoy. I do not know the animus of it, except that it may be based upon the belief that it is pos-sible sometimes to more easily influence one man than it might be to influence a court. It has been brought out here, through ques-tioning, and reluctantly admitted, that behind this bill is a religious issue. It is the Roman Catholic Church making an attempt to de-fend itself against something, we do not know what. But I notice that the Roman Catholic Church does not adopt nor accept means of defense that are put within its reach. There is. a certain book published in this country which these gentlemen, the authors of these bills, would no doubt include in their defini-tion of the terms obscene, libelous, and scur-rilous, in which the author brings tremen-dous charges against individuals of the church which has been brought into question here, in the preface to which he makes an offer of $1o,000 to be given to any man or to any or-ganization that will disprove any one of his charges, and offers to deliver up to such man or organization the plates of his book for destruction; but not a single member of the organization which is now appealing for re-dress here, has ever come forward to make any attempt to claim that $to,000; yet under this proposed law undoubtedly an attempt would be made to exclude that book from the mails as being scurrilous. Mr. Reilly : Do you think it is scurrilous? 