- - , TERRITORY O CIVIF  L AFFAIRS LIBERTY 35 It is this false idea that has led mul-titudes of honest persons to seek so ear-nestly for Sunday legislation. Many think that to prohibit on Sunday by civil law everything which is not strictly a work of necessity or charity, would prove a great blessing to the cause of religion, and would fill the church with worshipers. The idea is held that Sun-day-closing should embrace all kinds of business, labor, and amusements, the closing of public parks, art galleries, li-braries, etc., the prohibiting of the run-ning of excursions, the publishing of newspapers, and even the running of street-cars. With the prohibition of all these things on Sunday, it will be seen that the only thing left for the people to do would be to remain at home or to attend church. It is, therefore, evident why there is a demand for a compulsory rest day. The Sunday institution is purely an institution of the church, and  back of this demand for a compulsory rest is the religious sentiment connected with it. The following is plainly indic-ative of this : Š " Be it remembered that without a sabbath there will be no great ingather-ings seen in the churches ; while, with a sabbath guaranteed to all classes of laborers, we make it possible to develop a proper home life among the laborers, and make it possible for church influ-ence to touch them."Š Mich-igan Christian Advocate, Aug. a6, 1899. Should there be a failure to secure a large " ingather-ing " into the church by tightly placing the lid on all business and amusements on Sunday, what would be the next logical step ? Š It is not difficult to see that the next step would be to require church attendance, under pain and penalty of civil law, as the following shows : Š " I would advise a remedy in the shape of a law, com-pelling every man, woman, and child in this country. physically able, to attend di-vine services on Sunday, and insist on their hearing the Word of God, those who neglect such a duty to be pun-ished by a fine or imprison-ment.-- E. A. McD., in Baltimore Sun, March 25, 1907. This is not an extreme statement, once the Sunday-law premise is admitted, for the same authority that can require a person to refrain from all secular pur-suits on Sunday, can, with equal consist-ency, define what he shall be required to do upon that day. In view of the terrible results which must follow the success of this move-ment, all should awaken to the serious-ness of the situation, and use their tit-most endeavors against the success of any such undertaking. 