8 LIBERTY their party were made to take oath never to participate in a religious act of any kind. Such an act has no relation to freedom of conscience. It is a kind of slavery acquiesced in " for a considera-tion," and instead of encouraging liberty, debases the character of those who per-mit themselves to be a party to it. An infidel, in conversation with the editor of a religious journal, advocated the idea that parents had no right to talk to their children of religious things, and declared that every one who dared to do so ought to be shot. How different is the prin-ciple of true religious liberty enunciated by Jesus : " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." That is true religious liberty, and so far as such liberty is enjoyed in any country, it is the product of true Christianity. To it the freethinker can not legitimately lay claim ; for the spirit and the inspira-tion of it are foreign to the instincts of the human heart. Sunday Laws Declared Unconstitutional THERE is now and then a jurist who sees the real nature of Sunday laws and the result of their enforcement upon the people, and who is able also to recognize the real opposition existing between Sun-day laws and the Constitutional guar-anty of religious freedom. Such a jurist is Judge Gantenbien, of the equity de-partment of the Oregon Circuit Court, who recently handed down a decision declaring that the Oregon statute prohib-iting the transaction of business on " the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," is unconstitutional. He holds that it conflicts with the federal Consti-tution as it restricts religious liberty, in that it was passed to compel the observ-ance of the first day of the week as the sabbath, which is contrary to the relig-ious belief of many citizens ; that it was  not passed as a matter of police power ; that it is discriminatory in that it permits certain lines of business to operate seven days in the week while restricting others to six days' activity. He finally declares that the law is unreasonable and arbi-trary. What Judge Gantenbien says of this law is just as true of all Sunday laws. They are not, as so often claimed by Sunday-law advocates, mere police regu-lations. The matter of Sabbath observ-ance is not a matter for police regulation in any particular. The purpose of the Sunday law is always and everywhere the compulsory observance of a sabbath ; and wherever one has been passed, the re-ligious liberty of the people has been in-terfered with. The Pope's Authority Over Rulers IN a recent issue of the Catholic Mir-ror, the sermon of a Catholic priest is reported under this title : " Church and State. Each Given Full Power in Its Separate Sphere. They are Two Rulers. One with Authority Over Spiritual, the Other Over Temporal Matters." This priest quotes approvingly the words of Christ, " Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's," and declares that " age after age the Roman pontiffs, while claiming the right to censure and cor-rect rulers for their unlawful and sinful acts, for in those days the rulers were members of the church and subjects of the pontiffs in spiritual matters no less than the humblest in their kingdoms, yet always paid them the greatest deference, and insisted on the obligation of obedi-ence due to them from all." The priest refers to the famous bull, " Unam Sanctam," issued by Boniface VIII in A. D. 130o, and explains that the statement that princes "are subject to the Roman pontiff in respect of sin," means " with regard to their good or 