164 LIBERTY protest in any other way ; but it is signifi-cant that he paid for the space which he occupied, .although his communication was certainly a matter of general public interest. It may be proper to state in this con-nection that we are just as much opposed to any interference in political matters on the part of the Protestant churches as on the part of the Roman Catholic Church; and we regard as dangerous both to the church and the state, the tendency of the Federal Council of the  Churches of Christ in America to use the influence of that powerful organiza-tion in securing legislation, and in other-wise influencing the action of the legis-lators. The church was not instituted to secure reforms by law, or to act as gen-eral adviser to the state. The church is not a political machine. This episode in the Northwest was not regarded as of sufficient importance to command general public attention, but it is one of the straws which show the di-rection of the wind. tV tfE That Sunday-Closing Proviso IN the last issue of LIBERTY a full statement was made concerning the pro-viso attached to' the Post-office Appro-priation Bill forbidding the opening of post-offices of the first and second classes for the delivery of mail to the general public on Sundays. In its report to the Senate, the Committee on Post-offices and Post-roads recommended that this proviso should be concurred in by the Senate, and it was retained in the bill as finally passed. An order was issued by C. P. Grandfield, .First Assistant Post-master-General, which took effect Sun-day, September 1, instructing all offices affected by the law that there would be no handling of mail in the Post-office De-partment, except mail in transit, between midnight Saturday night and midnight Sunday night, but that special delivery letters would be delivered as usual. In its issue of August 29, the New York Times refers to this proviso as an " unnecessary specimen of ' jay' legisla-tion," and declares that " the law is a bad law, and should be repealed as soon as possible." To quote further : Š This backwoods legislation has been carefully designed to affect only the large cities. In offices of the third and fourth class there will be no curtailment of Sun-day work. The fishermen and summer sojourners of Siasconset will get their  Sunday letters and newspapers as usual. But in New York, Chicago, and Boston, and other large cities, Sunday mail serv-ice will inevitably be less effective than it has been. . . . This so-called Sabbatarian measure, born of the meddlesome methods of a lot of self-appointed reformers, was placed before the House of Representa-tives a year or more ago by Representa-tive Mann, of Illinois, of whom more in-telligence might have been expected. It has naturally appealed to the notions of " social uplift " held by the jay mem-bers, especially when the embargo was lifted from the smaller offices. The new Sunday law was conceived in a petty and meddlesome spirit. . . . Few believed that even the jay Con-gress of 1912 would try to carry us back to the methods of the first quarter of the last century. That the people are not satisfied with the law is clearly indicated in the rising storm of protest. Although this law does not require the observance of Sunday, it is such a legis-lative recognition of the day as will no doubt be used later as a precedent for securing the enactment of a measure ma-king work on Sunday a crime. By ta-king this action, it would appear that Congress has reversed the decision made when the famous Sunday Mail Reports of 1829 and 1830 were adopted, and has violated a precedent that has been fol-lowed for more than a century. 