ROGER WILLIAMS, AN EXI LE FOR CONSCIENCE' SAKE LIBERTY  169 them, that they finally resolved to die rather than be forced to go back under the old order of things. The spirit of freedom had been awakened, never to slumber again. At last the battles for freedom in America were fought, and the victory was won. A nation was founded upon the identical principles for which Roger Williams contended, strove, and suffered from the time that he put his foot upon American soil in 1631. The flame of freedom he had enkindled in the bosoms of men, the doctrines he instilled in their minds, and the spirit and love for truth and justice he so firmly ad-vocated, paved the way for the greatest crisis and revolution of mod-ern times. Roger Will-iams first lifted the torch of liberty and sounded the battle-cry for freedom of con-science on Columbia's shores, which finally led to a mighty up-heaval of old systems of government and the triumph of the grand-est and noblest princi-ples that ever emanated from the pen of man. Those principles, like truth, are eternal. As soon as the Puritans landed in New England, they established their own re-ligion by civil law, and forced all dis-senters to conform to their religious views and interpretations of Bible doc-trines. They, of course, believed that they were justified in persecuting non-conformists because they were enforcing the true religion, but that England was wrong in persecuting the Puritans be-cause she had a false religion. This has always been the argument of every per-secuting power. Roger Williams had no sooner landed in America than he began his opposition to their compulsory Sunday laws, and denied the right of the civil magistrate to punish a breach of the Sabbath, or  any other religious offense. On April 12, 1631, a letter was written to Mr. Endicott, by order of the general court of Massachusetts, in which the court charged Williams with having " declared his opinion that the magistrate might not punish a breach of the Sabbath, nor any other [religious] offense, as it was a breach of the first table."Ñ Knowles's " Memoirs of Williams," page 45. " He saw at a glance that corruption and persecution must work out in Amer-ica the same results as they had wrought in England. At once, therefore, he pro- tested, as a sound-minded man, that the magistrate might not punish a breach of the first table of the law, comprised in the first four of the ten command-ments."Ñ"History of the Baptists," page 628. In Governor Winthrop's Journal, Vol. I, pages 52, 53, 162, we find that Roger Williams was twice summoned before the general court at Boston,Ñ once in 1631 and again in 1635,Ñ and was con-demned for holding these " erroneous and very dangerous opinions " concerning " the civil magistracy and churches." In the " Force Tracts," published by authority of the United States govern-ment, we find the testimony of Samuel Gorton, who landed in Boston very soon after Williams had been banished, as 