LIBERTY 91 a state religion. We can hardly conceive that full-fledged Americans could go so far astray on American principles of civil government as to introduce bills aiming at the legal establishment of the Christian religion. L. st !V IV Municipalities and Morals THE Manchester (England) Guard-ian of May 7, had an editorial on "Morals and Rates," which "points a moral " even if it does not " adorn a tale." Referring to an article by Mr. George Bernard Shaw, the Guardian says : " Municipalities had charge of the morals of the community, and very often they had a great deal of trouble in that connection. He had taken part in those measures which the munici-palities used for sustaining the morality of their districts, and he was forced to admit that these measures were practically an encourage-ment to immorality Š they were so entirely futile." We would that all men were not only moral, but genuinely religious. We would that all men observed the Sabbath from choice. But they do not, and so far as the state is concerned every effort to secure these ends only drives people farther from them. Baseball and other sports are not at all in keeping with the Bible Sabbath. But for any Sabbath the civil state can make and maintain, they are a thousand times better than the se-ci et card and crap games, and abomina-ble vices fostered by enforced idleness with physically wholesome recreation for-bidden. From the purely civil standpoint, the more wholesome amusements there are on Sunday the better. To attempt to en-force a religious Sabbath is, in the words of the Guardian, " an encouragement to immorality." A civil Sabbath can be only a civil rest day. When the state aims at anything more than this, it is attempting to enforce the observance of a religious institution, and must of ne- ePssity become a persecutor. B. tu  Ł twArus.P   News and Notes THE May Day outrages which the Reds threatened to commit were a failure, because their plans were nipped in the bud through publicity, and secret warnings sent to those who were to fall victims to their bombs and plots. The Department of Justice rendered efficient service to the public after obtaining Ł valuable information of the secret plottings. !V !V !V JOHN W. BAER, in his moderatorial address at the opening session of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in Philadelphia, May 20, according to the Associated Press re-port, " urged churchmen to take an active part in the politics of the country." And he closed his address with a strong plea for the forma-tion of " an organic union of all the evangelical churches." This sounds very much as if this " world merger " of the various churches is combining for the purpose of operating upon our political institutions. PROTESTANT churches all over Ireland are being attacked, desecrated, and destroyed. St. Mary's Protestant Church, Navan, Meath, was desecrated by a gang, who broke into it, drank the communion wine, stole the church linen, destroyed the rector's clerical robes, and at-tempted to open the safe. The windows of the Clifton Street Presbyterian Church, Belfast, were all smashed in by stones thrown at long range. Similar outrages are committed against Protestant churches all over the southern and western portions of Ireland. Š The Sentinel (Toronto), May 13. !V !V !V AMERICA obtained her political freedom at Yorktown when Lord Cornwallis surrendered to George Washington in 1781. From that date to the present the little town has made few im-provements, and tourists have called the place " a historical dump." It does not possess even a local daily paper. Recently the Government constructed a concrete road from Newport News to Yorktown, and this has brought some automobilists and sightseers to the little se-cluded town on Sundays. A few small stores opened on Sunday to sell ice cream and soft drinks to the tourists, and the churches are now demanding a rigid Sunday law to pro-hibit the sale of such articles. A hearing was granted on this question May 1, and the local 