LIBERTY 107 discoverer of America; but it is being perverted to be a specially Catholic holi-day, a day to magnify the glory of the Catholic Church. . . . Not only do the Catholic organizations devise the great processions of the day, but we observe that the Catholic newspapers are treating it as specially their day. Thus the Bos-ton Pilot, owned by Archbishop O'Con-nell, says : ' Every Catholic man who is in a position to do so, should take part in the great parade of Columbus day. It should be a source of pride thus to make public profession of the faith that is in him.' " Such a special right in the day does not encourage the remaining States to adopt it." The Papal Flag Honored Two flags preceded every division of the Knights of Columbus as they marched by the President's reviewing stand at the Columbus Memorial unveil-ing, June 8,Š the papal and the Amer-ican. They were borne by two standard-bearers marching abreast, the papal col-ors being next to the stand. Thus, in raising his hat to salute the American flag, the President also saluted the Pope's standard, to the strains of patriotic airs that were struck up by the many bands as they approached the reviewing stand. A very clever arrangement by the Cath-olic planners of the parade, indeed ! This intermingling of the standards of the Pope and the United States is evident at all parades manipulated by the Cath-olic sponsors for the union of church and state. The Meaning of "Columtws Day" The enforced observance of this holi-day means much to every patriotic citizen of the United States: Š I. Preceding the November elections by a few weeks, it will impress politi-cians of all parties and the people in general with the strength of the Catholic vote. 2. The union of church and state is fostered by the parades composed of the army, the navy, and secret Catholic  societies, all Protestant societies or anti-Catholic secret societies being ruled out. 3. It requires every non-Catholic citi-zen,  to surrender the exercise of his nat-ural American right to labor or do busi-ness upon any day that he may choose, without let or hindrance by law. 4. It compels non-Catholics and Cath-olics to do honor to Roman Catholicism on the false plea of patriotism and loy-alty to the Constitution. 5. The movement is calculated to de-ceive the American people, even to the brass badge " U. S. Constitution " worn on the breasts of the members of the Knights of Columbus. It is, in short, a church-and-state-union movement para-ding under the guise of loyalty to the separation of church and state princi-ples of the Constitution. Catholics and Non-Catholics Skold 1-rotest It is to be hoped that the loyal Amer-ican citizens of the eighteen States in the Union that have not yet legalized this sectarian holiday, will vigorously protest to their State legislatures against the en-actment of any law that will recognize Columbus day or any other religious hol-, iday or festival Š Protestant, Mohamme-dan, Catholic, or Jewish Š as a legal day of rest. Why should any Catholic citi-zen be compelled to do that which he even wants to dot Our government, State or federal, has no right, under the Constitution, to compel the active or passive observance of any holiday tainted with sectarianism, or having a religious origin. And this principle applies to the enforced observance of not only Colum-bus day, but of Sunday and every other religious holiday. Let the voices of true citizens in every part of America be raised in protest also against the enactment of a national law by Congress sanctioning the enforced ob-servance of Columbus day. Write your senators and your representatives at once, protesting against the enactment of the Columbus day bill now pending in Congress, giving good American reasons for your protest. 