TEMPERANCE ,M141.1M1.1341MIMPIMEIMMI1111.1.114ŁMludlumMdullIM....Ł The Question of the Century THE question of the century is not one of economics; and yet the question of the sanest economics is held within its com-pass. The question of the century is not one of jurisprudence; and yet the most vexing problems of lawmaking and ju-dicial interpretation enter into its imme-diate and ultimate solution. The ques-tion of the century is not what the news-papers call " conservation ; " and yet it is a thousandfold more vital to our na-tion's life than the rebuilding of waste places, or the conservation of our leap-ing streams and towering trees. The question of the century, ladies and gentlemen, embraces all economics, touches all law, and deals with the lofti-est type of conservation for which states-men ever planned, and of which phi-iobophers ever dreamed. It is vibrant with the very music of the spheres ; it stirs with the heart-beats of the truest humanity; it blazes with the altar-fires of everlasting truth ; it is luminous with reason, radiant with hope, and fairly glo-rious with the conquering principles of eternal right, that shall live until the stars have ceased to twinkle and the sun has ceased to shine. Conservation The great question of the century is our country's conservation, not of her streams and her trees, but of her chil-dren. The burning question of the day is, How long shall the flag of the free throw its protection around a business that can only prosper by the downfall of the nation's citizenship ; how long, for the yellow glare of the " gold that leads to bewilder and dazzles to blind," shall that flag, bought with the blood of our fathers, and secured by the loyal prowess of their sons, wave its folds over the legalized saloon,Š the saloon that is the 188  trysting-place of anarchy, the hotbed of crime, the companion of the brothel, and the gateway to hell ? All the revenues from our tariff, all the nation's wealth and international glory, and all the development of our resources that can come from the startling genius of man, can not requite the treasury of our country, nor the ranks of our man-hood, for the horrible losses that come from the legalized saloon. Think of it, you who charge us with undue excite-ment over the tragic denouement of a sentimental drama ; think of it, you who ask for facts instead of fiction, and for force instead of fancy's " fitful dream ; " think of it, you who promise Utopian deliverance through railroad regulation and tariff legislation ; think of it, if you are not lost to all reason and blind to all truth : " The net earnings of all the rail-roads in America will not pay the na-tion's drink bill for sixty days ; " while the liquor problem, even from a com-mercial standpoint, is seven times as large as the question of the nation's tariff ! The senses reel and stagger over the proved findings of statistics that in America seven hundred twenty thousand lives go out every year because of the direct or indirect influence of alcohol. Even the commercial productiveness is cut off thirteen billion dollars by the depleting appetites of twenty-three mil-lion regular drinkers and the untimely deaths of these seven hundred twenty thousand citizens. This tragedy every year, to say nothing of the.  moral de-bauchery of the millions who plot and scheme for this unspeakable " dominion of iniquity " ! Above all the horrible names that tower in their bloody blackness over the bones of man and the cemeteries of time, stands the loathsome figure of the Mon-gol king, who marked the march of his 