A Combination ŠA Warning GIVE us good Sunday laws, well enforced by men in local authority, and our churches will be full of worshipers, and our young men and women will be attracted to the divine service. A mighty combination of the churches of the United States could win from Congress, the state legislatures, and municipal councils, all legislation essential to this splendid result." Š Rev. S. V. Leech, D. D. ,u ,4 4 " I trust that one of the practical results of this conference [the New York Conference on Church Federation] will be the organi-zation of a force that lawbreakers and lawmakers will respect and heed when great questions of morals are involved. . . . Rulers may ignore sects, but they will respect the Church. This Federation will compel an audience, and it will speak with power if it will put aside its differences and make its agreement its argument"Š Rev. Charles A. Dickey, D. D., LL. D. .4 ,4 ;4 " Let a Federation of all the Christian churches in this nation come into being."Š Hon. David Brewer, LL. D., at the Inter-Church Conference on Federation, New York, November, 1905. .4 4 4 " It is one of the most significant facts of the twentieth century, this great Federation of these mighty Christian bodies."Š Hon. M. Linn Bruce, Chairman Inter-Church Conference on Federation. .4 4 4 " If this Federation should grow into a centralized power under which the denominations lose their distinctive identity and native perfect freedom, then we shall see here despotism, cruelty, and persecution by Protestantism. Human nature has not changed. It was a sorry day for the world when there was but one human brain in the world, and that brain in the chair of St. Peter's."ŠBishop Fowler, at the Inter-Church Conference on Federation. 4 .4 ;4 " Extensive religious combinations to effect a political object are, in the opinion of the committee, always dangerous. . . . All relig-ious despotism commences by combination and influence ; and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it ; and the catas-trophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the conse-quences."Š Report of the United States Senate Committee on Post-Offices and Post-Roads, Jan. 19, 1829. 4 4 4 These warnings were timely. Nevertheless, the religious com-bination against which they were uttered has been formed, and has begun to use its " influence." The " despotism " and the " perse-cution " predicted will soon be apparent. 