186 LIBERTY The Catholic press complains loudly that such treatment is an infringement upon the religious liberty of the Catholic Church. We have always felt it a privi-lege and deemed it a duty to plead in defense of the religious liberty of any church or individual, irrespective of re-ligious faith, whenever their liberties were assailed. We should like to do it in this case if we could do so consistently. But when a church unites with the state. accepts aid from the state, employs force in religion, and meddles with politics, what can the church reasonably expect  from the state but just such drastic treat-ment when the state finally decides to become the dominating power or to throw off the yoke and sever all connections ? The questions of the wise man are applicable here : " Can a man take fire in his bosom, and his clothes not be burned Can one go upon hot coals, and his feet not be burned ? " Just so, the church which joins herself to an unlawful lord Š" a wound and dishonor shall she get ; and her reproach shall not be wiped away.-  See Prov. 6: 27, 28, 33. C. S. L. W The Sunday Law Referendum in California FARMERS and fruit growers of Cali-fornia have discovered that they have two eight-hour laws to fight, for nicely sandwiched in the Sunday-closing meas-ure, proposed on the initiative and to be voted on by the electors in Novem-ber, are provisions that would limit labor to eight hours a day, even should the regular eight-hour law be defeated. This Sunday-closing proposition has been pressed forward by the church ele-ment, and, not content with demanding the imposition of penalties of fine and imprisonment for Sunday labor, they slipped in a provision that would insure the enforcement of an eight-hour day Ł throughout California if the Sunday Rest Act should carry. Strong opposition on religious grounds already existed to the plan of making labor on Sunday punishable as a criminal offense; but the discovery of the addi-tional objection of a full-fledged eight-hour day provision has brought to the aid of the objectors the united strength of those opposed to that proposition. The five-hundred-word argument to be printed on the sheet of instructions to voters, and to be distributed throughout California, in opposition to the Sunday law, reveals this and other flagrant pro-visions of the proposed act. The text of this opposing argument, prepared by W. Mayhew Healey, of San Diego, is as fol-lows : Š This proposed law discriminates in favor of those sects that observe Sunday as a, day of rest and religious worship, by selecting and establishing it by law as the day of rest, and enforcing it upon the people under severe penalties of fines and imprisonment ; while those who would observe another day are merely permitted to do so, under prescribed con-ditions, limitations, and restrictions. This is a violation of the constitution of the State of California, which declares that " the free exercise and enjoyment of religious profession and worship, with-out discrimination or preference, shall forever be guaranteed in this State." ŠConstitution of California, Art. I. Sec. I. The enforced observance of a day held sacred by one of the sects is a discrimination in favor of that sect, and a violation of the freedom of the others."Š California Reports, Vol. IX, page 502. This proposed law is an unwarranted interference with individual rights and personal liberty. " A man's constitu-tional liberty means more than his per-sonal freedom. It means, with many other rights, his right freely to labor, and to own the fruits of his toil. . . . It is a 