T. D. CROTHERS, M. D., A WELL-KNOWN ADVOCATE OF TEMPERANCE 44  LIBERTY ited, they, in legal effect, declare it to be a public menace, and from this two other propositions are inevitable : Ñ 1. The saloon, being a public menace, is inherently unlawful. 2. Being inherently a public menace, the saloon can not be made a private right by a legislative act. A wrong is not a lawful right, and it can not be made such by legislative ac-tion. By the use of judicial terms, the courts have declared the saloon an outlaw. If it were not so regarded judi-cially, it could not be unconditionally suppressed. On Sept. 5, 1907, before the Northwest-e r n Methodist Episcopal Confer-ence, a t Green-castle, Ind., Gov-ernor Hanly said of the saloon : " It is an enemy well worth while. It has great wealth. It is adroit and cunning. It is re-sourceful. It touches the finan-cial interests of many men. It is desperate. It observes no law, human or divine. It violates legislative enactments and tramples upon the most solemn con-stitutional inhibitions. The rules of civ- ilized warfare are to it a meaningless jingle of idle words. It is a black flag. It is an outlaw. Its god is Mammon. It has no religion but the greed of gain. No love that the lust of gold does not corrupt. No pity that avarice does not strangle." On the next day, the Indianapolis News editorially indorsed the statements of the governor, said it was a " true key-note," and added: " In a word, we are dealing with men who are rebels against both the moral and the statute law, men who seek to rule through alliances with corrupt and cowardly politicians. Op-posing prohibition and favoring regula-tion, they yet refuse to be regulated, and violate Ñ with the consent and conni-vance of men in office Ñ every law to regulate and control the traffic. This is why the people are so thoroughly aroused. It seems to them to be a ques-tion whether they or the liquor dealers shall rule. No one can study the problem of municipal govern-ment in this coun-try without real-izing that one of the most corrupt-ing influences in 1 oca 1 government is this same liquor traffic." These state-ments are merely elaborations of the estimate placed upon the saloon by the courts, when they affirm that it may be prevented altogether. tOn June 25, 1907, the Indiana Supreme Court, while acknowledg-ing that danger and evil to the peace and good order of society attend and inhere in the saloon, held that it was right and legitimate at common law, and inciden-tally suggested that to think otherwise is to entertain strange and singular views. On June 26, the Indianapolis News indorsed the opinion of the supreme court, and said that its statements were as clear as the axioms of geometry. By indorsing the language of the court and the governor both, the News put itself in the attitude of affirming that the sa-loon is a lawful outlaw. The various statements of the courts, 