22 LIBERTY crnments waited in the rain to welcome the legate. The reception ceremony was carried out in the city hall, around an improvised throne occupied by the legate ; and wherever he appeared in public dur-ing the congress he was seated upon a throne, with lesser dignitaries on either hand and grouped around. From the character of the reception tendered the legate by the federal gov-ernment, the provincial government, and the municipality, it was evident that in Christ," and the legate declared that America was the church's heritage; that God had given all the immense popula-tions of this vast continent into the cus-tody of " the universal pastor," the Pope. This idea was reiterated, more explic-itly for the United States, by the legate at New York City on October 7, in a message to American Catholics. He said : Š The holy father is coming more and more to regard your wonderful United States as the favorite daugh-ter of the church. Catholicism has here made more wonder-ful strides than anywhere else in the world. Your bish-ops, priests, and teachers have built up a magnificent church organization. Under your government of freedom and personal liberty the church and its individuals have pros-pered splendidly. These declarations, coupled with those made during re-cent years by representatives of the Roman hierarchy, settle it beyond question that Rome regards North America as the land of opportunity for her, the land through whose influ-ence she will win back to her THE PAPAL LEGATE, THE ARCHBISHOP OF MON-TREAL, AND THE GUARD OF HONOR Canada he was considered as ranking every official of the realm. It was very evident, too, that he expected to receive this homage and to occupy this place. In the letter of the Pope, appointing Cardinal Vincenzo Vannutelli papal leg-ate to represent him at this congress, the Pope declared that, through this Eucha-ristic bread and the dogma for which it stood, the lands divided by the seas would be united, and all would come to yield obedience to him, " the vicar of Christ." That thought was the key-note of the cardinal's address. The Pope was designated " the restorer of all things in fold the disaffected nations of the Old World; and it is written in the Book of God that thus it is to be Š for a little season. What that condition will mean for " freedom and personal liberty " may he very accurately judged by some of the ex cathedra utterances of the Popes. Gregory XVI, Pius IX, and Pius X are all outspoken in condemnation of free-dom of speech and of the press, and especially in condemnation of religious liberty. Gregory XVI calls it insanity, while Pius IX indorses Gregory, and characterizes it as a most pernicious error, and destructive of human souls, and against the interests of the church. 