LIBERTY 31 News and Notes THE Sunday-closing contest recently carried on in Grand Rapids, Mich., which was aimed at Sunday theaters, met with a signal defeat by the use of the referendum, which was made use of for the first time in that State. REV. HENRY A. BUTCH EL, the Methodist minister who was recently elected governor of Colorado, delivered his inaugural mes-sage in the Denver Trinity Methodist Church, and concluded it with the Lord's prayer. Query.Š What will be the next step? SUNDAY-CLOSING crusades are being carried on vigorously in different cities throughout the country. In Boston it is reported that no less than twelve hundred people were recently summoned before the police court for violation of the Massa-chusetts Sunday law. A SUNDAY bill passed the House of Representatives at the legislature in Topeka, Kan., Jan. 24, 1907. The bill is comparatively a liberal one, for it only prohibits amusements and games when an admission fee is charged. The wicked prin-ciple of religious legislation nevertheless underlies the bill, and it is therefore a dan-gerous measure. THE Young Men's Hebrew Association of Boston appealed to the Massachusetts Legislature for a chance to labor on Sun-day, providing they disturbed no one; but Dr. Kneeland, the Secretary of the New England Sabbath Protective League, op-posed the granting of the request, on the ground that but few Hebrews observed Saturday in a religious way. Who can fail *to see that this whole question is a religious one? In order to be exempt from the Sunday law a man must observe another day religiously. THE following Scriptural quotations, without any comments or explanations, ap-peared at the top of the first page of the Congressional Record, bearing date of Feb. 6, 1907: " Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing," etc. " Ye shall know them by their fruits." " Be-ware lest any man spoil you through phi-losophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men." The warning voiced in these texts should be remembered and heeded by every Congressman when urged to use his influ-ence in the interests of religious legislation of any kind. But how they came to be printed thus in the Congressional Record is not stated. A MOST enthusiastic and interesting hear-ing took place February 3 before the com-mittee on the Sunday-rest amendment in the California Legislature. Six of the speakers championing the constitutional amendment, stood for Sunday rest laws, and four rep-resentatives of religious liberty spoke in opposition to this proposed measure. Ac-cording to a recent report, a signal victory was achieved for the cause of religious freedom. Ł DISTRICT A ITORN EY JEROME, Of New York City, recently gave the following ad-vice to a committee of prominent ministers, whose services he desired to enlist in the interests of certain social reforms: " There is no way to deal with the legislators, but to drive them, for they fear public senti-ment. They can be driven like sheep if we go at them right. And let me assure you, they are dead-scared of a minister." But the business of scaring statesmen into the enactment of religious legislation is entirely outside the work which Jesus Christ set for his followers. REPRESENTATIVE ROBERT LUCE, of Som-erville, Mass., tecently gave an address in Boston, in favor of Sunday legislation. It was a vain attempt to show that it was not the religious feature of the day that the law requires. One statement, however, from his address will suffice to show its religious flavor : " All that can be said is that what the great mass of any given community at any time deem to be sacred or profane, should be so required and re-garded by all." From this statement it will be seen that the majority can decide as to what is and what is not sacred. The very principle of the Inquisition is voiced in these words. As the result of an order issued by the post commander in Columbus, Ohio, re-quiring a certain soldier to attend divine services, it has recently been decided by the War Department that soldiers may be required to properly observe the Sabbath (Sunday), and be formed into line and marched to their respective places of wor-ship, but shall not be required to enter the church or attend the services. Thus the principle of religious liberty guaranteed by this government has been violated by the War Department in requiring soldiers to observe the Sabbath, and in forming them into line and marching them to the church. If soldiers' can be marched to church, and marched to the church which their superiors may choose, it is but a step further to com-pel them and all others to attend the service Š and to worship. 