20 LIBERTY The sure word of prophecy is fulfilling be-fore our eyes. One of the most significant signs of the times is the uprising of the spirit of religious intclerance and oppres-sion. The cnly safety for the child of God is in implicit faith in, the word of the living God. That word is a shield and defense, and the only legitimate weapon of the Christian warfare. Stereopticon Lecture on the Evils of Religious Legislation BY W. A. WENTWORTH, OF HARTFORD, CONN. THE closing address of the convention was illustrated by lime-light views. We can not here reproduce the stirring scenes in the story of the struggle for religious and civil liberty so beautifully depicted upon the canvas by the stereopticon. Mr. Westworth's lecture turned upon the his-toric plea that condemned Christ: " We have a law, and by our law he ought to die." The lecturer said : Š They say this question of enforced Sun-day observance is not a matter of religion Šjust a matter of law. The law says so and so, and whether the law is good, bad, or indifferent, you have got to keep it, or you are not a good citizen. If you say, " 0 yes, I am a good citizen," they reply, " But don't you know the Bible says, Be subject to the power ; the powers that be are or-dained of God; and that you can not be a Christian unless you obey the law? If it is a bad law, keep it anyway. Be a good Christian, and take your medicine like the rest of them." I think of the time when in old Medo-Persia's rule they passed a law that no one should ask any favor of any body except Darius for a period of thirty days; and if he did, he would go to the den of lions. There was a man, the premier of the land, Daniel by name, and when the time came for him to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, he went to his usual place, with his windows open toward Jerusalem, and there, with his face toward the holy city, three times a day offered his petition to heaven. They went after him, arrested him, and he was con-victed and thrown into the den of lions. Ah, friends, all Christendom look back to-day with approbation upon Daniel's act, and they unite in singing, " Dare to be a Daniel; dare to stand alone; dare to have a purpose  firm ; dare to make it known." Daniel broke the law, but he obeyed God. Let us remember that there is a duty which we have that is higher than any law that man can make. I care not whether ycu are a believer or an infidel, Catholic or Protestant, there is but one opinion that has been rendered con-cerning the Christ life, the life of the Man of Galilee. It was the very' essence of high morality. There was a time, however, when the misguided zealots of his day brought him up before the Roman governor. What did they claim, that this man was a mur-derer, a thief, an adulterer? Š Ah, no; no one would say a word against his character. That was irreproachable. But they said, " We have a law, and by our law he ought to die." It was not that this man was a bad man, but it was " the law, the law, the law." What mattered it to them whether that law was right or wrong? They were willing to put him to death because the law said so and so. They influenced the legislature, as men are doing to-day, and they took the man of Galilee and nailed him to the tree. And why? Because his life was a menace to the community?Š No; simply because they had " a law " ! The law did not prove that the martyrs of old Pagan Rome were bad people. It did not say that their lives were-  so immoral that they must needs be taken out of the way. But they said, " We have a law that none shall worship any god save those that are represented in the Pantheon." There were some who tried to worship the true God. Like Peter of old, they said, " Whether it is right in the sight of God to harken unto you more than unto God. judge ye." They were willing to stand for God and truth, and because of that they were placed in the arena, and with their lives they paid the forfeit of their integrity. Resolutions Adopted Following the address by Mr. Wentworth, the following resolutions were unanimously adopted by the convention: Š " Whereas, In his religious belief and practise man is amenable alone to God, andŠ "Whereas, The observance of the Sab-bath, or Lord's day, is a matter of relig-ious belief and practise, as much as is bap-tism or the Lord's supper ; therefore,Š " 1. Resolved, That it is not the province 