A GROUP OF PATRIOTS LIBERTY  67 same time see if there are any within or without the walls of our body politic who would despoil us of these blessings, our American heritage. Occasions for thus pausing are to be found in the anniver-saries which keep afresh the patriotic past, such as fourth of July, Washing-ton's and Lincoln's birthdays. Writing upon the subject of the adoption of the Declaration of Independence, July 4, 1776, John Adams wrote to his wife : " I am apt to believe that it [the day] will be celebrated by succeed-ing generations as the great anniversary festiva 1.  It ought to be commemorated as the day of deliverance, by sol-emn acts of devotion to God Almighty. It ought to be sol-emnized with pomp and pa-rade," etc. Sounding a word of warn-ing, one writer referred to the Adams letter, saying: Ñ " These words have proved prophetic. That, as a people, Americans have emphasized the lighter part of the proph-ecy in the spirit of their cele-bration is greatly to be de-plored. The day at times ap-pears rather to be an orgy than a solemn festival ; a time of noise and self-indulgence rather than of patriotic joy and thankfulness." And yet when we call to mind the history of our co-lonial and national struggle for liberty, when we consider the great work of George Washington as constructor and that of Abraham Lincoln as preserver of our national being, the fourth of July, February 22, and February 12 will mean more to us than simply an opportunity for " noise and self-indulgence." Then will true patriotism find time for study and recounting, thus making for intelli-gent Americanism. One has truthfully said, The safety of the republic lies in the vigilant and ac- tive patriotism of the American people." James Russell Lowell, minister to Great Britain, was asked by the historian Gui-zot how long the republic of the United States might reasonably be expected to endure. His reply was, " So long as the ideas of its founders continue dominant." Concerning these " ideas " Mr. Lincoln said on Washington's anniversary in Philadelphia in 1861, while en route to the capital to be inaugurated President of the United States: Ñ " It was not the mere matter of sepa-ration of the colonies from the mother-land, but that sentiment in the Declara-tion of Independence which gave liberty not to the people of the country, but, as they hoped, to all the world for all future time. It was that which gave promise that in due time the weights would be lifted from the shoulders of men, and that all should have an equal chance ; 