General Articles The Present Church Federation Movement What Does it Mean ? R. C. PORTER IN November last there met in New York City the greatest and most significant church council that ever convened in Amer-ica. One of the objects, as stated in the plan of federation, is " to bring the Chris-tian bodies of America into harmonious service for Christ and the world." An-other, " To secure a larger combined influ-ence for the churches of Christ in all matters affecting the moral and social con-dition of the people, so as to promote the application of the law of Christ in every relation of human life." It is further stated, " It has no authority to draw up a common creed, or form of government or worship, or in any way to limit the full autonomy of the Christian bodies adhering to it." All this seems proper enough, and no doubt many of those forming this federa-tion saw in it, and meant by it, no more than is here stated. Thirty-two Protestant denominations are joined together in this federation, repre-senting twenty millior1 people. They have extended a cordial invitation to the Cath-olic Church to join them in Christian fel-lowship in their work. The history of Catholicism is well known. Her principles on individual liberty and religion have been written with the blood of martyrs. Recently a Roman Catholic journal announced that the time had come " to build a Catholic America." This state-ment is very suggestive to a student famil-iar with the history of the rise of the pa-pacy. The papacy was established through the influence of church councils and peti-tions for Sunday laws. This revives the memories of the past when speaking of the reasons urged by the church for the first Sunday laws known to history. SozomeD says they were urged " that the day might be devoted, with less interruption, to the purposes of devotion." The church in Carthage in A. D. 401 petitioned that shows should be transferred to some other day .nan Sunday, because " the theater was  often vastly more frequented than the church." This law was delayed, but passed in 425 A. D. The great church federation of the fourth century was as harmless in the statement of its purpose, and as fair in assurances that the objects sought by that confedera-tion were harmless, as the church federation of to-day. One of the objects of that early church confederacy was the improvement of public morals. That confederacy, in the accomplishment of its purpose to improve public morals, established Sunday as a day of religious worship, and stopped games, theaters, races, and sports upon that day by legislative enactments. In the enforce-ment of the laws thus enacted, martyrs for Christ fell everywhere, until the earth was red with their blood. The success of the present confederacy means a repetition of the scenes following the great confeder-acy of the fourth century, unless like causes fail to produce like results. The Sunday laws of the fourth century were religious laws. Eusebius says, " All things whatsoever that it was duty to do on the Sabbath, these we have transferred to the Lord's day," meaning Sunday. This confederacy not only enforced Sunday ob-servance, but intentionally transferred all the religious rites pertaining to the Sabbath to Sunday. They did this in the very face of the law of God commanding Sabbath observance. Eusebius further declares that Constantine, in enacting Sunday laws, did it for religious purposes. His words fol-low: "He (Constantine) commanded, too, that one day should be regarded as a special occasion for religious worship." Again Eusebius says, " Who else has commanded the nations inhabiting the continents and islands of this mighty globe to assemble weekly on the Lord's day, and to observe it as a festival, not indeed for the pamper-ing of the body, but for the comfort and invigoration of the soul by instruction in divine truth ? " Thus, according to Euse-bius, a leading bishop of the early church, the object of Constantine's Sunday laws was purely religious. Duruy, in his history of Rome, says, " In determining what day should be re- garded as holy, and in the composition of a prayer for national use, Constantine exer- 