0:1 .2 30 LIBERTY final charge, that upon which his convic-tion was secured, was, in brief : " Mr. Williams, you are charged with the crime of teaching that all men are entitled to religious liberty." How much hung upon the issue be-tween this one lone, determined man, and the ecclesiastical court of few mem-bers, can we ever realize? Indeed, as Chief Justice Durfee has said : " The future of Rhode Island, to some extent the future of the world, hangs suspended upon the issue." Rather than be sent back to old Eng-land, to suffer under the oppression bound to be heaped upon him there, Williams fled,Š fled out into the wintry blasts, over the snow-covered ground, into the forests of giant trees, and at Rhode Island, finally, by the grace of God, in the year 1635, established the first free commonwealth in the New World ! " 0, call it holy ground, The Soil where first they trod; They left unstained, what there they found, Freedom to worship God." Behold the result ! Williams's doc-trines, his teachings respecting govern-ment and religion, were beyond all doubt centralized, or crystallized, if you please, into that immortal document, the Decla-ration of Independence. All honor to Roger Williams! Sunday Legislation Is Religious S. B. HORTON No one should be deluded into believ-ing that there is no religion connected with Sunday legislation. Religion is the very basis of Sunday laws. This asser-tion is verified in the attempt to answer the question, Why make criminal an act performed on Sunday when the same act performed on any other day is right and legitimate ? The answer must unques-tionably be, Because of the religious es-timate placed upon the day by Sunday observers. In a recent work by Rev. R. C. Wylie,  entitled " History of Our Sabbath Laws," this significant statement is made : Š " In more recent years there has been a marked and growing tendency to de-part from the former strictness of Sab-bath legislation. In some States there has developed a pronounced antagonism to all laws protecting the first day of the week, except such as would make it a mere holiday. A struggle is therefore in progress throughout our country be-tween the friends and foes of Sabbath laws."Š Page 3. To this may be added many statements of Sunday-law advocates, in which is frankly stated the purpose to advance the interests of religion through Sunday laws. This kind of legislation is not only foreign to the American conception of government as held by the founders of the republic, but it is unconstitutional so far as fundamental American law is concerned. That our forefathers understood and held that Sunday legislation was religious legislation is well set forth in the cele-brated Johnson Congressional Sunday Mail Reports of 1829 and 1830. In the report communicated to the United States Senate Jan. 19, 1829, the statement is made Š and became the sentiment of the Congress at that time Š that " the proper object of government is to protect all persons in the enjoyment of their relig-ious as well as civil rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall esteem one day above another, or esteem all clays alike holy. . . . Our government is a civil, and not a religious, institution." This was the verdict of that Congress on the subject of Sunday laws. On March 4, 5, 183o, Colonel Johnson, chairman of a House Committee which had under consideration a Sunday-law measure, in his report against adopting the proposed legislation, said, among other things : " Congress acts under a Constitution of delegated and limited powers. The committee look in vain to that instrument for a delegation of power authorizing this body to inquire and de- 