HIS evil spirit of persecution is indeed very far from confining itself to the ignorant and depraved. It not only nourishes those violent passions which lead to bloodshed and tyranny, it is almost equally objec-tionable for its meaner vices of treachery and fraud. It engenders dissimulation of another kind. It pays an enormous premium for hyprocrisy, and crushes out all independence and truth from the hearts of the people. Sincerity, even when it clings to an erroneous faith, is the first of virtues. But the brave, true men who would rather suffer than belie their honest convictions, are hunted down and sent to the stake, or at least are banished in disgrace from the public councils, while the knave or the coward, who is willing to profess whatever creed is safe or profitable, is rewarded for his baseness with influence, power, and place. Bigotry applies an in-fallible test to the merits of men. With unerring certainty she divides the chaff from the wheat; but the wheat she condemns to the un-quenchable fire of her hatred, while the chaff is carefully stored away in her garner. Therefore it is that, when bigotry reigns, the public service is always crowded with the worst men. Hostility against an unpopular religion is easily simulated. When you make that a virtue, the infidel and the ribald can be as virtuous as anybody. It is useless to describe any further the features of this monstrous demon. It is the Moloch of the earth, who sits on his shrine up to the ears in blood, and compels the children of men " to pass through the fire to his grim idol." It corrupts the morals, it pollutes the re-ligion, it endangers the safety of any people who permit it to gain a foothold among them. Our establishment of perfect religious liberty and equality has not only given happiness and peace to ourselves, but it has revolutionized the sentiments of the Christian world. We have led the grandest reform that has ever been since the days of the apostles. . . . She [America] stands pledged to this principle in the face of the world; she has solemnly devoted herself to its championship; she has de-liberately promised it Š not only to her own people, but to all others who would fly to her for protection Š and, if she breaks her faith, it will be such perfidy as never blackened the brow of any power before.Š Hon. Thomas C. McRae, of Arkansas, in the House of Representatives, April 2, 1896, the question under consideration being a government appropriation for a sectarian purpose. 11 i I  America's Greatest Menace 1 As a Congressman Sees It 