10 LIBERTY America, where the real Roman Catholic theory of church and state is not yet per-mitted to be put into practise, must not deceive those who know Roman Catholi-cism as it is in those countries where the Roman Catholic Church is in control. In such countries religious liberty is summed up in the liberty to believe and practise Roman Catholic doctrines. Treason THIS is a hard word. A traitor to his country is despised in every land, and an ignominious death is the usual punish-ment. The Constitution of the United States thus defines treason, and confers upon Congress the power to deal with it : Š Treason against the United States shall consist only in levying war against them or in adhering to their enemies, giv-ing them aid and comfort. No person shall be convicted of treason unless on the testimony of two witnesses to the same overt act, or on confession in open court. The Congress shall have power to de-clare the punishment of treason, but no attainder of treason shall work corrup-tion of blood or forfeiture, except during the life of the person attainted. It is evident from this language that treason is regarded as one of the worst of crimes, to. be visited with the most severe punishment. In view of the Constitutional defini-tion of treason, and the nature of the punishment therefor, it seems almost in-credible that in this time of boasted free-dom, any one should seriously attempt to fasten a charge of treason upon those who do not observe Thanksgiving day in harmony with the recommendation of the president. We find, however, a pro-fessed minister of the gospel doing this very thing. From his article, published in the current number of the Homiletic Review, we take this extract : Š There is a peculiar solefnnity attached  to Thanksgiving day because it forms the one link between the state and the church ; it is the national recognition of the fact that this is not a godless nation. If we do away with the religious exercises on Thanksgiving day, if the president ceases to call upon the people to gather in their different houses of worship to re-turn thanks to God, then we lose the one and only bond of union between the church and the state ; we are, as a na-tion, without any God. This is a most important truth, and it increases ten-fold the significance of our national holy day. It makes one shudder to think how Christian people are deliberately under-mining the sacred character of this re-ligious festival, how those who should be the most eager to emphasize the value and need of such a day of national rec-ognition and worship of Almighty God are, through carelessness or selfish in-dulgence, turning this holy day into a pagan holiday. I feel that in view of the danger, no words of condemnation are too strong; because it is not only a matter of dis-loyalty to the commands of the church, it is disloyalty to the commands of the state ; it is really a blow to our national welfare, and in its essence an act of treason. . . . I believe that disobedience to such a command as is contained in the Thanksgiving proclamation is as much an act of disloyalty as any blow struck against the Union. Can this man seriously mean what he says? We judge so. There is no fur-ther word of explanation of these re-markable statements, and there is no apology on the part of the publisher for printing them. They are evidently in-tended to be taken seriously. The dec-larations here made are worthy of being noted carefully : Š i. Thanksgiving day is " the one and only bond of union between the church and the state." 2. Thanksgiving day should be treated in a manner suited to the " sacred char-acter of this religious festival." 3. Some are " turtling this holy day into a pagan holiday." 