80 LIBERTY Protestant clergymen. There is hardly a State legislature which has not had two or three of these Sunday bills intro-duced this session. In California, where they have no Sunday law at all, a Sun-day law constitutional amendment was referred to the people for acceptance or rejection. The people of California ex-pressed their opposition to this kind of medieval church legislation by casting  457,890 votes against the amendment. The measure went down in defeat with a majority of 167,211 votes against it. Reports have come in from Oklahoma, Missouri, North Carolina, Oregon, Texas, Indiana, Ohio, California, Utah, and Colorado, stating that Sunday bills have been defeated before these legisla-tures. " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." C. S. L. Photo by Underwood & Underwood, New York THE MISSION OF MERCY AMONG THE CONTENDING NATIONS American hospital and American ambulances at Neuilly, France. The Inalienable Rights of Man THERE are human rights which no king or government can lawfully dissi-pate or successfully deny. God has en-dowed all men with certain inalienable rights. No king, emperor, president, or prince bestows these rights ; they are the gifts of God to all mankind alike. Des-potism may invade these rights, but jus-tice still maintains them. The United States Government has the power, if it had the disposition, to deprive its citi-zens of even those rights specifically mentioned in the Declaration of Inde-pendence,Š the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Yet the fact  that the government has the power, if it should wish to be despotic in its dispo-sition, to deprive its citizens of those rights, does not prove that it is justified in doing so. Governments were ordained to protect the natural rights of all men and not to deprive any man of his rights. It is not true, as it is often asserted, that all men have to give up and surrender some of their natural rights when they enter the social compact. No government has a right to ask any man to surrender any rights which are his own by nature, without his consent or without offering 