LIBERTY 167 to be without foundation in the words of Christ. But even should it be granted that Christ did invest Peter with authority over the church and the world, whence comes the authority claimed and exer-cised by popes and prelates of the Cath-olic Church throughout her history? In answer to this question we are told that the popes derived their authority from Peter. We are asked to believe that at the election of a pope, and by virtue of that election, all the authority which it is claimed that Peter was invested with, passed to the individual chosen to fill the pontifical office. How this could be Š by what law hu-man or divine Š we are not told. Christ himself said nothing about the successors of Peter. If the authority claimed for Peter rests upon the language of Christ, then by the same evidence there is no authority for any claiming to be Peter's successors, for Christ said nothing about them. It is simply assumed that those assuming to be Peter's successors in the church, received by virtue of their elec-tion to office all the tremendous authority claimed to have been given to Peter,Šauthority over the church, over princes and kings, and over all people of the world. Here again the basis of fact, truth, and logic upon which this inordi-nate claim is made to rest, shrinks to the vanishing point. First, it is assumed that Peter was invested with authority to be the father of princes. and of kings, and to be the governor of the world. We say assumed, because the words of Christ to Peter do not assert any such thing, and Peter himself neither claimed nor exercised such authority. Next, it is assumed that the Roman pontiffs are the successors of Peter (though their lives are entirely dis-similar from his) ; and lastly, it is further assumed that the election of an individual to the pontifical office causes him to be invested with power and authority such as only heaven can bestow. Assumption is piled upon assumption, with no solid  basis whatever of either fact or Scrip-ture. And upon this basis, which as regards demonstrated truth is too small to be visible, is upreared a system which as-sumes authority over kings and princes, authority to govern the world, and which did for centuries so dominate the people of Europe that they lived in a state of constant terror, not daring to claim even a small degree of civil and religious free-dom, and not knowing at what hour the terrible hand of the Inquisition might lay hold of them and consign them without trial to the dungeon and the chamber of torture. Such is the system known as the Pa-pacy : an inverted pyramid,Š a mere point at its base, so far as truth is con-cerned, a mountain of assumption at its top,Š a monument to human credulity, and a towering menace to human welfare. !V !V tV MADISON COUNTY, Illinois, is one of the wettest counties in the State, and yet it is honeycombed with blind pigs. The county is being cheated out of over $40,-000 license money each year by the blind-pig methods under wet rule, yet the liq-uor element claims that prohibition breeds blind pigs. Experience proves that blind pigs thrive best in high license districts as they escape the excessive taxation in-cident to high license. A blind pig has no better chance for its existence when the law is against it than has the saloon ; in fact, it would be easier to detect the blind pig under prohibition law than un-der license law ; because, when liquor is sold under prohibition, one at once knows that a blind pig is doing the business ; whereas, under license, one cannot tell whether the liquor is obtained from the licensed saloon or from the blind pig. Thus the argument of the wets that pro-hibition breeds blind pigs is fallacious. !V !V !V CHRIST was murdered by the Jews be- cause he sought to set the body, mind, and soul free. 