LIBERTY 37 which would demand the repeal of the contested clause? Such a clause being enacted by a body of lawmakers, the same body would have the authority to eliminate it at will. And being of a re-ligious nature, prejudice easily could suggest its rejection, to the detriment of a class of loyal citizens. It were far better to leave well enough alone. If the rights of the laboring class to one day in seven for rest is all that is sought, why not be satisfied with the statutes already designed to guard these rights? An act approved Feb. 27, 1893, as recorded in Statutes of 1893, page 54, of the State of California, provides that every person employed in any occupa-tion of labor shall be entitled to one day's rest in seven, and it shall be unlawful for any employer of labor to cause his employees, or any of them, to work more than six days in seven ; provided, how-ever, that the provisions of this section shall not apply to any case of emer-gency." This is as nearly a civil rest-day enact-ment as could be framed, and should sat-isfy those who desire only civil legisla-tion securing to the people the right to one day's rest in seven. But it does not meet the demands of those who are be-hind the Sunday-law movement. They not only want a day of rest for all each week, but a definitely named day of each week,Š the day they have set apart for religious services. But to go so far is to graft a religious sentiment onto civil legislation, and so unite, to that degree, religion and the state. All honor to California for having so long resisted advances in this direction. How the Sunday-law element will frame their bill for the coming session of the legislature we are not yet informed. They know well that a common statute Sunday law has been pronounced uncon-stitutional in California. To reach the required two-thirds majority of votes to carry a constitutional amendment, can hardly be realized at this stage. Whether this will be attempted or not, none but those in the secret know. A Significant Demonstration W. W. PRESCOTT THE return of Cardinal Gibbons to Baltimore last month after an extended visit in Europe, which included a con-siderable stay in Rome, was made the occasion of an imposing demonstration. The mayor of Baltimore, the governor of Maryland, and Hon. Charles J. Bona-parte, attorney-general in President Roosevelt's cabinet, who is a. prominent layman in the Roman Catholic Church, delivered addresses of welcome. A great parade, headed by carriages containing the governor and his staff, the mayor and members of the city council, an ex-gov-ernor, the attorney-general, the State's attorney, and a member of Congress, marched through the streets, some of which had been handsomely decorated. This procession was reviewed by Cardi-nal Gibbons, who, arrayed in his pon-tifical robes and surrounded by officials of both the church and the state, sat in a chair on the cathedral steps for this pur-pose. At the close of the parade, there was a service in the cathedral which was at-tended by all the dignitaries present. - the close of the service the carlirl said:Š "I thank you again, and, with toAr wishes of the White Shepherd of tie Vatican, I will now impart to you the blessing of the holy father. His blessing he is eager to extend to you, whether of the Catholic Church or out of it, and its spirit extends to all." The cardinal then stood on his throne and gave the blessing of the pope. It is the privilege of any State or city to pay honor to a distinguished citizen, and such action furnishes no ground for criticism. It is only when we analyze this demonstration in honor of Cardinal Gibbons in the light of the teachings and of the purpose of the Roman Catholic Church, that it assumes any. special sig-nificance. From the reports of the occasion it is clear that Cardinal Gibbons received the 