Resolutions Adopted in Faneuil Hall, " The Cradle of Liberty," Jan. 31, 1907 HE following resolutions were adopted at a meeting held in Faneuil Hall, Boston, Mass., under the auspices of the Relig-ious Liberty Bureau, Thursday, Jan. 31, 1907: Š Whereas, In his religious belief and practise man is ame-nable alone to God, and Š Whereas, The observance of the Sabbath, or Lord's day, is a matter of religious belief and practise, as much as is baptism or the Lord's supper; therefore,Š x. Resolved, That it is not the province of the state to determine which day is the Sabbath or how it should be observed, and that we are therefore opposed to all Sunday legislation. 2. Resolved, That we further protest against Sunday laws,Š (a) Because they are a menace to the welfare of both the church and the state. (b) Because they produce hypocrites, by compelling people outwardly to appear to be religious when they are not. (c) Because they infringe upon the rights of conscience in that they enter the realm of religion, which is the realm of conscience. (d) Because they are a species of class legislation, in that they favor one class of religionists at the expense of others. (e) Because they are a favorite tool of inquisitors. They encourage one class of citizens to spy upon the liberties of another class who do not believe in observing the day they do. (f) Because they compel upright and honest Christian people to appear before the courts as criminals, for exercising their right to work six days and rest on the seventh. (g) Because they produce immorality, by making idleness compulsory. (h) Because they violate the golden rule, which says, " Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." Those who observe Sunday would not wish to be compelled by law to observe another day which they do not regard as holy. Whereas, The New England Sabbath Protective League and its allies are vig-orously seeking to mold public sentiment in favor of Sunday legislation and the revival of the antiquated blue-laws of colonial days in the city of Boston and other places throughout New England, and,Š Whereas, This association is bringing influence and pressure to bear upon State legislators at every session to secure more rigid Sunday laws, and,Š Whereas, This movement is contrary to the principles enunciated by Jesus Christ, the great Author of all liberty, who said, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's," and is diametrically opposed to the fundamental principles upon which the American government was founded, as expressed in the First Amendment to the Constitu-tion: " Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof;" therefore,- 3. Resolved, That we, the citizens of Boston, here assembled in Faneuil Hall, the " cradle of liberty," do hereby emphatically protest against this usurpation of power as represented in these efforts to secure and enforce Sunday legislation or to revive the old blue-laws; and do solemnly affirm our allegiance to the Christian principles of civil and religious liberty. . 4. And we do further resolve to use our influence and our energies to pro-mulgate these principles. 