STATUE OF EMPEROR ALEXANDER II, OF RUSSIA, IN HELSINGFORS, FINLAND LIBERTY 37 river, immersed up to the waist,Š which was the Cossacks' idea of baptism,Š and after this they were conducted through files of soldiers to the parish church, where their names were entered as ' pe- titioners to be received ink the Ortho-dox faith.' As they were sent home again, they all cried, ' You can call us Or-thodox, but we cling to the faith of our fathers.' " It would seem that after centuries of ineffectual effort to smother non-conformity, some recognition a n d liberty would have been given them by those in author-ity. They were not few in num-ber. The report of the procurator of the Holy Synod estimates the mem-bership of dissent-ers for the years 1894 and 1895 to be 13,000,000. The Orthodox Church has a membership o f 87,000,000. The Czar's Manifesto However, t h e day at last began to dawn. In 1903 a manifesto was issued by the pres-ent czar on relig-ious toleration. It was to secure, in matters of religion, " strict observance, by the authorities, of the mandates of tolerance inscribed in the fundamental laws of the Rus-sian empire, which, devoutly respect-ing the Orthodox Church as supreme and dominant, grant to all our subjects of heterodox and non-Christian denomina-tions the freedom of observing their faith and worshiping in accordance with the rites thereof." But, after all, this manifesto is merely a reiteration of the manifestoes given by  Peter the Great and others of his suc-cessors. Ł The manifesto of 1903 was followed by another on Easter, 1905, which gave the long-desired freedom to leave the Orthodox Church. Thousands are said to have outwardly severed their connec-tion with this body immediately upon the publication of the edict. It says in part : Š " We ordain that the falling away from the Orthodox faith to a n y Christian confessions of faith shall not give ground for any per-secution, and shall not work disastrous consequences to the personal o r civil rights of such a per-son." In October, 1904. followed still a n -other imperial ukase, granting full religious freedom to t h e old believers. According to this law Š " any dissident sect numbering fifty per-sons, whose aims are not immoral, or having tenets such as refusal to do mili-tary service, can ap- ply for and receive permission to organ- ize churches, con- duct services, build schools, and elect clergy who shall be exempt from military service and be entitled to wear vestments and perform baptism, marriage, and other sacraments." These manifestoes, or decrees, have not yet been enacted into laws with provi- sions for their execution. The old laws have not been repealed, and there are no new laws and regulations for the new conditions created. This has led to con-fusion on the part of local officials. In November, 1906, a decree was sent 