78 LIBERTY race, creed, or religion to either hatred, contempt, ridicule, or obloquy." Such a measure would proscribe all criticism or unfavorable statements concerning any race or religion. Legitimate discussion would eventually fall under the ban. If such a law existed today, the newspapers would be forced to refrain from unfavor-able mention of the Germans, the Eng- HON. JOSEPH W. FOLK " The evils arising from the abuses of freedom of speech, the stage, and the press are bad enough, to be sure, but not so bad as tyranny. The power of cen-sorship may be abused as well as freedom, and when that is abused there is tyranny. An aroused public conscience and an educated public opinion must cor-rect these evils. There is little danger from error when public opinion is enlightened and reason is free. . . . The right of free speech does not mean only the right to say pleasant things, but the right to say things displeasing to the powers that be."Š Hon. Joseph W. Folk, in "Saturday Evening Post," Feb. 12, 1910. lish, the Mexicans, the Japanese, or any other nation, irrespective of what they did. It would be necessary for Congress to define religion, pass upon creeds and various other matters, all of which would be contrary to the Constitution. The second bill, H. R. 4648, aims at practically the same thing Š keeping out of the mails publications that attack a cer-tain religion. Ostensibly it is directed at " obscene or immoral books, pamphlets, pictures, prints, engravings, lithographs, photographs, or other publications, mat- ter, or thing of indecent, immoral, or scurrilous character." Confessions of its sponsors prove that it is only the thin edge of the wedge to debar publications from the mails that are objectionable to the Catholic Church. Clothing itself with what seems to be a laudable purpose, it will be revealed in its real character only when it has the power of the government behind it. When this bill was first proposed, its promoter claimed that it was directed especially at " filthy " literature. Vari- ous Catholic periodicals since then have repeated the expression, until it is now a favorite word designating all anti-Cath-olic publications. An illuminating com-ment on the Catholic meaning of " filthy " is given by B. 0. Flower in " The Pa-triot's Manual," p. 159: Š " One is constantly encountering the word ' filth' or ' filthy,' when Catholics are attack-ing anti-Catholic publications, and knowing that the Catholics are accustomed'to draw from the Popes for condemnatory expressions, we looked through some of the papal declarations to find out if possible what the word ' filth ' meant when pronounced in infallible and irre-formable ex-cathedra utterances, and we found Pope Innocent III saying, at the time of the Fourth Ecumenical Lateran Council, that 'if a secular ruler, after due warning by the church, neglects to purge his territory from the filth of heresy, let him be excommunicated by the metropolitan archbishop and the bishops of the province.' [See Labbe and Cossart's " History of the Councils," Tom. XI, par. i. col. 148.] Here we see what ' filth' means to the Catholic mind, as uttered by the infallible head of the church." Congressional Action Not Constitutional Both these bills are out of place. Con-gress has no Constitutional power to en-act laws to settle religious controversies or to hinder a discussion of them. It is beyond the Constitutional powers of Congress to abridge in any degree the freedom of the press. Once and for all the First Amendment to the Constitution has taken the whole matter from the jurisdiction of Congress. Unless the Constitution is amended, Congress can pass no law creating a press censorship. Congress would be obliged to define what is immoral, obscene, and scurrilous. 