PETITION TO CONGRESS To the Honorable, the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States:Š Believing (1) In freedom of speech and of the press; (2) That Congress is prohibited by the First Amendment to the Constitution from enacting any 13, looking toward the abridgment of the freedom of the press; (3) That an abuse of its frcedom should be subjected to jury trial before our courts; (4) That a censorship of one man is opposed to the best interests of the American Republic; and (5) That the first step to centralize absolute power in one man is pregnant with evil consequences, and should be vigorously opposed by every lover of liberty; therefore,Š We, the undersigned, adult residents of  State of  earnestly petition your Honorable Body not to pass the Bill (II. R. 13778) entitled, "A Bill Authorizing the.  Postmaster-General to exclude from the mails certain publications," or any other like measures that have been or shall be introduced. NAMES ADDRESSES For full text of this bill look on the other side of this r..tition. Attach a blank sheet of paper for additional names. (Over) PETITION TO CONGRESS To ill,: Honorable, the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States:Š Believing (1) In the American principle of a complete separation of church and state; (2) That Congress is prohibited by the First Amendment to the Constitution from enacting any law enforcing " the proper observance " of any religious institution, or looking toward a union of church and state, or of religion and civil government; (3) That the " observance " of a religious institution is a form of worship, and that all " labor and worldly business " can only be forbidden for religious reasons; (4) That all such legUation is opposed to the best interests of both church and state; and (5) That all such legislation by Congress is dangerous, and should be opposed by every lover of liberty of conscience and the voluntary exercise of religion; therefore,Š We, the undersigned, adult residents of  State of  earnestly petition your Honorable Body not to pass the Compulsory Sunday Observance Bill (S. 5677) en-titled, " A Bill for the proper observance of Sunday as a day of rest in the District of Columbia," or any other compulsory religious measures that have been or shall be introduced. NAMES ADDRESSES For full text of this bill look on the other side of this petition. Attzch a blank sheet of paper for additional names. (Over) 