40 LIBERTY floats aimlessly. It feels the pangs of hunger and wants a mouth; bara grips the stuff out of which the wish is woven and appends a pucker on the forward end; the pangs of hunger are intensified, and the smaller pucker is taken off and a larger pucker is put on ; and so pucker after pucker is taken away and larger ones put on until at last a mouth suffi-ciently large is put on so that a Jonah was taken in by it Š and others. But at no point was an absolute creation neces-sary according to natural selection, to produce it. " Then, you ask, if it be true that God interposed, where do these learned doc-tors stand ? They don't stand anywhere : this rules them all out." One of the strangest anomalies of the evolutionistic situation is that ministers of the gospel, whose Book of truth evolu-tion squarely contradicts, still continue to exploit the evolutionary hypotheses when eminent scientists are giving them up, or admitting the hypotheses unproved. C. M. S. A Scientific Soul HE is a " scientist." His name is Fournier d'Albe, and he is secretary of the Dublin Society of Psychical Re-search. He says that the soul is " an aggregation of psychomores inhabiting the cells of the human body." That is, the soul is made up of soul-particles, for that is what psychomore means. If it is physical, as he says, of course it is made up of parts. He goes on to say that it probably weighs about one-thousandth part of the weight of the human body. He ought to leave no probability about that. Take the case of a small man who weighs a hundred pounds ; his soul would weigh one and six-tenths ounces. That can be tested by weighing a man before and after death, say by electro-cution, and seeing if he has lost that much weight in dying. He should try it on men, but first on dogs, for dogs have some sort of a soul, something that thinks. The whole thing is not worthy  to be called a theory or even an hypoth-esis; it is a bare bit of imagination, guesswork, and nonsense. After death, he tells us, the psychomores unite and form a soul-body, which resides in the air-space above the earth Š say two hundred miles, a space which is thickly peopled with souls; and after thirty thousand years the souls are trans-formed and move into interplanetary space, ending in a final cosmic union of all souls of all ages. The reporter tells us that Mr. D'Albe is no obscure dreamer, but a genuinely scientific man. This is no dreaming; it is insanity. Dreams have more sense.Š Selected. The Reliability of the Book " BUT abide thou in the things which thou hast learned and hast been assured of, knowing of whom thou hast learned them; and that from a babe thou hast known the sacred writings which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus. Every scripture inspired of God is also profit-able for teaching, for reproof, for correc-tion, for instruction which is in right-eousness : that the man of God may be complete, furnished completely unto every good work." 2 Tim. 3: 14-17. These words give what Inspiration has to say with reference to the creditability of those writings which we call the Bible. There is not the slightest hint of unre-liability, but an absolute assurance of their entire creditability and authority, and effectiveness when applied to the life. Those books which Timothy studied were the sacred writings, namely, the Old Tes-tament, and this Old Testament had made him " wise unto salvation." So Paul says that every scripture inspired of God will do this. If the Old Testament, the Sacred Wri-tings, that is, the Scriptures then in exist-ence, which had been inspired of God, could do this for Timothy and others in his day, they will certainly do the same for those who follow them as he did. L. A. REED. 