DON PAOLO MIRAGLIA-GULLOTTI 32 LIBERTY " Love, Labor, and Harmony 1 ; therein he besought the Pope to bring about a much-needed reform both in the form of worship and in the training and life of the priesthood. Though Don Paolo Mi-raglia received a letter of thanks from Cardinal Rampolla, his appeal for a re-form put him under a bad light at head-quarters. When he went to Rome, he was plainly told that he was regarded there as a freethinker. Don Paolo returned to Sicily much disgusted and disap-pointed, but, fear-less, he persevered in his preaching. He was engaged to preach the Lent sermons of 1894 at Regalbuto, in Sic-ily, but after the same the bishop of the place forbade him to continue. Strange to say, at the request of the Mother Superior, he was able to con-tinue his preaching in the church of an Augustine c o n -vent." It should be noted that these courageous nuns belonged to the or-der 'of which Mar-tin Luther was .a member. Early in 1895 Miraglia was called to Rome by his friend and fellow countryman, Mon- signor Carini, prefect of the Vatican library, to assist him in editing a new periodical, the Revista delle Scienze Ecclesiastiche. Reference to an article in the National Review magazine (Ed- ward Arnold, publisher, 37 Bedford St., Strand, London) for September, 1899, by Miss A. P. Irby, shows that " Carini was known to be an opponent of the operations of the Jesuits, and an advo-cate of reconciliation between church and state." Continuing, the writer says: " Soon after the arrival of Miraglia oc-curred the sudden death of Carini, while attending a service at St. Peter's. Carini had spoken with Miraglia of the enmities and dangers which surrounded him. Common report attributed his death to an ancient practise of Rome. . . . His papers were immediately confiscated by the Vatican, and a few copies of the program of the Revista were all that Miraglia could contrive to save for the relatives of his friend. As a fellow coun-tryman of the de-ceased, it was ar-ranged that he should preach the sermon at the sol-emn service for the dead." Rebotier, D o n Miraglia's biog-rapher, thus graph-ically outlines this case : " Instantly, a notice appeared in the Tribuna from the Cardinal Vicar Parocchi for-bidding him to do so. Nothing daunted, with the funeral oration in his hand, he has-tened to the car-dinal and requested him to read it and Ł to point out what-ever was heretical, promising to it, but adding that preach it he should and would. The cardinal evaded direct 'replies, and sought to turn the conversation. At length, in order to bring the interview to an end, he drew Miraglia toward the door, touched him in friendly fashion, and asked, with apparent un- concern, How will you say Carini died ? ' Drawing his tall figure to its full height, and looking him straight in the face, Miraglia replied, with a steady gaze, ' I will not say that he was poisoned,' and left the apartment." As erase 