LIBERTY  23 Seventh-day Adventist people." " You may read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation, and you will not find a single line author-izing the sanctification of Sunday." What God Says About It Thus it is freely declared that there is no instruction in the Bible to keep Sunday as the Sabbath. God, who knows, declares that " the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Do you take him as "thy God "? Take his Sabbath also. Jesus said that the Sabbath was " made for man." Mark 2: 27. It was not made for the Jew, but for man, for the human race. In all the New Testament the Holy Spirit calls that day which Jesus kept " the Sab-bath." The very word " Sabbath " means " rest." Therefore the Holy Spirit declares over fifty times in the New Testament that that day is the rest day. Men may choose to rest on another day, but that can not make any other day God's rest day. You can not change your birth-day by celebrating some other day as a birthday. It is a fact, that can never be changed, that you were born on a given day of the month. Just so it is a fact of divine history that God rested on a given day of the week, and on no other. That made the seventh day his rest day. It is different from other days in character also, for he blessed it, and made it holy. When men deny this difference they practically say that when God blesses and makes holy, it is a vain performance. He also sanctified the day, and to sanctify means to set apart. God has set apart, and asks men to so treat it, as a day apart from others. The Human Versus the Divtne When men choose to set apart another day, it does not alter the fact that it is an-other day. It is only setting up human au-thority against divine authority. It is put-ting the humanly appointed time against divinely appointed time. It is exalting man's sabbath against God's Sabbath. It is man exalting himself " above all that is called God or that is worshiped." 2 Thess. 2:4. This is'what made the Roman papacy. Paul said that in his day the spirit of the " law-less one " was already working. He said it would lead to a " falling away " from the truth. 2 Thess. 2:3. Dr. Killen, Presby-terian Church historian, says in his "An-cient Church ":Ñ " In the interval between the days of the apostles and the conversion of Constantine, the Christian commonwealth changed its as-pect. . . . Rites and ceremonies, of which neither Paul nor Peter ever heard, crept silently into use, and then claimed the rank of divine institutions." Thus Sunday came in, first as a humanly appointed festival, then as a rival of God's Sabbath. Then the worldly church, having fully adopted the " venerable day of the sun," as the Sunday law of Constantine called it, assumed to set aside the Lord's Sabbath. Thus from the first Sunday law of Con-stantine, Sunday legislation has been in op-position to God's authority and God's Sab-bath. Thus the gravest conceivable issue is raised by the present-day revival of agi-tation for the enforcement of Sunday ob-servance by civil law. Such a movement is in fact an effort to force men 'to reject the example of Christ as a Sabbath-keeper, and to reject the authority of God as the divine law-giver. It exalts the authority of man and of an ecclesiastical organization as above the authority of God. The Roman Church has always claimed the Sunday in-stitution as a mark of her authority. Car-dinal gibbons, through his chancellor, de-clares regarding the change in the day of rest from the seventh to the first day : Ñ " Of course the Catholic Church claims that the change was her act. It could not have been otherwise, as none in those days would have dreamed of doing anything in matters spiritual and ecclesiastical and re-ligious without her. And the act is a mark of her ecclesiastical power." Divine prophecy foretold this issue. An ecclesiastical power was to arise and think to change the times and the laws of the Most High. Dan. 7: 25. The Sunday institution stands as the mark of this eccle-siastical opposition to the authority of God's law and word. And divine prophecy de-clares that the final gospel message, in these latter days, is a warning against acknowl-edging the authority of men to change God's law and against the receiving of this mark of human exaltation against God. God calls for a reform in these days that shall bring Christians back to the example of Christ in this matter, and lead them to stand for " the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus." Rev. 14:6-12. 