Using the State to Glorify the Church The Columbus Unveiling a Catholic Church Celebration Whose Expenses Were Met by the General Government ON the eighth of June there was un-veiled in the capital of the nation a magnificent monument to the memory of the famous Genoese who opened the way for the discovery of America Š Christo-pher Columbus. Though this navigator never set foot upon the soil of North America, it is unquestionable that to his genius and persistence the discovery of the western hemisphere was due. It is a matter of record that Columbus had with him on this voyage neither bishop, priest, nor acolyte. In fact, practically the whole Catholic world, save one lone woman,Š and the whole known world was Catholic then,Šscouted his " foolish notions " and ridi-culed his impossible proposition. He was as much out of harmony with the belief and the purposes of the Catholic Church of that day as was Galileo when he declared that the earth revolved around the sun. One woman, Queen Isabella of Spain, had faith in Colum-bus's ideas and his purpose ; and through her influence and her financial help the voyage was made possible, in spite of the fact that the whole Catholic world, with that exception, denounced the " no-tion " and refused to aid the project. In Ridpath's " History of the World," Vol. V, page 162, the condition of those times is tersely told. We read : Š The spread of such an idea [of the sphericity of the earth] . . . was first among the radicals and disturbers of that torpid society which, in conjunction with a still more torpid church, held pos-session of Europe in the fourteenth cen-tury. [Italics ours.] From the same work,- page 166, we glean this interesting bit of informa- tion : Š At last he [Columbus] was introduced to the king [Ferdinand, the Catholic  king of Spain], who heard him with in-difference, and then turned him over to a council of ecclesiastics. This body, in-stead of considering the scientific possi-bility of the thing, brought out the Scriptures to show the impiety of the project, and declared that it was not be-coming in great princes to engage in such a work. [Italics ours.] It is thus demonstrated that what the world owes to the Catholic Church for the discovery of the New World, is ac-tually less than nothing; for the influ-ence of that church was against the'un-dertaking. However, now that the New World has been discovered in spite of the op-position of the Roman Church, that church is seeking to take to itself the entire credit for the discovery of Amer-ica and for all that has come with that discovery. In line with this policy, Cath-olic influence was exerted in Congress to secure an appropriation from the na-tional treasury for the erection of a mon-ument to Columbus in the nation's cap-ital, with the intention of making its unveiling a great Catholic victory, and the monument itself a Catholic memo-rial,  and all at the expense of the gen-eral government, using the funds of the state to advance the interests of the church, and to that extent uniting church and state. Plain evidence of this is found in the fact that an official of the Catholic organization known as the Knights of Columbus, was placed on the committee which was to arrange for the construction and location of the monu-ment, and the ceremonies of the unveil- ing were entirely in the hands of that organization. A Catholic priest from the Catholic University of Washington delivered the invocation; a Catholic judge, Victor J. Dowling of the supreme 119 