LIBERTY 115 ruling of the Post-office Department ; and if, in his discretion, he should de-cide to close certain offices on Sundays, we should raise no objection. If Con-gress decides this matter by legal enact-ment, it commits that body to a kind of legislation which it has thus far studi-ously avoided. 2. The proposed legislation is a vio-lation of the precedent established by Congress nearly one hundred years ago, and which it has uniformly maintained since that time. In response to petitions presented to Congress in 1829-3o, requesting that the transportation of mails on Sunday be dis-continued, adverse reports from the Com-mittees on Post-offices and Post-roads were adopted in both branches of Con-gress, in which principles were laid down covering the present case. The reports will be found in full in " American State Papers," pages 233-268. I quote one statement only : Š " If the principle is once established that religion, or religious observances, shall be interwoven with our legisla-tive acts, we must pursue it to its ulti-matum. We shall, if consistent, provide for the erection of edifices for worship of the Creator, and for the support of Christian ministers, if we believe such measures will promote the interests of Christianity." While the proviso in question does not deal directly with religion or relig-ious worship, yet, in the last analysis, it rests upon the idea that Sunday is a day to be religiously observed. 3. If this proviso becomes a law, it constitutes in effect a legislative decision of a religious controversy. At first thought, this statement might not seem to be warranted, and I will, therefore, give some reasons for taking such ground : Š a. This proviso, although it does not directly refer to the religious char-acter of the day, does yet make a distinc-tion between Sunday and other days, and will be used as a precedent for securing more direct legislation to require the ob-servance of Sunday. b. A careful study of all the pro-posed legislation relating to Sunday will reveal the fact that it is prompted by re-ligious sentiment, and therefore all such legislation comes under the head of re-ligious legislation. c. This proviso is a step in the di-rection of supporting a religious dogma by governmental influence. The legiti-mate object of civil government is to pro- tect all citizens in their right to worship or not to worship, provided in so doing they do not interfere with the equal rights of others; but the influence of govern-ment should not be exercised in favor of any religion. Especially should Congress avoid any action which may be inter-preted as favoring either side of a relig-ious controversy, such as there is now over the question as to which day is the Sabbath. d. If Congress may properly enact a law which even indirectly establishes any particular day as a day of rest, it may with equal propriety take action which would determine other religious questions, such as the ordinance of bap-tism, the most desirable forms of wor-ship, etc. . . . Allow me to suggest further, that if the real purpose of this proposed legis-lation is to secure to post-office employees one day's rest in seven for physical rea-sons only, this object could be attained by a proviso which would forbid the Post-office Department to require of any em-ployee more than six consecutive days' service without allowing twenty-four hours' rest. In such a proviso no men-tion would be made of Sunday, and it could not be interpreted as favoring the religious observance of any day. We are, however, of the opinion that it would be preferable to leave this whole question to the discretion of the Post-office De-partment. Nearly one hundred years ago, the Congress of the United States was pe-titioned to pass legislation prohibiting the transportation of the mails on Sun-day, and in an exhaustive report, pre- pared by Col. Richard M. Johnson, of Kentucky, convincing reasons were given why Congress should not enact any such legislation. The report was adopted, and during all these years Congress has re-frained from legislating upon this sub-ject. The adoption of the amendment proposed by Mr. Mann, would be a de-parture from the wise precedent estab- 