LIBERTY 57 Healthful Work Wholesome Recreation born again and have experienced the sanctifying power of God upon the heart and life, can keep the Sab-bath day holy,Š not in idleness, but in sanctified activity. For those who do not voluntarily devote the day to religion, better a weekly day of clean amusements, such as outings in the country, golf, tennis, croquet, rowing, motoring, riding, or volun-tary employment on the lawn, in the garden, or otherwise, than enforced idleness, which is always demoraliz-ing. The Sabbath day was to be a sign to distinguish between God's people and the people of the world. " I gave them my sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them." Eze. 20: 12. For all time the Sabbath day is to be that by which God's people are to be known. They will keep the day, not as did the Jews, as a day of physical rest merely, but they will keep it as Jesus kept it, as a day upon which the needy are to be searched out and ministered unto, the sick healed, and the Word of God dispensed. Thus kept, the day will prove a blessing not only to those who keep it, but to the world. It is in blessing others that God blesses people. In this way the Sabbath day becomes a blessing to all. The commandment reads, "six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work." The seventh day God has reserved for himself and his work. Six days are given on which we may labor to do our own work. The seventh day is to be exclusively given to doing God's work. Through the observance of the Sabbath God desires to preserve among men a knowledge of himself. The day should not be kept merely as a legal matter. By keeping it as he kept it, we are to make manifest that we have forsaken Egypt with its pleasures and follies, and that we are living to show forth the virtues of our Re-Ogemer, by going about doing good. So long as the children of Israel were true to God, the ark was a blessing and a protection to them. When they sinned and forsook him,  they still shouted for the ark, but the ark proved to be a curse instead of a blessing. So it was with the serpent of brass. As many as looked upon it, and repented of their sins, lived. Later it became an object of worship Š and a curse. The Sabbath day is a blessing only to those who serve God. There is danger today of worshiping a day, and depending upon it to bring deliverance from the calamities and ills due to sin, instead of turning away from sin by repentance, and worshiping God, and then keeping the Sabbath as the sign of his power to sanctify. True Sabbath rest is found in labor. Come unto me," said Jesus, " all ye that labor, . . . and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls." Matt. 11: 28, 29. Paul said: " We which have believed do enter into rest. . . . For he spake in a certain place of the seventh day on this wise, And God did rest the sev-enth day from all his works. And in this place again, If they shall enter into my rest. Seeing therefore it re-maineth that some must enter therein, and they to whom it was first preached entered not in because of unbelief. . . . Let us labor therefore," he exhorts, " to enter into that rest, lest any man fall after the same example of unbelief." his 