Human sympathy is so sweet that this Chris-tian martyr, with the breath of the wild beasts in her face, into whose den she has been cast, turns her eyes upward to thank by a look the stranger who has just dropped a full-blown rose at her feet. LIBERTY 155 perance principles are known the world over, and whose temperate lives are above suspicion. May God grant to all earnest inquirers a full understanding of the right, and unite them on one great platform for the betterment of the world. Yours sincerely, " C. L. TAYLOR." Mr. Healey writes a little more briefly and somewhat more sharply, saying:Š "EDITOR LIBERTY : The charges which Dr. G. L. Tufts makes against me in his com-munication to you seem to demand a brief notice. " He says that I published and circu-lated falsehoods about the Sunday rest bill.' I f the falsehoods were published and circulated, he h a d ample opportunity to show their true char-acter before the pub-lic, and so have saved his bill from defeat at the polls by a major-ity of 161,000 votes. He does not specify what the falsehoods were, and it is diffi-cult to imagine, for on general principles the bill was so bad that it would have been difficult, if not impos-sible, to find language within the bounds of a Christian's vocabulary that would make it appear worse than it was. " Dr. Tufts says that ' in 1909 a Sunday rest bill was before the California Legislature. Elders Wm. Healey and J. 0. Corliss were there lobbying against the bill, and thus uniting their efforts with the saloon lobby, which was also opposing its pas-sage.' Of this and some other assertions he says, ' I am ready to take my oath on these statements in any court of justice.' "A more untruthful statement could not be made than this one, that J. 0. Corliss and \Vm. Healey were uniting their efforts with a saloon lobby, and I invite Dr. Tufts to place his affidavit to the assertion. But for his good I advise him not to do so. " We never had any evidence that the saloon men had a lobby in Sacramento to oppose the Sunday bill. It was claimed by the friends of the measure that the better class of the liquor men were in favor of the proposed law. " W. M. HEALEY." We might drop the matter right here, for these replies leave Mr. Tufts's charges, even in their amended form, without a leg upon which to stand. But possibly his strictures upon LIBERTY and its editors should receive some attention, lest silence be misunderstood. Evidently Mr. Tufts is so obsessed with the idea of the importance of his own work that it is quite impossible for him to look at it even momentarily from the standpoint of those who do not agree with him. As he views it, the man who is op- posed to enforced Sunday rest is neces-sarily a knave, or at best a fanatic and an enemy of law and or-der. Had Rev. Mr. Tufts lived in 1776 he must have been of ne-cessity a royalist. Had he lived in the days prior to the war between the States, and been devoted to the same principles of despotism by which he now seeks to out-law others, he must have stood for the fu-gitive slave law and the Dred Scott deci-sion. But nothing is settled until it is settled right. The lawbreakers in this case are not the men who are fighting an unjust law in the courts, but the men who in the interests of not only a religious in-stitution, but a tenet of sectarianism, would override Article I, Sections 2, 3, and 21, of the Oregon Bill of Rights: Š " All men shall be secured in their natural right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own consciences. " No law shall, in any case whatever, control the free exercise and enjoyment of religious opinions, or interfere with the rights of con-science." " No law shall be passed granting to any 