LIBERTY 21 and as a result there followed that bitter persecution of ten years, 303-313 A. D., the bitterest of all persecutions under heathen emperors. Spurgeon, the great English preacher, has well said : " I am ashamed of some Christians because they have so much' de-pendence on Parliament and the law of the land. Much good may Parliament ever do true religion, except by mistake ! As to getting the law of the land to touch our religion, we earnestly cry, ' Hands off ! leave us alone! ' Your Sunday bills and all other forms of act-of-Parliament relig-ion seem to me to be all wrong. Give us a fair field and no favor, and our faith has no cause to fear. Christ wants no help C. H. SPURGEON from Caesar. I should be afraid to borrow help from government ; it would look to me as if I rested on an arm of flesh, instead of depending on the living God. Let the Lord's day be respected by all means, and may the day soon come when every shop shall be closed on the Sabbath, but let it be by force of conviction, and not by force of policemen; let true religion triumph by the power of God in men's hearts, and not by the power of fines and punishments." No greater mistake could be made than  to forget or repudiate the grand principles of religious liberty set forth by Roger Wil-liams, and adopted by the founders of the American Republic. Long may these prin-ciples live. International Congress on Sunday Rest at the Jamestown Exposition K. C. RUSSELL ACCORDING to announcement, the Inter-national Congress on Sunday Rest convened in the Press Building on the Exposition grounds at Jamestown, Va., September 25 and 26. Aside from those who were on the pro-gram as speakers, the attendance was small. It should be remembered, however, that the strength of this Sunday-rest movement can not be determined by the number in attend-ance at such gatherings, where a few of the champions of the movement meet to consider plans for more effective work in arousing public sentiment in the interest of Sunday legislation. These men not infre-quently represent thousands and hundreds of thousands. Besides, it is from the allies of this movement that its promoters are looking for much of its support and strength. On this point one speaker said: " There are multitudes of allies seen and unseen." One of the strong allies which this con-gress was rejoicing over at this time was the American Federation of Labor. With great satisfaction the chairman read before the delegates the following letter from Samuel Gompers, the president of the American Federation of Labor: Š " WASHINGTON, D. C., Sept. 14, 1907. "Dr. T. T. Mutchler, " President International Federation of Sunday Rest Assn., America. " mo8 Walnut St., Philadelphia, Pa. " DEAR SIR: Your favor received to-day, and contents noted. I regret very much that circumstances are such as to make it impossible for me to accept your invitation to deliver an address before your associa-tion at its meeting in Norfolk, September 25 and 26, but, as I previously stated to you, it is absolutely beyond my power to be present. " May I take the opportunity, however, of conveying to you my hearty commendation 