LIBERTY The Status of Religious Liberty in Russia C. E. HOLMES Ł THE cause of religious liberty in Rus-sia has passed through many vicissitudes, and complete freedom of conscience is not yet attained. The germ of intoler-ance in religious matters has been at work in this great nation for centuries. However, there seems at present to be a prospect that a considerable degree of freedom will yet be enjoyed in the land of the czar. In the latter part of the fifteenth cen-tury efforts were made to reform the church ; but the orthodox party was too strong for the pioneers of reform. In 1504 many were tried for heresy and sentenced, some to be burned at the stake, others to have their tongues cut out; and still others were imprisoned or banished. A controversy over the revision of the liturgy and prayer-books of the Russian church in the seventeenth century caused a division, and persecution was brought to bear upon those who would not ac-cept the innovation. The persecution continued to grow in severity, and in 1681 the leader of the schismatics, with a number of his disciples, was burned at the stake. A few years later a law was enacted under which all schismatics were liable to be given to the flames, and their property was subject to confisca-tion. Within five years after the making of this law as many as twenty thousand persons burned themselves alive rather than surrender to the officers of the gov-ernment. We can hardly appreciate the spirit which urges men so mercilessly to hound human beings to the death merely because they differ with them over the spelling of the name of Jesus, or whether there should be priests or not. But that was the case in this instance. With the addition of new territory con-taining a Protestant population, Peter the Great issued a manifesto in April, 17oz, which allowed them freedom of worship. A part of it declares : Š " We will never, by the power given us  by the Almighty, use any force over the consciences of men, but willingly leave to every Christian the care of his salva-tion on his own proper responsibility." This decree, however, applied only to those outside the state church, and did not in any way relieve the disabilities of those within. All heresies and schisms which have grown up within the Ortho-dox Church itself have been, until re-cently, within the purview of the criminal law. " By the ukase of Empress Anna (Feb. 22, 1735), which is still the law, religious tolerance is defined to mean merely freedom of worship, but not the freedom of preaching for the purpose of making converts among Russian sub-jects, which is prohibited under severe penalties." Conversions by Sword and Lash The repressive policy of the estab-lished church,  in the middle of the nine-teenth century is well illustrated in the " conversion " of the Uniats. With the exception of their belief in the suprem-acy of the Pope, the Uniats adhere to the doctrines of the Greek Catholic Church. " It was deemed imperative to ' reunite Ł them to the established church. Mission-aries were sent out among the Uniats, and wherever persuasion failed of effect they were reen forced by the police and the military. Uniat priests who objected to joining the established church were imprisoned and banished ; their churches were placed in charge of Orthodox priests, and their parishes were officially declared ' reunited.' " From the report of eye-witnes'ses this conversion and reuniting were carried forward with a fiendish cruelty worthy of the dark ages. Says one: Š " The peasants of a whole village were driven to a barn near the church, stripped bare, and flogged by the Cossacks till the military doctor said further lashing would kill them. They were then forced, at the whip's end, to enter a half-frozen 