  I LIBERTY  "Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto , all the inhabitants thereof." Lev. 25: 10.  Vol,. VIII FIRST QUARTER, 1913 No.    EDITORIAL HE who has the privilege of resting when he may choose, has his rights ; he who has the privilege of resting when he may choose and of causing another to rest at the same time whether he chooses to or not, has his rights and the other man's, too. THE enforcement of any religious cus-tom, practise, or belief by civil law de-prives men of the right of choice in that which is most vital in their lives; that is, their religion. Without the right of choice in religious things, the formation of Christian character is impossible. THE church which enters politics must expect to be treated as a political organ-ization. With religious dogmas as such LIBERTY does not concern itself, but po-litical principles are still political even though they may be advocated as relig-ious dogmas by ecclesiastics ; and there-fore the teachings of the Roman Catholic Church so far as they relate to political matters, and the political conduct of the Roman hierarchy, are legitimate topics  for discussion in this magazine. We are opposed to a union of church and state on the part of either Protestants or Catholics. tV ON Good Friday in the Philippines no work is done ; no music is heard save the solemn singing of the " Passion ; " the bells even are silent; and no traffic is allowed on the streets. When will Good Friday be thus celebrated in America? Would it not be inconsistent to enforce the observance of Sunday here and neg-lect Good Friday, an institution estab-lished by the same church? If the enforcement of the one is right, the enforcement of the other can not be wrong. PI !V !II WHAT God establishes he is able to uphold. He established the earth and set it on its course. He also established the Sabbath. The one is no more in need of a human law to uphold it and pre-serve it than is the other. It is just as inconsistent for men to claim that the Sabbath needs a human law to uphold it as it would be to argue that the world 5 