Grave of Miles Standish (died 1656) LIBERTY itÑ  105 Roger Williams purchased his land from the Indians,Ñ a new thing under the sun,Ñ which shows the kindly dis-position of the man. From the first, the Indians believed in Roger Williams, and after his Christian brethren in Boston and Salem banished him, in the middle of a severely cold winter, the Indians gave him food and shelter. Subsequently, when the Puri- tan settlers were threatened with ex-tinction at the hands of the savage In- dians, Williams, at the risk of his own life, made a long trip to visit the chiefs of the hostile tribes to dissuade them from their murderous plot, and suc-ceeded in his hazardous undertaking. And yet, in spite of all this kindness, well known to the Puritans of Massa-chusetts, their re-ligious prejudices against Roger Wil-liams remained un-abated. They wanted him to re-cant his doctrines of soul liberty. But h e stoutly c o n-tended that t h e civil magistrate had no right to enforce the first four com-mandments of the decalogue,Ñ those four commandments, among " the eternal ten," which regulate a man's duty toward God. He was opposed to all their Sunday laws and other strictly religious legislation, and because of his opposition to these re-ligio-civil laws, they tried him twice be-fore the high court at Boston on the charge of being guilty of heresy against the established church and of treason against the state. They also condemned him for his acceptance of the doctrine of baptism by immersion. After his banishment by the Massa-chusetts court, Williams started his new colony for the oppressed of all faiths and nations, founding the city of Provi-dence, R. I., where he also established the first Baptist church in America. The old bell in the tower of this church weighs  two thousand five hundred pounds, and bore originally this inscription : " For freedom of conscience the town was first planted; Persuasion, not force, was used by the people; This church is the eldest, and has not recanted, Enjoying and granting bell, temple, and steeple." It has been cracked three times and recast, and now bears the name of " Roger Williams, the first pastor, and the first asserter of liberty of conscience." It is still rung three times a day as in the days of old. It is claimed that later in his life Roger Williams espoused the cause of the perse-cuted Waldenses, who after their migra-tion to Rhode Island assumed a new n a m e, " Seventh Day Baptists." These people had been great cham-pions of religious liberty in the can-tons of Switzerland and Holland dur-ing the cruel reign of the Papacy, and so after they fled to America they found a new and able friend in Roger Williams, as well as a convert to their old-time faith in the immutability of God's law of ten com-mandments as written by the finger of God at Mt. Sinai. While the Puritans fled from Euro-pean oppression to America where they might worship God unmolested and es-tablish freedom of conscience, they ut-terly missed their idea when they estab-lished their own religion and church by civil law, and thus formed a union of church and state. This resulted in estab-lishing religious liberty only for Puri-tans. While the Congregational Church of Massachusetts was far in advance in church policy and government of the Established Church of England, yet both held in common the doctrine of church establishments, and this was the taproot acrd prime Cause inspiring each with the 