LIBERTY 117 land colonies, for ideal Christianity. Compulsion was, and in Russia, Spain, and Austria, and other countries still is, resorted to in matters religious. Says Noel : Š But what is the actual state of the establish-ment? Myriads of its members have nothing of Christianity but the name, received in in-fancy by baptism, and retained without one spontaneous act of their, own; and millions do nothing whatever to promote the cause of Christ. Its 13,000 churches are generally with-out evangelistic activity, without brotherly fel-lowship, without discipline, without spirituality, without faith. .. . Of its 16,000 ministers, about 1,568 do nothing; about 6,681 limit their thoughts and labors to small parishes, which contain from 15o to 30o souls; while others in cities and towns profess to take charge of 8,000 or 9,000 souls.Š"Church and State," pages 399, 400. Tithe Gathering and Violence The year 1798 was one of the world's remarkable years, and in Great Britain it was noted for a rebellion in Ireland, a rebellion in which compulsory tithe gathering had a part. Says Mr. George Taylor, in his work " History of the Rebellion of 1798 in County Wexford," pages 7, 8 : Š For some years previous to the rebellion of 1798, the county of Wexford was partially disturbed by certain bodies of men, who styled themselves in succession, Whiteboys, Steel-boys, Oakboys, Rightboys, and Defenders, until at length they were all drawn into the great vortex of the United Irishmen. The Whiteboys, who were the first disturbers of this once peaceable county, made their appear-ance in the year 1774, and . . . occasioned for some time a very serious alarm; but by the activity and perseverance of the magistrates and loyal inhabitants they were soon quelled, and two of the ringleaders, named Owen Car-roll and John Daggan, were found guilty of some heinous offense, and executed near New-townbarry, on the twenty-eighth of Septem-ber, 1775. The practice of these depredators was to assemble in the night, dress themselves in white shirts, which were thrown over their clothes, seize all the horses they could find, then set off at full speed in great bodies to the des-tined place, and proceed to dig up the pastures, burn houses, barns, and stacks of corn, drag out the proctors, cut off their noses and ears, horsewhip them to death, and sometimes bury them alive; and all this to prevent their gath-ering the tithes. [Italics supplied.] Ł The rebellion of 1798 was marked by scenes of cruelty, old men atid little chil-dren being destroyed. Compulsion in re-ligion had no small part in the beginning of the difficulty, for why should Roman Catholics be forced to pay a tithe to sup-port a religion in which they did not believe ? Why should a Protestant be obliged to give his tithes to the Roman Catholic system? The latter system of-fered no objection to the collecting of tithe by the state, until the tithe was given to the Protestants. The union of reli-gion and the state is wrong in principle, and results in evil, and only evil, and that continually. Keep the state entirely separate from religion Š whether Prot-estant, papal, or pagan Š in Sabbath keeping, tithe paying, and everything else, and good will surely result to both church and state. In the United States, yea, in every country in the world, were Sunday laws abrogated and religious observances en-tirely erased from the statute books, there would be such a revival of genuine Christianity as to make angels in heaven rejoice, and cause the hearts of men to turn to God. Carnal weapons are a hindrance to God and religion ; the sword of the Spirit, the Word of God, in the hands of believers (not in the hands of police officers), will cleave its way to the hearts of men. Sin will be destroyed, and Christ will conquer. Individuality is the spirit of Christ's religion, as blind conformity is the spirit of paganism and of Romanism. The churches of Christ are societies of believers who think, will, and act for themselves, in obedience to Christ, as pagan communities are human herds, who are packed together by church laws and by state laws, as the potentate and the priest may determine. Keep the church and the state in every way forever separate ; leave religion and religious observances to the individual conscience, and both the church and the state will prosper, and God will be glori-fied. Washington, D. C. 