154 LIBERTY framed purports to secure for the great-est possible number the privilege of a weekly rest day, yet the enactment of such a law is fraught with consequences so far-reaching that its authors have been obliged to make, under twenty-two differ- ent clauses, over one hundred exemptions, many of them for large classes of labor, and including nearly every kind of work, making the number exempted greater ap-parently than the number to whom the law would apply. Each and every one of these exemptions is an unanswerable argument and objection to such a law; for if the arguments could have been an-swered and the objections removed, the exemptions would not have been made. By natural and legal right the few cases not exempted are entitled to the same privileges as those exempted ; and in not granting these privileges to all alike, is not the proposed measure un-just, and opposed to the principle of equal rights ? Under clause " o " exemption is made for " vessels " to carry on their regular business on Sunday; but a man is made a criminal if he earns a few cents with his sail or rowboat in his own private busi-ness. Railroad companies are allowed to run trains and transact business the same on Sunday as on other days, but a poor man may be sent to jail for thirty days for trundling a wheelbarrow in his own individual business. But if the same man should do the same work on the same day for a railroad, steamship, or gas com-pany, or any other large corporation, it would be perfectly legal. Under clause " d " permission is given all establishments employing " many operatives "Š large business concerns Što repair furnaces and machinery all day Sunday; but the common blacksmith could not hire a man to repair his forge, neither could he repair the machinery or tools of a poor farmer, no matter how much needed, under penalty of $200 fine, or thirty days in jail. Clause " h " permits the sale of ice-cream after one o'clock Sunday after-noon, but the $2oo fine or thirty days in jail faces the person who sells a cent's worth of milk. Why is it criminally wrong to sell fresh milk on Sunday, and right to sell the same milk when frozen? Clause " h " allows the sale of " the  products of tobacco " after one o'clock Sunday, but selling or delivering a loaf of bread would be a misdemeanor, sub-ject to $2oo fine, or thirty days in jail. Could anything be more absurd? Buying a chew of tobacco or a stick of candy one minute before one o'clock Sunday would be a misdemeanor, subject to the penal-ties of this act ; but if purchased two min-utes later, it would be a legitimate trans-action. By what means shall the official time be known over all the State ? This is important, seeing that two minutes dif-ference in the time of buying so small a thing as a stick of candy would mark the difference between a law-abiding citi-zen and a criminal. Clause " i " allows the sale and de-livery of " daily newspapers." This is an unfair discrimination against all papers that are published less than seven times a week, making it unlawful to sell or deliver them on Sunday. It gives spe-cial privilege to the Sunday publisher. Section 300, clause " m," contains a pretended exemption for those who ob-serve some other day than Sunday as the Sabbath. In all other cases of ex-emption the persons, their business, and the work necessary for carrying it for-ward, are exempt, but in this case only the " person " is exempt. Under such a law the " person " could open his store or place of business on Sunday, but the law would not allow the general public to do business with him, or labor for him, as on other days. Thus the law would ruin his business on that day. This same clause exempts religious observers of another day from the penal-ties of the law, providing they are mem- bers of a religious society that observes another day than Sunday; but it does not exempt the conscientious observer of another day who does not belong to a church or society. It compels him to join a society or church, or lose sixteen and two-thirds per cent of his time or in-come, or suffer the penalty. Section 301 provides for closing sa-loons and bars from midnight Saturday night until midnight Sunday night, but there is an exemption which al-lows the free use of intoxicating drinks in " one's own home for family purposes, or as an act of hospitality." This trans-fers liquor drinking on Sunday from the saloon to the home. It gives the saloon 