What Constitutes a Union of Church and State LET it never be forgotten that a union of church and state does not necessarily mean the union of the state with a single denomination. It does not necessarily mean the adoption of the Roman Cath-olic theory of a single church (the Ro-man Catholic) dominating the state, nor must it mean the English or Russian theory of a single church dominated by the state. It may mean, and in this coun-try it does mean, the state dominated in the interests of one or more sects, or of one or more religions which may be represented by a single sect or by a num-ber of sects. This is recognized by the language of the First Amendment to the national Constitution : Š '' Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." This was purposely made as broad as possible in order to prevent all religious legislation by Congress. It makes legally impossible the realization in this country, not only of the Roman Catholic ideal,Ša state dominated by that church,Š but it forbids likewise the adoption of the English or Russian ideal, a church or churches dominated by the state. Yea, it goes farther, and forbids all legislation that would in any way hinder the free exercise of religion,Š any religion, true or false, Protestant or papal, Christian or pagan. The Christian Statesman and its edi-tors know this, and urge this view orthe meaning of the term " church and state " when it serves their purpose so to do. In its issue for January, 1916, Mr. James Martin, managing editor of that magazine, had an article in which he quoted approvingly, yea, in which he of-fered as authority, this excerpt from a report by the United States Senate Com-mittee on Privileges and Elections, sub-mitted to the Senate, June I I, 1906 : Š " The fact that the adherents of the Mormon Church hold the balance of power in politics in some of the States enables the first presi- 58  dent and twelve apostles to control the polit-ical affairs of those States to any extent they may desire. Thus a complete union of church and state is formed." We are not in favor of Mormonism, and hold no brief for it in any of its features, neither do we fear it as a power to be reckoned with other than locally. It can never become nationally dominant. But if the facts are correctly stated in the foregoing excerpt, if the adherents of the Mormon Church do hold the bal-ance of power in certain States, and if the elections are controlled in those States by the hierarchy of that church, then, for all practical purposes, in those States thus controlled and dominated " a com-plete union of church and state is formed." In an editorial article in the Christian Statesman for January, 1917, entitled " The Logical Basis of the Christian Amendment," the editor, Rev. Dr. Wylie, LL. D., describes that form of church and state in which " the church is the superior body and controls the state," and says, " This is the theory of the Roman Catholic hierarchy and also of Mormonism." Now if the domination of the civil affairs of a small group of States by Mormons constitutes a prac-tical union of church and state, would it be any less such a union if Mormons and Roman Catholics were to unite in exercising such control of those States in the interests of some dogma, practice, institution, or form of worship common to both churches? Š Certainly not; if any difference, the situation would be worse, because with the stronger combination Štwo strong bodies united in that thing Š the case would be the more hopeless. But that is exactly what the Christian Statesman is trying to do, not only with two sects of Christians, but with many such sects; namely, to unite them, not in an organic union, but in a common movement to dominate the politics, not of a small group of States merely, but of all the States, in the interests of the 