LIBERTY 9 Sunday scraper. It is up to the author-ities to enforce the barbers' Sunday law, without fear or favor, and put the full penalty on violators, which may be fifty dollars' fine or six months in jail, or both. One full dose like this would cure the worst case of the greedy Sunday scraper, and would surely be a lasting cure. Now let the cops get busy and gather them in, so as to better conditions in the trade. The idea that such a plea is made out of respect for the day of worship is en-tirely erroneous. The plea is a specious one ; there is nothing of religion in it. It is merely a matter of not wanting to lose anything while outwardly observing an ordinance of the church. Such per-sons are willing to act religiously if it costs them nothing. It is not of such stuff that any of the martyrs were made. There never would have been any Dan-iel in the lions' den, any Hebrew worthies in the fiery furnace, any victims of rack, dungeon, and thumbscrew, any autos da fe Š in short, there would never have been any sacrifice on Calvary, if the char-acter of those who suffered was of the same order as that of those who demand such laws on such grounds. Let us have men Š men of character, men of prin-ciple, men who will do right without counting what it will cost them, and are willing to suffer for it if need be. We have had enough of religion by bonus. Who Was Disturbed ? FROM the Boston Evening Transcript of Dec. 12. 191o, we clip this item, and ask the reader to ponder its import : Š For working on the Lord's day, Lido-vico Lello, of Wakefield, was fined two dollars in the Malden court to-day. An officer watched Lello for about three hours Sunday while he repaired watches. After the court ascertained that all Lello made was one dollar seventy-five cents, a fine of two dollars was imposed, so as to take off the profit of the clay's work. \\-as  ever the inconsistency, the ab- surdity, the positive wickedness of the Sunday-law advocate's program better illustrated than in this instance ? On their own ground and out of their own mouths they are condemned. Their plea for the Sunday law is that " the poor, tired laboring man may have a chance to rest," and that " worship may not be dis-turbed." Watch repairing is as quiet a business as reading a newspaper to one's self. Whose worship was disturbed? Whose liberties were imperiled? Whose rights were interfered with? Is honest labor a crime one seventh of the time? Such a travesty upon justice and such an exemplification of tyranny over human rights is worthy of the Dark Ages. Such is Sunday-law justice. If this world were to stand another hundred years, one of two things would take place : either our descendants would look back upon such records as this with the same shame that we look back upon the whipping of Baptists and burning of Quakers, or the god of medievalism would be again on the throne of the world, with conscience outlawed, and the brutal business of the Inquisition in full swing. Was Lello fined in order that he might have an opportunity to rest ? However strongly it may be asserted, the securing of rest for the laboring man is not the object of the advocates of Sunday laws. The object is the same to-day that it was in A. D. 401, that every ave-nue may be forcibly closed save that lead-ing into the church. They are desire-1 by the same element (and for the same purpose) that punished our colonial fore-bears for non-attendance at church. Instead of such laws helping the " tired working man," they make his con- dition more distressing. Think of the spectacle of a great, prosperous state ta-king from a poor laboring man the prod- uct of his day's honest industry, the meager wage on which his family de-pended, and all because he had not kept 