LIBERTY 5 The Industrial Situation, According to a Washington Paper deemed people of every age and clime. This is the kingdom spoken of by our ' Saviour himself, as recorded in Matthew 25 : 34, " Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom pre-pared for you Ł from the foundation of the world." The territory of this kingdom is the new earth of which Isaiah and Peter wrote. It is the earth referred to by our Saviour (Matt. 5: 5) in the words, " Blessed are the meek : for they shall inherit the earth." And this is the only new earth that believers in the Scrip-tures have any right to expect. It will not come as the result of a political un-ion, or of anything man has done or can do, but it will be ushered in by the power of God in his own good time and way. But let every man know assuredly that it can never come by a religio-political union of any kind, but only by the will and act of God himself. In this kingdom there will be no strikes or riots, no oppression of the poor, no withholding from labor its just reward. There will be no crushing war debts, no distracted mothers, no starving chil-dren. All will be peace and joy, for the Prince of Peace will be King, and all his subjects will from their own free choice bear him true allegiance. Says the inspired writer : " I saw a new heaven and a new earth... — . And I John saw the holy city, New Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, Be-hold, the tabernacle of God is with men. . . And God shall wipe away all tears from theii eyes; and there shall be no more death." Rev. 21: 1-4. John's Vision of the Kingdom of Peace do not like to think of political changes. When Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, nearly six centuries before Christ, saw in a dream, recorded in the second chap-ter of the book of Daniel, a great image symbolizing not only his own kingdom, but others that were to follow it, all of which would give place finally to the everlasting kingdom of God, he was at once displeased. In this great image which the king saw in his dream, Babylon was repre-sented by the head of gold, then fol-lowed breast and arms of silver, thighs of brass, legs of iron, feet and toes part of iron and part of potters' clay. In interpreting the dream, Daniel told the king that he, or rather his kingdom, was symbolized by the gold ; and that after Babylon would arise another kingdom symbolized by the silver, which in its turn would be superseded by another kingdom symbolized by the brass. This presently gave way before the fourth kingdom, or empire, symbolized by the iron. This kingdom in its later history was to be divided, the division being rep-resented by the iron and clay in the feet and toes. Then while the kingdom of Rome was still in that divided state the God of heaven, said the prophet, would set up a kingdom which should stand Ł forever. This kingdom is to be given to the people of the saints of the Most High, or in other words, to all of God's re- 