" Show me the tribute money " 10 LIBERTY observe another day than Sunday, nor for the people who observe no day as the Sabbath. Paul says : " One man esteemeth one day above another : an-other esteemeth every day alike. Let ev-ery man be fully persuaded in his own m i n d." Rom. 14: 5. Paul be-lieved in reli-gious freedom and the rights of the indi-vidual con-science ; but evidently o u r modern theo-logians who drew u p this Sunday bill and had it intro-duced in the United States Senate, do not intend that religious liberty and freedom of conscience shall be guaranteed to those who conscientiously differ from them on this controverted religious ques-tion. They want Congress to give legal sanction to this church dogma, and then penalize every nonconformist, as the Puritans used to penalize men under the colonial rule of combined church and state. Whose Image and Superscription? Christ drew a distinct line between the church and the state. He separated civil and religious obligations when he an-swered the question, " Is it lawful to give tribute unto Cxsar ? " He said, " Show me the tribute money." Holding it up so that the scribes and Pharisees could clearly see what was stamped and printed on it, he asked, " Whose is this image and superscription ? " They answered, " Ca2sar's." Christ then made his won-derful pronouncement which separated forever the state and the church in the Christian economy : " Render therefore unto Cwsar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." Whose image and superscription does the Sabbath institution bear, Ca2sar's or  the Lord's? If it bears Cxsar's super-scription, it must belong to Caesar ; and all people belonging to the state ought to obey him, and render it to him as be-longing to him, and to him only. But if i t bears t h e Lord's super-scription, then the Sabbath belongs to the Lord; and Christians only are amenable to religious re-quirements, and they must ren-der them not to Cxsar but t o God. The Lord's d a y evidently belongs to the Lord, for it has his superscription. It does not be-long to Caesar, or it would have Caesar's superscription; therefore the observance of the Sabbath as the Lord's day is a religious duty which Christians should render to the Lord direct, instead of to Caesar, or through Cxsar Š the civil gov-ernment. A distinct line of demarcation exists between civil and religious obligations, and between the citizens of the world and the children of God. There is no bond of union between the world and Christ. A failure to recognize the distinction be-tween civil and religious requirements has been the primary cause of all the re-ligious persecutions of the past. Caesar's laws are purely civil statutes, while those of the Lord are religious and spiritual. C2esar's laws rest altogether on force, while the Lord's statutes are based on the drawing power of love. God accepts only free-will service, the liberty of choice, motivated by a pure conscience, a perfect heart, and an unwavering faith. No service is acceptable to God if it is forced ; " for whatsoever," says Paul, " is not of faith is sin." There is also a matter of religious con-troversy as to which day of the week is " the Lord's day." A large class of con- 