36 LIBERTY The Outlook for a Sunday-Law in California J. 0. CORLISS CALIFORNIA is the only State in the American Union without a Sunday law. From 1858 to 1883 a Sunday-rest statute in that State was made so annoying to many of its citizens that it became an ob-ject of political contention. The sup-posed dominant party, through church affiliations, inserted a plank in its plat-form, pledging itself to maintain the Sunday law for the betterment of the laboring class. The other party went to the polls, on a pledge to repeal the exist-ing statute requiring Sunday rest, on the ground of its hostility to religious rights. The result was a political upheaval in favor of repealing all Sunday laws in the State of California. About the same time the State supreme court handed down a decision in the case of ex parte Newman, declaring a Sunday law uncon-stitutional. Since then three attempts have been made by the churches to have the legislature re-enact a Sunday-law statute. These advances have been coldly met, on the ground that any such statute could have no force in the face of the constitutional limitation. In 1906, however, an astute lawyer was employed to draw up a bill provi-ding for a Sunday-rest clause in the con-stitution itself. The text of this bill was given to the public months before the legislature met in 1907, and therefore was quite carefully considered, both by the people and by the legislature. To carry such a measure would require for-ty-five of the sixty-six votes of the as-sembly present, before whom the bill first came up for consideration. But when the tally-sheet was made up, it revealed that forty-six had voted " no," and but twenty had voted " aye "Š a most dis-mal failure. Of course the church people were not satisfied. So they have determined to ap- proach the legislature of 1909 with an-other proposition looking to the enact-ment of a Sunday-rest law. The exact  line of their contemplated action has not yet been made public. But the Inter- national Reform Bureau has been oper- ating in the State, through its Pacific Coast superintendent, since early in the year. Sunday-rest leagues have been or-ganized wherever possible, and money pledges, in monthly instalments, have been secured from all who would con-tribute. In a letter written by the Pacific Coast superintendent regarding the obj ect of his work, he says : " Our movement in favor of a Sunday rest for California is not intended in any sense as religious legislation." Yet in another sentence he says : " The rights of those who refrain from labor on Saturday, or any other day of the midweek, will be guarded by the framing of the bill." But if the bill to be is not " in any sense " to cover re-ligious points, then why provide exemp-tion from its penalties for those who ob-serve some other day? If these refrain from labor on Saturday, some basis for their action must be apparent. There are no social or civil organizations requiring such rest; therefore the only motive for such an act must be that of conscience. In this case the bill would have to do with religious convictions; and to pro-vide exemption for these would be posi-tive religious enactment in behalf of a limited number. This would be nothing short of class legislation, and inimical to the bill of rights, which declares that all persons are equal before the law of the State. But suppose it were civilly admissible to exempt a small class of people from the penalties to be inflicted upon the gen-eral offender of a Sunday law, and pub-lic sentiment could be led to indorse such a measure on the ground that the exemp-tion clause relieved everybody from hard-ship. In that case, might not a reverse sentiment among the people lead to the repeal of the exemption clause, and so bring misfortune to the minority? Hav-ing committed itself to such legislation in the first instance, how could a legis-lature resist huge petitions in after-time, 