LIBERTY 9 respond with its cause, and that, having its origin in indifference, it should also pro-duce remissness? When the church can consent to the fiction of a state religion, she has lost to a certain extent the conscious-ness of its reality, and this consciousness has a tendency to grow weaker and weaker. Christ's Kingdom Not of This World Sermon by the 'Bishop of London THE forty-fifth triennial general conven- tion of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the United States convened, October 2, at Richmond, Va., with ninety-two bishops and a large number of clerical and lay mem-bers present. After the reading of the ten commandments by Bishop Tuttle, and Scripture reading by Bishop Potter, of New York, and Bishop Satterlee, of Washington, D. C., Rev. Winnington-Ingram, Bishop of London, delivered the opening address. Discussing the future of the church, he said:Š To run a church as a man runs a suc-cessful business; to depend upon cleverness and management, rather than the grace of God; to neglect prayer and intercession in favor of influence with the 'press; to lower the teaching of the church or its moral standard in order to suit the self-indulgent, is to spell ruin and failure and shame for the most orthodox church in the world. In a voice which still rings down the centuries, Jesus Christ proclaimed, " My kingdom is not of this world." And yet what are many of the leading and " most orthodox " churches of to-day doing but attempting to make Christ's king-dom of this world, and, depending upon " management " rather than the grace of God, in their efforts to gain control of civil governments, unite religion and the state, and enforce Sunday observance by law ? Religious Legislation and Beer THE demands for religious legislation springing up in all quarters within recent months indicate the working of some power along well-defined lines in the interest of that particular movement. Whatever the organization is that is carrying on this work, it is evident that it is not particular  as to the company it keeps, or who its ad-vocates are. From one quarter the demand for religious legislation goes forth coupled with the demand for the restriction of the liquor traffic and the suppression of vice ; and from another quarter the demand goes forth in a different setting. This was illus-trated by the action of the German Press Association of the West at Peoria, Ill., on September 26, in passing a strong resolu-tion demanding that the Illinois General Assembly give full power to city councils in every incorporated municipality in the State to regulate Sabbath observance, and " to grant to respectable and reliable socie-ties, organizations, and individuals special licenses for the sale of beer and wine at festivals and assemblages.' This German Press Association of the West is willing to use its influence to secure legislation regula-ting Sabbath observance provided the right be granted to " respectable societies, organ-izations, and individuals " to sell beer and festivals and assemblages." This German Press Association of the West is a pow-erful organization, and can wield a strong influence of its own ; and yet the reason for prefacing its demand for liquor licenses with a demand of a seemingly religious character must be apparent to all. The cause of truth needs no such compromising support. " THE national jurisdiction is confined strictly to this world. There are good citi-zens of all religions and of no religion. The only thing the state, as a state, is in-terested in, or has any right to be interested in, is the matter of a man's behavior, as a citizen, in this world. It is none of the state's business to engage in the work of saving souls in the next world. If it is, then it ought to decide which religion is true. Then it should adopt it. Then it should devote its first and chief energies to the conversion of the rest of this world. But America will probably think twice be-fore it will decide to go back to the eleventh century. The world's experiments in this direCtion are not over-encouraging."Š Rev. Dr. Minot J. Savage, in Public Opinion, July 13, 1889. 