THE WASHINGTON MANSION, MT. VERNON, VA. LIBERTY 5 swer them emphatically in the negative. The civil power of arbitrary force is to compel men who will not be righteous, to at least be civil, that men may live together in peace and quietness. The true power of the church is the power of divine love manifest in the flesh, to win men to lead righteous lives. The two powers are en-tirely separate, and Jesus so taught when he said, " Render to Caesar [the civil power] the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." When Peter, as a member of the Christian church, sought to defend truth by the sword, Jesus, pointing to his Father as the church's only source of power, said, "Put up again thy sword into his place : for all they that take the sword [i. e., in religious matters] shall perish with the sword." The tares are to be allowed to grow with the wheat until the harvest. Then God will send forth his an-gels to gather out the tares and burn them. No human effort of arbitrary force can be used in rooting them out, lest in the act the wheat shall be rooted out also. Again Jesus said, " My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, ,then would my servants fight." Every civil law has the power of the sword back of it. If it is right to make law, then it is right to enforce it. In denying to the church the power of the sword, Jesus therefore forbade the church to ask the state for laws enforcing religious beliefs and observances. Paul understood this when he said, " The weapons of our war-fare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds." The early church, strong only in the power of God, triumphed grandly, even over the opposing forces of a false religion, upheld by the state. Only when she allied herself with the state, seeking its aid, did she deny her God, lose her power, and darken the world into a night of a thousand years. The present effort of the church to get the state to enforce the observance of Sunday, and to introduce the teaching of  Christianity into State schools, is but a revival of the pagan and papal doctrine of force in religious things, and as such it is antichristian. A Return to Medieval Methods A WRITER in the Baltimore Sun, of March 25, 1907, signing himself " E. A. McD.," says : Š " Unless immediate steps be taken to stop the religious decline in New York, the city will become a nest of infidels, and the belief in God will be forgotten, and our metrcpolis will become a city of no religion. I would advise a remedy in the shape of a law compelling every man, woman, and child in this country, physically able, to attend divine services on Sunday, and in-sist on them hearing the Word of God, and those who neglect such a duty to be punished by a fine or imprisonment." This is only a sample of a sentiment which is rapidly rising in this country and throughout the world. The masses are becoming irreligious, and the " remedy " proposed is to compel them, under the pains and penalties of law, to attend church cn Sunday. What is this but a return to the principles of the Dark Ages and to the medieval methods of attempting to make men religious by law? Where is there any Christianity or Christian liberty in such a proposition as this? Such laws were in vogue in this country when the colonists whipped the Quakers, banished the Baptists, and executed the " witches." Not all who favor this remedy put mat-ters quite so plainly or bluntly as does this 