THE SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES IN SESSION Religion the Basis of Sunday Laws S. B. HORTON IN their zeal to justify and enforce Sunday observance by civil enactment, it is asserted by some that religion is not the basis of Sunday laws, that the inter-ests of the church are not subserved thereby, and that Sunday-rest statutes relate to the body politic in a civil way only. This position is aptly set forth in an article appearing in a New York magazine which stands for separation of church and state, on the subject of a District Sunday-rest bill now pending in Congress. In this article it is stated : Ñ " A magazine, LIBERTY, calls this bill unconstitutional, un-American, unjust, and unnecessary.' Why ?Ñ They claim that it conflicts with the principles of the separation of church and state, and that therefore every lover of liberty should oppose this bill. We do not agree. If the bill demanded that Sunday be ob-served as a day of worship, and if the bill denied the right or the protection to any worship on another day than Sunday, then we would agree. As it is, the bill does neither. It simply sets aside Sun-day as a day of rest, at the same time permitting those whose consciences dic-tate to them to observe another day of 22  rest to choose their own day. . . . The proposed measure certainly is constitu-tional, American, and just. The discus-sion on a measure of this kind must pro-ceed along the lines of expediency." The author of the article seems not to realize that the position revealed by his observations admits the point at issue ; namely, that religion is involved in Sun-day laws. For in-stance, " it simply sets aside Sunday as a day of rest, at the same time permit-ting those whose consciences dictate to them to observe another day of rest to choose their own day." Conscience is rec-ognized the world over to be God's monitor to each in-dividual, telling him the right and wrong of things. Con-science, therefore, relates itself to the Creator, leading the individual to obey him at whatever cost. It was conscien-tious duty to God in the face of con-trary civil laws which gave to civilization and Christianity the lives of the martyrs. Let us examine the subject of rest-day observance from the standpoint of con-scientious regard for the fourth com-mandment. It must be apparent to all that the highest evidence of worship is obedience. The fourth commandment of the decalogue grants to every man, woman, and child the inalienable right to work six days, and requires rest on the seventh day of the week. Resting from work in this particular is as truly an act of worship as is going to church services. And, inasmuch as the Sabbath command reveals its author to be the Creator, who requires certain things upon that day, its 