The Post-Office Closing Proviso G. B. THOMPSON THE Sunday-closing proviso attached to the House Post-office Appropriation Bill, though apparently innocent in ap-pearance, is a matter of no inconsider-able importance, and threatens grave peril to the republic, if followed to its logical conclusions. While the law in operation since September i does not demand Sunday observance, nor close all post-offices, nor stop the delivering of all mail, nor hinder the transit of mail, nevertheless it is a step that has far-reaching consequences. It is, to a certain extent, a recognition of Sunday by na-tional law. It is a step toward the clo-sing of all post-offices and the stopping of all transit of mail on Sunday because of the supposedly religious character of the day. And having taken the first step, there is no reason to believe the last step will not be taken, and that other and most drastic laws favoring Sunday will not be passed and enforced. And why not? If such legislation is demanded and is a good thing, why not go on to the limit? This is recognized by the New York World in its issue of Aug. 28, 1912, in which it says editorially : " If post-offices are to be closed tight on Sundays, why should not the running of mail-cars throughout the day be stopped?" Then the editor says fur-ther : Š " In some places the clause stealthily placed in the Post-office Appropriation Bill closing city post-offices on Sunday is referred to as Puritanism.' It is nei-ther Puritanism nor anything else hav-ing a close relation to religious morals. It is syndicalism. It is sabotage. It is oppression of the people by paid servants of the people. It is the crippling of a great public service by its employees, who demand big wages and pensions, and who do not want to work." Once the " camel's nose " of religious legislation has been thrust into the na-tional tent, why may we not look for the  ugly form of the entire beast to enter? That this Sunday-closing proviso is religious in character is very apparent. Why enact special legislation for the handling of mail on Sunday different from other days? The Post-office De-partment does not need special legislation in order to arrange for its employees to rest, as is seen by the regulation of hours of work and of vacation periods. Sun-day is designated because of the religious sentiment favoring the day. It is really a decision as to which day is the Sabbath, a work which belongs wholly to an eccle-siastical tribunal. The religious character of this legisla-tion is quite apparent, when we consider the organizations that are urging it. This is not a new question. It is a century old. From 18io to 1829 this same ques-tion concerning the mails and post-offices was urged upon Congress from time to time. The petitions then, as now, came largely from religious sources. " The synod of Pittsburgh," " citizens of sev-eral Christian denominations," the " General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in the United States of Amer-ica," " sundry inhabitants," and " nu-merous citizens," are mentioned. Relig-ious organizations were at the head of the movement then, and of course upon religious grounds. In 1829 the Senate Committee on Post-offices and Post-roads, to whom the petitions' were referred, reported ad-versely, assigning as a reason that the government of the United States was a civil and not a religious institution. The report stated that " the petitioners for its discontinuance appear to be actuated by a religious zeal, which may be commend-able if confined to its proper sphere; but they assume a position better suited to an ecclesiastical than a civil institution; " and that to enact such a law would " in-volve a legislative decision of a religious controversy," and this principle once in- 23 