26 LIBERTY character as commerce. If we are not en-gaged in unrighteous war, our bullets may be labeled with the declaration of our trust with precisely as much and as logical rea-son as our coins, since each is but a servant of legitimate governmental functions. The fact is that as individuals the peo-ple of the United States do trust in God. As a government they don't do anything of the sort. They trust in their might, in their men, in their ships and guns and money. Our whole policy as a nation has proved this. ŁIt is a mockery to put upon the symbols of governmental functions a Memorial Against Sunday Legis, lation [On Tuesday, March 3, there was pre-sented in the Senate by Senator Kean, of New Jersey, the following memorial which was printed in the Congressional Record of the same date.Š ED.] To the Honorable Senate and House of Representatives in Congress Assembled: THE Seventh-day Baptists of the United States, for and in behalf of whom this memorial is laid before you, beg leave to call attention to their record as advocates and defenders o f constitutional, civil, and relig-ious liberty ever since their or-ganization in Newport. R. I., in 1671 A. D. That record in-c l u d e s colonial governments, the Continental Con-gress, where they were represented by Hon. Samuel Ward, services of German Seventh- THE WHITE HOUSE, WASHIN The east front of the home of e Chief Executive " East Room " is the room on the first floor on the piece of sentimentality which our whole national conduct proves a bit of pretense and in reality denies. If, as a nation, we actually did put our trust in the Supreme Being, we would abandon our ships of war, we would destroy our bullet molds, we would turn our " swords into plowshares," and our " spears into pruning-hooks." And our money would not need to be labeled with the verbal assurance of our piety. Un-less those words, " In God we trust," con-stitute a meaningless phrase, we are guilty of a sacrilege in stamping them on the servant of mammon. If the phrase is meaningless, its usage is superfluous. There are, no doubt, a great many people in the country who devoutly own their trust in God who will regret the restoration of the motto to our coins. They believe that it is not religious truth, but religious senti-mentality, which will put it back.Š The Washington Post, March r8, 19o8. GTON, D. C. day Baptists of of the nation. The well-known Ephrata, Pa., and right-hand side of the picture. other points of interest. Having such a history and in-heritance, we respectfully and confidently ask and petition that you will not enact any of the following bills, now before Con-gress, namely : Š " S. 1519. A bill to prevent Sunday banking in post-offices in the handling of money-orders and registered letters. " H. R. 4897. A bill to further protect the first day of the week as a day of rest in the District of Columbia. " H. R. 4929. A bill prohibiting labor on buildings, etc., in the District of Colum-bia on the Sabbath day. " H. R. 13471. A bill prohibiting work in the District of Columbia on the first day of the week, commonly called ' Sunday.' " S. 394o. A bill requiring certain places of business in the District of Columbia to be closed on Sunday." We base this memorial on the following grounds: Š 