?la  LIBERTY The popular theory of successive ages represented by definite, successive types of life always found in an invariable order of sequence, is manifestly helpless to explain these facts. In reality they prove that no type of fossils is old, and none is young; that there is absolutely no way of proving one type older than an-other. This theory of successive ages of life never was a scientific generalization of any value, because it was adopted at the very dawn of the science on childishly insufficient data. It was invented in France or England to explain the order in which the rocks seemed to occur in those localities; and from the first it in-volved the monstrous assumption that over all the rest of the world the rocks must always be found in the exact order observed in these insignificant corners of western Europe. It is surprising that men calling themselves scientific, and claiming to follow the methods of Bacon and Newton, should ever have been guilty of such slipshod reasoning. But it is absolutely amazing that modern sci-entists should still cling to such a prim-itive, puerile theory, in view of what we now know of the absolutely irregular order in which the rocks occur, taking the world all over. And I do not see how we can any longer avoid the conclusion that no one type of fossil is older than another, but all of approximately the same age, representing one complete world, and doubtless buried in one great universal catastrophe of world ruin. Nothing resembles this childish theo-rizing of the geologists from such insuffi-cient data so well as the exquisite fable of the three little green peas in the little green pod. These wise little fellows no-ticed that their little world was all green, and they themselves green likewise, and they shrewdly concluded that the whole universe must also be green. And yet we are not told of their traveling through-out the universe and systematically ex-plaining all subsequently observed colors in terms of their theory, as the geologists have done for nearly a hundred years, blaming the Bible all the while because it  would not confirm their absurd specula-tions. But with the great fossil world be-fore us for explanation as to how it was buried, and with all previous theories exploded about a definite order in which they occur, or the successive ages which they were supposed to represent, the con-clusion is absolutely unavoidable that they represent a complete world buried at one time, as the Scriptures state. While back of it all, looming up through the dawn as the mists of evolution and cosmological speculations clear away, twentieth century science must stand with uncovered head and bowed form in presence of that most august thought of the human mind, " In the beginning God created." The Unproved Assumptions of Evolution IF blind adherence to unproved as-sumptions constitutes mental freedom, one might readily understand the signifi-cance of the glowing tributes which are now being paid to Darwin's memory. Those eulogists are guilty of the same fault which they attribute to the super-natural believer. The man of supernat-ural faith believes, on the authority of God the revealer, things which can not be proved. These modern disciples of Darwin accept things without proof because of an overweening confidence in the superiority of their own intellect, which makes them believe that they see, when in reality they do not see. The whole theory of evolution on its rational side is based on a series of as-sumptions for which no definite proof is forthcoming. Not only is it unable to indicate the start of life, but it fails utterly to explain the origin and growth of the noblest sentiments with which hu-man nature is endowed.Ñ Selected. By the word of the Lord were the heavens made; and all the host of them by the breath of his mouth." 