LIBERTY 163 interests of the church, just so far as such action is not prevented by a strong Protestant sentiment. Current political history is supplying frequent illustrations of this use of the church power in the interest of candidates for office whose election is desired by Rome. One such illustration comes to us from the Northwest. At the recent election for school director in the city of Port-land, Oregon, the election of one of the candidates, Mr. Beach, was desired by the Roman Catholics. Accordingly, ref- olic priest has over the members of his church, will understand that no further action on the part of the priest was nec-essary in order to instruct his people that they should cast their ballots for Mr. Beach, and not for any other candidate. The opposing candidate, Mr. 0. M. Plummer, resented this influence of the hierarchy in a political matter ; and he accordingly published his protest in the Oregon &Lill? Journal, of Monday, June 17, 1912. A facsimile of his statement of the case is presented herewith : Š Keep Sectarianism Out of the Public Schools I very much regret that in at least two Catholic churches of the cityŠthat of Father Gregory and Father Hughes Šannouncement was made Sunda y morning to this effect: "Monday the election for School Di-rector occurs. It is a matter in which we should be deeply interested. Each member of this congregation should voteŁas his conscience dictates. Cards will be handed you as you pass out of the church." Cards of Mr. Beach, candidate against me for School Director, were handed each member of the congregation as he went outside the church. It is a matter of deep regret to me that any church, even by implication, should be brought into any fight that relates to the public schools. From them, above all other places, sectarian-ism should be banished. For myself, I am free to say this is and always has been my attitude; no matter what church or creed might be involved. This question has never clime up to me before. It has never made a bit of difference to me what a man's religion was. If he was a man, that was enough for me, and I never inquired further. I number Catholics among my friends, some of them of twenty years' stand-ing. Some of these, I am sure, will regret that any political machineŠSu-perintendent Rigler's or any otherŠcould wield such influence as brought about the result I here mention. For myself, I am no politicianŠonly a plain business man, with some sense of public duty and official responsibil-ity. If elected, I want to go in as an American citizen, who fully feels what he owes to the public school system and realizes the benefits it may be made to confer. It is as an American citizen I want to go onto the School Board, and not as a sectarian or the representative of any creed. 0. M. PLUMMER. (Mild kdvprtIcemPnt.) erence was made to the election in two of the Catholic churches, and those in attendance were told that cards would be handed to them as they left the church. These cards were issued in the interest of the candidacy of Mr. Beach. Those who know what power the Roman Cath- It should not escape the attention of our readers that this communication was inserted as a " paid advertisement," and that it was so designated by these words placed at the bottom of the statement. We do not know whether Mr. Plummer could have secured the publication of his 