LIBERTY 125 cise, but we claim it as an inalienable right. In the United States Senate Report of 1829, when the Senate Committee re-ported adversely on all kinds of Sunday legislation so far as Congress was con-cerned, we read : Š What other nations call religious tol-eration, we call religious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of govern-mental indulgence, but as rights, of which government cannot deprive any Rome committed herself to this kind of legislation and pursued it to its bloody ultimatum. Is the New York Assembly going to follow suit? The National Re-form Association, which is about to hold a world's conference in Portland, Ore-gon, has fully committed itself to a course of religious intolerance. In a work entitled " Sabbath Laws in the United States," published by the afore-said association, Dr. R. C. Wylie attacks every Sunday law in every State which NEW YORK STATE CAPITOL, ALBANY More than twenty Sunday bills were introduced in this legislature this year. A bill designed to exempt observers of another day from prosecution for Sunday labor was recently defeated in the assembly. portion of citizens, however small. Des-potic power may invade those rights, but justice still confirms them. Let the national legislature once perform an act which involves the decision of a relig-ious controversy, and it will have passed its legitimate bounds. The precedent will then be established, and the founda-tion laid, for that usurpation of the di-vine prerogative in this country which has been the desolating scourge to the fairest portions of the Old World. . . . If the principle is once established that religion, or religious observances, shall be interwoven with our legislative acts, we must pursue it to its ultimatum.  exempts from its penalties those who keep the Seventh day of the week as the Sabbath. He says that in every place where full liberty is granted to the Sabbatarian who observes another day than Sunday, " the exception . . . in favor of those who observe Satur-day goes too far in allowing them to do business as well as to labor on the Lord's day." He characterizes the Sun-day laws which grant these exceptions as " weak," as " open to criticism," as " unsatisfactory," as " dangerous to the 