24 LIBERTY Postmaster-General may direct." The incident, raising the issue first agitated in 1811, and acted upon by the Senate in 1829, and the House in 1830, simply shows the persistency of that religious ele-ment which is seeking to unite church and state in the United States. Compulsory Church Attendance in the Army W. A. COLCORD COMPULSORY church attendance, it seems, is creeping into the American army. Re-cently Lieutenant-Colonel Glenn, post com-mander at Columbus, Ohio, issued an order requiring Catholic soldiers, or those who had been brought up Catholics, to attend the Catholic church on Sunday. Sunday, January 6, Sergeant Lynch, a non-com-missioned officer, refused to obey the order. Court-martial charges were preferred against him, and the case was referred to the War Department of the government. The following dispatch from Washington indicates the action of the War Depart-ment : Š " WASHINGTON, D. C., Jan. 27.ŠThe case involving the legality of an order is-sued by the post commander at Columbus, Ohio, has been acted on by the War De-partment. The order was to a non-com-missioned officer, and required him to attend divine services in the church in which he had been brought up, after he had refused to do so. " It is held that the post commander has no right to issue orders to require officers or men to attend divine services other than orders necessary to secure a proper observ-ance of the Sabbath. " He may require the men to form in line when they march to the chapel, but he can not make them attend services." A dispatch from Columbus, Ohio, under date of February 2, states that the War Department held that Mr. Lynch was wrong "in that he did not obey the orders, and then make complaint." As a punish-ment, he is to lose his chevrons, and be transferred to another company at Fort Thomas, Ky. The dispatch further says: Š " It is also held that the court-martial charges against the sergeant could not be sustained. " Lieutenant-Colonel Glenn was held to be wrong in issuing the order, which sub- sequently was modified, to compel Cath-olic soldiers at the post to march only as far as the church door. " Much dissatisfaction is expressed by men at the barracks, because they are com-pelled to march to the church. It is de-clared that even this modified order is unprecedented in army circles. Captain Cabaniss, acting commandant, declared to-day that the modified order issued by Lieutenant-Colonel Glenn before he left for San Antonio, Tex., to defend Major Pen-rose, would be enforced to-morrow." From this it seems that Sunday legisla-tion in army circles at Columbus, Ohio, means compulsory church attendance, or at least a forced march as far as "the church door." This is quite in keeping with Roman Catholic principles, as well as with the old Puritan and colonial Sunday laws, which required church attendance under severe pains and penalties, and we do not imagine that the National Reform Association, or Mr. Wilbur F. Crafts, or Sunday-law advo-cates generally will raise any serious ob-jection to the proceedings, though quite out of harmony with the principles of civil and religious liberty. Religious Persecution in the Land of the Free C. M. SNOW THREE Christian men have been tried, and fined thus early in this new year, under a State Sunday law, for " worshiping God according to the dictates of their own con-sciences." The trial occurred at Spartanburg, S. C., on January lo. As the three were indicted for the same offense, one trial, that of Mr. Nash, sufficed for the three, and the same fine was imposed upon each. The names of these three Christian men are, R. T. Nash, A. A. Johnson, and J. J. Soper, all members of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, the first being an or-dained minister of the denomination, the second a local elder, and the third a deacon. In view of the fact that most zealous efforts are being put forth in this country at the present time to restrict the religious liberty of the people, and bring in again persecution for conscience' sake, these prosecutions are significant ; for there is much more involved in them than the mere amount of the fines imposed. 