LIBERTY 35 lowed. The first step involved in a union of church and state in Rome included the last step taken in the establishment of the Spanish Inquisition. The prophecy which the churches are wanting to fulfill is not a new order of things; it is a return to the old order, the Dark Ages, when the refusal to obey  the dictates of the church meant severe punishment. -The church may do a wonderful work for the world if it clings to the plan of its Founder, and preaches the gospel of love, rather than seeking the power of earthly kingdoms to force the consciences of men. Do Sunday Laws Rest on a True Civil Basis? Viewed From the Standpoint of Citizenship G. D. BALLOU ALL just civil law has its origin in the personal rights of the individual citizens. Every citizen has certain powers or priv-ileges which come to him as a birthright. They are called divine rights because be-stowed by the Creator. Among these are the rights to defend life, property, repu-tation, and the chastity of one's family. These rights also extend to the defense of the life, property, and reputation of one's fellow man, and to the defense of the chastity of his family. Now when we elect men to become our legislators, we delegate to them the authority .which we ourselves possess, and no other authority. Hence our leg-islators are empowered to pass laws pro-tecting the relationships of life referred to, and thus lessen the necessity for the individual to look after his own personal defense. A little careful study will show that all just laws must be made with reference to the relationships growing out of these personal rights. Anything which endangers life, property, reputation, or chastity becomes a subject for just pro-hibitive legislation. Hence we may de-mand that laws be made to prevent ob-scene plays and hinder the dissemination of obscene pictures and literature, because these things tend to corrupt the chastity of society; and laws may justly be framed to prevent the sale of intoxicants, the use of which renders men ungovernable, and thus endangers life, property, and chas-tity. But there are other important relation-ships in life which it is just as desirable to have conserved and protected as the ones already mentioned, and yet these relationships are matters for persuasion rather than legal regulation. I may not dictate to my neighbor the kind of food he shall provide for himself and family, nor the kind of clothing ; nor may I com-mand him, for his health's sake, to spend eight hours in bed out of every twenty-four ; nor may I command him to rest one day in seven ; nor may I say how he shall use his means, nor how he shall think on any subject; and many other privileges which are God-given, I may not legally interfere with in any manner. I may persuade, but I cannot invoke the force of law where no one's personal right is infringed. So in the light of these self-evident facts, the citizen has no authority to dele-gate to his lawmaking representative along these last-mentioned lines. Aryl as the authority of each citizen to make his fellow man rest on any day of the week, thus attempting to regulate the other man in the use of his time, or to do any of the things just named, is repre-sented by zero, so a million voters have only a million zeros of authority, which, all told, amounts to only zero. The leg-islator himself, having no authority in the matter more than the private citizen, is void of all power, right or authority to do this work of rest-day legislation; and 