46 LIBERTY stands Gallows Hill, upon the summit of which a number of innocent people were hanged as witches, on a figment of unhealthy imagination. The poet Whittier, in " The Witch of Wen-ham," thus graphically describes the terror of that time: " Until from off its breast the land The haunting horror threw, And hatred, born of ghastly dreams, To shame and pity grew. Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł " The smith filed off the chains he forged, The jail bolts backward fell; And youth and hoary age came forth Like souls escaped from hell." Knowing all this ghastly record of the past, is it any wonder that the fathers of this Re-public determined to forestall by fundamental law the possibility of a recurrence of such conditions? It will ever be wise to give heed to the admonition, " Keep the church and state forever separate; " and to the declaration, " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." An Interesting Bit of History IN connection with the present Sunday law crusade in the District of Columbia, some of the older residents will remember that in the city of Washington, Feb. 18, 1890, Dr. Crafts produced before the Committee on the District of Columbia, a Mr. Schulteis who said that he represented Local Assembly No. 2672 of the Knights of Labor, and that that assem-bly had indorsed the Breckinridge Sunday bill. But unfortunately for this claim Mr. Millard F. Hobbs, master workman of the whole fed-eration of the Knights of Labor in the District of Columbia, was present, and presented the matter in quite another light. He said: " No one has been authorized by the Knights of Labor to speak in favor of this bill. Mr. Schulteis is not authorized to speak for the Knights of Labor. It is true Mr. Schulteis is a member of a committee having charge of certain matters, but that committee has noth-ing to do with this question. The Knights of Labor are virtually opposed to this bill. Some are in favor of some parts of it; some are in favor of all of it; and some are entirely op-posed to all of it. For this reason the Knights of Labor of the District, as an organization, have refused to have anything to do with it. We are all in favor of a day of rest, some two days; but we are afraid of the religious side of this question. What benefits the Knights of Labor wish to obtain, we think, can be better secured by our own efforts through our own organizations than by the efforts of others through the church." One who was present and heard Mr. Hobbs speak, says: " This speech, coming as it did, was more or less of a surprise to all; but to Mr. Crafts and his party it was a stunner.' It instantly crushed to atoms the whole pet theory which they had so nicely framed and so pathetically presented in behalf of the poor workingmen who are so cruelly oppressed by being forced to labor on Sunday; ' and of the church's gal-lant effort to liberate them from the Egyptian bondage of Sunday slavery.' Nothing could have happened that would more clearly expose the perfect hollowness of the plea that is made by the' Atheidcan Sabbath Uniou, that this Sunday movement is in the interests of the workingmen, than did this unpremeditated and wholly unsolicited speech." The idea that workingmen are, as a class, so devoted to Sunday that they want everything closed against them on that day, excepting only churches, is no more true now than it was twenty-eight years ago, when the Breckinridge Sunday bill was before Congress. c. P. B. A Proposed Sunday Law THE State of California is at present in the throes of a Sunday law crusade. For a number of years California has been without a State Sunday law. Previous to 1883 there were at-tempts to enforce a more or less drastic law of this nature, that had been enacted in 1855. This ancient edict prohibited " all barbarous and noisy amusements on the Christian Sab-bath." In 1858 an act was passed entitled, " An act to provide for the better observance of the Sabbath." This law was tested out the same year and declared unconstitutional. The pre-siding judge, in passing on the law, expressed some opinions of great importance, which we do well to notice. He said: " If the legislature have the authority to appoint a time of compulsory rest, we would have no right to interfere with it, even if they required a cessation from toil for six days in the week, instead of one." This, of course, put a virtual end to the en-forcement of the Sunday law. Advocates of such a measure were not silent nor inactive; and a new law was soon enacted which was sustained by the State supreme court. There was, however, strong opposition to the law, and in 1883 the two great parties made Sunday legislation a campaign issue. The people of the State spoke very decisively. The Demo-crats, who were on a no-Sunday-law platform, elected every State officer, from the governor down. Only one Republican was elected to the legislature. The statute was repealed. Some years later another Sunday law was passed, but when taken to the supreme court, was declared unconstitutional. Said the court: " It is a curious law for the protection of 