Is Sabbath Rest Physical, or Spiritual? By C. S. Longacre IT is claimed by some people that God ap-pointed the Sabbath day chiefly for man's physical rest. They argue that man's physical mechanism would utterly collapse un-der the strain of steady and continuous toil seven days each week, and that therefore the state is justified in compelling all people to rest physically at least twenty-four consecutive hours each week. Such statutes are ostensibly justified on the ground that the state has a right to legislate under the pretext of police regulations for the health of the people and the welfare of society. But such was not God's purpose and design when he set forth his reasons in Holy Writ for appointing the seventh day of the week as " the Sabbath of the Lord." The Divine Record states that God " rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made." Gen. 2: 2, 3. But why did God rest on the seventh day? Was it because he was physically weary, and needed to recuperate his energies? That was not the reason why God rested on the seventh day. The prophet Isaiah declares: " Hast thou not known? hast thou nofheard, that the ever-lasting God, the Lord, the Creator of the ends of the earth, fainteth not, neither is weary?" Isa. 40: 28. Neither was the Sabbath made for man's physical needs. God made the night for man to recuperate his physical strength. During the day he was to work, and during the night he was to sleep. " They that sleep sleep in the night." Christ said: "I must work . . . while it is day: the night cometh, when no man can work." Christ did not cease his physical activities on the Sabbath day. Judging Christ's life from the New Testament record, he was more active in works of mercy and necessity on the Sabbath day than on other days of the week. His idea of Sabbath observance was that of doing good and ministering to the needs of others. The Pharisees' idea of Sabbath ob-servance was that of doing as little as possible in a physical way. The man who was physi-cally idle all day Sabbath measured up to the ideal standard of the Pharisee. The rabbis had added to the original Sab-bath law more than four hundred fifty addi-tional prohibitions forbidding specific physical acts on the Sabbath day Ñ things wholly in-nocent on any day. Christ was continually running counter to these man-made prohibi-tions, as he endeavored to show the people the true purpose of the Sabbath, When they  charged him with doing things on the Sabbath day that they considered unlawful, he would invariably answer his accusers: "It is lawful to do well on the Sabbath days." While the people were to cease from their own works, they were not to cease doing the works of God. Sabbath keeping was not to be a cessation of activity, but a shifting of the object upon which and for which the labor was bestowed. God always condemned idleness in the strongest terms. Enforced idleness is com-pared to the " iniquity of Sodom." It can only be productive of all manner of evil. God incorporated the Sabbath command into the very bosom of his immutable law. Paul declares: " We know that the law is spiritual." If the law is spiritual, then the rest of the fourth commandment, which is a part of this spiritual law, must likewise be chiefly " spirit-ual " instead of physical. If it was a physical rest merely, then a carnal man could keep the law; but we are expressly told that " they that are in the flesh cannot please God," and con-sequently the carnal man cannot keep the law of God. He cannot truly keep the Sabbath. If Sabbath keeping means merely physical rest, then an infidel and a mocker of God can enter " into the rest of God " and keep the Sabbath the same as the true children of God. But Paul tells us that only " we which have believed do enter into that rest; even as he hath said [concerning the unbelievers], As I aware in my wrath, They shall not enter into my.. rest: although the works were finished from the foundation of the world." Heb. 4: 3, 4, A. R. V. The Sabbath was given for a far different purpose than that of enforced phys-ical rest. Thus saith the Lord: " I gave them my Sab-baths, to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am the Lord that sanc-tify them." The Sabbath is God's sign of loy-alty. It is his flag of honor. It is his memo-rial of creation and redemption. God made the Sabbath, and gave it to man to keep in his innocency, and after his restoration from sin he is still to observe it. " As the new heavens and the new earth, which I will make, shall 're-main before me, saith the Lord, so . . . from one Sabbath to another, shall all flesh come to worship before me." Isa. 66: 22, 23. The Sabbath was set apart for worship and for man's spiritual needs. The idea of build-ing up man's physical energies during the sa-cred hours of the Sabbath was altogether for-eign to the thought and purpose of God. God ordained entirely different means whereby to replenish man's physical force, and when men *1 