J111P111.1 J LIBERTY 73 Almighty God hath created the mind free; all attempts to influence it by tem-poral punishments or burdens or by civil incapacitations, tend only to beget habits of hypocrisy and meanness, and are a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our religion, who, being Lord both of body and mind, yet chose not to propagate it by coercion on either, as was in his almighty power to do.Š Thomas Jefferson, Virginia Act for Establishing Religious Freedom, 1785. [are so] given to the most impudent lying and frequent swearing, as is incredible to be be-lieved."Š Id., page 72. Of those times it is recorded: Š " Much falsehood and cheating at this time was daily detected by the Lords of the Session ; there was daily hanging, scourging, boring of tongues, so that it was one fatal year for false-hood, as daily experience did witness; and as for adultery, fornication, incest, bigamy, and other uncleanness and filthiness, it did never abound more than at this time." Puritanism in New England, as in Great Britain, did not even touch the fringe of the garment of genuine religious liberty. (.:ompulsion in New England ended in immorality. Mather's " Mag-nolia Christi Americani," a book of un-questionable authority, thus portrays con-ditions under enforced religion: Š " There is a great and visible decay of the power of godliness amongst many professors in these churches. It may be feared that there is in too many, spiritual and heart apostasy."' " Many people have sinned secretly." " Secret murders have shamefully been discovered among us, and I believe that there are yet more to be discovered." " There has been devilish filthiness committed among us." " There have been church members among us, who have made no mean profession of religion; these have gone on from year to year, in a trade of secret filthi-ness." " I have known some wretched young men in several societies who have been the chief debauchers of the society they belonged to." Again : Š " As for the state and condition of things among us, it is sad, and like to continue so. The antichristian persecuting spirit is very ac-tive, and that in the powers of this world he that will not whip and lash, persecute and punish men that differ in matters of religion, must not sit on the bench, nor sustain any  office in the commonwealth."Š Letter from lames Cudworth, dated December, 1658, de-scribing state of affairs in Plymouth. He had been a magistrate and commission officer in the colony. President Oakes of Harvard College (1673) said he looked upon toleration as the " first-born of all abominations." See Belknap's " History of New Hamp-shire," Vol. I, p. 71. BREAKING A HERETIC ON THE WHEEL These lines from a poem by Mr. Dud-ley, an eminent New England Puritan, tell of the spirit of intolerance which pre-vents God's Spirit from producing mo-rality, the morality of Christ, in the lives of men : Š " Let men of God in court and churches, watch O'er such as do a toleration hatch." Š Hutchinson's History, Vol. I, p. 75. Proscription has no part or lot in modern government of the world. The stake, the gibbet, and the rack, thumbscrews, swords, and pillory have no place among the machinery of civilization. Nature is diversified. So are human faculties, beliefs, and practices. Essential freedom is the right to differ, and that right must be sacredly respected.Š Ridpath's " History of the World," Vol. III, Q. 1354Ł  