LIQUOR PIRATE CHIEF ; " DON'T SHOOT ; YOU'LL DESTROY VALUABLE PROPERTY " 42 LIBERTY very reliable, and cover a large number of cases and conditions, fairly average in America. This report shows 39.44 per cent of poverty due to personal use of alcoholics, and five per cent more to their use by others, a total of 44.44. But it is not among paupers that alco-hol gets in its worst work. A vast host of people, just on the verge of becoming dependents, who support themselves but never lay aside a cent for the future. were brought there and are held there because of t h e margin of wages that goes to the sa-loon. They might have been finan- cially successful and even been able to buy a little home, were it not for the excessive drink burden they hear. " The rav-ages of intemper-ance are most plainly to be traced in classes distinctly above the pauper class. It is among artisans and those capable of earning good wages that the most energy is spent for alcohol. and the most vital-ity burned out."ŠWarner, "Amer-ican Charities," page 61. Mr. Booth well summarizes the needless share that drink had in poverty, as follows : " Of drink in all its combinations, adding to every trouble, undermining every ef-fort for good, destroying the home, and cursing the young lives of children, the stories tell enough. It does not stand as apparent chief cause in as many cases as sickness and old age; but if it were not for drink. sickness and old age could be  better met."ŠBooth, "Pauperism and the Endowment of Old Age." The heaviest burden cast by drink upon society and the individual, the cost in money and capacity to those just above the line of dependence, can not even be estimated. It is the earner of good wages who suffers most and who. thus saving nothing, is ready when over-taken by a slight misfortune or sickness, to drop below. This burden on the in-dividual, on the family, and on society, must certainly be greater than the more direct one caused by actual poverty and pauperism. Being paid through the ordi-nary channels of business, in reduced earning and consuming capacity, it is not noticed as are the more direct burdens paid through taxation and philanthropy. The burden of care and support of the 