HOUSE OF COMMONS, BRITISH PARLIAMENT LIBERTY 33 surreptitiously introduced' by the Clergy in the last session of the preceding Parlia- ment, and had had ' the formality of an enrolment' without their knowledge. They therefore petitioned the King, A. D. 1382, that, forasmuch as the statute entitled, " An Act to commission Sheriffs to appre-hend Preachers of Heresy and their Abet- tors," was made without their consent and never authorized by them, and as it never was their meaning to bind themselves, or their succes- sors, to the Prel-ates no more than their ances- tors had done be-fore them, they prayed that the aforesaid statute might be re- pealed.' It was accordingly r e -pealed; but ' by the artifice of the Bishops,' this Act of Re-peal was suppressed, and prosecutions for heresy went on more briskly than ever. " John Wycliffe had just been condemned at Blackfriars. He and his ' Poor Preach-ers ' had been flooding the land with the new light of the forgotten Evangel of Jesus. And here we see the unsheathing of the sword of persecution against the Lollards; and, quite characteristically, it is done under pretense of law, yet in absolute defiance of the actual laws of the land." Not many years after fraudulently get-ting this act making heresy a civil crime registered on the statute-books, the clergy prepared to press Parliament on to the next step. Paton, who makes his quotations from Hansard's Parliamentary History, again gives the disgraceful record in few words: Š " Henry of Lancaster, having secured the renunciation and disposition of poor Rich-ard II, grasped the reins of power as Henry IV in 1399; and Fox declares that he has the bad distinction of being ' the first of all English Kings that began the burning of Christ's saints.' " This refers to a twofold deed of per-secution connected with his Parliament of  14.01; first, there is a writ in the records issued to the Sheriffs of London, ' for the burning of William Sawtre, a Clerk, con-victed by the Clergy of heresy, and by them adjudged to be burnt;' and, secondly, there was a statute passed, ' touching the im-prisoning or punishing with death such as held erroneous opinions in religion.' " But Sir Robert Cotton declares, regard-ing this Act De Comburendo Heretico, That ' the printed copy differs vastly from the records not only in form but in matter, and that in order to maintain the ecclesiastical tyranny.' The claim to ' apprehend and punish heretics,' in the repealed statute of 1382, had now deepened and blackened into the claim `to burn heretics to death' in the actual statute of 1401. And Henry IV of England, and Thomas Arundel of Canter-bury, did between them, though with almost antagonistic aims in view, manage to con-strain the Parliament to place that dread-ful and shameful enactment among our public laws. Enough for us to say at pres-ent, in the words of Master Prynne the publisher: `This was the first statute and butcherly knife that the impeaching Prel-ates procured or had against the " Poor Preachers " of Christ's gospel.' They were now armed to carry on their work of mur-der by process of law ! " What a sad history was begun in those first steps by which the clergy committed Parliament fully to the course of making religion and religious observances a matter of civil legislation. It was with the lesson of this history 