INTERIOR OF CATHEDRAL OF ST. PETER, AT GENEVA, SWITZERLAND 30 LIBERTY cepted the invitation, declaring that they joined heartily in the great national event commemorating the unity of the country with Rome as its capital. Thus, in spite of the protests of Cath-olics in all parts of the world, there was unveiled at Rome, on the fourth of June, in the presence of all the members of the royal house of Savoy and representa- tives from all parts of Italy, a splendid monument to the first king of united Italy. It took almost thirty years to com-plete this monument, which was erected at an expense of fifty-six million francs. It was this first king of united Italy, Victor Emmanuel II, who took away the temporal prestige of the Pope. Rome, Italy. Religious Liberty in Switzerland JEAN VUILLEUMIER WHAT is the condition of religious lib-erty in Switzerland at the present time? or, in other words : How far is liberty of conscience and worship guaranteed and respected, so far as religious minorities are concerned? It has been re-marked, indeed, that only religious minorities are ever threatened in their religious rights. Laws always re-flect the sent i-ments of majori-ties. Whenever laws ignore or in-fringe upon rights, it is because these rights are ignored by the majority. It is the glory of the twentieth cen-tury that the right of minorities to a free exercise of their religion has been recognized. The Helvetic Consti- tution As regards free-dom of conscience, our federal constitution speaks as fol-lows : Š " Freedom of conscience and belief is inviolable. " No one can he compelled . . to re- ceive religious teaching or to perform religious acts, and no one can be punished on account of his belief." This statement of principles is broad enough to include all forms of religious liberty ; but its logical conse-quences have not been developed in our country. Our three philosophers, Vinet, Secretan, and Naville, who were the foremost advocates of relig- i o u s liberty in Switzerland and in Europe during the latter half of the eighteenth century, were unanimous in condemning t h e union o f church and state as a con-tradiction of, and a menace to, lib-erty of conscience. There are in Switzerland three recognized national churches : the Catholic, the Prot-estant, and the Jewish. These three re-ligions are supported by the state, which means, of course, by every tax-paying citizen. This includes the members of religious minorities who do not belong to 