LIBERTY 67 " War Fought and Won on Sundays, Veterans Tell Loan Movie' Critics " War Exhibit Train, En Route, Wilkes-Barre, Pa., Wednesday, April 23, 1919. " To THE EDITOR OF PUBLIC LEDGER: " SIR: We, the undersigned, aviators, tank corps men and marines, members of War Exhibit Train No. 1, touring the State of Pennsylvania on behalf of the Victory Loan, read with indig-nation and disgust the report in Tuesday's Pub-lic Ledger of the remarks of the Rev. H. C. Stanton before the Presbyterian ministers' meeting in Philadelphia on Monday. " We have all seen active service in France. We have time and again risked our lives, en-dured suffering and privation, and have given of our blood for our country's cause, that the world might be made safe for democracy and to insure the maintenance and supremacy of the principle that right makes right.' " We went over the top on Sundays as well as on other days. We lay in the mud and muck of trenches and No Man's Land,' hun-gered and thirsted and endured on Sundays. Our chaplains, real men, went over the top  with us, ministered unto and encouraged us on Sundays as well as on other days. " When liberty's cause was most uncertain, when our allies were fighting with their backs to the wall, when nothing was too great to en-dure for our cause, we heard no criticism be-cause we fought and overcame on Sundays. " Our understanding of Christianity is that we are judged by our works, our services, and not by mere professions of service. We gave our very all that humanity, Christianity, and civilization might live. And now that the clos-ing chapter of our participation in the great world war is being written by this campaign for the Victory Loan, we think it little becomes a stay-at-home minister to criticize in the way he does the trival matter of exhibiting a film in the loan's behalf on Sundays. " We yield to no broad-minded men our ap-preciation of the sanctity of the Sabbath day, but our experience over there compels us to believe that the Sabbath was made 'or man, for the forwarding of liberty's and God's cause by the sale of Victory Bonds as well as for church attendance. " Yours for America and the Victory Loan, edaleet4Ł41 "giapiP0` 9. /Of -E5', ao-oir.,4ŁŁ .4.45e Ite- e (OS= 41( 41'4'4  \-4z1Nr4-^1 v.5 e OA -2( i:c744,41.4.ci e  pa- Rat, 9f s_ g %col 3:)-1 Ł xtp tym/s3c.w /*tat.* yirusso.e. (1, 