2  LIBERTY bring the authority of the state and the claims of religion into contempt. We are, therefore, unalterably opposed to any such union. We believe that the first step toward a union of church and state, or of religion and the state, violates the true principle just as much as the last step; and we, therefore, protest most earnestly against the taking of the first step. We believe that religion, being the duty which man owes to God and the manner of discharging it, is wholly out-side the sphere of civil government ; and that civil government has, of right, no power over matters of faith. We are, therefore, opposed to any attempt, either direct or indirect, to place religion under the jurisdiction of civil authority. We believe that the state should not be the servant of the church, and that the church should not be the servant of the state. We, therefore, urge that each should be left free in its own proper sphere. Some Significant Facts IN view of the present situation as it relates to the enactment of religious leg-islation by the United States Congress, it seems to be an opportune time to di-rect attention to some facts which are worthy of the most serious consideration. The United States as a nation is spe-cifically mentioned in prophecy, and the part which it will act in the closing scenes of the drama of this world's his-tory is clearly described. Represented in the prophecy by the liv-ing creature having two horns, symbol-izing the two vital principles of this na-tion, Republicanism and Protestantism, the United States of America, according to the vision of the prophet, will follow the example set by the papacy (the beast with the seven heads and the ten horns) in abridging the rights of conscience and  in subjecting to pains and penalties those who choose to obey God rather than men. It is unnecessary to say to those who have read history that the papacy has persecuted those who refused obedience to its decrees. Millions of martyrs bear testimony to this fact. The papacy was able to accomplish her purpose through a union of church and state, in which the church used the state to enforce her dogmas. The story of the means and the steps by which this union of church and state was accomplished in the fourth and fifth centuries, shows that the making and en-forcing of laws and decrees relating to the observance of Sunday was the leading feature of the whole movement. The power to compel a show of respect to the authority of the church in requiring the observance of the first day of the week instead of the original seventh day re-quired by the fourth commandment, seemed to be a test of the practical effi-ciency of the union of church and state. The papacy was not formed in a day. Its arbitrary and despotic power was not gained in a moment. By a constant assumption of authority, by repeated encroachments upon the rights of con-science, and by its growing influence with the government, it gradually brought about that change which made it the prac-tical head of the Roman commonwealth after the authority of the Cxsars had been overthrown. This is the answer of history to that prophetic foreview when John " saw a beast rise up out of the sea," and that " power was given him over all kindreds, and tongues, and na-tions." Rev. t3: I, 7. The fulfilling of this prophecy may be designated as the making of the beast. According to this same prophecy (verse 14), an image will be made to this beast in the United States. The making of the image will be a repetition of the 