LIBERTY 15 ment of a religious test through a court of law." When the same bill was under con-sideration in the Senate on the following day, there was some discussion over the amendment offered by Senator Smoot, of Utah, and the reading of this discussion, as found in the Congressional Record for Jan. 27, 1910, will show plainly that the purpose of those who were urging the passage of the bill was to secure the ob-servance of one day in the week as a Sabbath. This is another clear indication of the religious character of the pro-posed legislation. Not Merely a Local Issue The movement to secure a general Sunday law for the District of Columbia is not a merely local one and the influ-ence of such legislation will be far-reach-ing. We submit the following facts as justifying these assertions. The execu-tive committee of the Federation of Sun-day Rest Associations of America, at a meeting held in Philadelphia, in May, 1907, urged all affiliated societies to peti-tion Congress for " an efficient Sunday law for the District of Columbia." Dur-ing the session of the International Sun-day Rest Congress, held at the James-town Exposition in September of the same year, action was taken urging the passage of such legislation. The report of this body, which was distributed dur-ing its sessions, contained the following paragraph : " The District of Columbia has no Sunday law. We should secure one by an act of Congress as soon as pos-sible." From the petitions which have been laid before Congress from time to time, both urging and opposing Sunday legislation, it is plain that the people of the country, as a whole, are interested in this matter, and regard it as of national significance. It ought not, therefore, to be treated as a question of minor impor-tance embodying merely a police regula-tion for the District of Columbia. Testimony of Idaho's Governor As the result of a vigorous campaign on the part of those who advocate Sab-bath observance by human law, a Sunday law was enacted during the ninth session of the State legislature of Idaho. After a sufficient time had elapsed to give the law a fair test, Governor James H. Haw-ley, in his message to the legislature, Jan.  3, 1911, spoke of the unsatisfactory working of the law, expressed his per-sonal belief that it was not proper to leg-islate upon matters of this kind, and made the following recommendation : " As a result of its experience in con-struing this law, the supreme court has proposed in its report to the governor, that it be so amended as to make it intel-ligible. Undoubtedly the act needs amendment if it is continued in force, but I would suggest as a still better remedy that the entire act be repealed, and the subject-matter of it relegated to local au-thorities in the various municipalities of the State." Idaho's experience certainly suggests the propriety of leaving the code of the District of Columbia free from any similar statute. We are in hearty sympathy with those who desire to rest one day in the week, but we respectfully submit that it is not proper for Congress to compel any one to rest who does not choose to do so. The same logic which would justify such an interference with personal rights on the ground of health or the general pub-lic welfare would also justify laws regu-lating the time and hours of sleep, and the quality and quantity of food taken. These questions, however, are outside the proper sphere of legislation. Would Alter a Century's Record In closing this protest, we beg to call attention to recent movements in the Old World, as in Italy, France, Spain, and Portugal, tending toward the separation of church and state, and to express the hope that the United States Congress will not at this very time change the con- sistent record of more than a century by enacting legislation looking toward the union of church and state, or the inter-ference of government in matters of religion. In spite of the unanswerable argu-ments presented in this protest and in the speeches made before the committee, the bill was favorably reported to the Senate. A history of its vicissitudes since its presentation there will be found on the last page of this issue. The bill has not yet had an opportunity for full consideration or for any considerable amount of discussion by the Senate. 