LIBERTY 15 In the year 1843 the first Seventh-day grants to all its citizens absolute reli- Adventists came into existence. There are now over one hundred fifty thousand of these people, people who are loyal to the Sabbath of Jehovah. They are to be found in all lands, for they have encir-cled the globe in their missionary oper-ations. No matter in what land you find them, you come in touch with a people who are blest of God. Beset though they are by the frailties peculiar to men, yet God has honored their loyalty to his word, a loyalty that manifests itself in the presence of financial loss, and at times even of persecution. When Si-beria's prison doors were opened a few months ago, Seventh-day Adventists walked out with other prisoners. A people thus loyal to God and to the sign of his authority, are a valuable as-set to any nation. So long as the nation  gious freedom, freedom to worship or not to worship, freedom to observe the weekly Sabbath or not to observe it, whether it be the original seventh day or the first day of the week,Š so long will that nation prosper. Should the nation decide against God's day and in favor of the first day of the week, be-coming oppressive to its citizens, at-tempting to compel all to observe a weekly rest day, then the glory will de-part, for God will remove the power of his protection. God hates persecution; God loathes intolerance. He loves lib-erty, for he is its author; he accepts no service based upon force. Physical force in the matter of conscience, of religion, ever has and ever will be the world's curse. Disaster is its inevitable accom-paniment. Sunday Laws of 1794 Declared Inoperative by Common Pleas Court No. 5 of Philadelphia REV. DR. THOMAS T. MUTCH-LER, secretary of the Lord's Day Alliance of Pennsylvania, brought action in Philadelphia early last summer to restrain the Board of Commissioners of Fairmount Park from permitting games in the park on Sunday. The park commissioners had granted to the boys and girls of Phil-adelphia the privilege of playing va-rious uncommercialized games of recre-ation on Sunday afternoons in a se-cluded section of Fairmount Park, where the public would not be disturbed by them. It was against this action of the commissioners that the Lord's Day Al-liance officials invoked the State Sunday law of 1794, seeking to secure an injunc-tion from the court against the opera-tion of the action of the commissioners. The park commissioners secured the services of Attorney George Wharton.  Pepper to defend their action and to  secure the dismissal of the bill at the cost of the instigators. The court sus-tained the contentions set forth in the legal brief which Attorney Pepper filed with the court, the case was dismissed, and the costs were assumed against Mr. Mutchler and those associated with him in the action. The legal brief which Attorney Pep-per filed with the court presents some interesting points which are worthy of special notice, relative to all forms of compulsory Sunday observance, and which ought to convince the lawmakers and courts that Sunday laws have no proper place upon civil statute books. Sunday laws should have been elimi-nated when we separated church and state, because they came into existence when the church and the state were first united and religious observances were enforced by civil law. Dr. Mutchler, the principal instigator, 