4 LIBERTY the presidency in this day of world-wide missions would be a terrific blow to Christianity. It would be saying to the world at large, We do not believe in the divinity of Christ. ... If Mr. Taft wants to be the head of a Christian nation, he ought to believe in Christ, otherwise he ought to exercise his right of private be-lief in the private ranks. Would Jesus, were he in our place, vote for him [Mr. Taft] ? Would he vote for a man who denies his divinity, and virtually accuses him of falsehood when he asserts his own equality with the Father? . . . Which think you Jesus would select to be the leading citizen in this Christian land? There is a line between church and state Š good ! But no man can exclude Christ from his politics or his business and be a Christian. . . . We think we should not have crucified the Son of God. But will we crucify him afresh and put him to open shame by offering him the insult of putting at the head of a nation, that his sufferings made pos-sible, a man that denies him ? It is a question at this particular stage of our country's history, whether a man should be a representative of this great Christian nation who does not believe in the claims of Jesus Christ, but who thinks of him as a mere man. We examine with microscopic scrutiny the attitude of a candidate regarding tariff, labor, corporations, etc., etc. Does a Christian voter say by his indifference that it does not matter what a candidate thinks about Christ ? Is it safe to " count out " Christ as a factor in the affairs of a so-called Christian nation ? Are na-tional policies and essential Christian principles to be divorced ? Can a Chris-tian member of the church of Christ aid in placing at the head of the nation a man who denies Christ as head of the church? If he can, then his Christian citizenship becomes a counterfeit and a sham. The attitude of a presidential can-didate toward Christ ought to be of great consequence to a conscientious Christian voter. How can any man who loves Christ, who realizes that Christ died for him on the cross, go to the polls on election day, and deliberately, yes, determinately, cast  his ballot for a man who denies his Christ? . . . What must a man be, to what depths must he have fallen, what heights must he have missed, if he could betray his Lord and Master at the polls ? The argument against Mr. Taft may be summarized thus : This is a Christian nation ; this is a Protestant Christian nation ; this is an orthodox Protestant Christian nation. The chief executive of an orthodox Protestant Christian na-tion should himself be an orthodox Prot-estant Christian. Mr. Taft is a Unita-rian, and a Unitarian is not an orthodox Protestant Christian. It would therefore be a manifest inconsistency for an ortho-dox Protestant Christian to vote for Mr. Taft. It may be pertinent to inquire whether questions of this character are to be de-cided offhand by a certain class of relig-ionists, or whether there is a more stable basis upon which this republican govern-ment rests. It has been popularly sup-posed that the Constitution of the United States is the authoritative guide in po- litical affairs ; but we do not find in that instrument any requirement that the president of this republic must be an or-thodox Protestant Christian. On the contrary, we do find this clear declara-tion : " No religious test shall ever be re-quired as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States." The issue made against Mr. Taft is in glaring violation of both the letter and the spirit of this provision of the Consti-tution. It is a repudiation of one of the fundamental principles laid down by the founders of the republic. It is a bare- faced union of church and state. This mixture of the spiritual and the political is the result of a wrong inter-pretation of the Christian nation idea, and of some false reasoning based thereon. This is a Christian nation only so far as its citizens are Christians ; and if the citizens are Christians, and follow the 