94 LIBERTY of men happier and enjoying their lives more than the crews of my own vessel, and the many, many fishermen who, like ourselves, neither touch, taste, nor han-dle it. I should be willing to allow that the manufacture of it gives employment, that the sale of it is remunerative, that a desire for it can be easily created. But the desire for it has to be " cultivated ; " and once cultivated, the " market " is certain to open up, the desire becoming an insatiable, uncontrollable lust in many. Results Irremediable I have seen men robbed in many ways, but they have been able, by the help of God, to wipe out any lasting result of such transient losses. But the robberies of alcohol are irremediable. I buried in a lonely grave on a projecting promon-tory, far down the coast of Labrador, a young girl of eighteen. She was some one's daughter and some one's sister. I had taken her aboard our little hospital ship for the last week of her life. She would have been alive to-day, but she had no desire to live. All that could possibly make life worth living for her had been taken from her through the means of alcohol, and she could not face the home-going again. If ever I have the opportunity given me to say a word at any time or in any place which will help to prohibit the use of alcohol as a beverage, so long as I can stand upon my feet I shall be proud to get up and say it.Š Wilfred T. Grenfell, M. D., in the National Advocate. tg National Prohibition Will Set No New Precedent THERE is prohibition all over this country so far as the mails are concerned. If the same were true of the express business, we would have another big dose of prohibition. As the lottery ticket was excluded from the United States mails, and also all newspapers containing lottery advertisements, so some day the United States will exclude all newspapers con- taining whisky advertisements. A new rule, just out, and adopted February r by the Post-office Department, prohibits the exportation, importation, and transporta- tion of the following articles, considered dangerous, in the United States mails : Š Alcohol. Poisonous acids. Alcoholic malt and vinous liquors. Ale. Dead animals not stuffed. Arsenic. Beer. Benzin. Dead birds not stuffed. Explosives. Cocain. Gasoline. Lottery matter. Malt liquors. Morphin. Obscene and indecent matter. Poisons. Reptiles, living, or dead not stuffed. Rough on rats. Snakes, living, or dead not stuffed. Strychnin. Whisky. Wine. These rules, which recently have been amended, have been published, and sent broadcast throughout the United States by the government.Š Selected. tg THE editor of the American Journal of Clinical Medicine, October, 19o7. said:Š Alcohol is probably the greatest of all breeders of crime, disease, degener-acy, and poverty. It not only robs the nation of an enormous amount of wealth, but in return it contributes nothing to its strength. Is it not the duty of the members of our profession to take an active part in fighting this pernicious traffic? The saloon is dis-tinctly the doctor's enemy, because it impoverishes so many people, and ab-sorbs so much of the wealth of the coun-try, a considerable proportion of which is legitimately the doctor' share 