LIBERTY fl From Speech by Senator James A. Reed I know that newspapers do lots of provoking things. Of course they do. I get mad at them every day. . . . But, Mr. President, the aggregate and sum total of it all is this, that these great organs, spreading the views of first one man and then another, carrying the news of the world to all the other brains, are the vastest force there is in the world for intellectual and moral advancement and for the physical well-being of our race.. . . It is a singular thing that forming here in line as the torchbearers of de-mocracy; holding aloft banners in-scribed with leg-ends to human lib-erty, it is proposed, before we take a single step forward in that great enter-prise, that we shall abandon all of the principles the fa-thers taught, all the great f unda-mentals of our democratic u n - ion. . . . This war . . . shall not be won at the expense of the liberties of the American people. Nay; rather, as we emerge from its clouds into the sunlight of peace, let us come as an army of democracy which never repudiated a single article of the creed of liberty. . . . On the banners of our army and our nation let there never be spot or stain of despotism.ŠCongressional Record, May 3, 1917, pp. 1773, 1774. From Senator Vardaman's Speech Mr. President, when the storm is rag-ing fiercely and the billows are roll-ing high, the brave and steady-nerved pilot demands the utmost freedom of action. No fixed, immutable, cast-iron rules  for steering the ship in such an emer-gency are observed. . . . Buckle, in his " History of Civiliza-tion," says: " No great political improvement, no great reform, either legislative or executive, has ever been originated in any country by its rulers. "The first suggesters of such steps have invariably been bold and able thinkers, who would discern the abuse, denounce it, and point out how it is to be remedied. "But long after that is done, even the most enlightened governments continue to uphold the abuse and reject the remedy. " At length, if cir-cumstances are fa-vorable, the pressure from without be-comes so strong that the government is obliged to give way, and the reform being accomplished, the people are expected to admire the wis-dom of their rulers, by whom all of this has been done." . . . Mr. President, it is my deliberate judgment, that, in abnormal times, such as in the providence of God our beloved coun-try is passing through today, the freedom of the press Š the privilege of the newspaper to criticize and discuss the acts of officials Š to spread broadcast proper news, to furnish the forum in which suggestions may be made touching all public questions, to promote discus-sion, and in that way encourage the at-trition of ideas and the friction of sug-gestions, which alone make it possible for the eternal truth to be evolved Šis vastly more necessary than in normal times, when the current of affairs moves on without a ripple. WOULD WRECK FABRIC OF DEMOCRACY There is enough of the dynamite of despotism in this bill to wreck the whole fabric of democracy in America. . . . Judge Black . . . says: A FREE PRESS AND A FREE PEOPLE The press is the great organ of a free people. It is the medium through which their thoughts are communicated, through which they act upon one another, and by which they reason with, instruct, and move each other. It rouses us to vigilance, warns us of danger, rebukes the aspiring, encourages the modest, and, like the sun in the heavens, radiates its influence over the whole country.Š &mato) John Davis of Massachusetts, in a speech before the Senate, April 12, 1836, printed in Congressional Globe for that year. 