7t, LIBERTY' cations, the system of the ' Volksverein,' or People's Catholic League of Germany, which in the past few years has practically revolutionized the condition of Catholicity in that empire." "Any religious movement has a rough road to travel, but indomitable will and un-sparing labor must win in the end. " The time is approaching, if all goes well, when the many and diverse evils which assail the strength and vigor of our national life, and the faith and morals of every person, humble and great alike, will struggle in vain against the right, and will hurl their hideous, vicious strength against an impenetrable wall of concentrated Cath-olic opposition, reared and supported by the federation." Two statements in this editorial are par-ticularly worthy of note; first, the state-ment that the Catholic League of Ger-many has within the past few years " prac-tically revolutionized the condition of Catholicity in that empire," the birthplace of Luther and the Reformation; and sec-ond, the statement that " to the casual observer there can be little doubt that as time moves on Catholicity will play a prom-inent part in the New World." It will be noticed also that although organized for shaping and controlling national and polit-ical affairs, the federation is here plainly denominated a " religious movement." It is evident that the papacy is doing her utmost not only to gain the ascendency of power in the United States, but to regain her lost ascendency in Europe, and before long capture the world. In addition to this. one of the worst signs of the times is the fact that the great Protestant denomina-tions are also federating with the same end in viewŠthat of shaping and controlling state and national affairs, and uniting church and state. Both movements are steps in the wrong direction. Human Law Versus Divine Law W. W. PRESCOTT THERE is one phz,s-- of religious legisla-tion which should not escape notice. I Hs-tory testifies that in a large majority of cases where there has been a union of church and state, and the civil power has been used to define and to enforce religious observances, the state has been the active agent in the propagation of either a false  religion or a perversion of Christianity. This fact has been well stated by Lord Macaulay in his essay on " Church and State," from which we make a brief quo-tation:Š " Does, then, the way in which govern-ments generally obtain their power, make it at all probable that they will be more favor-able to orthodoxy than to heterodoxy ? . . And how stands the fact? Have not almost all the governments in the world always been in the wrong on religious subjects ? " A specific example of the truthfulness of Lord Macaulay's statement may be found in every step in Sunday legislation from Constantine's law in 321 down to the pres-ent time. Sunday is not the Sabbath of the Bible, as is coming to be quite generally ad-mitted by candid students of the Holy Scriptures. Nowhere is there a divine com-mand to observe this day as the Sabbath. On the contrary the fourth commandment specifically mentions the seventh day as " the sabbath of the Lord thy God." It is plain, therefore, that when men pass a law compelling the recognition of Sunday as the Sabbath they not only go contrary to the principles of religious freedom in at-tempting to enforce a religious institution, but they also defy the divine government by enacting legislation which is in direct opposition to the express terms of the law of God. Ought professed Christians to urge legislators to substitute human law for the divine law? We invite all those who are pressing the demand for Sunday laws, to consider the matter from this standpoint. The Purpose of Inter/Church Federation K. C. RUSSELL THE real purpose of the Inter-Church Federation movement, when stripped of all its high profession of " Christian unity," is to secure the influence and power of the state in matters of religion. The most re-cent statement of the real purpose of the movement was plainly voiced in the Oc-tober issue of the Defender, the organ of the New England Sabbath Protective League, published in Boston, Mass. It says, " This is an age of Federation. At last the different denominations are real-izing it, and joining in an offensive and defensive warfare. Why. should not the 