Temperance The Saloon a Public Menace THE ban upon the saloon is founded upon its inherent dangers. In George vs. Aiken, 26 L. R. A. 345, the supreme court of South Carolina makes this dis-tinction in the following language : " We can not for a moment believe that the court would have declared an act consti-tutional that prohibited entirely the sale of corn, cotton, or other ordinary com-modities. It is fallacious to argue, in the light of this distinction, so thoroughly sustained by the authorities, that, if the government can take the exclusive con-trol of the liquor traffic, it can do so as to any of the other avocations in life." In Crowley vs. Christenson, 137 U. S. 86, the Supreme Court of the United States, speaking of the saloon, said : "As it is a business attended with danger to the community, it may, as already said, be entirely prohibited." The element of danger to the public is the ground of distinction between the saloon and the usual and harmless avo-cations of life. The saloon may be wholly prohibited because it is inherently dangerous to the public ; but the dry-goods business, the grocery business, and the hardware business can not be wholly prohibited, for the reason that the ele-ment of inherent danger to the public is totally wanting. Government is a protective institution, and the self-preservation of society is its paramount purpose. This principle of self-preservation necessarily makes a distinction between that which is inher-ently dangerous and that which is not, and this discrimination can be enforced only by placing that which is thus dan-gerous upon a different legal plane from that which is innocent. When the courts assert that the saloon may be entirely prohibited (and this as-sertion has been made judicially so often that it would be useless to appropriate the required space to cite the cases), they  thereby declare that the saloon comes within the limits of the principle of law that must be invoked in order to justify the complete and absolute prohibition of any pursuit. In a general way, we have already in-dicated that the element of danger to the public lies at the very source of the rule of law that will justify the total prohibi-tion of any occupation, but in this con-nection we wish to call attention to some of the judicial and other announcements of the rule. In State vs. Scougal, 51 N. W. 858, the supreme court of South Dakota says : " Ufider the police power vested in the state, the legislature may regulate, but it can not prohibit or des-troy, a business, calling, or occupation, not necessarily offensive to the senses, injurious to the health, or otherwise det-rimental to the public interest ; it is only trades, occupations, and pursuits that are, at all times and under all circum-stances, necessarily offensive to the corn-. munity, or injurious to society, that can be absolutely prohibited by legislative action." The court of appeals of New York says : " In order that a trade may be pro-hibited entirely, the evil must inhere in the trade, so that the trade, whenever, wherever, however, and by whomever conducted, will necessarily inflict injury upon the public." " Cooley's Constitutional Limitations " says : " Under the police power it is not competent for the state to prohibit the citizen from carrying on any trade, occu-pation, or business that is not offensive to the community, or injurious to so-ciety." Tiedeman, in his " Limitations of the Police Power," says : " In order to pro-hibit the prosecution of the trade alto-gether, the injury to the public which alone furnishes the justification for such a law must proceed from the inherent character of the business." 