LIBERTY ¥  75 health, comfort, safety, and welfare of society, then it might be regarded as an exercise of the police power of the State. In Toledo, Wabash & Western R. R. Co. vs. City of Jacksonville, 67 Ill., 37, it was held that if the law prohibits that which is harmless in itself, or requires that to be done which does not tend to promote the health, comfort, safety, or welfare of society, it will in such case  Where the ostensible object of an enact-ment is to secure the public comfort, welfare, or safety, it must appear to be adapted to that end. It cannot invade the rights of person and property under the guise of a mere police regulation, when it is not such in fact ; and where such an act takes away the property of a citizen or interferes with his personal liberty, it is the province of the courts to THE CONGRESSIONAL LIBRARY, WASHINGTON, D. C. be an unauthorized exercise of power, and it will be the duty of the courts to declare such legislation void. " In Ritchie vs. People, supra, in speaking of the police power of the State, the court said (page Ho) : ' The police power of the State is that power which enables it to promote the health, com-fort, safety, and welfare of society. It is very broad and far-reaching, but not without its limitations. Legislative acts passed in pursuance of it must not con-flict with the constitution, and must have some relation to the ends sought to be accomplished; that is to say, to the comfort, welfare, or safety of society.  determine whether it is really an appro-priate measure for the promotion of comfort, safety, and welfare of society.' " We do not, therefore, think the law was authorized by the police power of the State. . . . All should be placed on a perfect equality, so no one can com-plain of an unjust discrimination. But when the legislature undertakes to single out one class of labor harmless in itself, and condemns that, and that alone, it transcends its legitimate powers, and its actions cannot be sustained. The judg-ment will be reversed."Ñ Illinois Re-ports, Vol. CLXI, pages 296-309. (Concluded on page 86) 