LIBERTY 7S erty, based upon the Declaration of In-dependence, which asserts that " life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness " cannot rightly be abridged by statutory or constitutional law. Without going into the comparative merits of the pub-lic, or secular, and the sectarian, or church, school systems, is it not the in-herent right of parents to begin the re-ligious training of their children for the kingdom of God while they are young and impressionable ? Is there not a hereafter for which to prepare ? Is this the only world possible ? and does death end it all ? There are many who contend that the public school should be " Christianized " by introducing religious instruction and by compulsory reading of the Bible " without comment." But these good friends are either unmindful of, or an-tagonistic to, the foundation upon which our forefathers built this great nation, and these forefathers were Christians themselves. Let the state continue to give oppor-tunity for free public education, along the only possible lines,Š secular,Š and let the church look after the spiritual in-terests of its school children, bearing in mind, of course, the need of common school instruction. The state cannot rightfully interfere. But if the Ameri-can people elect to close up church or parochial schools and debar sectarian ed-ucation to children whose parents desire it and pay for it, and compel all chil-dren to attend the public schools, they must be prepared for a movement to be inaugurated whereby the public schools will be sectarianized, which would ulti-mately mean that the denomination with the strongest voting capacity would be in control. And is there any doubt as to what such a contingency would precipi-tate ? The proposed amendment to the con-stitution of Michigan is un-American and unnecessary. It should be decisively de-feated November 2. ,  Ł Ł Ł 4,114ŁŁ I, IV,,,IMM.2. _999 wirtyzmvpjoy Ł vAr op,,1 ! Ł Religion  by Police Power 11  ,,..—.7.i diŁŁ -46- -46 ii-V4Vriliriiifiertailitarectrinfeltriatiatictitlifie‚WVŁWeifiirtMaitral I WHAT happened on Tangier Is-land, as told on the preceding pages, is nothing new. It is the old-time way of enforcing religion by law. For nearly fifteen hundred years the laws of a number of European countries, and later of the English col-onies, expressly commanded all people under penalty " to attend divine services on Sunday." The main object of every Sunday law, although not always ex-pressed, is to compel the people to fill the church pews on Sunday. Every Sun-day law that has ever been made, has been enacted by church leaders in a civil capacity in behalf of church interests, but ostensibly on civil grounds. Calling a Sunday law civil when it is in fact  religious does not make it civil, any more than calling a hoe a spade makes it a spade. When people want to legislate their religious ideas into law and force their extreme notions upon others, they can usually find some pretext upon which to justify such a course. The Washington Herald of May 5, re-cords another interesting incident which occurred on Tangier Island " The religious fervor of Tangier Island flared into violence today when residents of the isolated village mobbed a motion picture operator, destroyed films he had taken, and drove him away. " The operator had gone to the Virginia coast settlement to take pictures of the prin-cipals in the shooting of Roland Parks, a 17-year-old youth, by Constable Charles Connorton, 