LIBERTY 75 swords, it was taken captive. Placed on a wagon pulled by young kine, it came back to Israel, a blessing to the land ; but steadied by Uzzah, it dealt out death. " Put up again thy sword into his place : for all they that take the sword  shall perish with the sword." " Though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh : (for the weapons Ł of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds)." Riverside, Cal. WHICH IS THE GREATER MENACE? By C. P. BOLLMAN THE Christian Statesman is still in-sisting, as it has insisted for sev-eral years, that the domination of Utah by the officials of the Mormon Church constitutes in that commonwealth a virtual union of church and state. In its issue for April, the Statesman quotes from a report by the Senate Committee on Privileges and Elections in 1906: " The first presidency and apostles of the church . - . . exercise a controlling influence over the action of the members of that church in secular affairs as well as in spiritual mat-ters; and, contrary to the principles of the common law, under which we live, and the constitution of the State of Utah, they domi-nate the affairs of the State and constantly interfere in the performance of its functions. . . . The union of church and state in those States dominated by the Mormon hierarchs is most abhorrent to our free institutions." Nevertheless the Christian Statesman insists, in season and out of season, that the government of the United States shall be dominated by its own particular brand of religion, so that no department of the government shall do anything un-less it is first hall-marked by the truly orthodox Christians who train with the National Reform cohorts. In short, it amounts to about this: State domination by a priesthood is all right if it is only the National Reform priests, but it is all wrong if it be the Mormon or the wicked priests of some other nonortho-dox sect. Now LIBERTY magazine has no more in common with Mormons than has the Christian Statesman. Indeed, so far as articles of faith are concerned, we would probably agree far more nearly with the MORMON TEMPLE, SALT LAKE CITY Statesman than with the followers of Joseph Smith; but we would make little difference between heterodoxy and or-thodoxy enforced by the state, for as we view it, neither can remain Christian when it becomes allied with the state. The union of church and state is adul-terous in any case. Its offspring can be nothing but strange children, and there can be only small choice between them. The Statesman professes to fear that Mormonism will yet dominate this coun-try. We have no such fear. Besides, we might as well fall into the hands of State-entrenched Mormonism as into the power of legalized National Reform. History teaches us what the National Reforniers would do if they could. We can only judge in a general way what the Mormons would do : they might not be so bad as the others, but again they might be worse. We are, therefore, in favor of maintaining the First Amend-ment as it is, and of keeping the church and the state forever separate, in har-mony with the wise advice of General Grant when he was President. 