LIBERTY 123 eracy should generally be ascribed to the Maus is absolutely right. Booze and use of intoxicants." uniforms do not mix, and alcohol is the If the great war in Europe has proved worst of all traitors.Š Collier's, June 5, nothing else it has proved that Colonel 1915. tV Mt OE Antagonizing American Principles A Campaign of Retrogression W. F. MARTIN THERE lies before me at this writing a copy of a magazine called the Christian Statesman. It is printed in Pittsburgh, and is issued under the auspices of the National Reform Association. On its editorial staff and among its contributors are a number of men of prominence, well-known speakers and writers in the religious world. On the inside front cover of the magazine is to be found what we take to be a declaration of prin-ciples, setting forth the plan and scope of work of the National Reform Associa-tion and the purpose of the magazine. This reads as follows : Š The Christian Statesman is a monthly maga-zine of forty-eight pages, designed to promote needed reforms in the action of the government touching the Sabbath, the institution of the family, the religious element in education, the oath, and public morality as affected by the liquor traffic and other kindred evils ; and to se-cure such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and to indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our government on an undeniably legal basis in the fundamental law of the land. According to this, if that which is placed at the head of the list is con-sidered of first importance, the first un-dertaking will be the securing of a law by the government regulating the ob-servance of the Sabbath. In this way they will obtain governmental coopera-tion in the establishment of a compulsory Sabbath. The true American will natu-rally wonder what this involves, and ask why the government should legislate concerning the Sabbath. The Sabbath  is strictly a religious institution. It is a matter that pertains to God and not to Caesar. If the government should, through its lawmaking branch, act re-garding the Sabbath, it would be legis-lating concerning a religious establish-ment. That would be opposed to the national Constitution. That document says, " Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion." One cannot but wonder how far these. advocates of a union of government and religion are in harmony with this most truly American, feature of our Constitu-tion. Jefferson, an American of Amer-icans, said, " I contemplate with sov-ereign reverence that act of the whole American-  people which declared that their legislature should make no law re-specting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, thus building a wall of separation be-tween church and state." The Sabbath, whether regarded as oc-curring on the seventh or the first day, is altogether an establishment of religion. The idea involved in the First Amend-ment is strictly American. It has been called America's gift to the philosophy of government. A Sabbath law would be in square contradiction to the Consti-tution, and hence un-American. We are not inclined to question the intended loyalty of those who champion the policy of the Christian Statesman, but we do most emphatically say that their inten- tions are, knowingly or unknowingly, in direct opposition to the American princi-ple of religious liberty as guaranteed by the general government. 