LIBERTY 139 religious duty to keep, he should be left free to follow his convictions. It is well known that in matters of conscience the majority can not rightly dominate the minority. The conscience of one single person, although he be the most humble and poor, is just as sacred and inviolable as that of the great mul-titude. Leave, then, to each one the liberty to keep the day which he believes that he should keep, knowing that in religious things and in matters of conscience every one will have to give account to God and not to man. It should also be said that there is no civil reason for the government's pro-hibiting on any one day of the week what is legitimate and honorable on other days. Why should work be made a crime? Work is honorable, and work-men, more than any one else, should seek to honor it. From a religious point of view solely, there may be a difference made between one day of the week and another; but as religion is not a matter for civil legis-lation, it should be left to every one to keep the day he chooses, or no day if he so chooses. It is therefore the duty of every one who loves liberty to protest energetically against every attempt to make obligatory the observance of Sunday, or any other institution of a religious character. Florida, Buenos Aires, Argentina. No Religious Liberty Under Islam THE German Orient Mission has a station at Philippopel, a city which be-longs to Bulgaria and not to Turkey, where Pastor Aweteranian, a former Turkish priest, did valiant missionary work among the fanatical Mohamme-dans of Bulgaria and Turkey. Together with two other Turkish priests, who be-lieve in Christ, he published a missionary paper, Gunsch (Sun), in which Christ was preached and the system of Moham-medanism was sharply criticized. Letters came from all sides, some ex-pressing bitter hatred, and others thank-ing the editors for their truthful and helpful articles. No attention was paid to the threatening letters, and the good work continued, until the news reached Aweteranian that a murderous assault was planned against himself and his two friends and helpers. He reported the matter to the government, and received the remarkable answer that the govern-ment would see that the murderers were punished if the three ex-priests were killed, but that it could not undertake to guarantee their safety. Soon other disquieting news came. In a secret conference a resolution had been solemnly passed that the three who had forsaken Mohammedanism must die, and three days later a fanatical Mohamme-dan took an oath in public that he would kill the missionaries like dogs within one week. Then Pastor Aweteranian and his coworkers decided to leave Philip-popel, believing that their death would be of little use to the cause of Christ. They fled to Germany, where they are to be teachers in the training-school for missionaries among the Mohammedans, which the Orient Mission is opening in Potsdam. The two ex-priests, who have not yet been' baptized, will acknowledge Christ in public baptism. Pastor Awe-teranian will administer the sacrament, and thus, probably for the first time since the days of Mohammed, a Turkish ex-priest will receive two other Turkish ex-priests into the church.Š Selected. UNITY of the churches to secure a greater combined influence in all the po-litical, social, and religious affairs of the people, is the slogan of a mighty host to-day. But it is just as true to-day as it was when spoken nearly a hundred years ago, that religious combinations to effect a political purpose are always dan-gerous. No religious organization when united with any civil power is a safe custodian of the rights of the people. 