32  LIBERTY and employees in Washington shall have the privilege of resting one day in seven without fear of being discharged by their employers ; but, Shall Congress en- ter upon a course of legislation upon which, for over a century, it has steadily refused to enter? shall it disregard and violate the Constitution ? shall it enact a religious law? In 1889, when the Blair National Sun-day Rest Bill was before Congress, Rev. W. F. Crafts, who prepared the bill, said:Ñ "The national law is needed to make the State laws complete and effective." Ñ Christian Statesman, April rr, r889. In view of what is already going on in this respect in the States, what, we ask, may he expected here when those now clamoring for national Sunday legislation secure the laws they desire? Plainly, national legislation upon this subject is desired as a precedent, and to give national sanction to the State Sun-day laws and their enforcement. It is desired to establish Sunday as the Sab-bath of the nation. Religious Significance of the Movement It has been said that the movement demanding this legislation is not relig-ious : that it has no religious significance whatever, but is solely in the interests of certain labor organizations. Noth-ing could be further from the fact. While certain labor organizations may at the present time be calling for legisla-tion of this kind, this does not prove that the movement is not religious. These organizations may have been influenced in this, as we know they have in the past, by religious influences from the outside ; and, what is more, it is not to be supposed that these organizations are themselves altogether irreligious. Many of them, no doubt, are composed largely of those who have some religious senti-ment and bias. Whatever other factors may be brought into the subject, there can be no denying the fact that prima- rily, in its origin, object, and ultimate intent, the movement is most decidedly religious. Of this there is abundant proof. At a mass-meeting held February 26 in the New York Avenue Presbyterian Church, this city, in the interests of this proposed legislation, the pastor of the church, giving a brief history of the or-igin of this present movement in the District, stated that it originated about one year ago with the ministers of the various denominations of the city, who formed themselves into what is known as " The Interdenominational Committee on Sunday observance." To arouse pub-lic sentiment in the movement he said this committee had recently prepared and distributed throughout the city twenty thousand copies of a publication entitled, "A Christian Appeal in Behalf of Sunday Observance." This appeal is dated Jan. t, 19o8, and is addressed, " To the. People of Washington." Among other things it says : Ñ " The custom of setting apart one day in seven from secular work for worship and communion with God antedates the ten commandments." No one can deny that the reason given here for " the custom of setting apart one clay in seven from secular work is religious." The reason is plainly stated. It is "for worship and communion with God." The publication further says : Ñ " To keep the Lord's day holy, Chris-tians must conscientiously make it a day of rest from all secular work." The prevailing idea throughout the entire publication is that secular work should cease on Sunday, in order that the day may be devoted to worship ; that Cessation from secular labor is a pre- requisite to proper Sunday observance. But this is precisely what these Sunday bills call for,Ñ the cessation, as far as possible, of all secular work on Sunday. Religious Legislation Wanted In a published " Report of the Inter- denominational Committee upon the 