LIBERTY 45 hasten the day when this government shall build a barrier between the unpol-luted lips and the intoxicating cup ; may he hasten the day when this nation shall be divorced from the infamous business of making drunkards. Takoma Park, D. C. Judge Lindsey's Decision on the Cigarette THERE is probably no public man in the country who has made a more ex-haustive study of the causes that lead to the downfall of boys than has Judge Ben. B. Lindsey, the judge of the juvenile court of Colorado. In an article written for the Sunday School Times (Philadel-phia, Pa.) he has this to say regarding one of those causes: Š " I have been in the juvenile court nearly ten years, and in that time I have had to deal with thousands and thou-sands of boys who have disgraced them-selves and their parents, and who have brought sorrow and misery into their lives; and I do not know of any one habit that is more responsible for the troubles of these boys than the vile cig-arette habit." We are not to argue from this that it is generally only the naturally vicious that take up the use of the cigarette. But the continued inhalation of the poi-son of the cigarette has a dulling or deadening influence upon the moral sen-sibilities of the cigarette user; and after becoming addicted to the habit, he will do what he would not think of doing before. To the increasing indulgence in the use of the cigarette we must attribute, to a very large extent, the great increase in crime among the youth of this and other countries. C. M. S. A Model Saloon " FRIENDS AND NEIGHBORS : I am grateful for past favors, and having sup-plied my store with a fine line of choice wines and liquors, allow me to inform you that I shall continue to make drunk-ards, paupers, and beggars for the sober,  industrious, respectable members of the community to support. My liquors will excite riot, robbery, and bloodshed. " They will diminish your comforts, increase your expenses, and shorten life. I shall confidently recommend them as sure to multiply fatal accidents and in-curable diseases. " They will deprive some of life, others of reason, and all of peace. They will make fathers fiends, wives widows, chil-dren orphans, and all poor. I will train your sons in infidelity, ignorance, lewd-ness, and every other vice. I' will thus ' accommodate the public ; ' it may be at the loss of my soul. But I have a family to support Š the business pays Š and the public encourages it. " I have paid my license, and the traffic is lawful, and if I don't sell it, somebody else will. I know the Bible says : ' Thou shalt not kill,' No drunk-ard shall enter the kingdom of heaven,' and I do not expect the drunkard-maker to fare any better ; but I want an easy living, and I have resolved to gather the wages of unrighteousness and fatten on the ruin of my species. " If you doubt my abilty, I refer you to the pawnshops, the poorhouses, the police court, the hospital, the peniten-tiary, and the gallows, where you will find many of my best customers have gone. The sight of them will convince you that I do what I say." YEAR after year the United States in-ternal revenue receipts on liquor have been steadily increasing, until in 1907 the total receipts amounted to $215,904.720, which was an increase of $16,868,806 over 1906. The report for 1908, how-ever, shows a decided change. Instead of an increase of sixteen million dollars or more, there is an actual decrease of $15,938,296 for the year. This decrease was, for the most part in the item of dis-tilled spirits; but reports on fermented liquors also failed to show the usual increase. 