LIBERTY 43 Unjust Accusation IN the so-called Lord's Day Congress, at Oakland, Cal., July 27 to Aug. 1, 1915, Rev. G. L. Tufts, superintendent of the Weekly Rest Day League of the Pacific Coast, is reported to have said some very unjust things about Seventh-day Adventists. One such statement was as follows : Š The leaders of the Adventists declare that it is better to work men seven days a week than to provide by law for them to rest one day in seven. Their leaders are opposed to closing the saloons upon Sunday, but advocate keeping men at work so that they cannot go to the saloon on that day. An Adventist elder said in the pulpit, " I would fill the people with liquor on Saturday night so that they could not go to church on Sunday." Mr. Tufts is very zealous to enforce his version of the fourth commandment, but seems utterly oblivious to the ninth, which says, " Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor." We challenge Mr. Tufts or any one else to prove that any Seventh-day Ad-ventist elder made any such statement as that quoted above ; namely, " I would till the people with liquor on Saturday night," etc. Let him offer evidence in support of his statement, evidence such as a court would admit in the trial of a case, and we will print it in LIBERTY, with any additional statement of reason-able length that Mr. Tufts may wish to make. But he cannot do it, for the charge is untrue. That such a statement was ever made from an Adventist pulpit is simply unthinkable by anybody who knows Seventh-day Adventists and their views on such questions. There is little more truth in the state-ment that " the leaders of the Adventists declare that it is better to work men seven days a week than to provide by law for them to rest one day in seven." Mr. Tufts well knows that neither he nor any other clerical Sunday law advo-cate would be satisfied with a law pro-viding for one day's rest in seven. Mr. Tufts and his fellows demand that that rest shall fall upon Sunday; and not only so, but that it shall be compulsory.  They would stop every wheel, close ev-ery store and shop, silence every news-boy, stop every press, tie up every street car, discontinue every train, bank the fires on every steamboat, and leave only the churches free to do business on Sun-day, if they had the power. They would even search out and arrest the conscien-tious observer of the Bible Sabbath, who, after remembering " the Sabbath day, to keep it holy," goes about his ordinary private work on Sunday. This has been done and is still being done in the inter-ests of the Sunday sabbath ; but Mr. Tufts and others like him are surprised that Seventh-day Adventists do not like it, and are not willing to bid the Sunday law crusaders Godspeed ! Strange in-deed that Seventh-day Adventists should oppose a movement that means to them a choice between fines and imprisonment on the one hand, or abject spiritual sub-serviency on the other! Seventh-day Adventists are in favor of every movement and of every meas-ure that makes for better conditions for the people without destroying liberty. They are in favor of an eight-hour day, and if anybody wants it, of a six-day week, if it be upon exactly the same basis as the eight-hour day. But when it is sought to establish such a week upon a basis that makes only for the exalta-tion of Sunday, and that makes it a crime to labor on that day, Seventh-day Adventists object, just as Mr. Tufts would object if the tables were turned and he and others of like faith were compelled to rest upon the seventh day ; or if they were required under penalty of fines and imprisonment to conform to any other religious custom, masquer-ading as a civil institution. For instance, how would Mr. Tufts like to have all the annual fasts and feasts of the Ro-man Catholic Church made obligatory upon the people generally, under penalty of fine or imprisonment, or of both at the discretion of the court, so that he would be subject to arrest and punish-ment for eating meat on Friday, or for other similar failure or refusal to con- 