8 LIBERTY fatal to their cause, is it not apparent that no Christian institution needs the support of the civil power? We commend this ob-ject-lesson to the consideration of those who are claiming that what they designate as " the Christian Sabbath " will perish from the earth unless they can secure the passage of laws to protect and preserve it. Sunday Closing As a " part of the great moral uplift that is going on everywhere," the Portland Oregonian instances the growing movement for the closing of saloons on Sunday. That the movement is a growing one all can see, but that it is great for morality is a long way from an established fact. It has had three results that all have witnessed. It has increased Saturday selling for Sunday drinking at home, turning households into miniature saloons; it has given the saloon more of the air of a respectable, law-abid-ing business enterprise; and it has com-pelled the saloon-keeper to go through the motions of reverencing a religious institu-tion. These are results which no one who understands the soul of Christianity can look upon as great in their power for moral uplift, truth, and righteousness. A Blow at Genuine Religious Experience SUPPOSE it were proposed to make prayer to God compulsory by civil law. From whom would the most earnest protests come ? Š Not from the irreligious, but from those to whom prayer is a blessed spiritual exercise, in whose minds the very thought of compulsory prayer would be abhorrent. If it were proposed to make baptism or the Lord's supper obligatory by civil law, every soul to whom these ordinances are spiritual acts would protest. In its very nature, a religious act must be voluntary, and from the heart, else it becomes but a sacrilege. It is those who believe in the spirituality of religion, in a genuine experience in sacred things, based upon conscience and  conviction, who should protest the most vig-orously against the movement to unite re- ligion and the state. This movement is a blow aimed at all genuine religious expe- rience. The argument that would make the state religious goes as far as argument can to destroy personal religion. This principle was clearly stated by Alexander Vinet, pastor and professor, who led in the free-church movement in Switzerland. He wrote :Š If the state, as such, can possess a re-ligion, we assert that the individual thenceforward can have none, and that the smallest degree of religious liberty is an anti-social heresy. We defy anything to be granted to the state, unless everything be granted, or anything to be refused to it, unless everything be refused. Never, in fact, has a religion contracting alliance with the civil power entertained such a suicidal idea, nor is it possible that it should do so; but by consenting to such alliance, it has not the less sanctioned the principle that the state possesses a religious jurisdiction; and all that it grants to the state in this respect, it virtually takes from itself ; it places in the hands of the state the handle of the spiritual sword; it sur-renders its own independence to its discre-tioti, and, above all, it denaturalizes its pe-culiar characteristics; it accredits the idea of a collective and territorial religion ; it denies to conscience its supremacy; it leaves nothing supreme in man ; it wounds relig-ious conviction both in its life and in its principle. A constitution which makes the state re-ligious, makes the individual irreligious, inasmuch as he consents to such a constitu-tion. In vain will he declaim against dis-simulation and falsehood; there exists in the political order to which he adheres, a primary falsehood, in which, by virtue of his adhesion, he is an accomplice. Nor does this remain an abstract falsehood; it has practical results; it produces a long line of individual falsehoods. He who accepts it, accepts the civil power as the responsible ruler of his conscience, and charges the state to provide a religion for him. Moreover, it is impossible for us to re-gard this merely as a theory without con-sequences. This system, so hostile to the principle of religious profession, can arise only from contempt or forgetfulness of this principle. It has been established through the weakness of decay of convictions. What wonder, then, that its effects should cor- 