LIBERTY 1') England and Religious Freedom Tendencies That Bode III W. '1'. BARTLETT, EDITOR OF PRESENT TRUTH CIVIL and religious freedom in Eng-  Catholic and the Jew are welcome in the land has required centuries to grow to House of Commons, and only a very few its present stature, and many a life has of the highest offices in the realm are languished in a prison cell, or poured denied to them. itself out on a bloody scaffold, that this All the religious bodies have entire lib- freedom might not perish. To-day we erty in England to carry out their various enjoy the blessings of an almost perfect forms of worship, and all are protected liberty, so far as legal guaranties can therein by the law of the land. Here secure it to us. the Jew, fleeing from persecution on the Our navy is no longer recruited by the Continent, finds a peaceful asylum ; the old press-gang methods, and no one is Quaker grows wealthy and influential ; HOUSE OF COMMONS AND SPEAKER'S CHAIR forced into the ranks of our army by the " blood-tax " of conscription. Unfet-tered speech is the right of all; the social agitator is as free to proclaim his doc-trines on the street corners or by the printed page as the most respectable and orthodox defender of vested interests. No religious tests bar the doors of our great universities against the conscien-tious dissenter. It is no longer required of the candidate for municipal office that he receive the sacrament of the Lord's Supper, or subscribe to the articles of the Church of England. The Roman  the Salvation Army, with its big drum and brass band, marches through the streets and sets up its banner in the market-places. The Roman Catholic Church builds itself a great cathedral at Westminster, divides up the country among its archbishops and bishops as if England had fully returned to the papal allegiance, organizes processions, and does generally as it pleases. Religious orders, expelled from France and Portu-gal, establish themselves here on the choicest estates. Even the Mormon propagandists, when threatened with mob 