38 LIBERTY Yet men of science think that they can comprehend the wisdom Ł of God, that which he has done or can do. The idea largely prevails that he is restricted by his own laws. Men either deny or ignore his existence, or think to explain everything, even the operation of his Spirit upon the human heart; and they no longer reverence his name, or fear his power. They do not believe in the supernatural, not understanding God's laws, or his infinite power to work his will through them. As commonly used, the term " laws of nature " comprises what men have been able to discover with regard to the laws that govern the physical world ; but how limited is their knowledge, and how vast the field in which the Creator can work, in harmony with his own laws, and yet wholly be-yond the comprehension of finite beings ! Darwin or the Bible IN the Bible Student and Teacher for December appears an article by Rev. E. J. Gwynn, D. D., Ph. D., entitled " Darwin-ian Evolution or Genesis Š Which ? " The article was written as a reply to an address before the Ministerial Association of Philadelphia, delivered by Dr. H. G. Kribs, of the University of Pennsylvania. The object of the article was to show the baselessness of the evolutionary argu-ments from homology, which furnish no rational explanation of the intellectual and moral faculties of man. In his in-troduction Dr. Gwynn adverted to the ten-year search by two eminent scientists (Dallinger and Drysdale), with a micro-scope of five thousand diameters, for the origin of the evolutionary process and the discovery of the first steps in that proc-ess. But that microscopic search did not prove the " open sesame " to the secrets of an auto-creation. Concerning what they expected to find, Dr. Gwynn says : Š " If it were true, the God that could hide me so far back that it would require an eye five thousand times larger than my present eye to see the house in which my babyhood was nursed and rocked, and  from which his hand would pull me and trail me through living slime, along the albuminous substances of the ocean bed; on fin and tail hastened through waters dank and deep; and through air and with horizontal spine on the earth ; and then erect and with a higher head than any beast Š if it were all true, I still would make my journey to the grave upon my knees to worship at the shrine of a Deity in wisdom so transcendently matchless. But it makes one dizzy to think they lived so far back, and ,that such long and weary years expired ere man reached his present goal. What we know and see and feel and anticipate makes us exceeding sad that the Deity detained us so long at the intermediate stages. It goads and pricks exalted nature to reflect on the long, sporadic state ; the fetid, slimy crawl ; the prolonged swim ; the airy flight and song as lark or mock-ing-bird; the lowly writhings in the jun-gles; that for ages we gibbered in ape-dom : and out of all this eventful ancestry flowered into manhood ; and at last entered into companionship with a God who did it all ! . . Do Dallinger and Drysdale and others regard them-selves to be beings of such exalted and excellent stuff that it required three hun-dred millions of years to manufacture them and put them up in their present shape ; that every existence in nature's realm had to add a higher quality, to take off a tail and put on a fin, or take off a fin and put on a wing, or take off a wing and put on a foot, and softened down the bark and growl until it ripened into a voice that would vibrate like a harp strung with Apollo's golden hair? " Solomon asks, ' Is there any taste in the white of an egg?' But a more pregnant question is, Is there any struc-ture in the white of an egg? No human method has ever detected a structure ; yet, by the application of nothing save heat, the most elaborate structure is wrought out of it along lines rigorously predetermined, the mold of every new organ and development being implicit in the germ ; and that can only be true in the transcendental sense in which we can 