EDITORIAL An Illuminating Historical Lesson Concerning Religious Establishments IT is a singular historic fact that as soon as Christianity became popular in any nation, the tenets of the most nu-merous sect were incorporated into the organic law of the land. But such a union of religion with the civil government is incompatible with the teachings of the New Testament. This formerly universal custom of uniting the church and the state in so-called Chris-tian nations was not an outgrowth of true Christianity, but a practice borrowed from pagan nations, whose prevailing religions were always fostered by the civil governments. In pagan Rome " the Roman emperor was the supreme pontiff (Pontif ex Max-imus), the gods were national, and the priests were servants of the state." Dur-ing the papal supremacy in the Roman Empire the civil officers were subordi-nated to the authority of the ecclesiastical officers. The hierarchy laid claim to ab-solute power in heaven, on earth, and in hell, over the souls and bodies of all mankind. The spiritual officers assumed the right of coercion in religious, moral, and civil matters, the right of restrain-ing and forbidding the exercise of in-dividual reason and judgment, as a mor-tal sin against both church and state. They arrogated to themselves the sole right to interpret and enforce the doc-trines of Scripture; the right to govern human thought, human speech, human liberty in all things, in private as well as in public ; and the secular arm was called upon to do the bidding of the hier-archy as a means of compulsion or sub-j ugation. The kingdoms of Europe for many centuries were thus dominated by the religious autocracy. The churchmen were the politicians, the rulers, the ad- 100  ministrators, the judges of the courts, and even the generals of the armies in the wars of extermination against the heretics. They arrogated to themselves the absolute control of every avenue of human experience and development ; no continent or island could be discovered without the hierarchy's laying claim to it and demanding submission and revenue; no scientific theory could be advanced or discussed contrary to the teachings of the church; no general knowledge could be diffused for the edification and enlight-enment of the common people, without the permission of the superior officers of the church. In short, the church became the sole interpreter of divine revelation and the governor of all the concerns and rela-tions of life between God and man and between man and man, and consequently the jealous guardian and defender, not of human rights, but of religious and civil despotism. This arrogancy of claim and absolutism in the administration of supreme power and authority provoked a great controversy which ultimately broke out into open conflict, resulting in a victory for the cause of liberty for the individual conscience and for human rights. The marvel of all marvels is that this conflict between ecclesiastical power and human liberty failed to teach a last-ing lesson to the victors in the cause of freedom. The Fatal Error of the Reformers After the peoples and rulers had suc-cessfully revolted, through the Reforma-tion movement, against the usurpations and some of the glaring corruptions of the see of Rome, the Reformers com-mitted the fatal error of forming alli-ances between the Protestant churches 