108  LIBERTY are founded, on men's interest. The sta-bility of government requires that those who desire its continuance should be more powerful than those who desire its dis-solution. This power, of course, is not always to be measured by mere numbers. Education, wealth, talents, are all parts and elements of the general aggregate of honor ; but numbers, nevertheless, consti-tute ordinarily the most important con-sideration, unless indeed there be a mili-tary force, in the hands of the few, by which they can control the many. We are bound to maintain public lib-erty, and by the example of our own systems, to convince the world that order and law, religion and morality, the rights of conscience, the rights of persons, and  the rights of property, may all be pre-served and secured in the most perfec manner by a government entirely ana purely elective. If we fail in this, our disaster will be signal, and will fur-nish an argument, stronger than has yet been found, in support of those opinions which maintain that government can rest safely on nothing but power and coercion. As far as experience may show errors in our establishments, we are bound to correct them; and if any practices exist contrary to the principles of justice and humanity, within the reach of our laws or our influence, we are inexcusable if we do not exert ourselves to restrain and abolish them.  =au* 63:01 True Americans and American Principles  By W. M. Healey GEOGRAPHICALLY there are two Americas in the Western Hemisphere,Ñ North America and South America,Ñ and these are di-vided into varied governments. Politi-cally speaking, the United States of America is quite generally designated " America," and those who make up its cosmopolitan population are called Amer-.icans. From the anthropologist's view-point, the aborigines Ñ the Indians Ñmight be considered the Americans. In a political sense they are not counted; they are not consulted about treaties of peace nor asked for an opinion on the " League of Nations," though they might be as helpful in such matters as some of Ameri-ca's statesmen. The form of the United States Gov-ernment, together with its unequaled prosperity, has caused the eyes of the world to be focused upon this one spot of American soil. Nearly nineteen centuries ago the world heard, for the first time, the great truth that all mankind are created equal, that God made men of one blood to dwell on all the face of the earth. The church was told not to exercise authority over others, for " all ye are brethren." The church and the world combined against such teaching, and together cru-cified the Teacher who had dared to re-prove their ambitious lust for power to rule over their fellow men. This alliance for power between the church and the world grew more and more compact un-til, not content with killing Christ, they put to death untold millions of the best citizens of earthly governments and the devoted subjects of the kingdom of heaven, because they taught and prac-tised the teachings of the humble Gali-lean, that all men are created equal. The United States of America was the first earthly government to be based on 