2 LIBERTY sible to believe; and we protest against any effort on the part of any man or organiza-tion of men to enforce their beliefs upon others. However desirable it may seem to some who profess the Christian faith to se-cure at least an outward appearance of con-formity to religious observances, we are confident that all such efforts result only in inflicting injury upon the cause of re-ligion. We discern an impending danger to free institutions in the persistent efforts to com-mit our national government to some act of legislation which will decide a religious controversy, and we invite the co-operation of all lovers of religious liberty and the rights of conscience in a constant protest against any such step. It was never more true than now that " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." Let every reader of this magazine make his influence felt on the right side. Too Much Legislation ON a recent public occasion Justice Brewer, of the United States Supreme Court, expressed himself thus : Š There is too much legislation. I don't believe in legislation as a panacea for all evils. You can't legislate a man into heaven. An application of this sound principle might profitably be made in dealing with the demand for Sunday laws. Drink and Crime IN a recent Congressional hearing upon the question of prohibition for the District of Columbia, Warden Harris, of the Dis-trict jail, said: Š It is my judgment, based upon ten years' experience, that nine tenths of all crime committed for which persons are incar-cerated in the jail is directly or indirectly because of the use of strong drink. My report shows at times more than five hun-dred prisoriers in the jail, which has cells for only three hundred. More than two hundred of these cells contain two prison-ers. The cells are exceedingly small, and were never intended to have more than one prisoner in each. If it were impossible for this class of prisoners to obtain strong drink, the present size of the jail would be  sufficient, and save the cost of the new jail which Congress is being urged to build as soon as possible. This testimony is not exceptional, but could be duplicated in almost every State in the country. Why should the business of producing criminals be protected by law? Sin and Crime IN the study of the many questions which pertain to the proper relation of church and state, it is essential that we have in mind a clear distinction between sin and crime. Sin and crime are quite distinct. Sin is the transgression of the law of God. Crime is the transgression of the law of man. A sin may or may not be a crime. A man may be an exceedingly vile sinner, and yet not be a criminal. In his heart he may covet money, but he does not allow his covetous-ness to lead him to steal, and for the offense be convicted as a criminal. He may have a corrupt, licentious heart, and though a great sinner, not be known as a criminal. Should he, however, allow his impure de-sires to lead him to commit some act of violence for which the law could seize him, he would thus become a criminal. A person may be made a criminal for some act which is not a sin. The Hebrews in the fiery furnace were criminals in the eyes of the law, but not sinners in the eyes of the Lord. Daniel in the lions' den was a criminal, but not a sinner. Paul and Silas in the Philippian jail, with their feet in the stocks, were criminals, but not sinners. Peter, in the dungeon, was a criminal, but God's servant, delivered by an angel. Herod, making an oration from his throne, was called a god. Though not a criminal, he was at heart a monster of iniquity. The state can never rightfully punish sin. First, because to punish it the secrets of the heart must be known, and to secure these the Inquisition must be set up to secure by torture, that which the victim does not choose to reveal. And, second, the state can never determine the exact punishment which should be meted out for sin. Sab-bath-breaking, for instance, is sin. But 