LIBERTY 59 How, it may be asked, is the health, comfort, safety, or welfare of society to be injuriously affected by keeping open a barber shop on Sunday? It is a matter of com-mon observation that the barber business as carried on in this State [Illinois], is both quiet and orderly. . . . Moreover, if the merchant, the grocer, the butcher, the drug-,  gist, and those engaged in other trades and callings, are allowed to open their places of business and carry on their respective avocations during seven days of the week, upon3 what principle can it be held that a person who may be engaged in the business of barbering may not do the same thing? Why should a discrimination be made against that calhng, and that alone? Š Illinois Supreme Court Decision on Unconstitutionality of Sunday Laws, Illinois Reports 161, pp. 296, 309. The Same Principle Involved Now It is true that just nowŁ Congress is not asked to suspend the carrying of the mails on Sunday, but the principle in-volved is exactly the same. The demand now made is that certain work be pro-hibited on Sunday in the District of Co-lumbia. But why prohibit ? Is it because there is anything wrong with the work per se? Š By no means ; the only reason that exists or that can be assigned is the fact of the religious character of the day. Some people want to rest and worship upon that day, therefore others of the same trade shall not work ! The measures so proposed are only the thin edge of the wedge, and, in the words of Hon. Richard M. Johnson, If the principle be once " admitted, it may be justly apprehended that the future meas-ures of the government will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled, by the same influence." For "if the princi-ple is once established that religion, or religious observances, shall be interwoven with our legislative acts, we must pursue it to its ultimatum." The Nature of Civil Holidays It may be said, however, that the ground and object of the proposed legis-lation is not religious, but civil ; and that to forbid labor or business within certain hours and upon certain days, is only a legitimate exercise of the police powers of the government. But let us not as-sume that which is sadly in need of rroof. We have various legal holidays  Š days that are for legal purposes dies non; but nobody is forbidden to sell goods or to perform labor upon such days. The barber may keep open shop all day on Thanksgiving, Christmas, Fourth of July, etc., if he wishes. Why deny him the same liberty on Sunday ? There is no reason, aside from its re-ligious character and the customs grow-ing out of the supposed sacredness that in the minds of many attaches to the day. Clearly this is a field that the Congress of the United States should not enter. Such a measure has not only the religious feature necessarily present in every pro-posed law to prohibit Sunday labor or business, but it has in it another feature little less objectionable, namely, class legislation. Speaking to a similar ques-tion some years ago, Senator Bailey of Texas said : Š I am not disposed to allow any class of peo-ple to come to the legislative assemblies of the country to settle controversies between them and their employees. . . . So far as I am concerned, I am not disposed to allow any class to come and ask for a law that inter-feres with some man who wants to pursue his calling, simply because some other man does not want to pursue it.ŠCongressional Record, Ian. 26, Iwo. Will the Sixty-Fourth Congress Prove True to Principle? Every Congress has refused such leg-islation in the past. It is to be hoped that the Sixty-fourth Congress will follow the excellent example of its predecessors. The legislation asked for is not for the purpose of safeguarding natural rights, Any proposition to pass Sunday legislation in the District of Columbia is a direct violation of the positive prohibitions of the Constitution, against the spirit of our insti-tutions, and against the policy heretofore maintained by the federal government.Š The Journal (official organ of Knights of Labor). 