130 LIBERTY dictate to the state, or to use the state for the furtherance of its own ends, it may expect criticism and opposition from those who really believe in the actual separation between the church and the state. LIBERTY asks the Roman Catholic  Church and every other church to pro-claim the gospel of the kingdom of God, just as Jesus did (Mark I : 14), and not to meddle with politics. Members of churches should act as citizens, but let us not seek to establish a theocracy. IV ME tV The Survey In the United States IT is not a little significant that in this century of boasted liberty, and in this country whose watchword is liberty, there should have been published re-cently by a noted man, R. Fulton Cut-ting, a book whose specific object is a union of church and state in the United States. Mr. Cutting is the founder of the Bureau of Municipal Research, and president of the New York Association for the Improvement of the Condition of the Poor Summed up in a sentence, Mr. Cutting finds that the social better-ment of the race needs a closer union of church and state in this country' than it has had since it became a republic. That he is speaking of such a union of church and state as obtained in the dark ages, is proved by suchŁ expressions as this : " In the middle ages the monasteries were the refuges to which flocked the poor, the suffering, the widow, and the orphan. In fact, all who were oppressed found within their walls a refuge. The church through her religious orders was the educator of society. In the monastic life indeed was the germ of modern de-mocracy that was at length to find its opportunity in the organization of so-ciety consequent upon the teachings of Luther and Calvin. The church must Christianize civilization practically, and the civil authorities of the democratic state are the tools she has herself so aptly fashioned. She has tried criti-cising them, ignoring them, battling with them, trying to capture them. She has yet to try cooperation with them, recog- of the Field nizing them as her agents, for the de-velopment of the citizenship which is in heaven." This proposition to turn the civilization of the present back to that of the dark ages, and to place the liberties of the people in the hands of a church-ruled state, is one of the boldest propo-sitions yet put forward by the church-and-state element in this country. It would have been laughed out of court a few years ago; but the trend of the great religious organizations to-day is so strongly in that direction that the prop Ł osition excites little or no adverse com ment. It is a sign of the times. From various parts of the country have come reports of activity on the part of those who would enforce or make more rigid Sunday laws, and of prose-cutions or attempted prosecutions of those who were charged with the viola-tion of such laws. The Gaelic Associa-tion of Athletic Clubs has joined in the crusade for the rigid enforcement of every blue-law in the State of Connect-icut. This is done, it is stated, with the object of making them so obnoxious to the people that they will ask for their repeal. Recently the marshal of Balti-more and his one thousand policemen gathered a harvest of names of those who had in any way violated the provi-sions of Maryland's drastic blue-laws. On the day in question one man, Abra-ham Robdell, was arrested for the out-rageous crime of delivering bread on Sunday. There has been an attempt in the District of Columbia to make the law pro 