26 48 LIBERTY LIBERTY The Official Organ of the Religious Liberty Bureau Department of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists WASHINGTON, D. C., FIRST QUARTER, 1909 Subscription price - 25 cents a year To foreign countries 35 " " Published Quarterly by REVIEW & HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. Takoma Park Station, Washington, D. C. Entered as second-class matter, May 1, 1906, at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the act of Congress of March 3. 1879. WHILE we hope that all the articles in this number of LIBERTY will command a thoughtful reading, we invite special at-tention to those which present the facts concerning the Federal Council of Churches and interpret the meaning of this movement. In view of the avowed purpose of this organization, we feel fully justified in designating it as " A Dangerous Combination." Its attitude toward liberty of conscience is consid-ered in the somewhat lengthy article en-titled " The American Church and the American Sabbath." Ł SINCE the article in the body of this magazine, dealing with the situation in California, was prepared, the assembly has convened, and within a few days of the opening of the session three Sunday bills and a constitutional amendment to make them effective were introduced. In opposition to these measures, a mon-ster petition, with 35,535 names at-tached, was presented to the assembly from the Pacific Religious Liberty As-sociation, asking the legislature to re-frain from passing any form of Sunday legislation. This is the largest petition ever presented to the California Legis- lature. It is plain that a vigorous cam-paign will be carried on to secure the enactment of a Sunday law in Califor-nia, the only State in which such legis-lation in one form or another is not already upon the statute-books. We hope to report this campaign and its results in the next issue of this mag-azine. IN this number of LIBERTY we intro-duce a new department, Religion and Science. This enlarges our field of work, so that hereafter we shall consider not only the relation between religion and civil government, but also the relation between religion and science. The calm assurance with which scientists are au-thoritatively denying the claims of reve-lation, and the confidence with which they are asserting the conclusions of science, constitute a sufficient reason for entering this field of discussion. \Ve stand for the emancipation of religion from the dogmatism of science. IN addition to the large and influen-tial movements in behalf of Sunday observance to which specific reference is made in this number of LIBERTY, there have been during the last quarter an unusual number of efforts, covering a wide extent of territory, to enforce existing Sunday laws or to secure the passage of ordinances requiring the peo-ple to pay some sort of regard to Sun-day. Those who are taking note of these things, must be impressed with the significance of this wide-spread and growing sentiment in favor of the en-forced observance of the first day of the week. We have already attempted to interpret the meaning of this ten-dency toward the restriction of religious liberty, and we invite all citizens of every class to an earnest study of this question. 