8 LIBERTY A Notable Hearing TWENTY-ONE years ago last month, Dec. 13, 1888, occurred a notable hear- ing in Congress on the famous Blair Sunday Rest bill. At this hearing both the friends and the opponents of the bill were heard; and many strong arguments for and against the measure, and for and against Sunday legislation in general, were made. Much interest was mani-fested in the hearing, and much hung upon the issueŠwhether Congress would disregard the principle so clearly set forth in the Constitution in its provision pro-hibiting the passing of any religious law. Through the arguments made at this and a previous hearing held April 6, and a monster petition alleged to represent over fourteen million people, the friends of the measure sought to bring tremen-dous pressure to bear upon Congress to secure its passage. The bill, however, failed to receive the approval of the committee to which it had been referred, and died with the Congress in which it had been intro-duced. In an amended form Š with some of 'its more glaringly conspicuous religious features and terminology left out Š it was reintroduced Dec. 9, 1889, but again failed to get out of committee. The hearing made one hundred fifty-one pages of closely printed matter, and was published as a public document and widely scattered throughout the country. During an argument against the pro-posed legislation, by Mr. A. T. Jones, continuing some ninety minutes, Sen-ator Blair, the chairman of the commit-tee, interrupted the speaker with ques-tions and remarks no less than one hundred sixty-nine times, or on an aver-age of nearly twice a minute, but three times was forced to confess that he was " logical all the way through." The friends of religious liberty and of the principles underlying the national Constitution have reason to be grateful  that notwithstanding the fact that about fifty measures of this kind have been in-troduced into the national legislature since then, Congress has not yet yielded to the demand from the misguided church element for legislation of this character and passed a compulsory Sun- day law. w. A. C. Persecution a Good Thing ON the occasion of a recent semian-nual dinner of a popular church club in one of our Eastern cities, there were in attendance leading churchmen and dis-tinguished jurists. The meeting was held for the purpose of encouraging the church to become a greater force in the realm of civil law. The gathering was a significant one, when we consider the fact that such emi-nent representatives of both the church and the state were assembled for the purpose of discussing an issue that un-mistakably tends toward a union of church and state in this country. Men-tion is made of only those who made addresses, except to say that all the mem-bers of the state judiciary were present, save one. Here were the common-wealth's chief justice and his associates on the judicial bench, the Episcopal bishop of the State, a number of doctors of divinity, the president of a mission college in China, an " honorable " from the nation's metropolis, etc., etc. The most striking feature at this gathering was the address made by a chief justice. From the press report of the gathering we quote : Š This distinguished jurist beg;n: his address with the remark that " on, ',light to feel safe where the law and the gospel meet." The speaker characterized the church as one of the greatest forces for good in civilization, as well as in law. He thought the persecution of the early church was for the good of the present generation, since the persecution of the church had brought to America many 