Post Office and Federal Building, Les Angeles, Cal. The Los Angeles Sunday Law Defeated Two to One By W. F. Martin SOME months ago the city of Los Angeles passed a typical Sunday law. This was enacted at the instigation of the bakers' union and other unions or parts of unions. The subject was not very much agitated previous to this, but when the people of the city woke up to the fact that their council had passed what they termed a " blue law," there was a great deal of indignation manifested. Many protests were sent to the city council. Delega-tions opposing the law came before the council a number of times and presented their argu- ments against the unjust measure.  ¥ On the other hand, the proponents of the law were active in their efforts. The leading ministers of the city appealed to the council not to listen to the petition, but to enforce the law. Those who agitated, threatened the coun-cil with the recall. It was argued by some that it was the wording of the bill which had stirred np the enmity, and that the people of Los An-geles were not opposed to Sunday legislation. The original law was consequently repealed and a new one enacted. This found no better favor than the original. As the November elec-tion drew on, it was decided by the council to leave the matter to the voters of the city. A sample Sunday law was enacted by the council to be voted on. The great dailies of the city of Los Angeles were nearly all opposed to the proposed measure. About this time the epidemic of influenza came to the city, and prevented a heavy vote on election d a y . T h e final returns showed that 26,390 people voted f o r t h e Sunday law and 50,586 against i t . The measure was thus lost by a majority of 24,196. Thus Los Angeles retains its place in the ranks of lib-erty lovers. This is no new experience for the city, nor, in fact, is it such for the whole State of California. In 1914 the people of California rejected a similar Sunday measure by a major-ity of 167,211. At that time the city of Los Angeles gave a majority of 28,405 against the State measure. It is a pleasure to know that in nearly every instance where such measures have been voted upon by the people, Sunday legislation has lost. The American people are not ready to give over into the hands of others their privilege of working. Those who desire t do so can close their places on Sunday, and should be protected in that right. If the barbers and grocers of Los Angeles are really desirous of closing their shops, they certainly have the privilege of do-ing so. No one would force them to keep open. They have now a good opportunity to show their real loyalty to the cause which was so deci-sively defeated. It remains to be seen whether they have the courage of the conviction. Sunday legislation is always inconsistent. It is not in the interest of the workingmen. Even this latest of proposed Sunday laws is no ex-ception to the above statement. While it closed grocery stores and bakeshops, it left restau-rants, lunch stands, fruit stands, places for the sale of ice cream, theaters, and many other places open. It was altogether arbitrary in its requirements, and opposed to the basic princi-ples of true Americanism. May the good people of California always jealously guard their own rights and those of their fellow men. tt WE are Christians and believe not only in Christian morals, but in active, aggressive Christianity. We do not believe, however, in enforcing Christianity by civil law. The in-stitutions of Christianity are for Christians only. Christian baptism, Christian Communion, Christian belief, the weekly Chris-tian rest, etc., are all good and help-ful, but they are good only for Christians. What value could there possibly be in en-forced baptism, or i n  a statute-im- posed celebration of the Lord's Supper/ or in a state-compelled profession of Christianity/ Ñ None whatever. Nor is there any more benefit derived from a state-imposed, statute-enforced weekly rest day. The Lord invites willing service. He accepts no other. The state is not warranted in using its powers to compel any form or any measure of devotion to the divine Being. Church and state must be kept separate if our liberties are to be preserved. 11 