LIBERTY 29 The Early Christians and the Civil Power THE practise of the Christians for the first three centuries of our era was in con-formity with the principles laid down by Christ and expanded by Paul. They obeyed all laws relating to civic matters, paid their taxes, performed all services required by the state, and were good citizens, kind neighbors, and exemplary husbands and fathers; but they disobeyed all laws passed in constraint of conscience. The apostle Paul set them the example of obeying all laws which the state had a right to enact ; and at the same time of suffering stripes, imprisonment, and death in maintenance of the rights of conscience. In these centu-ries, the Christians, it is believed, did not once invoke the aid of the civil power to enforce their opinions or protect their re-ligious rights. By this course they gained a moral in-fluence and power which made them the admiration of the world, and made it ex-pedient for the emperor to avail himself of their aid to govern the empire. He appealed to the worldly ambition of the clergy. The union of church and state under Constantine, abcut A. D. 313, was the signal for the rapid development of the elements of religious decay, and for the worldly aggrandizement of the church dignitaries.ŠGen. Birney, in "Functions of the Church and State Distinguished." Alexander Campbell on Sunday Legislation THERE is not a precept in the New Testa-ment to compel by civil law any man who is not a Christian, to pay any regard to the Lord's day, any more than to any other day. Therefore to compel a man who is not a Christian to pay any regard to the Lord's day, more than to any other day, is with-out the authority of the Christian religion. The gospel commands no duty which can be performed without faith in God. " What-soever is not of faith is sin." But to compel men destitute of faith, to observe any Christian institution, such as the Lord's day, is commanding a duty to be performed without faith in God. Therefore to command unbelievers, or natural men, to observe in any sense the Lord's day is anti-evangelical, or contrary to the gospel.Š"Memoirs," Vol. I, p. 528. Christian Temperance What is ulna " Wine is a mocker, strong drink is ra-ging: and whosoever is deceived thereby is not wise." Prov. 20: I. For what should men eat and drink? " Blessed art thou, 0 land, when thy king is the son of nobles, and thy princes eat in due season, for strength, and not for drunkenness." Eccl. Jo: 17. What is one of the evil results of drunk-enness and overeating? " Be not among wine bibbers; among riotous eaters of flesh : for the drunkard and the glutton shall come to poverty." Prov. 23:20, 21. What effect does licentiousness and wine have upon the morals? " Whoredom and wine and new wine take away the heart." Hosea 4: II. What are common accompaniments of intemperance? " Who hath woe? who hath sorrow? who hath contentions? who hath babbling? who hath wounds without cause? who hath redness of eyes? They that tarry long at the wine; they that go to seek mixed wine." Prov. 23: 29. How do intoxicants serve one in the end? " Look not thou upon the wine when it is red, when it giveth its color in the cup, when it moveth itself aright. At the last it biteth like a serpent, and stingeth like an adder." Prov. 23: 31, 32. What will drunkards with other workers of iniquity never inherit? " Neither fornicators, nor idolaters, . . . nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, . . . shall inherit the kingdom of God." Cor. 6:9, 1o. What does God say of those who are in-strumental in making. men drunk? " Woe unto him that giveth his neighbor drink, that puttest the bottle to him, and makest him drunken." Hab. 2: 15. What example on temperance did Daniel give the zcorldf " Daniel purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with the portion of the king's meat, nor with the wine which he drank." Dan. I : 8. For what food and drink did he ask? " Let them give us pulse to eat, and water to drink." Dan. I: 12. Concerning what did Paul reason before 