The True Basis of Civil Law Justifies the Elimination of the Liquor Traffic ELIHU, MANY good people not among the in-temperate class look with disfavor on every effort legally to suppress the liq-uor traffic, believing that such a measure would interfere with personal rights. We recommend the following thoughts to the careful attention of all such, feel-ing sure none will fail to see in the true basis of civil ,law the real foundation of the right of prohibition. All just civil law is an authoritative expression, by civil government, of per-sonal human rights. Every true law ex-ists first of all in the personal authority of the individual. No political, social, or religious organization can create or generate or secure any new rights or authority which did not first exist in the individual persons constituting the organization. So all human rights and rights of human organizations are the personal, God-given rights that come as a birthright to every soul, and no indi-vidual or association of individuals be-cause of organization has any excess of rights or privileges before the law over any other individual or class, no matter what its social, financial, or religious standing may be. What, then, are these inalienable hu-man rights ? Defense of Life First of all, every person has a right to preserve, secure, and defend his own life or the life of any other person. Fail-ing in this, he becomes guilty before his Creator and his fellows. Especially is this seen in the matter of defense. If one fails to 'defend the helpless when life in endangered, he is scorned and detested by his fellows. In this matter of defense he is sometimes justified in the eyes of the law for slaying the ag-gressor. In some cases if he fails to defend his fellow, he is accounted a par-taker in the crime. JR. Defense of Property Every one has a full and perfect right to defend his property from any and all attacks. " If a thief be found breaking up, and be smitten that he die, there shall no blood be shed for him," says the law of Moses. If the neighbors' property or community property is endangered, the obligation is none the less imperative. Again, under some circumstances, fail-ure to defend would make a man par-taker in the crime. Defense of Chastity It is the prerogative and duty of every man to defend his own family and the families of others from all impure at-tacks. The man who fails to do this is counted a villain or a weakling for whom no good word can be spoken. The woman who fails to defend herself to the extent of her ability is counted little bet-ter than a harlot. In all these cases the individual right of defense is paramount to all action of the civil powers, and the unwritten law justifies the defender. Defense of Reputation and Character Here is a field of defense over which there is no chance for argument. It is not permissible to do bodily injury in re-turn for slander or reproach, but every man's best defense is a correct life and the setting forth of the facts of his best behavior. Then the civil law permits the levying of damages where it is shown that the slander has proved a financial loss to the assailed. This line of de-fense lies very close to defense of prop-erty, for the best business asset any man can have is a good reputation and char-acter. The True Basis These rights to defend life, property, chastity, and reputation form the basis for all civil law. There are no personal rights that may not be legitimately clas- 127 