28 LIBERTY was denominated by an influential jour-nal " a striking and noteworthy docu-ment." The memorial was presented in both houses of Congress on Jan-uary 29. The Seventh-day Baptists also prepared a strong memorial against the passage of the bill. Its passage by the Senate on May 15 leaves only the action of the House standing between our country as our fathers founded it, and our country on the back track to-ward medievalism, spiritual tyranny, and persecution for conscience' sake. More than that, the position of the House can hardly be considered enigmatical, inas-much as the House has already commit-ted itself to legislation of this kind. One hundred thirty-two years ago this nation shook off the shackles of soul-thraldom, and emerged into the daylight of religious liberty. To-day she is halt-ing on her way, more than half decided to turn her face back into the darkness again. The action of the House on Sen-ate bill 3940 will determine her course. Is It of National Significance W. A. COLCORD WHEN the matter of passing such a measure as the Johnston Sunday bill for the District of Columbia is presented to the people throughout the country for consideration, not infrequently we are met with the question as to what concern congressional legislation for the Dis-trict of Columbia is to the people of the States. At first thought, the view that such legislation is of no concern to the people of the States may seem quite natural and consistent ; and it would doubtless be true, in large measure at least, with reference to congressional legislation for the District respecting ordinary matters. But in this case it is not true, because there is a principle involved in this proposed legislation which concerns all the people,Šthe prin-ciple of religious legislation. Congress has never yet entered the realm of religion to the extent of pass-ing a compulsory religious law. It has  never yet passed a law compelling any one to keep Sunday. For it to do so will be a new thing in this country and for this nation. While the Johnston Sunday bill relates only to the District of Columbia, the question whether Congress has a right to legislate upon religious matters concerns, and very vitally concerns, the whole peo-ple of this country and every person in it. The principle is the same whether Congress makes a law for only the Dis-trict of Columbia or for the whole coun-try. If it can legislate upon religious matters for one section of the country, it can do so for all sections. If it can compel the people of the District of Columbia to keep Sunday, it can com-pel the people in other parts of the country to keep it. If the passage of a District Sunday law has no national significance, and concerns only the people of the District, why is it that the Sunday-law workers throughout the country have been so anxious and so insistent that a Sunday law should be passed for the District of Columbia? At the annual meeting of the Federation of Sunday-rest Associa-tions of America, held in Philadelphia in May, 1907, action was taken recommend-ing the various societies embraced in the federation to send in petitions to Con-gress urging that " an efficient Sunday law " for the District of Columbia be passed. That the recommendation was acted upon, the following, from the Liter-ary Digest of Oct. 3, 1908, is evidence : Š "Acting under the direction of the federation, the committee on petitions secured a large number of petitions ad-dressed to Congress and the president and cabinet officers, signed by two mil-lion persons, in the interest of the bet-ter observance of Sunday. Among the things attempted was the securing of a Sunday law for the District of Colum-bia, which would prohibit unnecessary business, such as the selling of candies, cigars, etc., as well as labor, and that no exception be made on account of re-ligion." 