LIBERTY 11 " Christianity is the prevailing faith of our people," and " the basis of our civil-ization ; " and that it was as natural that its spirit should " infuse itself into and humanize our laws " as that " the na-tional sentiment of liberty should find expression in the legislation of the coun-try," at the same time denying that Sun-day laws are religious, or, to his percep-tion, in conflict with the constitutional provisions guaranteeing the right to ac-quire property, and " the free exercise and enjoyment of religious profession and worship, without discrimination or preference." Opposed to this view, Chief Justice Terry, who wrote the prevailing opinion of the court, said : " The enforced ob-servance of a day held sacred by one of the sects, is a discrimination in favor of that sect, and a violation of the freedom of the others. . . . Considered as a mu-nicipal regulation, the legislature has no right to forbid or enjoin the lawful pur-suit of a lawful occupation on one day of the week, any more than it can forbid it altogether." 9 Calif., 502. Law of 1861 Upheld In 1861 the Legislature enacted an-other law " for the observance of the sabbath," similar to the law of 1858. In the same year another case, that of ex parte Andrews, 18 Calif., 678, was carried to the Supreme Court of the State under this law, and the former de-cision was reversed, Justice Field's dis-senting opinion in the former case now being approved, and the law therefore being sustained. Justice Field had now become chief justice. Law of 1880 Set Aside In 1880 a law making the baking of bread from 6 P. M. Saturday till 6 P. M. Sunday unlawful, was passed " to reg-ulate and provide for a day of rest in certain cases." In the same year this law in the case of ex parte Westerfield, 55 Calif., 55o, was declared unconstitutional  by the State Supreme Court, on the ground of its being class legislation, and therefore in conflict with section 25 of the State Bill of Rights. A State-Wide Campaign In 1882 the question of enforcing the State Sunday law Š a combination, under various amendments and codifica-tions, of the laws of 1855 and i861 Šwas widely agitated throughout the State, and became a political issue. An attempt was made to enforce the law. Hundreds were arrested; the courts were flooded with cases of prosecutions; every one prosecuted, demanded a jury trial; the juries would not convict; and the law proved itself obnoxious and a dead letter. Both the leading political parties in-serted planks in their platforms (the fifth in each) respecting the law, the Demo-crats demanding its repeal, the Republi-cans, its retention. The daily papers dis-cussed the question pro and con. The San Francisco Daily Examiner of Sept. 1, 1882, said : " The law is inoperative, and its repeal would only lop off a dead branch from the tree of legislation. Sun-day would remain just what it is now." Judge D. 0. Shattuck said the anti-Sun-day-law plank in the Democratic plat-form should be withdrawn, or made " the important question of the campaign," and added : " It raises the most important question that has ever been submitted for our decision, to wit : Shall we repeal or ignore one of the ten commandments of God ?"Š San . Francisco Morning Call, Aug. 27, 1882. The church people took up the fight, and ministerial associations passed strong resolutions in favor of the law. The Methodist Conference of Cal-ifornia, in session at San Francisco, Sept. 26, 1882, Bishop Hurst presiding, passed a resolution stating that " any attempt to abolish or change the day is an attempt to destroy the national life; that the civil sabbath in the republican state depends upon the ballots of the citizens ; that it is 