1917, some thought it must be just what they claimed for it,Š merely a labor measure to give the barbers, the butch- ers, and the grocers a day of rest. The nature of an evil is not changed, however, by a change of its supporters. Sunday as a day of rest had its origin in religious dogma, and to compel its observance is to enforce a religious doctrine, whether it be done by a preacher or by some one who was never even suspected of having any religion. A law is not needed to enable the barbers and others to close their places of business on Sunday. They can close on Sunday now if they choose to do so. The law was really wanted to compel those to close business on Sunday who do not want to do so. The spirit of the proponents of the law was, We want to and can close. You refuse to, but we will compel you to do what we want to do. It soon became apparent that there was not sufficient strength in the party California Legislature --- Against --- Religious Legislation By WILLIAM MAYHEW HEALEY MANY efforts to obtain a Sunday law in California have been openly made by representatives of religious bodies since A. D. 1883, when the former law was repealed. California legislators have been chary about making laws of a religious char-acter, regarding them as unconstitutional and unsafe. To overcome this difficulty, secular organizations were appealed to, and efforts made to arouse them to ask for a Sunday-rest law. In this they met with a degree of success, especially among the union barbers. In the legislature of 1917 a Sunday-rest measure was introduced into both houses. It was called a labor measure, and its principal advocate was a repre-sentative of the barbers' union. The chief supporters of the bill in the assem-bly, where it was discussed, were those who advocated the open saloon. They were sometimes called the " whisky ring." No " preachers " appeared at any time to speak for the bill, although i t s Sunday-rest features were al-most identical with the measure advocated by re-ligious teachers in 1914, which was defeated by a vote of the people by a majority of 167,211. Judging by the class of people appearing as proponents of this latest advocating the Sunday-rest bill to pass Sunday bill, that of the present year, it in the assembly, even if the party were 85 THE CALIFORNIA STATE CAPITOL 