LIBERTY 189 progress and his prowess by pyramids of human skulls. Secure in his revolting infamy and isolation, unrivaled even by Caligula of old or Leopold of modern times, this Asiatic monster dips his spear afresh in human blood, and writes his name highest among the ancients in pan-demonium's black hall of fame. But, like another Jenghiz Khan, without one gleam of conscience to restrain, and with-out one bright spot in all its haunting history, stands the horrible form of the legalized saloon, building its own pyra-mid of human skulls ; crowding our asy-lums ; fighting our churches ; debauching our government ; blighting' our homes ; and throwing over the hearts and hopes of millions of women and children a pall of cruel and unending night. Convicted In the presence of these appalling facts we are forced to the inevitable conclusion that Uncle Sam stands convicted to-day before the bar of reason as the most gi-gantic illustration of monumental incon-sistency among all the nations of the earth. In his attitude toward humanity at large and his own children at home, he mingles more of " kingly kindness " and consuming cruelty than mortal man can understand, or statesmen dare ex-plain. Let pestilence sweep some dis-tant shore, and the American government backs the Red Cross evangels on their errands of human deliverance ; let fam-ine, with all its horrors, fall upon China or southern Russia, where Š " On pallet of straw age rests its head, And blue-lipped children cry for bread," and the prows of our grain ships part the waters as fast as steam makes pos-sible, bearing bread to the starving and comfort to the dying. In our own land, where yellow fever threatens or the great white plague is eating away the hopes and happiness of thousands, our govern-ment votes millions of dollars to stamp out death-dealing disease. And yet, for the sake of so much " hush money," paid cash in hand, our government deliberately sells the privilege to kill her own chil- dren Š sells it while looking with stony stare into the millions of hearts it will crush, and into the millions of homes whose portals it will darken. And, to cap the climax, not content with the sick-ening paternalism of shame, our govern-ment offers a monumental insult to her own children by going into States and communities where sovereign decency has driven out the saloon, and .encoura-ging the violation of law,Š encouraging it by allowing the shipment of liquor into territory that has voted to be free, and by saying to the lawless venders in these same communities : " Pay me for my internal revenue license, and I will shut my eyes while you and your home authorities fight it out." There Is a Remedy Ladies and gentlemen, how shall we deal with this colossal crime of all the ages? Is there a remedy for it? I an-swer, Yes ; and I submit to you that the remedy is nation-wide prohibition, and that the first step toward its realization is State-wide prohibition. And the rem-edy will come, when our political leaders shall become our moral leaders as well, and when every man shall wrap a reg-nant conscience around a spotless ballot, and fight back every cringing coward and every shameful compromise in the con-quering battle for a stainless flag ! Sentiment They tell us that ours is a battle waged by sentimentalists. Ah, intrepid knights in the holiest chivalry the world has ever seen, remember that " sentiment has shotted every gun that has spouted fire in the name of liberty, and nerved every arm that .ever struck in the name of truth and justice." It was sentiment that bathed Marathon and Plata in blood ; it was sentiment that gave Sparta her living walls ; it was sentiment that rang the Liberty Bell and fired the shot at Lexington ; it was sentiment that bared every loyal breast that marched from Bull Run to Appomattox Š whether standing bravely with McClellan and Grant, or spilling the blood of heroes in 