94 LIBERTY clothes men, who were members of a reli-gious society modeled on a plan after the strictest sect of the Pharisees. Think of it ! The candy man can sell a pound of candy on Sunday, but the grocer cannot sell a pound of sugar. What fine dis-tinctions ! What insight into the secret recesses of a man's motives these men possess ! Is it any wonder Christ pro-nounced such dire woes upon the self-righteous Pharisees and their hypocrit-ical doings ? What would he say of these modern experts at the game? L. Sunday and Prohibition ANENT the shooting in Tangier, Va., April 11, growing out of an attempt to enforce a local Sun-day ordinance, the Baltimore Sun says : " Why should the Tangier Island church cor-poration be rebuked and held up to scorn when the church corporation that rules in Washing-ton is applauded by many persons for proceeding on the same principle? A small section of the church has incorporated itself in the Eighteenth Amendment as a part of the Constitution. It is a crime not only on Sunday, but on every other day, to order one's own personal habits and mode of life. Tangier only prohibits loaf-ing on Sundays. The prohibition church says to one hundred million people that they shall not get gay on any day. And prohibition con-stables are ready to enforce this edict with their guns." Now notwithstanding numerous at-tempts to show a parallel between Sun-day laws and prohibition of the liquor traffic, we submit that they have little in common. Were it not for the religious character of Sunday, there would be no laws regulating conduct upon that day more than upon the Fourth of July, Thanksgiving, or Christmas. Such leg-islation is enacted and such laws are main-tained primarily because a great many people believe that there is a moral obli-gation resting upon everybody to treat Sunday in a way different from the man-ner in which they treat other days. But this is not true of prohibition of the liquor traffic. The great, funda-mental reasons justifying prohibition  are civil, not moral or religious. China has prohibited the traffic in, and the growing use of, opium solely because the drug was working havoc among the people. During the recent Great War, Russia, England, and France all adopted war-time prohibition for the same reason. The great reasons moving the people to adopt prohibition in this country were, (1) To - remove a corrupt and corrupt-ing influence from politics ; (2) to pre-vent the physical ruin of thousands upon thousands of young men every year; (3) to protect from poverty and its effects the families of drinking men ; (4) to re-lieve the public from an enormous and needless expense in the care of criminals, insane, and paupers; (5) to remove a serious menace to life and property. The editors of our great and influen-tial papers know all this ; why do they not candidly acknowledge it instead of obscuring the real issue as they some- times do ? B. A Glaring Inconsistency HE Southern Baptist Association made a splendid pronouncement upon the subject of the rights of the individual conscience and the Ameri-can principles of religious freedom dur-ing their recent convention held in this city. What a broad, liberal statement is this : " All people have Ł a right to ap-proach God, worship him and serve him as they see fit without any ecclesiastical or state interference. Religion is a vol-untary matter." During the 'fourth meeting, however, they completely reversed themselves on the subject of religious liberty by pass-ing a resolution urging Baptists every-where " to press upon their Congress-men the vital importance of observing Sunday as a civil institution in this critical period of our national history ; and urge legislation on this pressing question in the District of Columbia." It seems strange that the Baptists who were once persecuted because the state 