LIBERTY 67 their children to read the precious words of the Saviour as recorded in the New Testament ; but they have seen a great deal of professedly Christian conduct Šbut conduct which was really very un-christian -- toward themselves on the part of people who claimed to be follow-ers of Jesus. It is but natural that this should embitter them and turn them against Christianity. We know that Christ and his true fol-lowers never sanctioned such a course. Christ, when he was here, healed the sick among the Jews, raised their dead, opened the eyes of their blind, healed their lep-rous ones, and worked mighty miracles among the Hebrew people ; for to these people he came, came to seek them and to save them. He did not come to des-troy them. Christ came to heal and not to hurt. For centuries Rome and Russia have waged bitter warfare against the Jews, and all this has been done in the name of the religion of Christ. As a result, the Jews have believed that this conduct must be a part of Christianity. The page of history is colored with blood, which tells the story of the dealings of Rome with the sons of Abraham. Morocco, Rome, Spain, Portugal, France, and other na-tions, which in days gone by bitterly per-secuted the children of the covenant, have washed their hands and bathed their swords in the blood of the Jewish people. Bitter and relentless have been the dealings of the Papacy and of Rus-sia with these people. Liberty for the Jew was an unknown thing in these lands, and while Russia still denies them any liberty, civil or re-ligious, the Papacy has not the pdwer now to do as she did in former days. But her attitude toward the Jew has not changed. Judging it by the Word of God, by the teachings of Christ, is such conduct Christian ? The answer is emphatically, No. It is one of the most regrettable facts of human history that such preju-dice has been created in the hearts of these people because of the antichristian  conduct of these professedly Christian peoples. The gospel of Christ is a gospel of freedom. There is freedom and lib-erty for the Jew as well as for the Gen-tile in that gospel. This the Jew should understand. He should know that nei-ther the Christian religion nor its Au-thor ever sanctioned the persecution of any one. True Christianity does not and can not persecute. Christianity does not condemn men ; it seeks to help and to redeem men. It does not destroy ; it saves. It is therefore time that Christian peo-ple should awaken to the fact that they owe the Jewish people a debt of informa-tion in reference to this matter. The Christian world should let the children of Abraham know that the conduct of such powers styling themselves the fol-lowers of Christ has been and is as hate-ful in the sight of Christ as was the con-duct of Ahab and Jezebel in the sight of the Lord. Jesus taught the golden rule ; he never allowed men to compel any one to accept his teachings. He came that men might see in him the Christ, the Saviour, and thus be drawn to him by the cords of love. Let the Chris-tian people amend their ways in these days, and prove to the Jewish people that the Christian religion is a religion of liberty and equality. Let the Chris-tian show to his Jewish friend and neigh-bor that liberty is a precious gift which Christ gave to all men freely and without distinction. He came to proclaim liberty to all, not to declare a warfare against any man. The Christian religion is God's religion of love, and not Satan's religion of hate. That religion which would force Ł the consciences of men or oppress men because of their religion, is not the re-ligion of Christ, and its inhuman activ-ities are not sanctioned by him, nor are they helping in the establishment of his kingdom. A fearful responsibility rests upon the professed followers of Christ who have maltreated their fellow men in the name of religion ; and they are not to be envied who have such a record against their names in the books of 