20 LIBERTY violence, find numerous defenders, not because their tenets are admired, but be-cause the principles of religious liberty require that they be unmolested as long as they commit no crime. There is still a union of church and state in England, but the advantage en-joyed by the established church is prin-cipally one of social preeminence. At all national functions, it is the Church of England that represents the cause of religion. In Wales this church is soon to be disestablished, but there is little prospect at present that the same step  custom may hold its victories as securely as the slaver once did his unhappy prey. Freedom can only be preserved as it is rightly used. It is not an end in itself, only a means. The right use of freedom is seen when it affords full scope for a noble character to reveal itself. An ig-noble nature, with the same measure of opportunity, will but manifest its shame and bring reproach upon the liberty that has made the exposure possible. Only those who are worthy of freedom can keep it. The enjoyment of liberty by any peo- WHERE THE LAWS FOR THE will be taken in England. There is not much enthusiasm to-clay for ecclesiastical reforms. Notwithstanding its past victories, however, and present apparent security, freedom's battle is by no means finally won. The old evils are not all eradi-cated. It is no longer necessary to take up arms against a royal tyrant ; the gov-ernment is in the hands of the people ; yet even under the forms of democracy a majority may deal unjustly. A free press may degenerate into an instrument for enslaving mind and heart ; and evil BRITISH REALM ARE MADE ple gives no assurance that the boon will continue ; it simply creates an unre-stricted opportunity to demonstrate whether or not they are deserving of freedom. No matter how many or how strong the constitutional safeguards against civil or religious oppression, let freedom be put to an unworthy use and immediately there come creeping in by a hundred unsuspected channels, social, commercial, political, religious, the evils that in time corrode a nation's liberties and infuse into its sluggish blood the in-stincts of servitude. 