LIBERTY 89 The preservation of a free government requires, not merely that the metes and bounds which separate each department of power be invariably maintained, but more especially that neither of them be suffered to overlap the great barrier which defends the rights of the people. It is proper to take alarm at the first experiment upon our liberties. We hold this prudent jealousy to be the first duty of citizens, and one of the noblest char-acteristics of the late Revolution. Experience witnesseth that ecclesias-tical establishments instead of maintain-ing the purity and efficacy of religion, have had a contrary operation. During almost fifteen centuries has the legal es-tablishment of Christianity been on trial. What have been its fruits? Š More or less, in all places, pride and indolence in the clergy ; ignorance and servility in the laity ; in both, superstition, bigotry, and persecution. If religion be not within the cogni-zance of civil government, how can its legal establishment be necessary to civil government? What influence, in fact, have ecclesiastical establishments had on civil society? In some instances they have been seen to erect a spiritual tyr-anny on the ruins of civil authority; in no instance have they been seen the guardians of the liberties of the people. Rulers who wished to subvert the pub-lic liberty may have found in established clergy convenient auxiliaries. A just government, instituted to secure and per-petuate it, needs them not. Such a gov-ernment will be best supported by pro-tecting every citizen in the enjoyment of his religion with the same equal hand which protects his person and his prop-erty ; by neither invading the equal rights of any sect, nor suffering any sect to invade those of another. Torrents of blood have been spilt in the Old World in consequence of vain attempts of the secular arm to extinguish religious discord by proscribing all dif-ferences in religious opinion. Either, then, we must say that the law of the legislature is the only measure of their [the people's] authority, and that in the plenitude of that authority they may sweep away all our fundamental rights, or that they are bound to leave this par-ticular right [religious] untouched and sacred. This memorial belongs by the side of Jefferson's " act for establishing religious freedom," and both are invaluable docu-ments which should occupy the attention of the American people at this time. Not only was James Madison the fa-ther of the Constitution in the main, but he was also largely responsible for the first amendments to the Constitution, nine of which have been recognized as the National Bill of Rights. A brief ref-erence to these principles will not be out of place. After the Constitution had been adopted by the convention, it re-mained for the States to confirm the same. It was necessary to have nine States indorse that instrument before it could be recognized as the law of the land. Eight States had approved the in-strument, and its fate hung upon the de-cision of Virginia. The Baptists of Virginia feared that the Constitution did not sufficiently guarantee religious liberty and equality, and they were not fully satisfied with it. They consulted with Madison about the propriety of submitting amendments which would guarantee religious free-dom. He advised them to address Gen-eral Washington, the new President of the nation, who had also been president of the convention which adopted the Constitution. Accordingly, the Bap-tists wrote Washington, receiving from him this memorable reply : Š If I could have entertained the slight-est apprehension that the Constitution framed by the convention where I had the honor to preside might possibly en-danger the religious rights of any eccle-siastical society, certainly I would never have placed my signature to it; and if I could now conceive that the general gov-ernment might ever be so administered as to render the liberty of conscience inse-cure, I beg you will be persuaded that no one would be more zealous than my-self to establish effectual barriers against the horrors of spiritual tyranny and every species of religious persecution. For, you doubtless remember, T have 