2 LIBERTY are God's." We believe in the strict appli-cation of this principle in the administration of both the church and the state to-day. Any religion, or any institution of relig-ion, which needs the support of the civil power in order to survive, is not worthy to survive. Men should be protected by law in their right to believe in, and to practise, any form of religion, or to reject all forms of religion, so long as in the exercise of this right they do not infringe upon the rights (not the feelings) of others; and men should be permitted to propagate in any legitimate way the religion in which they believe, without the aid or the oppo-sition of civil government. This gives to truth a free field and a fair chance, and it ought to be satisfied with this. For any one to ask for more is to confess the weak-ness of his cause. This is the platform upon which we stand. We are giving our time, our strength, and our means to the spread of the gospel of Christ as we understand it, and we freely grant to others the same privilege. We do not ask for laws to com- pel others to think and act as we do, and we do not concede to others the right to enact laws to compel us to think and act as they do. Are not these the true principles of religious liberty? A Significant Fact THE country in which Jesus of Nazareth lived was under the jurisdiction of pagan Rome. The laws of the land not only did not favor the true religion, but they forbade the teaching of any other religion than that adopted by the state, under the penalty of confiscation of property and even death. But in the face of all this we have no record that the Master ever waited upon the civil authorities, and asked them to insert either his name or his Father's name in the impe-rial decrees, or to place Christian usages and institutions upon an undeniable legal basis in the laws of the land. Would it not be well for some of the professed followers of Christ to-day to ponder upon this fact? There is great danger now that Christianity will be wounded in the house of its pro-fessed friends. "With Malice Toward None" IN this issue of LIBERTY will be found some plain speaking. We believe that the time has come for this. In the efforts which are now being made to secure such legisla-tion as will commit the civil government to the decision of religious controversies and to the support of religious institutions, we discern the first steps toward religious per-secution, and we deem it our duty to make a vigorous protest against all such efforts. In the alliance between Protestants and Roman Catholics, to bring such a pressure to bear upon the government as will lead to religious legislation in favor of an insti-tution which rests upon no other authority than pagan and papal decrees, we discern a revival of the intolerance of the Middle Ages and the methods of the Inquisition, and we are constrained to point out the danger. We bear no malice toward mis-guided Protestants or Roman Catholics, but we are strongly opposed to their views of the proper relation between religion and the state, and we claim the right to warn as many as possible against them. In our manner of doing this we hope we have not overstepped the bounds of Christian pro-priety, or unnecessarily wounded the feel-ings of any. We ask all to read the articles carefully and with candor, and then to judge for themselves. Not a Mere Theory IN suggesting that religious persecution will be the result of religious legislation, we are not indulging in a mere academic discussion of a remote possibility. The history of past centuries justifies this con-clusion, and a present illustration is not lacking, as the following facts will show. Last April two men, Messrs. George B. Thomson and D. A. Deedon, of Manches-ter, Tenn., stretched some wire fence along a road in the woods about two miles from town, in order to keep the cattle out of their corn. For this breach of the Sunday law of the State they were indicted, tried, convicted, and fined; and as they declined to pay the fines, they were sentenced to the workhouse (the county jail) until the 