104 LIBERTY Crafts himself, a San Francisco pastor finds in his own State the best " Sabbath observance." Legislators who are asked to enact Sunday laws for the preservation of the Sabbath should bear in mind these facts. les ON OUR cover design gives a view of one of the most beautiful scenes in the capital city of the nation. Every one will at once identify the stately shaft near the center of the picture as the Washington Monument. Many will recog-nize the Pan-American Building, a part of which is seen at the left. The picture, while a photograph, is a real work of art. An equally beautiful background of clouds is not to be secured every day. !ft im Shall the League of Nations Regulate Religious Practices ? ADRAFT of the League of Nations which appeared recently in the newspapers gives the points desired by the labor forces of the world. According to this state-ment, the following was adopted, preceded by a statement which says: " Among these methods and principles the following seem to the high contracting parties to be of special and urgent importance: ' Fifth, The adoption of a weekly rest of at least twen-ty-four hours, which should include Sunday whenever practicable.'" As this was in marks of quotation, it is sup-posed to be a verbatim copy of this part of the peace pact. Certain parties and organizations have been long seeking to secure in this country legal recognition of some kind of national Sunday closing. Time and again bills looking toward more drastic Sunday enforcement have been introduced into both State and national legis-latures. Locally, some of these have been adopted, but so far, the national Congress has stood against positive Sunday legislation. In some of the States, as for instance, in Oregon, the proponents of Sunday closing endeavored to secure their aims through the medium of the food conservation commission of the Gov-ernment. This did not meet with much success, being opposed by the popular will. In noted instances, where the question has been sub-mitted to the people, they have not favored rigid Sunday closing. The paragraph quoted in the outset reveals a new and far-reaching effort to secure a legal recognition of Sunday. This is not to be sim-ply from a State or national but a world stand-point. Let this once be adopted, and the flood-gates will be opened, and the precedent will be established for religious measures now un-dreamed of. The labor element has power  within itself to secure one day's rest in seven without violating the principles of religious liberty. All Sunda legislation, whether local or world-wide, is religious legislation, and op-posed to true principles of liberty. Great and worthy objects are sought by those who are promoting the League of Nations' pact, and it would be too bad to have it marred by some-thing that would surely nullify its purity and defeat its greatest purpose. W. F. M. ft ft Pm The Pope Against Magna Charta " WHEN the English barons wrested from the stubborn king the great Magna Charta in 1215, Pope Innocent III championed the cause of the king, his vassal, against the barons. He called a council, annulled the Magna Charta, issued a manifesto against the barons, and or-dered the bishops to excommunicate them. He suspended Archbishop Langton from office for siding with the barons against the king and di-rectly appointed the Archbishop of York."Š"The Rise of the Medieval Church," Alexander Clarence Flick, Ph. D., Litt. D., pp. 554, 555. New York: G. P. Putnam's Sons. ft on pa " Religion and Politics in a Bad Mix-Up " LAST quarter we printed in perfectly good faith, under the above heading, an article which we properly credited to "The King's Business (organ of the Bible Institute, Los Angeles), March, 1919." R. A. Torrey, D. D., dean of the Bible Institute of Los Angeles, and author of a number of books, is editor of The King's Business. Ile is a man of unquestion-able integrity, and it never occurred to us to doubt the authenticity of the statements attrib-uted by him to the National Catholic Register. It now appears that there is no such publication. Dr. Torrey is in China, and we cannot reach him in time for this issue of LIBERTY, nor can his assistant give us any definite information concerning the source of the quotation com-mented upon by him; but it appears that it came to the office of The King's Business in the shape of a clipping said to have been taken from the National Catholic Register, a publi-cation that nobody seems to be able to locate. The clipping was doubtless a forgery, and we humbly apologize to our readers for having in-nocently passed it along. We are sorry that we, as well as Dr. Torrey, were deceived by what now appears to us a very palpable fraud. c. S. L. WHAT love and persuasion cannot accomplish in the domain of religion, law and force are powerless to achieve, 