68 LIBERTY stood alone with God and truth was in the majority; that God's written Word alone was final in its decision upon all religious questions. When I had finished answering his ar-guments, all the people applauded vigor-ously. The preachers must have felt the rebuke of their own people most keenly. An intelligent-looking woman afterward came to me and said: " I was ashamed of the conduct of my pastor in asking such foolish questions and trying to interfere with the meeting, and since he has not apologized I want to apolo-gize for him. I shall tell him, too, that I consider he did not act the part of a gen-tleman even, to say nothing of manifest-ing the spirit of Christianity." At Eugene, Oregon, I had an alto-gether different experience with the preachers who listened to the lecture. Three of them remained after the meet-ing, and the Lutheran minister said: " You ought to have one hundred men proclaiming these truths and principles to the people in the State of Oregon. Do you know whether the delegates from my denomination voted with the rest of the delegates, at the great Federal Coun-cil of the Protestant denominations re-cently held in Chicago, to eliminate the name Protestant from their organization, so they could make overtures to the Cath-olic churches to join the Federated Churches? I believe we should work for unity," he said, " but I do not believe in compromising principles as they are do-ing, for the sake of harmony. Instead of bringing harmony into the ranks, they are stirring up much dissension. It is a good thing they went to the length they did, as it has opened our eyes to the dan-gers that are ahead of us. I see danger in this great church combine, and I am glad you are preparing the minds of the people in the West for the coming World's Christian Citizenship Confer-ence in Portland, so they may not be swept off their feet and fooled as they  were during the Federal Council in Chi-cago." A Christian minister who was present was so enthusiastic over what he had heard that he asked the privilege of say-ing a few words at the close of my lec-ture. He took about five minutes, sec-onding most heartily.  what I had said, and wanted the people to circulate liter-ature upon the subject. These ministers said they were going to subscribe for LIBERTY and the Protestant Magazine.. Well, it certainly -is refreshing to dis-cover occasionally that God has reserved many in Israel who have not yet bowed the knee to Baal, and who are entirely loyal to the principles of religious lib-erty. Wherever we have gone, the peo-ple have applauded our efforts and man-ifested the greatest interest in the prin-ciples of religious freedom. I do not believe that the people in the West are going to be deceived by the World's Christian Citizenship Conference on the subject of religious legislation concern-ing Sunday laws. On the evening when I announced to the audience gathered in the Grand Opera-house at Salem that the Oregon Sunday bill had been defeated with only one vote in its favor in the house of representatives, they broke loose and applauded again and again. I had often heard it stated by the Sunday-law advocates in the East that the people in California and Arizona were a lot of pagans because they had no Sunday laws on the statute-books in those States, but I was happily surprised to find that the people on the Coast com-pare most favorably with their Chris-tian cousins in the East. The reason they have separated religious enactments from their civil statutes is not because they are hostile to Christianity and its doctrines, but because of their friendli-ness to religion. They believe that the interests of the church and state can be fostered best with the church and state completely separated. C. S. L. 