22 LIBERTY any law respecting religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. This proposed amendment to the Bill of Rights of California does virtually impose a religious test upon every citizen of this State, and embodies it in fundamental law; namely, " Do you keep Sunday ? " and if not, " Do you observe conscientiously as a Sabbath the seventh day ? " 2. The proposed measure is contrary to the constitution of California. Section 1, Article 1, of that document reads: Š " SEC. I.Š All men are by nature free and independent, and have certain inalien-able rights, among which are those of en-joying and defending life and liberty; acquiring, possessing, and protecting prop-erty; and pursuing and obtaining safety and happiness." The " free and independent " man has the right to labor and rest when he chooses, provided in doing so he does not interfere with the equal rights of his fellows; and he likewise has the " liberty " " to acquire " and " protect " property whatever days in the week he chooses. Sections 3 and 4 of the same article read: Š " SEC. 3.Š The State of California is an inseparable part of the American Union, and the Constitution of the United. States is the supreme law of the land. " SEC. 4.Š The free exercise and enjoy-ment of religious profession and worship, without discrimination or preference, shall forever be guaranteed in this State." Therefore the legislature of California has no right, nor have the people the right, to enact into law any measure which shall establish any religious institution or inter-fere with the free exercise and enjoyment of religious profession and worship 3. The proposed amendment demands class legislation, in that it discriminates between men solely on religious grounds. But this is contrary to the constitution of California, which declares (Art. 1, Sec. II) : " All laws of a general character shall have a uniform operation." It does not require legal acumen to know that no re-ligious law could l?e uniform in operation except in a State where every one believed the same creed and system. 4. The sole reason for this proposed amendment is thus set forth in its pre-amble: Š " SEC. 21.Š The necessity of encouraging and fostering the observance of one day in seven as a day of rest is hereby recognized as essential to the welfare of the State, and to that end it is hereby provided." Granted that a day of rest faithfully ob-served is essential to the welfare of the State, does it follow that it should be a matter of legislation? There are many who contend that the wearing of corsets and the practise of tight-lacing are detrimental to the health of women, to the mothers of men, and thus to the citizens of the State; and the con-tention is as widely recognized as is the necessity for a weekly day of rest. Cer-tainly there is no stronger essential to the welfare of the State than hale, noble motherhood. But shall the legislature therefore submit a measure as part of the constitution, prohibiting the wearing of corsets, and prescribing the dress that mothers shall wear? It is important to the health of the peo-ple, and therefore to " the welfare of the State," that the people of the State take a certain amount of sleep and rest in bed each day. Shall we therefore have an amend-ment to the constitution providing for the necessary daily hours of sleep and rest? Of course such ideas are impractical. No legislature under the sun could compass, devise, frame, and enact into law every-thing pertaining to " the welfare of the State; " and even if it could, no executive could enforce the enactments. But above all, why attempt such a thing in respect to religious matters? Who does not know that attempts to enforce religion by law have caused more cruelty and bitterness and hatred in the world than have all other causes combined? We hope that California legislators will see all that is in the 'monstrous proposition, and reject it. The Effectual Antidotes of Error REASON and free inquiry are the only effectual antidotes of error. Give them full scope, and they will uphold the truth, by bringing false opinions, and all the spurious offspring of ignorance, prejudice, and self-interest before their severe tri-bunal, and subjecting them to the test of close investigation. Error alone needs arti-ficial support; truth can stand by itself.ŠLawrence. 