112 LIBERTY Is the United States a Christian Nation ? Tx's question might be correctly an-swered by both yes and no. In the sense of the prevailing belief of the people, this is certainly a Christian nation in contradistinction to being pagan or Mo-hammedan. But in the spiritual sense no nation is or can be Christian. Suppose you make no profession of re-ligion, and have no living Christian ex-perience. A gospel worker steps up to you and asks, " Are you a Christian? " and you answer, " No," and answer truly; you are not a Christian within the meaning of the one who puts the ques-tion. But suppose you are asked that same question by one who has in mind, not your personal experience, but your reli-gious preferences as between Christianity and paganism or Mohammedanism. You reply at once that you are a Christian, and this even though you may as a matter of fact seriously question or even deny some of the fundamentals of Christianity. But you stand for Chris-tian morals and Christian civilization as against the morals and civilization of other great religious systems, and are therefore in this sense a Christian ; and in just that sense, but in no other, is this or any other nation Christian. C. P. B. Stf tV Five Great Struggles for Liberty THE pages of the history of this world are for the most part stained with the blood of the martyrs of truth. Five long conflicts have been waged for the cause of liberty. The first great struggle for liberty was in the realm of thought. The second momentous conflict was for free-dom of speech. The third hard-fought contest was. for liberty of the press. The fourth struggle was for the right of as-sembly. The fifth and fiercest battle was waged in behalf of religious liberty. The established church and the state were the greatest foes to these greatest  blessings. Without the triumph of tree thought, free speech, free press, free as-sembly, and freedom of worship, the world would still be in midnight dark-ness and superstition, and in the shackles of civil and religious tyranny. C. S. L.  Of A Plea for Equality No person should be satisfied until he has secured for every other human being the same rights that he claims for him-self. A man who wants religious liberty for his own sect, but does not care one iota whether another sect is oppressed or not, is the very embodiment of selfish-ness. The person who thinks more of principle than he does of expediency is a true hero in these days of political, so-cial, and financial diplomacy. No man ever gains anything in the attempt to pull others down that he may exalt him-self. We should honor the memory of those who have given us the liberty we enjoy today. Let us never be satisfied until our voices are heard in behalf of the oppressed of our own times, in be-half of liberty Š for a chainless body and a fetterless conscience. c. s. L. AMERICA is the land that belongs not to one sect and one religion, but to all sects and all religions, yea, to the nonreli-gious as well. It is not the possession of any autocrat or party, but belongs to all the people of the whole nation. Its soil is consecrated to the cause of Amer-ican liberty and to equality before the law. IV OE OE JUST so long as the American people continue to love truth and cherish lib-erty and justice for their own sake, they will offer asylum to the oppressed and downtrodden; nor can they ever rest un-til every man is permitted to worship God, or not to worship if he so elects, and to live in harmony with his own conscience. 