5244  LIBERTY do on one day of the week what is freely permitted on other days. Q.Ñ Do you claim that the legislature has no right to compel you to rest on any day ? A.Ñ The legislature has authority in civil matters, but no authority whatever concerning matters of religion. The ob-servance of any day as a sabbath is a religious act, a matter wholly between man and God, with which civil govern-ment can of right have nothing whatever to do. Q.Ñ Do you believe in no law at all in behalf of Sunday observance? A.Ñ The principles already laid down furnish an answer to this question. The observance of any day as a sabbath is a matter wholly outside the sphere of civil government. Every Sunday law is an infringement of the rights of conscience. Even those who choose to observe Sun-day as a sabbath ought not to be placed under the compulsion of law. " Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind." Q.ÑDo you not believe the majority ought to rule ? A.Ñ We stand for the majority rule in civil affairs, and for the inalienable right of the individual in religious mat-ters. If one man out of a thousand has a clear conviction as to his own religious duty, the other nine hundred and ninety-nine have not the least right to compel him to adopt their views and to follow their practise. It must, however, be in-sisted that no one has a right to do an uncivil act on the ground of religious conviction. When one sets up a claim of religious conviction as a justification for theft, murder, or polygamy, he mixes things religious with things civil, and has no just ground for his plea. The con-science of the individual is supreme in religious matters. The law enacted by the majority is supreme in civil matters when it does not contravene the natural and inalienable rights of man. Q.Ñ Do you not believe that improper conduct on Sunday ought to be punished? A.Ñ Improper conduct on any day of the week ought to be punished, but con-duct that is proper on the other days of the week is proper on Sunday, so far as civil government has jurisdiction. Civil government has no right to make an act a crime because committed on Sunday. Q.Ñ Do you not believe that the courts have the province to define what a crime is ? A.Ñ A crime is an offense against civil society, and should not be confounded with sin, which is the transgression of God's law as such. No body of men has a right to treat crime and sin as synony-mous, and to inflict penalties upon those who transgress God's law. " Who art thou that judgest another man's servant? to his own master he standeth or falleth." Q.Ñ Would not an exemption clause meet your desires? A.Ñ Where there is a Sunday law without an exemption clause, the grant-ing of an exemption is toleration, and is a step toward liberty. Where there is no Sunday law, the enactment of a Sunday law, even with an exemption clause, is a violation of religious liberty, and is a step toward intolerance. The insertion of an exemption clause in a law which violates the principles .of religious liberty does not justify the law, even though it makes its enforcement less oppressive. An exemption clause does not therefore satisfy those who seek religious liberty not only for themselves but for all men. Q.Ñ Are you aware of the fact that far more stringent laws are already on the statute-books? Why then do you argue against a milder form of law? A.ÑA greater wrong does not justify a lesser one. The fact that there are bad laws upon the statute-books is not a suffi-cient reason for enacting more of them. Legislators should be more ready to re-move from the statute-books laws which 