Is Prohibition Subversive of Natural Rights? By some this question would be an-swered at once in the affirmative. But it is surely worthy of a little careful thought, especially since a veritable tidal wave of prohibition is sweeping not only over this country, but over a large part of the world besides. About all that can reasonably be claimed for any man is the right to do as he pleases as long as in the doing he does not interfere with the equal right of some other person. Every man has the nat-ural right to hunt wild game and to take fish in streams not privately owned. This is not to say, however, that since in a thickly settled country indiscriminate hunting and fishing would soon destroy all the game and fish so that nobody could be benefited by them, laws regulating hunting and fishing, or even prohibiting them altogether for a time, are not per-fectly legitimate. Again : any man whose taste runs in that direction has a right to experiment with medicines, chemicals, serums, etc., but he has no right to conduct such ex-periments in a manner to jeopardize the lives or property of others. If he wishes to compound high explosives, he must conduct his experiments and do his work in some place that will not expose others to the risks which he himself sees fit to run. He may experiment upon himself with antitoxins, etc., but he must not in-dulge in such experiments in a manner nor in a place to expose others to in-fection. We may admit that a man has the right to drink intoxicating liquors, but he may be justly required to do it only under conditions that will guarantee to his neighbors and to members of his own family the utmost security against any injury from his indulgence. Every man owes certain duties to his family and to the community in which he lives. He owes to his family reasonable support, not only for their sake, but for the com-munity's; for in case of failure on his  part to provide properly for his wife and children, they may become public charges. - Inasmuch as the use of intox-icating liquors tends to lower and even to destroy one's earning capacity, who cannot see that the community has a right to protect itself against that con-tingency by prohibiting the traffic in such liquors? The use of intoxicating liquors greatly increases crime and pauperism ; it cor-rupts politics ; it undermines the integrity of public officials; it decreases the ef-ficiency of those who serve the public in various capacities ; it increases liability to accidents; it increases fire risks; it depletes public revenues, and increases municipal, county, and state expenses. Who dares assert, then, that the state has no right to prohibit the traffic in that which so fully touches the life, not alone of him who uses it, but of him also who does not use it but inevitably suffers from the indulgence of those who do in-dulge ? Again : it may be observed that the plea of natural rights is not made so much in the interests of the individual as in behalf of the traffic. The distiller, the brewer, the wholesaler, and the saloon keeper are wont to wax eloquent over the right of the poor man to have his beer or his toddy, when what they are really concerned about is their own " right " to divert to their own tills, and away from the support of his family, a large share of the daily or weekly wages of that same poor man. Have the women and children no rights that saloon keepers are bound to respect? or the state to conserve? We prohibit the shell game and the gambling table because they take money without gaving any fair equivalent; shall we then permit the liquor dealer to filch from his victims their hard-earned money, giving them in return only depleted pocket-books, ruined lives, impoverished homes, distressed wives, and puny children? III 