L! BERT Y 31 official organ of the National Reform Asso-ciation; " It can not be limited to the single purpose here spoken of. There are other questions of the greatest moment which it could not fail to consider." In case such a convention is called, the National Reform-ers will doubtless be on hand to press their claims for a religious amendment to the Constitution. FOR many years the National Reformers have been laboring to secure a religious amendment to the Constitution of the United States, in order that all " Christian laws, customs, and usages " may be placed upon " an undeniable legal basis in the itin-damental law of the land." The advocates of religious legislation in California are now calling for a straight " Sunday observ-ance amendment " to the constitution of that State. California is one of the two States in the Union which has no Sunday law. COMMENTING upon the Sunday law re-cently passed by France, the Christian Statesman for August says: "This action is not based on religious, but solely upon economic considerations," but adds, " While it is true this action was not taken on relig-ious grounds, it is not true that it has no religious significance," which is but admit-ting, in other words, that it matters not upon what " grounds " Sunday legislation may be "based," in its real nature, purpose, and intent every Sunday law is, after all, religious, and has a " religious signifi-cance." " ONE evening a few months ago, in Washington, I had the honor of conversing separately with six distinguished statesmen, all of whom are available for the presi-dency," said Cardinal Gibbons in the course of a sermon in his cathedral in Baltimore on October 7, adding that he " found them all in a receptive mood." This is pretty good testimony to the fact that the head of the Roman Catholic Church in the United States moves in high political circles at the capital of the nation, and is on pretty inti-mate terms with its leading statesmen and politicians. THE following item, under the heading, " Too Much Sunday Business," appeared in the Washington Post of October 31: " C. M. D. Browne, 144 R St., N. E., yes-terday invited the attention of the District Commissioners to the amount of business transacted on Sunday in the District, espe-cially by real estate firms. He says that many dentists work on Sunday, and recalls the case of a tailor who claims he can not tterid morning eprviemi on 2 erniint being compelled to attend to his business at that time. He has been informed that there is no law to prevent the transaction of business of this kind on Sunday." The clamor for a District Sunday law for the compulsory observance of Sunday doubtless comes from such " zealous citizens " as the one here represented. " THE one legitimate work of govern-ment is to hold its shield over the people, protecting all in the exercise of their relig-ious convictions, but bestowing favors upon none. A civil ruler or legislator, in the exercise of his public functions, should know no man as a religionist, but only as a citizen or subject; he has no right to enter the domain of conscience; to extend favor to one creed or to proscribe another. This is beyond his sphere, according to the simple and self-evident law, ' we ought to obey God rather than men.' " THE preliminary steps for the establish-ment of a " people's lobby " at Washington were taken at a meeting of public-spirited men from various parts of the country, in Washington, October 22. The purpose of this lobby, as announced, is, in the interests of the whole people, to oppose the lobbies of special interests at Washington, and to expose Congressmen who serve them. It is to be hoped that it will not overlook the International Reform Bureau church-and-state lobby located in this city, which is doing all it can to secure the passage of religious measures, chiefly Sunday-law measures. OCTOBER 5 it was announced at the State Department at Washington that American citizens are exempt from " church taxes " in Germany. This was ascertained after correspondence between the American am-bassador at Berlin and the German govern-ment. " Germany," it is stated, " exempts from church taxes citizens of any country that does not exact church taxes from Ger-mans;" and as the United States has no church taxes, according to this, church taxes in Germany can not be assessed against American citizens in that country.  If the philosophy underlying this arrange-ment is at all sound or justifiable, why should not all civil governments go a step farther, and recognize the fact that in religion all men should be regarded and treated as belonging to God, and as he compels no citizen of any civil government to pay a " church tax." or perform any other religious service, so it is not proper for any civil government to compel any of hio otnhjectii to tin any insrh thing? 