38 LIBERTY wrong, and the other in liberty to do right. One pulls others down that he may lift himself up, and the other stoops down that he may lift others up. If we should divide the whole world accord-ing to their characteristics and ruling motives in life into these two classes, and have the destiny of things decided by them, the devil would win out by an overwhelming majority, and the saint would lose by a hopeless minority. Hate and selfishness are ruling the world to-day, and are the real causes of the pres-ent European war. The kingdom of God will never be established on this earth through natural processes which the nations will work out by civic re-forms and political evolution. God's remedy for sin is love, which finds its expression in the gospel of Jesus Christ. Those who refuse to accept God's rem-edy must suffer the consequence of their unwise choice, which is everlasting destruction. Before God's everlasting kingdom of righteousness is established in the earth, he will completely destroy the present order of things. In Noah's day the earth was destroyed by a deluge of water; at the end of this dispensation God will completely destroy this world with a deluge of fire. See 2 Peter 3: to-13. God's thoughts and ways are as much higher than man's thoughts and ways as heaven is higher than earth. tV 91 An Important Ruling IN Springfield, Mass., there is a law on the statute books which states that pupils in the public schools shall not be excused from .attendance for more than five full-day or ten half-day sessions in any period of six months. To the en- forcement of this rule many of the par-ents of the twelve hundred Jewish chil-dren attending the public schools ob-jected, as it would compel attendance of the children on some of the Jewish holi- days. The superintendent of the public schools, James H. Van Sickle, submitted the matter to the city solicitor, Scott Adams, for a legal opinion. Mr. Adams in reply stated that the law in question could not be enforced because it was in violation of the Constitution of the United ŁStates. He said, in part : Š The real question is, May Jewish chil-dren be compelled to attend school on clays during which the teachings of their religion forbid them to do so? The an-swer to this question is found in Article I of the Amendments to the Constitution of the United States, which provides that Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof." I have children ; my religion teaches me that I must not send them to school on Sun-day. A Jewish parent has children ; his religion teaches him that he must not send his children to school on certain other days. I do not think there is any difference in the application of this prin-ciple. This ruling certainly is just and right, and in harmony with the American i-lea of civil and religious liberty. All mu-nicipal and State laws which are in viola-tion of the First Amendment to the fed-eral Constitution are unconstitutional and void, and should be repealed instead of enforced. Sunday laws, enacted by the States and by municipal authorities, re-quiring believers and unbelievers to ob-serve Sunday,Š a day in which many have no more faith than they have in Mohammed,Š are contrary to the First and Fourteenth Amendments of the fed-eral Constitution ; and being in conflict with the fundamental law of the land, these Sunday laws are unconstitutional and void, and ought to be repealed. The man who believes that Sunday is the day he ought to observe has no more right to make a Sunday law and compel his neighbor to observe Sunday than his neighbor who observes Saturday has a 