4 4 4  4 4  4 +400444040444004044004040004444+ 1444044444444404444444444444444+ 4 ¥ 4 ¥ 4 ¥ estateifpuprenle Court Citations ¥ ¥ ¥  4 4 o o 4  . o o¥ 4  4 4  e 4  4 4  4 4  4 ¥ 4 o o 0  4 ¥ 0 4  0 * 4 ¥ 4 ¥ 4 4  e ¥ 0 ¥ 4 * ¥ 4 4 O4  4 O o 4  ¥ 4  4 ¥ 4 O o 4  4. 4  4 O 4 4  ¥ " It is incorrect to say that Chris-tianity is a part of the common law of the land. . . . Even if Christianity could be deemed the basis of our gov-ernment, it's own organic law must be found in the New Testament, and there we shall look in vain for any requirement to observe Sunday.. . . The Old Testament commanded the observance of the Sabbath, . . . and it designated Saturday, not Sunday, as the day of rest. . . . Sunday was first adopted by Christians in lieu of Sat-urday long years after Christ, in com-memoration of the resurrection. The first ' Sunday law' was enacted in the year 321 A. D., soon after the em-peror Constantine had abjured pagan-ism, and apparently for a different reason than the Christian observance of the day. . . . As late as the year 409 two rescripts of the emperors Honorius and Theodosius indicate that Christians then still generally observed the Sabbath; viz., Saturday, not  Sunday."Ñ North Carolina Re-ports, Vol CXXXIV, pages 508-515. O 32  LIBERTY a man should keep one day of the week. Now if a man keeps oneday of the week, ought he not to have his God-given priv- ilege of working six days of the week? The commandment says, " Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work; but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Gentlemen, this law tells you that if his acts were acts of necessity, he is not guilty; and he tells you that it was necessary for him to do that work. You know there is not a gen-tleman on t h e jury but has done something against the Sunday law. We have all chopped wood ; we have all rid-den on railroad trains, bought bread, milk, news-papers, etc. We have all done those things and openly violated the law. Now this man tells you on his oath that he does not make a practise of working on Sun-el a y, that he worked only three or four Sundays during the year. Do you want to convict him to make anÑ example of him? I think if we were put under oath, that every one of us would have to admit that during the last year we worked on Sunday more than three or four times. Now, gentlemen, the thing that the law requires you to say is that this prisoner, if guilty, is guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. What is a reasonable doubt? It is a doubt that a reasonable man would conclude from the evidence of the case. Can you reasonably say that this man has violated the law when you take into consideration his faith and the evidence given? And, gentlemen, if there is a doubt in your mind as to his guilt, ought he not to have the benefit of it? Gentlemen, I am willing to leave this case with you. I thank you for your attention. Attorney-General Bowman Just a short time and I shall leave this case with you. The law says which day to keep in Tennessee, and I say we cannot override it, and no Knoxville lawyer can convince this jury that because he himself has a right to keep an-other day he can violate the law. I might say I have a right to go out and smash t h e nose of every man I meet, and I might be honest in it, too; but the law says if I do that, I commit as-sault and battery. The law says if you want to ob-serve Saturday. observe it; and you have a right to. But the stat-ute has seen fit to make the first day of the week sab-bath, and com-mands that that day be observed. You can read all the  text - books you please. Is it possible that this jury would say,Ñ when it has been already threshed out in Ten-nessee, when the higher court has said, Observe your Saturday if you want to, but you have got to observe the first day of the week,Ñ Are you going to set it aside ? My friend says the Sunday law is not at stake. I want to hurl it back to him : it is at stake, and vitally so. The law,  says one day should be set apart by law, and the law has made that day the first day of the week, and thank God for it. Let me say to this jury : If this defendant should not be convicted in this case, if he has not violated the law of Tennessee, then your sabbath is a myth, and by this one stroke you have set it aside, and you 