592 10 LIBERTY During the progress of the Confer-ence, a large delegation, duly appointed, visited President William H. Taft, and presented to him the engrossed address which appears with this article. The delegation assembled in the East Room of the White House, where they were received by the President. Elder Geo. A. Irwin, vice-president of the North American Division of the Gen-eral Conference of Seventh-day Advent-ists, after a few fitting remarks, pre-sented the address referred to. To this address President Taft made the follow-ing cordial reply : Š Doctor, I am very glad to meet you and your co-religionists. I am glad to meet them here and to welcome them to Washington. I have no doubt that your Conference has led to satisfactory re-sults, and that your aims are high, and that you are entitled, like all the rest of us, to worship God in the way that seems best to your conscience; and under our Constitution everybody figures on an equality in that regard. The President then shook hands with each member of the delegation. The same officers who served during the past quadrennial period were again chosen for this department of the work. The board of the Religious Liberty De-partment has been greatly enlarged, in view of the development of this impor- tant reform movement. We most earnestly solicit the co-op-eration of all lovers of true religious liberty principles, in defending the rights of conscience in this and other lands. K. C. R. A Question Americans Must Answer Some Principles Involved in the Question THE invasion of the domain of con-science by the civil power, or by a com-bination of the civil and religious pow-ers, is tyranny, a usurpation of the place and prerogatives of God by the power  so doing. Civil government can not de-tect, define, or punish sin. It has power only over civil things Š temporal con-cernments Š and punishes the offender not as a sinner but as a criminal. Crime is an overt act in which one individual tramples upon the natural rights of an-other. Punishment for such acts is the business of the state. Sin is the trans-gression of God's law, a matter that can be made right only by direct dealings between the transgressor and the Author of the broken law. Only God has the power and the right to punish for sin. An act may be performed which is both a crime and a sin. The state pun-ishes for the crime ; but when that pun-ishment has been inflicted for the crime, the man must still make his peace with God through repentance and the confes-sion of his sin. God deals with the in-dividuals who break his law, and he has never delegated to any human organiza-tion or individual the right to take his place in this matter. When states or men or organizations of men attempt to en-force the law of God, and punish for its infractions, they are attempting to do the work which God has reserved for himself. It is an attempt of the human to climb into the very throne of God and administer his government for him Š an implication that the Creator of the heav-ens and the earth, the Almighty, is incompetent longer to rule, or has laid down the scepter of divine government. The state that sets up the law of God and attempts to define sin and punish the sinner, forgets the real purpose of the existence of human government, and employs its powers in manufacturing criminals artificially, when it ought to be protecting individuals from the opera-tions of real criminals. Such a state is out of its legitimate sphere, and its own acts partake of the characteristics of the criminal through its denial of, and trampling upon, the natural rights of men 