LIBERTY 77 the government and of the mission au-thorities were recognized. The distinc- tion is clear in the following statement of the Secretary of the Interior made in 1873:Š It is the further aim of the [peace] policy to establish schools, and through the instrumentality of the Christian or-ganizations acting in harmony with the government, as fast as possible to build churches and Sabbath-schools." What President Grant's opinions were about sectarian influences in schools is clearly apparent from recommendations for legislation which he made in his seventh annual message : Š " No sectarian tenets shall ever be taught in any school supported in whole or in part by the State, nation, or by the proceeds df any tax levied upon any community." By 188o the expedient of securing nominees from religious organizations had been discarded as unsatisfactory, but the President's policy had developed a settled conviction that the Indian race was to be prepared for useful American citizenship through education of Indian children with government aid. That when the responsibility was rec-ognized Congress was not slow in ma-king appropriations was affirmed in the report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs for 1885 : Š " The appropriations made by Con-gress [for education], which has sec-onded every effort for Indian advance-ment with commendable liberality, have steadily increased from year to year." In the same year appropriations for education exceeded one million dollars and have ever since remained in the mil-lions. Meanwhile Congress had pro-vided for a system of large non-reserva-tion boarding-schools,Š Carlisle, Salem, Chilocco, Genoa, Haskell,Š and had cre-ated the position of Superintendent of Indian Schools, expressly enjoining on this official the duty of reporting a plan for the education of all Indian youth. Since President Grant unequivocally declared against sectarian influence in  any public school, no responsible or au-thoritative public statement of a govern-ment official, as far as I can learn, has departed from this attitude. The only public statement that could be construed otherwise was made by the Superintend-ent of Indian Schools in 1885. But that it can not be taken as a real exception is seen from the report of the Commis-sioner of Indian Affairs for the same year, in which he said: Š " It will be the policy of this bureau, while under its present administration, to manage by and through its own ap-pointees all schools which occupy build-ings erected with funds furnished by the government. The government should manage its own schools, and different denominations should manage theirs, separately. In a word, in the manage-ment of schools the government should be divorced from sectarian influences or control. Any other course would end in heart-burning, confusion, and failure."ŠAn. Rep., 1885, page 13. Although such was the general policy of the government, it may sometimes have been obscured by the administrative peculiarities of the moment. But the purpose was always clear. Year after year the Secretary of the Interior and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs re-iterated a public policy of having a sys-tem of government schools for Indian children in which sectarianism had no place. (To be concluded) IV tit . "Civil" Sunday Laws E. L. MAXWELL THAT all Sunday laws are religious rather than " purely civil " is seen in the fact that they make certain acts crimes when done on Sunday that are not considered crimes when done on other days. Take, for example, baseball. If the Sunday law forbidding baseball is " purely civil," then it is uncivil to play baseball on any other day ; but if the latter is not true, then baseball is un- 