36 LIBERTY have depopulated towns and provinces and kingdoms, for the love of Christ and his holy mother ; but I have never touched a maravedi of confiscated prop-erty ; and I have employed the money in educating and dowering the children of the condemned." This declaration of Isabella concerning her attitude toward the descendants of those condemned by the Inquisition is shown by Spanish state papers to be utterly unfounded. See " History of Spain," Wilberforce, page 92. Spain opened her own veins and literally sacri-ficed her life as a great power on the altar of " an insane desire for religious unity." The blight of the Inquisition upon the Spanish nation can never be eradicated. When the Jews and the Moors had been practically harried out of Spain, and that source of revenue was dried up, the Holy Office began to turn its attention to the matter of heresy among the rank and file of the church. The nature of the people had been demoralized by what they had seen in the cruel public burnings and stranglings of Jews and Moors and con-verts from those classes whose conver-sions were discounted ; but now when this work was turned upon the bona fide members of the church, and " every man's hand " was against his neighbor, the character of the people began to be demoralized more rapidly and more strikingly. Every one was suspected. Every one became suspicious ; and it be-came true that a man's most dangerous associates were those of his own house-hold. " The lightest word might lead to the heaviest accusation. The nation became somber and silent. Religious life was but a step removed from heresy. Relig-ion died. Original thought was above all things dangerous. Social intercourse was obviously full of peril. A prudent man kept himself to himself, and was glad to escape the observation of his neighbors. Castile became a spiritual desert."Š Burke, quoted in " History of Spain," page 98. " The Castilian, who had always been independent himself, be- came intolerant of the independence it others. Then, indeed, he added the cruelty of the priest to the cruelty of the soldier, and wrapping himself in the cloak of a proud and uncompromising national orthodoxy, became the most fe-rocious bigot in two unhappy worlds."ŠId., quoted in " History of Spain," page 56. It was not to be expected that Spain, with such a heritage and such a tutelage, and bearing in her own national charac-ter the ugly scars and the baleful results of her training, would deal more gently and considerately with her possessions far away than with her subjects within her own borders. Neither did she. In whatever country her legions operated, the people were smitten with the mailed fist; conscience was made a malefactor; freedom of the mind was stifled; religion was a form without the substance ; and many of the brightest and best of the people were offered on that altar of op-pression Š the creed of a state religion. That was the cruel power and the cruel system which fastened itself upon the frugal people of northwestern Eu-rope who for centuries had carried on against the sea a struggle for existence. They were a hardy people, and their struggles against adversity bred in them an independence which even the fires of the Inquisition could not burn out of them. Early historians represent them as endowed with the most heroic valor. Though a people few in numbers, they made brave opposition to the subjugation of their land by the Romans and the Franks. Even with such powerful oppo-nents they scorned to accept " peace at any price." As early as the days of Charlemagne we find that portion of the Netherlands people known as the Frisons wringing from their quasi-conquerors provisions that seem little if any inferior to the provisions of the English Magna Charta, wrested from King John some four hun-dred years later. They secured the free-dom of every order of citizens and the right of private property Š a right which admitted no authority of the sovereign to 