Harris and Ewing, Washington, D. C. MINISTERS OF ARGENTINA, BRAZIL, AND CHILI, THE MEDIATORS IN THE AMERICAN-MEXICAN IMBROGLIO LIBERTY 107 accused, found guilty, and ordered to re-nounce their religion, or suffer the pen-alties of the laws. The former they could not conscientiously do, so they sub-mitted to the latter. Thus began the pagan persecutions, ac-counts of which fill us with shame for humanity. The gray-haired sire, the delicate maiden, and the innocent youth were dragged to the amphitheater, sub-jected to the most shocking barbarities, and finally, for the sport of the exulting populace, thrown alive to wild beasts in the arena. Thousands more were cruelly persecuted and put to death in various ways. All this, and much more, was done by the state, because it claimed the right to control the religion of its citizens, and because these citizens could not believe and obey the religion of the state. It is now declared that the state did these citizens great injustice by thus per-secuting them. But the state did not view it in that light. The right to control the reli-gion of its subjects was a fundamental principle of the governinent. In order to control t h e religion, the state must of ne-cessity declare what religion must be observed, a n d enact laws against all other religions. And to give the laws force, it must punish those who violate t h e laws. The enforcement of just penalties for the violation of just laws is n o t persecution. Rome claimed that h e r laws were for the preservation of the state, hence were just. She denied the charge of per-secution, and dis-claimed any desire to persecute a n y one. And this is t h e argument of all church-and-state governments. But the Christians regarded the whole thing as persecution. They denied the right of the state to interfere with their religion. They claimed the rights of conscience. The contest was long and bitter, but victory, at the cost of millions of lives, came at last. That victory brought to the church religious freedom. 