THE STATUE OF ROUSSEAU, WHOSE WRITINGS HELPED TO INCITE TH E FRENCH REVOLUTION LIBERTY 17 stead of a millennium, it has been tersely said, they had a massacre. Even the mad frenzy of the worship of reason and the legislative denial of God came as the logical outworking of this theory of religion by majorities, enforced by human law, with which the Revolu-t i o n started. If religion can b e prescribed by human en-actment, it must be the product of hu-m a n thought. And if it pro-ceeds from the people, the peo-ple themselves must be di-vinely su - preme. When Gobal, Archbishop of Paris, was called before the bar of the assembly, h e said:Š Born a plebian cure of Por e ntrury, sent by the clergy to t h e first assembly, then raised to the archbishop-ric of Paris, I have never ceased to obey the people. I accepted the functions which that people bestowed upon me, and now, in obedience to it, I am come to resign them. I suffered myself to be made a bishop. I cease to be so now, when the people no longer desire any." And Clootz put the doctrine in plainer language : Š " I have boldly preached that there is no other god but nature, no other sover-eign but the human race, the people god." It was man exalting himself above God. And the wickedness of it all was wrapped up in the theory of the state as a moral being, bound to make religion a matter of civil enactment, contrary to the express teaching of Jesus Christ. But in our time, notwithstanding the teaching o f God's Word and the lessons of history, mis-guided relig-i o u s leaders are working to commit legis-lative bodies in every way pos-sible to the en-forcement o f religious laws. They urge their convic-tions on the same old the-ory of a relig-ious state. The Christian Statesman, for years one of the organs of the movement, says: Š " The nation, being a moral person, must have a religion of its own, and exercise itself about religious affairs." In the same journal Rev. M. A. Gault proposes that the power to regulate re-ligion, once secured, shall be vigorously used, directed, of course, by those who are demanding it. He says : Š " Our remedy for all these malefic in-fluences is to have the government sim-ply set up the moral law, and recognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not con-form to it." 