LIBERTY 7 sure as a black, murky cloud hides the light of the sun momentarily, that offensive gang will shout with suphurous joy when you succeed (which God forbid) in your opposition to the conformity of civil govern-ment to Christian principles. May the Spirit of Christ enlighten your mind, and open your eyes that you may see the mountain of Christ the King " full of horses and chariots " round about our modern Elisha, as he stands for the divine supremacy in all the interests of the human race. Very truly and sincerely yours, (Signed) J. H. LEIPER. 16o North Grand Ave., Portland, Ore. Our friend, though doubtless sincere, is mistaken in both his propositions. The papal church is not the only organization in this country laboring for a union of church and state, neither does the National Reform Association stand as a fortress against such a union. There is perhaps no organization labor- ing more assiduously to unite church and state in this country than the National Reform Association. Church and state were first united under Constantine, when Christianity was declared to be the religion of the empire. This is just what the Na- tional Reform Association desires done here. Its avowed purpose, according to the second article of its constitution, is,Š ART. 2. To secure such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ, and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and so indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our government on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land. When this, or anything approaching it, is accomplished, church and state will be united here as truly as they ever were in the Roman empire. Church and state are united when relig-ion is established by law. This is precisely what the National Reform Association de-sires done in this country. In 1874 Prof. C. A. Blanchard, a prominent National Reformer, said : Š Constitutional laws punish for false money, weights, and measures, and so of course Congress establishes a standard for  money, weights, and measures. So Con-gress must establish a standard of religion. or admit anything called religion. Any church or any church organization seeking the power of the state for the furtherance of its ends is seeking a union of church and state. This is exactly what the National Reform Association, the Amer-ican Sabbath Union, the International Re-form Bureau, and other like organizations are doing in their efforts to secure laws for the compulsory observance of Sunday, eight measures for which have been introduced into the present Congress. And this is pre-cisely how church and state were united in the fourth century; the church leaders clamored fur Sunday legislation. Whenever the church dominates the civil power, church and state are united, and are united after the papal order. In the Chris-tian Statesman of Aug. 29, 1889, Rev. J. M. Foster, a National Reform Secretary, said: Š A union of church and state exists where the church usurps control over the state, as in the Romish theory, or when the state assumes to establish and control the church, as in England. The National Reform Association is seeking a union of church and state upon what it itself denominates the " Romish theory." After it and other allied church organizations had, through petitions, boy-cotting threats, and other pressure, secured from Congress in 1892 the Sunday-closing clause to the five-million-dollar appropria-tion to the Chicago Exposition, Rev. J. D. Sands, a National Reform United Presby-terian minister of Pittsburg, said: Š That grand, good fact suggests to the Christian's minds that if this may be done, so may other equally needful measures.. The church is gaining power, and its voice will be heard in the future much oftener than in the past. And Rev. H. H. George, another Na-tional Reformer, then Field Secretary of the American Sabbath Union, said: Š I have learned that we hold the United States Senate in our hands. Instead of the National Reform Associa-tion standing as a fortress against a union of church and state and the encroachments of the papal church upon the civil power in 