28 LIBERTY In the recent political campaign, the superintendent of this league sent to each candidate a list of questions, in order to ascertain whether he would champion the propaganda that was being carried on by the New York Civic League. The first question asked of each candidate is as follows : Š " Will you vote against all bills to weaken our present Sunday laws, and vote for any reasonable bills to strengthen the same ?."Š The Reform Bulletin, Oct. 3o, 1914. The securing of further and more dras-tic legislation for Sunday observance is one of the principal objects of this or-ganization. That such legislation is re-ligious is self-evident. I herewith submit'the following list of reasons, which will be found in Religious Liberty Leaflet No. 4, page 1o: Š " That all Sunday laws are religious is evident from the following facts : Š " I. They originated when church and state were first united. The first Sunday law was enacted by Constantine, who is commonly known as ' the first Chris-tian emperor.' " 2. They generally have some such title as An act to secure the better ob-servance of the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday.' " 3. The demand for them comes from religious people, or from those whom they succeed in enlisting in their cause. " 4. They are asked for ' to preserve the Christian sabbath as a day of rest and worship.' " 5. The disregard of them is de-cried because it lessens church attend-ance; the enforcement of them, then, must be to increase church attendance. ' Give us good Sunday laws, well en-forced by men in local authority,' says one, ' and our churches will be full of worshipers.'Š Rev. S. V. Leech, D. D., in Homiletic Review, November, 1892. " 6. They require the observance of one day in seven, a purely religious divi-sion of time ; the week, or septenary or-der of days, being founded on the facts  of creation and the institution of the Sab-bath at creation. 7. They prohibit civil things, such as ordinary labor, the handling and sale of goods, business transactions, sports, the opening of public libraries, museums, art galleries, and the like, which can be prohibited only upon religious grounds. " 8. They permit works of mercy and necessity Š a purely religious permission. " 9. They exempt, if at all, only upon religious grounds. Those exempted must ' religiously ' and ' conscientiously ' ob-serve another day. " w. They limit, circumscribe, or in-terdict nearly everything except the re-ligious observance of the day ; that is left free. " All this goes to show that the institution concerning which the laws are made is religious and not civil, and that the only reason it is ever called civil is to disarm suspicion as to its real na-. ture, obtain control of the civil power for its enforcement, and cause its nonob-servance to be regarded as a crime, and prosecutions by the state for Sunday work and trade to appear consistent and right." Furthermore, Dr. W. F. Crafts, who is the dominating spirit back of the New York Civic League, acknowledges the re-ligious character of Sunday legislation in these words:Š " A weekly day of rest has never been secured in any land except on the basis of religious obligation. Take the reli-gion out and you take the rest out." On what ground can those who are seeking for laws to enforce a religious institution deny the same privilege to Ro-man Catholics who may wish to promote some of their religious objects by the aid of the civil law? They can rightfully say to the New York Civic League and all other so-called Protestant organiza-tions, " Physician, heal thyself." In fact, the Protestants are repeating the history of Rome in their efforts to secure Sunday legislation. The Bishop of Rome, in a convention held at Carthage in 40!, petitioned the emperor " that 