26 LIBERTY cial were freed from religious tests, and the forces of religion were set free to do their work without the bondage and, what may be more dangerous, the pat-ronage of the state. The story of the struggles of the nations of Europe, Italy, France, Portugal, Germany, and Eng-land toward this freedom during the past generation, fills us with gratitude for our happy heritage." Turning to the present condition of religious faith in the United States : Š " Now, however, that in most parts of our country we have all races and faiths and no faiths, there is a sensitiveness to the teaching of even the simplest ele-ments of the Christian faith, which, if we are to uphold liberty of conscience, must be regarded. And so it has come about that through protests from many directions, religious teaching has been reduced to a vanishing-point in the pub-lic schools. Here, then, we have one acute phase of the American situation,Ša people of nearly one hundred millions, who, on the whole, are a religious people, heartily supporting a great educational system in which they firmly believe, from which the positive teaching of religion is excluded." Many are arguing to-day " that we are paying too high a price for our religious liberty in the loss of religion from our public schools." This situation, how-ever, he believes can be met through the religious influence of the home, and through the personal religious awakening of those who stand as instructors and educators : Š " You may shut out every word of Bible or God from the class-room; but while the teacher, a woman of faith, love, and prayer, teaches, you can not shut out religion. More, far more, you may call your schools godless, and harden your churches with formalism; but if the boy is going home every night to a home saturated with the spirit of religion, he is getting a religious education. This, then, is the thought that I want to em-phasize : We may have in our public schools fuller and better teachings in  morals and ethics; we must have, so long as there are some religious teachers and some religious homes, a touch of religious atmosphere in the schools ; but we can not have, and have no right to ex- pect, any such definite or positive relig- ious education in our day-schools as to sustain, or even give much aid to, the re- ligious life of the children. We must keep this clearly in mind, if we want to rouse ourselves or to rouse others to a sense of duty and opportunity in discov-ering other means for the religious educa-tion of our children. Let this also be clear : Because there is no definite relig-ious teaching or even religious atmos-phere in the school, that is no reason why the child should not receive a rich religious training ; the question of place and hour is of little importance. We have become so accustomed to the thought of religion in the public schools that we think if the schools do not provide it, there must be no religion. One might almost as well say that be-cause the public schools provide no breakfast, there is no breakfast." Above all, Bishop Lawrence argues that in the conditions which exist in the world at the present time, the chief peril to be considered is that of the home and home life. He argues that it is time to cease repining, and go to work to redeem the home and upbuild the ideals in the family : Š " Our conclusion, therefore, is this,Šthat as a power for personal religion, there is nothing equal to the influence or teaching of a spiritually minded, pray-ing, and intelligently praying mother, in the first few years of a child's life; then comes the opportunity of both parents, in simple, quiet leadership, carrying the son or daughter as far as is in their power toward an intelligent, thoughtful faith. The essence of true religion is in its touch upon the individual soul ; but its results must be the development of the whole man, body, mind, and spirit, into the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ ; ' and while the church worships, preaches, and educates, she 