LIB ERT Y In 1647 the Westminster Confession of Faith was adopted, which authorized officials of the English church-and-state system to do all that Rome could have asked the state to grant her permission to do. In 1689 came the Toleration act of William and Mary, which granted toleration to Quakers and Protestant dis-senters, but left Catholics and anti-trinitarians outside the scope of its beneficence. But for even this small measure of toleration we are indebted to the persistent agitation of the Ana-baptists, many of whose tracts were written in prison. To these people we are indebted for the declaration that every man's worship should be in accord-ance with " the dictates of his own con-science." Through them the doctrine of religious liberty was transferred to America, and through their oppressors came the opposite principle in super-abundance, so that in every colony save Rhode Island and Maryland the heavy hand of religious oppression was felt. Men and women were whipped, fined, imprisoned, and executed on the soil of the New World for exercising liberty to believe the Word of God and practise its teachings. The state established the church, supported it by general taxation, and compelled the people, under pain of fines and imprisonments, to attend its services and accept its teachings. All religious instruction not authorized by the established church was put under the ban, and all unauthorized teachers of the Word were criminals, to be dealt with by the state. In spite of these forbidding circum-stances, the leaven of better things was working in all the colonies. Where ex-isted a system denying religious freedom to all save those of the established church, there was to be established a sys-tem that would recognize the freedom of the soul from the control of the civil power. Like the persecutions in the time of the apostles, the New England persecutions only served to spread the doctrine it condemned. The banishment of Roger Williams in 1635 planted a  State which stood for the principles for which he was banished. The history of all the different colonies where church and state were united reads very simi-larly in respect to religious intolerance. Though the manner of punishment for dissenters differed, the institution that fostered it was the same, and the church that persecuted dissenters in one colony had its own members persecuted in an-other. In each colony the fact was de-monstrated that wherever a church is es-tablished by law, conscience is made an outlaw. In the midst of such travesties on true religion Roger Williams and his compatriots were making a " livelie ex-periment," which is still living, and the influence of which will never die. In the constitution, or charter, of Rhode Island we find the church disestablished, the principles of republicanism and the equality of man established, and the pro-hibition of all religious tests for the holding of public office Ñ principles later incorporated into the Constitution of the United States, but logically lacking in the charters and constitutions of all the church-and-state colonies. The uneasiness of souls in bondage, the leaven of a spiritual unrest, the per-sistent teachings of such believers as the Quakers and Anabaptists, and the inhu-man punishments inflicted, were having their effect in all the colonies. The peo-ple were drifting away from their op-pressive leaders. In New England the arrogance of the hierarchy was such that it resulted in its own down fall at the hand of the king of England, and the revocation of the colony's charter in the year 1685. In 1691 a new charter was granted to Massachusetts, which guar-anteed 'religious liberty to all " except papists." But it was not until 1833 that church and state were finally separated in that State. The same struggle went on in Vir-ginia, where Baptists, Quakers, and Presbyterians felt the heavy hand of the established church. Not until 1774, two years before the Declaration of Inde-pendence, did light begin to break in Vir- 