LIBERTY 71 This proposed legislation is entirely inde-fensible, inasmuch as it enables Congress to exercise indirectly a power which was not conferred upon it either directly or indirectly by the.  Constitution; namely, the power to con-trol the press in favor of religion. I maintain that Congress has no right of control over religion of any kind as such, and can properly deal only with men as citizens of this world, protecting them in the exercise of their rights as citizens, and merely preventing them from interfering with the equal rights of other citi-zens. The truth of the matter was set forth  signed to secure the exclusion from the United States mails of certain publications which are especially offensive to Roman Catholics. I do not believe in the use of indecent or scurrilous language in the discussion of any subject, and I heartily wish that all writers would use such language as could not prop-erly give offense to any one; but if these evils exist to such an extent that they need to be repressed, the parties, when proved guilty by a fair trial, should be duly punished, and the whole press of the country should not be subjected to an arbitrary censorship REV. CLARENCE A. VINCENT, WASH- INGTON, D. C. by Hon. Frank H. Hitchcock in a letter dated March 22, 1912 Š ' "It is not probable that under our federal Constitution which prohibits interference with religious opinion in any way, a law could be passed restraining criticism of religious faiths." ŠHon. Frank H. Hitchcock, Postmaster-General, March 22, 1912. Governmental Censorship These bills would establish a government censorship of the press which would be fatal to free discussion, and would prevent that untrammeled expression of opinion which is vitally essential to the life of the republic. While these bills are clothed in general terms, it is yet well known that they are de- JOHN D. BRADLEY, WASH- INGTON, D. C. in order to punish a few alleged offenders. Rev. Howard G. England, president of the Washington Court of the Guardians of Liberty, a clergyman of the Episcopal Church, addressed the committee in op- position to the bills. He said : Š Mr. Chairman, as a priest of the Catholic Church [Anglican] and an officer of a patri-otic society which has nearly a million mem-bers in the United States, I protest against the passage of these bills as un-American and unnecessary. There is no demand from any but Roman Catholics for such laws. Consid-erable has been said about the Menace and other papers. . . . I would not be in favor 