LIBERTY 17 ment, is good evidence in itself that the law is illegal, unconstitutional, and out of place in any civil government. In-stead, therefore, of this being the best Sunday law in the United States, it may more properly be styled one of the worst, if not the worst, in all the country. The last section of the law simply di-rects that the fines collected from viola-tions of the law shall be paid into the common. school fund of the county. Origin of the Law The people of Idaho may as well know first as last the character, nature, and origin of the Sunday law which has been placed upon their statute-books. The leaflet just quoted, and the State Sunday law here reviewed, both had the same origin. Both emanated from the Inter-national Reform Bureau of Washington, D. C. In the Twentieth Century Quar-terly for December,' 1908, official organ of this bureau, Mr. Crafts, its superin-tendent, said : Š The most eticouraging recent victory is the Idaho Sunday law, drawn and carried to victory by the Reform Bu-reau's Pacific Coast secretary, Dr. G. L. Tufts, who is now leading the united forces of California, in hopeful efforts to secure a similar law. Repeal the Law If persecuting laws of old, the Inquisi-tion, and the inquisitorial methods of promoting religion and producing uni-formity in religion practised during the Dark Ages, were wrong, so is the Idaho Sunday law; and the people of that State would do credit to themselves if, as one man, they arose and demanded the repeal of this iniquitous law which has thus been worked up and foisted upon them by parties outside of their own State, and upon principles both un-American and unchristian. For years Idaho had no Sunday law, and, like California for the past twenty-eight years, got along very well, without one. Let her again take her  stand on the side of liberty and true American principles, as did California in 1883, when the legislature of that State repealed its Sunday law of 1861, though it had been upheld by the Su-preme Court of the State when Mr. Jus-tice Stephen J. Field became chief justice. Religious liberty has cost too much to be lightly set aside now. Let men of principle come to the front and beat back the rising tide of religious bigotry, intol-erance, and oppression. Let there be a recurrence to first and fundamental principles, and ecclesiastical despotism will be routed and driven from the field. Let that which belongs to Caesar be ren-dered to Caesar, but avoid, as you would the plague, that system of either religion or politics which would attempt to com-pel men to render to Caesar or through Caesar that which belongs to God. W. A. C. What Would Jesus Do? THE fundamental idea of the National Reform movement, which has now be-come world-wide, is that of having Jesus Christ enthroned as ruler of the king-doms of this world. The way to deter-mine whether Jesus would accept a king-ship in this world would be to learn what his attitude was toward such a thing when he was here on earth. When Christ was asked by Pilate, "Art thou the King of the Jews? " he said, " My kingdom is not of this world." Again, when Jesus performed that great miracle of feeding the five thousand people with five barley loaves and two small fishes, the people desired to make him king. The record says concerning this incident, " When Jesus. therefore perceived that they would come and take him by force, to make him a king, he departed again into a mountain himself alone." From these, and other statements of Scripture, we learn that the idea of his 