LIBERTY 9 persons who to-day are among those who have the highest regard for the law. Such an utterance, proceeding from the lips of one who sits as chief inter-preter of civil law in a great common-wealth, should be a cause 'of alarm. It is difficult to understand how any one who is acquainted with the history of the Inquisition and the awful persecu-tions that were inflicted upon the early church, could say that it resulted in good, and that its influence upon the people produced the highest regard for law. Conceive, if you can, the terrible cruelty associated with the casting of innocent, godly Christian men, women, and chil-dren into the arena to be devoured by wild and ravenous beasts ; and then try ,to conceive how that can be looked upon as " a good thing," and as " producing the highest regard for law." Again : imagine you can see yonder those helpless victims bound to a stake, where they are burned for no other rea-son than their loyalty to their Saviour. How can a man so warp his conscience and his judgment as to consider that " a good thing " ? Think of the thou- . sands of saintly men and women who have been placed upon the rack and had their very bones drawn from their sockets. Think of the thumbscrew, of the boring of tongues with red-hot irons. Is it pos-sible that Satan has so' blinded the eyes of men in this generation that they have forgotten the measureless cost of the lib-erties which have been handed down to us by our forefathers as a sacred her-itage? When we come to lookŁ upon such terrible doings as beneficial, we shall be ready to advocate their repeti-tion in our own day. Nothing could be further from the truth than the statement that persecu-tions produced the highest regard for law. It was because of awful intolerance and horrible persecutions that the French Revolution swept France with the besom  of destruction. That nightmare of riot, ruin, and revenge stands forth in bold relief as an exhibition of the greatest disregard for law the world has ever known. Other illustrations might be cited to emphasize this fact, but this will suffice. Not to persecution are we to look as the cause of any good that has ever come to the church or the world in any genera-tion. That God is able to make the wrath of man to praise him does not argue for the beneficial influence of the wrath of man. The good has come because of the wonderful examples of unyielding fidel-ity and devotion to Christ which demon-strated God's power to sustain men and women when subjected to the horrible persecutions already indicated. It was because of morally necessary disobedience to laws that invaded the rights of conscience that persecution came upon the early church. Because God's people have been compelled by conscience to disregard unjust laws, per-secutions have 'been visited upon them in all ages. The Hebrew children were cast into the fiery furnaCe because they dis-obeyed the decree of the heathen king Nebuchadnezzar. Daniel was thrown into the lions' den because he disobeyed an iniquitous law. And of Christ it was said, " We have a law, and by our law he ought to die." So long as the state continues to leg-islate upon things of a religious charac-ter, as this eminent jurist advocates, so long will Christian men' and women be found walking in the footsteps of the martyrs. With a power-hunting church seeking the aid of the civil law, and many civic officials willing to grant her demands, the inevitable result is persecution. This condition will be speedily brought about when jurists and churchmen are so blinded that they believe persecution a good thing, and productive of the highest 