LIBERTY 83 their teachings. When any religion be-comes a religion of civil law, it ceases to be a religion of love. True religious re-forms are accomplished, " not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zech. 4: 6. The success of the present movement for religious legislation means the unit-ing of church and state, the subversion of civil government, the decline of piety, faith, and genuine religion, and the end of civil and religious freedom. If it succeeds, the rights of conscience will be invaded, religious persecution will be re- and his companions, will not sacrifice conscience and the truth in deference to popular errors. History will be re-peated. It is hard for men to learn that the same rights which they claim for themselves they are in duty bound to ex-tend to others, however widely they may differ from them. No man himself desires to be coerced by others as to what he shall believe and practice, and no one ought therefore to assume-  or claim the right to coerce an-other in this respect. The liberty which each desires for himself he should freely Photo by Underwood & Underwood, New York EVEN THE CHURCHES DO NOT ESCAPE THE RUINOUS BLASTS OF WAR vived, and, in the face of oppression, men will again have to choose whether they will obey God or men. Any movement, however mild and Christian at first in appearance, which seeks to advance religion by religious legislation, will, when fully developed, manifest the same intolerance and op-pression that have prevailed in past ages. Human councils then assumed the pre-rogatives of Deity, crushing under their despotic power liberty of conscience and freedom of speech and action. Impris-onment, exile, and death followed for those who opposed their dictates. If this principle shall again be legislated into power, the fires of persecution will be rekindled against those who, like Daniel  grant to others. For each to demand his own rights is not the basis of true lib-erty. Each must recognize and respect the equal rights of others, before free-dom is insured. This is the golden rule of life,Š" Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so to them." This is the true panacea for bigotry, intolerance, and persecution. c. M. s. 0.4 No free people can lose their liberties while they are jealous of liberty. But the liberties of the freest people are in danger when they set up symbols of lib-erty as fetishes, worshiping the symbol instead of the principle it represents.ŠLouis F. Post. 