LIBERTY  19 ginia. With the dawn of the Revolution came better days for the oppressed Christians of that commonwealth. The same year that the Declaration of Inde-pendence was adopted, the Virginia Con-vention adopted its famous Bill of Rights, whose sixteenth article declares the principle of religious liberty. The downfall of British rule in the United States was practically coincident with.  the downfall of the established church in Virginia. The great majority of the State con-stitutions, while containing many of the grand principles of the national Consti-tution, contained also some of the prin-ciples of church-and-state union. Some seeds of the old order of things were left, and are bearing evil fruit to-day. The opponents of religious freedom in the days of the Constitution's adoption have never lacked successors. An at-tempt was made in 1829 to have Con-gress committed to a career of religious legislation. The effort was brought to naught by the masterly defense of Col. Richard M. Johnson ; but in the year 1864 the forces opposed to the freedom of conscience began an active, systematic campaign to re-establish religious thral-dom in this country. That organization, the National Reform Association, has called to its aid the American Sabbath Union, the W. C. T. U., the labor unions, the Lord's. Day Alliance, the Roman Catholic Church, and numerous State organizations, to insure the enactment of laws for the enforcement of a religious ordinance Ñ the Sunday sabbath Ñ the first step toward a union of religion and the state. These organizations, banded together for the accomplishment of that purpose, must be looked upon as one in spirit, actuated by one motive. That motive has been forcefully ex-pressed by the prime movers in the un-dertaking. It is that religion shall be established by law; that the hand of op-pression shall be laid upon non-conform-ists again as in colonial days. In 1888 Congress was besieged again by the same forces for the same purpose, and found  an able champion in Senator Blair, of New Hampshire. In 1892 came the Supreme Court dictum that " this is a Christian nation," and the forces of ret-rogression and soul-thraldom had won a victory that meant much for them. Since that pronouncement, those forces have taken new heart, and redoubled their efforts to re-establish a censorship over religion in America. To assist in the work outlined by the instigator of the undertaking Ñ the Na-tional Reform Association Ñ the various organizations named have pledged them-selves. The most forceful and efficient ally of that organization is the Catholic Church, which sees in this backward movement the abandonment of Protes-tant principles. That she plans even-tually to lead the undertaking is shown in the recent declaration of her purpose to build here an enduring edifice " upon the ruins of decaying Protestantism." Seeing in such movements as the Na-tional Reform Association has inaugu-rated an unmistakable evidence of an abandonment of Protestant principles, and seeing the success of that organiza-tion in winning other so-called Protes-tant organizations to its standard, the Roman Church rightly argues that Prot-estantism is no longer a power to be dreaded, but a force to be guided; and she, the Roman Church, will act as the guide. She declared her intention of being that guide when she declared that " all Catholics should exert their power to cause the constitutions of States to be modeled on the principles of the true church." This  religio-political  combination, which already professes to hold the Con-gress of the United States in its hands, is even now beginning to come under the leadership of Rome. When that combi-nation, through its increased power and influence, shall have actually accom-plished what it now professes to have already accomplished, and when Rome realizes her purpose to be the leader of the combination, as she confidently expects to do, it is not difficult to 