70 LIBERTY The press is the best instrument for enlightening the mind of man, and improving him as a rational, moral, and social being.Š Thomas Jefferson, in 1823. silence means to purchase friendship at the sacrifice of free American institu-tions, right principles, honor, and justice, then the price of peace is too high. We much deplore the fact that our Roman Catholic friends are making this a purely sectarian issue. What We Fear We fear that this aggressive cam-paign on the part of the Catholic Church in America to induce Congress to deprive American citizens of their cherished and blood-bought liberties, will result in a great increase of bitter feeling toward the Catholic hierarchy and Catholic organi-zations, similar to the feeling at the time of the great Reformation in Europe, and more recently in other parts of the world. Any encroachments on the part of a for-eign power which has alien principles of government, upon the right of the people to rule, will be most bitterly resented and resisted here. Consequently, we deplore the fact that the Catholic Church has made this a denominational issue, and ac-cording to the testimony of Catholics themselves has " appealed to Congress- men " " for six years " for them " to champion a Catholic cause," thus launch-ing a national campaign to silence " pub-lications that attack the Catholic Church and its institutions." Let Charity and Equality Prevail Both Protestants and Catholics are alike guilty of abusing the privilege of a free press in heaping ridicule and con-tempt upon each other and their peculiar doctrines. If a Protestant can endure Catholic abuse through the press under existing American law, why cannot a Catholic be content with equal treatment and privileges ? It seems strange that Catholics want publications shut out of the mails for at-tacking the Catholic Church, while Cath-olic publications continue to attack the Protestant church and its institutions. This is inconsistent. Protestants are not appealing to Congressmen to introduce bills to shut Catholic publications out of the mails. They have nothing to fear in a free field. They ask only equal rights, equal opportunities. Why should Ro-man Catholics ask for special protection? t Enforced Religious Observance Tends to Immorality BY JOHN N. QUINN MORALITY, a morality which is woven into the very fiber of the life, is the ulti-mate of Christianity. The method em-ployed in the production of this experi-ence is peculiar to the teaching of Jesus Christ, in that it absolutely repudiates physical force. Compulsory service is infinitely infe-rior to that which is voluntary, but ear-nest service will ever spring from the conciliated heart. Morality is of the mind and heart, hence never can be produced by civil enactment. Many religionists are zealous for the  enforced observance of Sunday, hoping in this way to add to the morality and the well-being of the whole people. History furnishes at least three interesting experi-ences in which immorality Š not morality Š followed in the wake of religion en-forced by law. Christianity's First Legal Recognition Constantine was the first of the Roman emperors to recognize Christianity, and to enact a law making Sunday observ-ance obligatory orr at least a part of the people. Of this law, which was enacted A. D. 321, it is written : Š 