LIBERTY 27 must have such interest in the improve-ment of conditions, especially in relation to the family, as will make her work ef-fective." As Bishop Lawrence truly says, the first and most important place for relig-ious instruction is in the home. Our forefathers built wisely and well when they established the American state with the recognition of no religion, leaving the religious instruction where it prop-erly belongs,Š to the church, the home, and the individual. The strength of this government will be in conserving those  high ideals which stood before the minds of its founders. A departure from them will corrupt the church, and wreck the ship of state upon the shoals and rocks of religious bigotry and intolerance, as European nations have been wrecked be-fore it. The strength of the American state, and the strength of the Christian church in America, is in preserving in-violate the principles of state and church separation and the equality of men before the law upon which this government was established. Washington, D. C. Judge Grosscup on Religion in the Public Schools FRANKLIN BLISS JUDGE GROSSCUP, of the United States Circuit Court, Chicago, at a public meet-ing in that city not long ago, attempted a solution of the vexing problem of re-ligion in the public schools. It might well be expected that jurists of the emi-nence of this gentleman would have the clearest sort of views of the legitimate province of government in its relations to things religious, and that those views would harmonize with the sound dec-larations of the venerated " fathers " of the nation ; but how far his attitude is from that of Washington, Jefferson, Madison, Franklin, and a host of others, may be gathered from the following: Š " There should be spiritual instruction in the public schools of the United States. The need of spiritual education is a vital need for the future of the na-tion. Jesus Christ should not be barred from the schools. " While I believe there is no reason to be anything but optimistic concerning the religious side of the life of the United States, there is certainly one great danger and decided drawback to the fullest possible influence of relig-ion in this country. The danger lies in the fact that there are such differences of opinion between the various religious sects of Christianity as to the interpreta- tion of the ideas of Jesus Christ that re-ligion is excluded from the schools. . . . " I have no specific remedy to suggest, although there are one or two remedial possibilities which suggest themselves. The remedy will have to be felt out by the public. One thing that might be done would be for all the churches of all the denominations to unite on some con-crete things on which they all agree, and which could be taught in the schools with the consent of all denominations. If this were done, it would mean that the churches would meet on the broadest possible ground, on the basic principles to which they could all subscribe. But this certainly would not occur for a long time. When it is possible, it surely would be a very admirable thing, both for the churches and for the nation. " Another possible remedy for the ex-clusion of spiritual training from the schools would be for groups of children to receive religious instruction from per-sons named by the churches to impart that instruction. There would be courses in religion as there are courses in polit-ical science or political economy. Two or three sects which agree closely on matters theological could unite under this plan and designate persons who would give the courses for these sects. 