LIBERTY 55 There seem to be a few among us who wish us to retrace our steps, and resort to censorships again in advance of publication, and make it a crime to publish anything not permitted in advance by the censor. Do they know what they are doing? Do they know anything of the history and literature of the subject? Do they know that the censorships of past ages did immeasurably more harm than good? Do they ever stop to think that such censorships now would do even more harm than they did in past ages, in comparison with what little good they might possibly do? I do not believe the people of this country are ready to permit any censor to decide in advance what may be published for them to read. . . . Our laws forbid the publication of any libelous, obscene, indecent, immoral, or impure picture or reading matter. Is not that enough? If any one does this, he commits a criminal offense and may be punished therefor.Š Mayor Gaynor. measure, they will suffer the loss of the Catholic vote. This religious boycott is a characteristic Roman Catholic way of dealing with such questions. It is equiv-alent to saying to every Congressman, " You must vote to please Roman Cath-olics, or we will defeat you at the polls." Yet we are assured that the Roman Cath-olic Church is not in politics ! A careful examination of Catholic thought relative to this campaign dis-closes two reasons for this attack : First, many members of the Catholic Church are being alienated from that communion through contact with publications reveal-ing the errors and abuses of that church; second, a large number of Catholics have met political defeat through the influence of non-Catholic periodicals. The resolution quoted above, states its purpose to fight literature that opposes the Catholic Church. This was again ex-pressed at the hearing on Mr. Fitzgerald's bill. Mr. Mayer said : Š It is the practice to use the mails to cir-culate scandalous and libelous articles ; . . . it is a direct attack upon one particular re-ligion, upon the Catholic Church. That, in my judgment, is the intent of these publications. There are, I understand, 16,000,000 Catholics in this country, and there are approximately 20,000 Catholic priests. I believe I voice their sentiments when I say they want protection against the slanderous and scurrilous articles that are circulated through the mails. . It is my particular religion that is attacked, and I feel it. 'The Catholic Church has met a severe repulse in its political activities recently.  Mr. O'Gorman, of the United States Senate, in a letter published in the Cath-olic Tablet, says that " fifty-three Demo-cratic Congressmen were defeated either at the primaries or at the recent elections, and of this number it is said forty were Catholics, and their defeat is said to be due to the A. P. A. agitation."Š Brook-lyn (N. Y.) Tablet, Jan. 16, 1915. It can be easily understood why Cath-olics are entering upon such an active campaign for keeping out of the mails all matter that reflects upon their " faith." What Makes Literature Immoral? Whether a publication is legally im-moral or not depends upon the viewpoint. Anything that plainly tends to produce immorality would come under present federal law. But the mere exposure of immorality is not sufficient reason to suppress a publication. Two cases relating to the circulation of obscene and immoral literature through the mails were in federal courts in January. Both resulted in a victory for the free press. The settlement of the last one, in which the Menace was involved, brought forth an interesting comment from the Catholic Columbian of Jan. 21, 1916:Š "The expected has happened, and the Missouri sheet has been declared by a jury in a federal court Š not guilty.' . . . One may well doubt whether a jury in any part of the land could be found that would do otherwise. The remedy lies in the hands of the national Postal The only publications in this country that would come within the pale defined by Congressman Fitzgerald's bill are those which are attacking the Catholic Church.ŠThe Brooklyn Tablet (Roman Catholic), Jan. 8, 1916, p. 1, col. 6. 