LIBERTY 15 namely, because of the supposedly relig-ious character of the day. It is plain, therefore, that this proposed legislation is demanded in the interest of a religious institution, and that " the proper observance of Sunday " means the observ-ance of the day in harmony with its sup-posedly sacred character in contrast with the observance of the usual secular holi-days purely as civil institutions. Religious in Its Character Again, the exception made in favor of " household work, or other work of neces-sity or charity," is couched in the familiar language which is used to indicate such work as may be performed upon a sacred day, and this makes it evident that the real purpose of this bill is to further the relig-ious observance of the first day of the week. To forbid, under penalties, upon the first day of the week, acts which are right and proper in themselves, is to make a dis-tinction between days rather than between acts, and this recognition of six days as secular and one day as a sacred day has always rested upon the institution of the Sabbath, and indicates clearly that the proposed legislation is religious in its char-acter. In support of this contention I quote from the " Relation of Religion to Civil Government in the United States of Amer-ica," by Isaac A. Cornelison, published by G. P. Putnam's Sons, 1895, page 314: " If, upon my returning from the field, after a hard day's work, weary and almost faint-ing, and very thirsty, I should find on my table a glass of wine and a glass of water, and should choose the wine, it would be preposterous for me to say that I was de-termined in my choice solely by the desire to quench my thirst, and not at all by my desire for the invigorating influence of the wine. It is no less preposterous to say, when the state chooses the Lord's day as the legal day of rest, that it was determined in its choice wholly by temporal and sec-ular considerations, and not at all by relig-ious considerations. It is beyond all ques-tion that part of the law appointing the weekly day of rest Š that part which de-termines that it shall be one day in seven and not one day in six, or eight, or ten, and that part which makes the Lord's day, and not some other day, the day of restŠwas determined 1,y Christian considera-tions, and by these alone." An Infringement upon Religious Liberty That the purpose of this bill is to pro-tect the day as a religious institution is clearly indicated in that it assumes to con-trol the conduct of the individual, even to forbidding innocent sports and amuse-ments. That such a prohibition is an in-fringement upon religious liberty is plainly stated by Tiedemann, in his work on " Lim-itations of the Police Power," as follows: SENATOR GAMBLE OF SOUTH DAKOTA, A MEMBER OF THE SUBCOMMITTEE WHICH Ł GAVE THE HEARING, Who has declared himself as favorable to a law similar to that of California. " The indulgence in quiet, orderly amuse-ments, since they involve no violations of private right, can not be prohibited by law without infringing upon the religious lib-erty of those who are prevented, and such regulations would therefore be unconstitu-tional. It is barely possible, but doubtful, that a law could be sustained under the principles here advanced which required that the front doors of stores and places of amusement should be kept closed on Sunday, but not otherwise interfering with the noiseless occupations and diversions. The total prohibition of such employments and labor on Sunday, except possibly for a reason to be suggested and explained later, 