18 LIBERTY borhood which are calculated to prevent a conflict of rights and to insure to each the uninterrupted enjoyment of his own, so far as is reasonably consistent with a corresponding enjoyment by others, is usually spoken of as the authority or power of police."Š Cooley's Const. Law, page 238. " All property and all rights within the jurisdiction of a State are subject to the regulations and restraints of its police power, except so far as they are removed therefrom by the express provisions or implications of the federal Constitution." Šlb. " The police power may be defined in general terms as that power which in-heres in the legislature to make, ordain, and establish all manner of reasonable regulations and laws whereby to pre-serve the peace and order of society and the safety of its members, and to pre-scribe the mode and manner in which every one may so use and enjoy that which is his own as not to preclude a cor-responding use and enjoyment of their own by others."Š Id., pages 320, 321. Mr. Cooley draws the preceding con-clusions from decisions rendered by courts in a number of cases, and it must be o')served that police power and police regulations have their limitations, and are not considered valid when exercised against natural and inalienable rights. Differing Opinions Many decisions may be quoted to show that a wide difference of opinion exists among jurists regarding the right of the state to enforce Sunday laws under the authority of police power. Perhaps a few in opposition to Justice Robb's de-cision on the question of police regula-tion may be appropriate: Š " Power given to a municipality to make regulations to secure the general health of the inhabitants, and to prevent and remove nuisances, does not authorize Sunday ordinances." Š American and English Encyclopedia of Law, Vol. XXVII, page. 392. " The power to pass laws for the pres-ervation of the health and comfort of  the town is limited to such ordinances as relate to these two objects. " It would be a strained and far-fetched construction to hold that viola-tion's of the Sabbath per se would affect the health of the citizens or constitute a nuisance."Š 12 Lea, Tennessee Reports, page 507. " Making it a misdemeanor to keep open and conduct a barber shop, or to work as a barber, on Sundays and other holidays, is an undue restraint of per-ional liberty, and is special legislation, based upon an arbitrary classification, and not a proper exercise of the police power, and is unconstitutional and void." Š Decision of Supreme Court of Cali-fornia, April 17, 1896. If the courts are to deal with the ques-tion of rest in connection with the pub-lic health, why not see to it that all people shall be compelled to retire at an early hour of the natural rest time, which is the night. Sabbath observance was in-stituted, not primarily for physical rest, but for cessation from worldly employ-ment in order to engage in the worship of the Creator. " It would be," as the Tennessee judge declares, " a strained at.d far-fetched construction to hold that violations of the Sabbath per se would affect the health of the citizens or constitute a nuisance." The Underlying Object The true and underlying object of Sunday laws and their enforcement is expressed in the following: Š " Give us good Sunday laws, well en-forced by men in local authority, and our churches will be full of worshipers, and our young men and women will be attracted to the divine service. A mighty combination of the churches of the United States could win from Congress, the State legislatures, and municipal councils all legislation essential to this splendid result."Š Rev. S. V. Leech. D. D., in Homiletic Review for Novem-ber, 1892. " During nearly all our American his-tory the churches have influenced the States to make and improve Sabbath 