28 LIBERTY When he presented the report before the Senate, Mr. Johnson said: Š " Now, some denominations considered one day the most sacred and some looked to another, and these petitions for the re-of 1825 did, in fact, call.  Who is Tract in Congress," Volume V, pages 42, 43.) Representative passages from Senator Johnson's report are as follows : Š " Extensive religious combinations, to effect a political object, are, in the opinion of the committee, always dangerous. This first effort of the kind calls for the estab-lishment of a principle which, in the opin-ion of the committee, would lay the foun-dation for dangerous innovations upon the spirit of the Constitution and upon the religious rights of the citizens. " Congress has never legislated upon the subject. It rests, as it ever has done, in the legal discretion of the Postmaster-General, under the repeated refusals of  Congress to discontinue the Sabbath mails. " While the mail is transported on Sat-urday, the Jew and the Sabbatarian may abstain from any agency in carrying it from conscientious scruples. While it is transported o n the first day of t h e week, any other class may abstain from the same religious scruples. T h e obligation o f the government is the same to both these classes; and the committee c a n discern no prin-ciple on which the claims o f o n e should be respected more than those of the other, un-less it should be admitted that the consciences of the minority are leas sacred than those of t h e majority." (S. Does. 2d ses., loth Cong., Doc. 46 ; also " Reg- ister of De-bates," Vol. V. Appen., p. 24.) The adoption of Mr. Johnson's report settled the question of Sunday legislation by Congress for many years. Its revival calls forth this memorial asking that Con-gress will not reverse its decision made in 1830. Second. In addition to the fact that after a discussion lasting twenty years, Congress determined to abide by its con-stitutional restrictions touching Sunday laws, we offer another objection to the bills now before it. Leaving out the his-toric fact that Sunday laws have always been avowedly religious, we call attention to the religious elements and priticiples con-tained in the bills now before you. They create crime by assuming that secular la- peal of the law upo n Congress to settle what was the law of God. The com-mittee h a d framed their re-port upon prin-ciples of policy and expediency. It was but the first step taken, that they were to legislate upon religious grounds, and it made no sort of difference which was the day asked to be set apart, which day was to be considered sacred, whether it was the first or the seventh, the p rinciple was wrong. It was upon this ground that the committee went in making their report." ("Reg-ister of Debates A. Ii. LEWIS, PLAINFIELD, N, J. the corresponding secretary of the American Sabbath Society, and an earnest champion of religious liberty. 