LIBERTY 5 0') That a combination of this character is a menace to the highest interests of the country, and that it threatens the overthrow of principles fundamental to the welfare of the nation, were clearly perceived fourscore years ago, and as clearly defined in the Sunday Mail Re-port communicated to the United States Senate, Jan. 19, 1829. We quote a por-tion of that weighty document : Š Extensive religious combinations to effect a political object are, in the opin-ion of the committee, always dangerous. This first effort of this kind calls for the establishment of a principle which, in the opinion of the committee, would lay the foundation for dangerous innova-tions upon the spirit of the Constitution, and upon the religious rights of the citi-zens. If admitted, it may be justly ap-prehended that the future measures of the government will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled, by the same influence. All religious despotism com-mences by combination and influence ; and when that influence begins to oper-ate upon the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it ; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequence.Ł We may legitimately judge of the fu-ture work of this great combination by its own activities in the past. The report of the permanent secretary called atten-tion to three victories gained in the legislative field ; namely, the improved divorce law in South Dakota, the anti-gambling law in the State of New York. and the amelioration of the condition of the inhabitants of the basin of the Kongo. Referring to these achieve-ments, the secretary said : " This brief summary of office and executive work illustrates the power of federated action in winning victories where moral issues were involved." The secretary took a hopeful view of the possibility of fu-ture success in the same field of work, and declared : Š A body of men that represents to any  extent a constituency that includes a church-membership of over seventeen millions, and a family and individual constituency of more than half the popu-lation of this nation of eighty millions, can but receive world-wide recognition from those whb thoughtfully watch the trend of national and international af-fairs. Plans of organization were approved looking toward the extension of this DR. E. B. SANFORD, PERMANENT SECRE- TARP OF THE FEDERAL COUNCIL OF CHURCHES principle of " combined influence," not only by making the Federal Council of Churches efficient in its operation, but by developing the same principle in the federation of the churches of each State, of each county, and of each city and town, until the whole country would thus be within the grip of this religio-political combination. An effective way to make this influence felt in the most practical manner was thus stated : Š 