40 LIBERTY President Roosevelt on Religion and Politics [The attempt to inject religion into the recent presidential campaign has called forth from President Roosevelt, now that the campaign is over, a clear and vigorous setting forth of the princi-ples which should govern in such things. This letter is in reality a reply to the whole controversy, though especially a reply to one of his correspondents. We quote the letter entire.Š ED.] " MY DEAR SIR : I have received your letter, running, in part, as follows : While it is claimed almost univer-sally that. religion should not enter into politics, yet there is no denying that it does, and the mass of the voters that are not Catholics will not support a man for any office, especially for president of the United States, who is a Roman Catholic. " Since Taft has been nominated for president by the Republican party, it is being circulated and is constantly urged as a reason for not voting for Taft, that he is an infidel (Unitarian), and his wife and brother are Roman Catholics. . . . " If his feelings are in sympathy with the Roman Catholic Church on account of his wife and brother being Catholics, that would be objectionable to a suffi-cient number of voters to defeat him. On the other hand, if he is an infidel, that would be sure to mean defeat. . . . I am writing this letter for the sole pur-pose of giving Mr. Taft an opportunity to let the world know what his religious belief is.' " I received many such letters as yours during the campaign, expressing dissat-isfaction with Mr. Taft on religious grounds ; some of them on the ground that he was a Unitarian, and others on the ground that he was suspected to be in sympathy with Catholics. Calls It an Outrage "I did not answer any of these letters during the campaign because I regarded it as an outrage even to agitate such a  question as a man's religious convic-tions with the purpose of influencing a political election. But now that the cam-paign is over, when there is opportunity for men calmly to consider whither such propositions as these you make in your letter would lead, I wish to invite them to consider them, and I have selected your letter to answer because you ad-vance both the objections commonly urged against Mr. Taft; namely, that he is a Unitarian, and also that he is sus-pected of sympathy with the Catholics. " You ask that Mr. Taft shall let the world know what his religious belief is.' This is purely his own private concern ; and it is a matter between him and his Maker, a matter for his own conscience, and to require it to be made public under penalty of political discrimination, is to negative the first principles of our gov-ernment, which guarantee complete re-ligious liberty and the right to each man to act in religious affairs as his own conscience dictates. Taft Never Sought Advice " Mr. Taft never asked my advice in the matter, but if he had asked it, I should have emphatically advised him against thus stating publicly his religious belief. The demand for a statement of a candidate's religious belief can have no meaning except that there may be dis-crimination for or against him because of that belief. " Discrimination against the holder of one faith means retaliatory discrimina-tion against men of other faiths. The in-evitable result of entering upon such a practise would be an abandonment of our real freedom of conscience and a rever-sion to the dreadful conditions of relig-ious dissension which in so many lands have proved fatal to true liberty, to true religion, and to all advance in civilization. "Outrage Again:t Liberty" " To discriminate against a thoroughly upright citizen because he belongs to some particular church, or because, like Abraham Lincoln, he has not avowed his allegiance to any church, is an outrage 