LIBERTY 13 It is almost impossible to judge where the line may be drawn. The tendency of the times is toward greater toleration, but it would seem to be a matter for in-dividual man and his individual con-science to settle, rather than the fallible human maker of laws. Writing from Paris to James Madison, in 1787, concerning his views of the newly framed Constitution for the United States, Thomas Jefferson, after calling attention to those features in it which he liked, said : Š I will now add what I do not like. First, the omission of a bill of rights pro-viding clearly and without the aid of sophisms for freedom of religion, free-dom of the press, protection against standing armies, restriction against mo-nopolies, the eternal and unremitting force of the habeas corpus laws, and trials by jury in all matters of fact triable by the laws of the land and not by the laws of the nation. . . . A bill of rights is what the people are entitled to against every government on earth.Š" Thomas Jefferson, His Life and Writings," by S. D. Forman, page 169. Writing again the following year to Stephens Smith, he said : Š I am glad to learn that the new Consti-tution will undoubtedly be received by a sufficiency of the States to set it a going. Were I in America, I would advocate it warmly till nine should have adopted it, and then as warmly take the other side to convince the remaining four that they ought not to come into it until the decla-ration of rights is annexed to it. By this means we should secure all the good of it, and procure so respectable an op-position as would induce the accepting States to offer a bill of rights.Š Ib., page 170. Far more laudable would it be, even at this late date, to champion such a measure, than to seek to revolutionize the whole plan and character of the gov-ernment, establish a national religion, and enforce religious observances here by national law. In the next number we shall have more to say upon this subject, giving the  texts of the measures referred to now pending in Congress, and comments upon them. No action upon these has been contemplated during the special session of this Congress, the House being or-ganized only for special work, and the Senate, while fully organized, deciding to deal only with the tariff and census matters. w. A. C. Repudiating the Principles WHILE the orators of the country are indulging in rhetorical outbursts con-cerning the glorious principles of liberty and equality which were so clearly stated in the Declaration of Independence one hundred thirty-three years ago, it may be a fitting time to direct attention to the latest pronouncements on this subject by leading teachers of civic ideas. As pertinent to this matter, there are certain facts worthy of attention. More than half a century ago a religious de-nomination, bearing the name of Sev-enth-day Adventists, published to the world their belief that in the prophecy recorded in the thirteenth chapter of the book of Revelation the beast which came up out of the earth, having " two horns like unto a lamb," was the symbol of this nation, and that the two horns denoted those great systems of religious and po-litical teaching which have received their highest exemplification in this country; viz., Protestantism and Republicanism. The veriest tyro in American history knows that Protestantism, which has been to a greater or less extent tolerated in many of the countries of the Old World, has in the New World shown a strength and a purity under the prevail-ing conditions of religious liberty which have attracted world-wide attention. So also the Magna Charta of American lib-erties, in which it was declared that all men are created equal, has served as a basis for such an exhibition of the true 