22  LIBERTY We do not want to be misunderstood. We believe with the Lord's Day Alliance that the Sabbath of Jehovah ought to be observed with true holiness, faith, and piety in the life of every Christian. We believe that all men ought to observe it, but we do not believe with the Lord's Day Alliance that any man should be forced to observe the Lord's day by the power and authority of the state, any more than he ought to be forced to receive the Lord's bap-tism, partake of the Lord's Supper, or pray the Lord's Prayer. All these are religious institu-tions, and should be observed religiously and voluntarily, or not at all. These are obligations we owe to God, and not to the state. A failure to recognize a distinction between religious and civil institutions has been the primary cause of all the bloody religious controversies and persecutions of the past. Dr. Harry L. Bowlby, secretary of the Lord's Day Alliance in this country, made some strik-ing statements in this meeting as to the aims of the Lord's Day Alliance in the United States. He said: " The battleground of the churches during the next ten years will be on the field of the Christian Sabbath. The battle front of the Sabbath extends from the Atlantic to the Pa-cific, from the Lakes to the Gulf. The church has been too long on the defensive, and must now turn upon the enemies of the Lord's day and hurl them out of this trespassed territory. The day is threatened with disaster. The time has come when every minister of the gospel must stand up and be counted, and when every church must have a clear vision of the (hangers which threaten it through Sabbath desecration and the breaking down of the legal safeguards of our civil Sabbath. At no place in the church's battle lines are the drives of the en-emy more terrific than at the point of our American Christian Sabbath. If the Sabbath goes, everything goes. The Sabbath is so ab-solutely foundational to all the work of the church, that if we lose it, Christianity herself will go. Christianity cannot stand and live if we lose our Christian Sabbath." Dr. Bowlby does not mean that he is going to give up his Sabbath or the practice of Sun-day observance. Nor does he believe that any real Christian is going to give up his day of worship. What he means is that we must have " civil laws "Ñ Sunday laws Ñ to " protect the churches and the day " if Christianity is " to survive." And truly, if Christianity had no better foundation than a civil Sunday law, it certainly would go down; for Christ said: " In vain they do worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men." Matt. 15: 9. A church that trusts in man and makes flesh its arm, has the curse of God resting upon it. Such a church depends on civil laws to protect it and its institutions, and when these civil laws are taken away, and it has no divine laws to sustain it, it must go down. But true Chris- tianity does not rely upon civil laws. Its foun-dations are divine laws. It is able to survive not only the absence of all human laws, but the fiercest opposition and assaults of its enemies. All that the true church needs to sustain her is a " Thus saith the Lord." Let us beware of being seduced into unlawful connection with the state in spiritual things. 0. B. L. W Order Without Sunday Laws IN December, 1889, Rev. W. F. Crafts, the field secretary of the American Sabbath Union, now chief director of the International Bureau of Reforms, said: " Washington is now the most orderly and quiet city on Sunday of any city in the coun-try." But Washington was then, as it still is, with-out a Sunday law, which showed then, as it still does, that a Sunday law is not essential to a quiet, orderly Sunday, even in a great city. The same might be truthfully said of Wash-ington today. Without a Sunday law it is still a quiet and orderly city on Sunday. Nor is Washington alone in this respect. This same Rev. Mr. Crafts tells in his book, " The Sabbath for Man," of sending out to a large number of representative men in different States and cities the question, " Where have you seen the best Sabbath observance/" A San Francisco pastor answered: " Among the Christian people of California." California was at that time the only State having no Sunday law. Yet on page 94 of the edition of his book published in 1885, two years after her Sunday law was repealed, Mr. Crafts says: " Both laymen and ministers say that even in California the Sabbath is, on the whole, bet-ter observed, and Christian services better at-tended, than five years ago." The same question submitted to a Christian business man of Chicago elicited the reply: " Among the Christian people of Chicago." Yet at that time Chicago was practically without a Sunday law, no effort being made to enforce the law upon the statute books. All of which goes to disprove the necessity of a civil law to enable people to keep Sunday, and to preserve the Christian Sabbath to Christian people.  o. P. B. No man has a natural right to commit ag-gression on the equal rights of another; and this is all from which the laws ought to restrain him: every man is under the natural duty of contributing to the necessities of the society; and this is all the laws should enforce upon him.Ñ Thomas Jefferson. 