The people are deter-mined to destroy the organized liquor traffic. It is no longer a question of fact, but only of time. loon is doomed. 182 LIBERTY Some Principles Stated WHo has not heard the despairing moans of saloon victims, so sad and hopeless as to well-nigh move a stone to pity ? THE boundary line of personal liberty ends where personal injury to another begins. This is the great law that must control all human conduct and freedom of action. MANY of the greatest evils which have afflicted this world had innocent begin-nings. It is the seed of tyranny instead of its vintage that ought to demand our most thoughtful consideration. The first intrusion upon our natural rights, how-ever mild, should be viewed with grave alarm. The early American patriots saw all the evil consequences involved in the principle of a legal recognition of the Christian religion, and they avoided the consequences by denying the introduc-tion of the principle. An establishment of religion by the state is the signal for persecution. It destroys the equality of citizens before the law. We must deny the first step in order to avoid the reali-zation of the horrors of the last. THE attempt to make the fourth com-mandment of the decalogue authority for Sunday keeping is sometimes embarrass-ing, as is illustrated in the case of a small boy who was induced to go fishing on Sunday, instead of to Sunday school. On his return home he was whipped by his mother, and made to read the fourth commandment fifty times. A few days later his teacher at school asked him to name the days of the week in their order. He began the list with Monday, and when corrected, persisted in his error. When reproved, he justified himself by saying, " If you had read the command-ment as many times as I have, you would know that the Sabbath is the seventh day: and if Sunday is the Sabbath, it must he the seventh day, and Monday the first day." The teacher was speechless. " Out of the mouth of babes and suck-lings thou hast perfected praise." EducationŠand the Saloon ONE of the most potent weapons against the saloon evil is temperance in-struction in the public schools. The ef-fects of such instruction introduced into a number of States several years ago is now seen in the insistent demand from the North, South, East, and West for na-tional prohibition of the traffic in in-toxicating liquors. The train has been lighted, and it cannot be stamped out. The liquor interests must meet the issue squarely. There is no escape; nor is there much doubt as to results. The sa- Lit by the teacher's ready torch, The fuse of agitation burns; And pent-up indignation's force, By craven fear no more restrained, Shall scatter death among its' foes Š The selfish forces once supreme, But now in consternation dire From fear of righteous recompense. C. P. B. 