LIBERTY  11 righteous and will have the favor of heaven ; while if the individuals are not right before God, by no possible means can the nation be righteous, whatever resolutions and protestations of goodness congress or the legislature might put forth. If national enactments made a nation righteous, we should have the ab-surdity of a righteous nation composed of wicked people ; for it is perfectly evi-dent that the people might be as wicked as the Pharisees who killed Christ, and at the same time have all the zeal of the Pharisees for outward demonstrations of piety. They might have the pride of Lucifer and the covetousness of Judas without being any the less ready to make and enforce religious enactments. And  thus God would incur the impossible ob-ligation of punishing the people for their sins and at the same time rewarding the nation for its righteousness ; or, in the end, of destroying the people and at the same time saving the government. To such absurdities does this theory of a nation's moral personality and moral ac-countability lead us. God punishes nations ; but the punish-ment falls on the individual people of the nation, not on the government. God punished this nation for the sin of slavery by a terrible civil war; but it was not the government that suffered, but the blighted homes that were left when the war was over. Nashville, Tenn. IV Ili IV Jefferson, "The Apostle of Individual Freedom" THE EDITOR THOMAS JEFFERSON had visions of the future greatness of the American repub-lic, provided its people were allowed the right and privilege of self-government. He was a firm believer in the worth and dignity of human nature, and in man's endowment by divine Providence with sufficient capacity for self-government. The desire to see all men enjoy the bless-ings of freedom and the free exercise of conscience in legitimate ways, at once enlisted his powerful reasoning faculties, and became the undying passion of his soul. This passion came to him, not as the result of personal abuse and oppression endured by the poor and inferior at the hands of the rich and opulent,Ñ for he belonged to the upper and wealthy class, Ñ but because of his innate love for all mankind. His was a generous disposi-tion which was drawn out toward all, and sympathized, with all in their afflic-tions. The desire to put all men on an equal footing, and to knock off the shackles that had bound them for centuries, took possession of his soul ; and when the  great clock of time struck the auspicious hour of his opportunity in his summons to pen the immortal Declaration, the heavenly strains of freedom burst from his ardent soul like the peal of the an-gelic anthem over the plains of Judea an-nouncing the glad tidings of great joy to all people. Jefferson " himself has happily singled out, to be engraved upon his tomb, three particular achievements with which he wished his name to be associated, by friend or stranger, for all future time." As long as time shall last, and even if the monument should crumble to dust and his epitaph be obliterated, his coun-trymen to the latest generation will never forget the beneficent blessings and the tribute of honor and glory due to the " author of the Declaration of American Independence, of the statute of Virginia for religious freedom, and to the father of the University of Virginia." After he had devoted sixty-six years of the best of his life to public service, " his intellectual faculties were unim-paired, his bodily strength was well pre-served, and he was still conscious of the 