LIBERTY 185 sented. Also the labor unions had a man there, who gave an address, and the actors' union sent a lady to represent them. It is said that " a bumblebee is larg-est when it is first hatched.," or more properly speaking, when it emerges from its larva state and is ready for its first flight. But the Oakland Lord's Day Congress was largest even before it had any being, or in other words, when it existed only upon paper and in the minds of its promoters. But however disappointing the attend-ance at this congress must have been, the lack of enthusiasm and the character of some of the speeches must have been even more so. The Sunday law advo-cates have invoked the aid of organized labor; they are securing it, but not to the extent hoped for. The promoters of the Lord's Day Congress want, as the very name shows, a legally enforced holy day; organized labor wants and is will-ing to accept only a holiday. We shall have more to say upon this subject in subsequent numbers of LIBERTY. C. P. B. " The Lord's Day Congress " THE readers of LIBERTY will not fail to notice the significance of the facts stated in the following, which appeared in the Los Angeles Times of June 27, under the above heading: Š Famous statesmen, educators, religious lead-ers, and scientists of America and of twenty- one foreign countries, together with ex-Secre-tary of State Bryan, Judge Alton B. Parker of New York, Secretary of Labor William B. Wilson, Vice-Pres. Thomas R. Marshall, and the governors of a half-dozen States, will at-tend the International Lord's Day Congress, which will be held in Oakland from July 27 to August 1. President Wilson is honorary president of the great organization, whose chief aim is di-rected toward the reduction of Sunday labor in all continuous industries. Secretary of the Navy Josephus Daniels is also deeply inter-ested in the forthcoming congress, and he has written a paper on the " Sunday Schedule for the United States Navy," to be read at one of the sessions. Judge Elbert H. Gary, chairman of the board of directors of the United States  Steel Corporation, will have a paper dealing with the minimum work on Sunday in the iron and steel industry. Sunday labor in the trades, professions, and all so-called continuous industries, will be dis-cussed by hundreds of noted men, with a view to inaugurating a world-wide campaign for the abolition of all unnecessary toil on the Sabbath day along these special lines. The delegates are expected to number into the thousands, many coming from Canada, France, Italy, Switzerland, China, Siam, Korea, Japan, Syria, India, Persia, Central and South America, Australia, Hawaii, the Philippines, Borneo and Sumatra, British settlements in Africa, and from Egypt. Five sectional con-ferences will be held for the consideration of the problems in this world's survey. Sunday excursions and theatrical perform-ances, commercialized Sunday amusements, sa-loons, business, and " general apathy " are classed as the " foes of Sunday rest laws," and they are some of the subjects which are expected to develop vigorous arguments. " The Jewish Problem of the Sabbath in a Christian Land," will be the topic of Rabbi B. Drachman, president of the Jewish Sabbath Association of New York. Sessions will be held each day during the week with the exception of Saturday, July 31, when the congress will adjourn for the day, to permit the many dozens of clerical members of the organization to prepare to fill the pul-pits of Pacific Coast churches on Sunday, August 1. On that day a great mass meeting will be held in either Berkeley or Oakland, at which time ex-Secretary Bryan will be the principal speaker. A similar meeting will also be held in San Francisco. Of course not nearly all the prominent men named in the foregoing actually par- ticipated in the " congress." The fact, however, that they allowed their names to be used in this connection is very significant. What the advocates of this movement lack in Biblical support for Sunday, they make up in zeal for their man-made sab-bath. So far as their fellow men are concerned, they have a perfect right to regard Sunday just as highly as they can, and to do all they can by argument and persuasion to bring others to their way of thinking and worshiping; but how they will square the account with the Lord of the Bible Sabbath and with Him whose presence makes holy the true Lord's Day, is quite another ques-tion. The Scriptures declare that the 