10 LIBERTY FLORIDA, F. C. C. A., May 8, 1911. To the Minister of the National Depart-ment of Labor, Buenos Aires, South America. VERY DEAR SIR : Having seen in a re-cent number of La Prensa, a statement to the effect that the department of labor had been asked to draft a new Sunday law, it seems to me an opportune time to call attention to a few facts which should be taken into consideration in dealing with a subject of such importance as that of Sunday rest. In the first place, we are confronted with the fact that after the Almighty created the heavens and the earth in six days, he rested the seventh, and estab-lished this day as a day of rest for man. The Biblical account of this says : Š " And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made ; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it : because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made." Gen. 2: 1-3. The Lord desires that this clay shall be kept by his people at all times and in all parts of the world. The divine command concerning this is as follows : Š " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six clays shalt thou labor, and do all thy work : but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man servant, nor thy maid servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates : for in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day : wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." Ex. 2o: 8-IT. From this it is clearly seen that when-ever a Sunday law is enacted, it obliges the people to observe another day of the week instead of the seventh, which the Lord commands should be observed. Permit me to ask what you would do in case a human law were enacted requir-ing you to act contrary to what you con-sidered a moral obligation before God. Do you think you would be honoring God when you disobey him in order to obey a  human law ? Or would you think it in-dispensable to obey God first? Here in the Argentine Republic, as well as in nearly every other country of the world, there are those who keep the sev-enth day (Saturday) in obedience to the command of God in his holy law. These people, as well as all others, desire to be left free in the practise of their religion, and they believe that the civil government should not dictate laws which curtail liberty of conscience. If, therefore, it is true that in the Argentine Republic we have religious liberty, no civil law that requires the people to keep one day of the week as a day of rest, can be enacted. It would, therefore, be expected that the government would avoid religious questions, and leave every one free to observe or not to observe any or no day of rest, according to one's belief. If the government establishes the precedent of legislating concerning re-ligious questions, it will be hard to tell where to stop. If it takes upon itself the right of prescribing a religious act, such as the observance of the day of rest, it can also claim the right of prescribing all the details of one's worship. And as it can not permit that its laws be dis-obeyed, the only alternative would be to use force, and compel obedience to its requirements. From this we see that in case a Sunday law is enacted, if a man disobeys it, not-withstanding he is an upright citizen in every other respect, the government, in order to maintain the law, must punish him for not keeping Sunday. In the beginning, these punishments may be more or less light, consisting perhaps of imprisonments or fines, but they may also be terribly severe, and not only reach the point of closing up one's business and confiscating his property, but also (if the one who violates continues in his refusal to keep Sunday) one may be considered a rebel against the civil power, and be punished with death, for not keeping this religious ordinance which the civil power undertakes to en-force. Notwithstanding the fact that the legislators do not desire that matters should reach such extremes, there is no other logical conclusion when the civil power undertakes to legislate in matters of religion. Therefore, for the love of the right- 