LI BERT 1. 37 a large number of leading people the question, " Where have you seen the best Sabbath observance? " A California pas-tor answers, " Among the Christian peo-ple of California." But California has not, nor did it have at that time, a Sunday law ; hence the Sabbath keeping so highly commended by the California pastor was voluntary, not enforced, Sunday observ-ance. It was a service from the heart, not something done to keep out of the police court, nor to avoid fines and im-prisonment. In answer to the same ques-tion, a Chicago business man claimed the same distinction for his city, which at that time made little pretense of enforc-ing any compliance with the Sunday law. Manifestly, the reason for the excellence of the service was the same; the observ-ance of the day was entirely voluntary, and was modeled not after a human stat-ute, but after the individual's conception of the requirements of the divine law, and was, therefore, of a much higher or-der than .any legally enforced outward compliance with a merely human require-ment could possibly be. Religion, to be of any value, must be from the heart. " The hour cometh, and now is, when the true worshipers shall worship the Father in spirit and in truth : for the Father seeketh such to worship him. God is a spirit : and they that wor-ship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." John 4: 23, 24. And so we say again, as we have often said in the past, that the highest service civil government can possibly render to Christianity or its institutions and observ-ances, is to let them severely alone. Let every man be left perfectly free to believe or disbelieve, to worship, or not to wor-ship, to keep a sabbath or not to observe any weekly rest day, just as seems to him good. We are not living under a theocracy, but under a government of the people, by the people, and for the people; and the people long ago agreed not to med-dle in their civil capacity with religious concerns, and Congress can do no bet-ter than to respect that agreement as written into the United States Constitu-tion. RELIGIO-POLITICAL " REFORMERS " AT \VORL 