RELIGIOUS LEGISLATION DARKENING TIIE WORLD 26  LIBERTY was organized in New York City. This became at once a strong auxiliary to the National Reform Association in its work of securing religious legislation by Con-gress, and thus removing the pillars of our Constitution, and sapping the foun-dations of the republic. The object of the Union was declared to be to " preserve t h e Christian sabbath as a clay of rest." The same year the field secretary of t h e American Sabbath Union wrote to Car-dinal Gibbons, and asked him to join with them i n peti-tioning C o n - gress to pass a bill for the en-actment of a national 1 a w intended to promote the observance o f Sunday. T h e Cardinal re-plied that he was "most happy to add his name to those of the millions of others who are laudably con-tending against t h e violation of the Christian sabbath by unnecessary labor." Upon the strength of the Car-dinal's name, over seven million Cath-olics were at once counted by the Amer-ican Sabbath Union as petitioners, so anxious were professed Protestants to unite with Catholics in this work. In 1889, at a Congress of Catholic lay-men of the United States, a paper was read by the editor of the Catholic Uni-verse, in which he said : "What we should  seek is an en rapport with the Protestant Christians who desire to keep Sunday holy. . . . We can bring the Protestant masses over to the reverent moderation of the Catholic Sunday." In 1892, Justice Brewer, of the Su-preme Court of the United States, in an argument leading to a decision, stated that this is a Christian n a - tion. This dic-tum has been used by the so-called National Reformers as a fulcrum over which to pry in their efforts to overturn t h e pillars of lib-erty guaran-teed by the Constitu-tion, through the securing of the legislation asked for in behalf of Sun-day. That same year Congress made an appro-priation to the World's Fair at Chicago, on condition that the gates be closed on Sun-d a y . The fourth c o m - mandment o f t h e decalogue was read in the halls of Congress upon this occasion, and the command to keep the seventh clay was interpreted by the nation's lawmakers to mean the observ-ance of Sunday. A decision was thus rendered in a religious controversy, and another long step taken in the formation of an image to the beast. Since 1892, at each session of Con-gress, one or more bills have been intro-duced, and the national legislature has 