42 LIBERTY One of the speakers said that " the tri-umph of social service and evolution in the world means the establishment of God's kingdom on earth." Another speaker referred to this church movement as " another Pentecost." Still another said : " This conference is the vestibule to the millennium." The idea seemed to prevail among the delegates that when their plans for a complete organic union of all the evan-gelical churches shall be perfected, not only in administrative policies but " in  and power, then the kingdom of God is set up among men. This idea is pregnant with danger. Whoever opposes the movement is in danger of being accused of fighting against God. " If there is one reason above another," said Dr. Vance, of De-troit, " why this organic union should be perfected soon, it is that we may present a united front against our common foe." Bishop Hamilton, of Washington, re-sponded : " It is the church that must save the state. The church must impart MOSQUE OF AHMED I, CONSTANTINOPLE The capital city on the Bosporus, founded by Constantine in 330 A. D., on the site of the ancient Byzan-tium, has long been a bone of contention between the leading nations of the world. For this reason it has continued even to this day as the seat of one of the most cruel and despotic relies-political systems this world has ever seen. faith and order," then the millennial reign of peace and good will and the kingdom of God on earth will be fully realized in harmony with the divine plan of the ages. They are all looking to the setting up of the kingdom of God on earth through human instrumentality by means of social and political evolution. They expect the united church to domi-nate the whole world ultimately in policy and " in faith and order." Their organ-ization is, in their judgment, the kingdom of God on earth, and whenever they shall be fully established in authority  righteousness to the life of the state. We can do this by uniting." The main pur-pose, then, in seeking union among the churches is to gain more power and influence to awe their enemies into sub-mission through legislation and physical force. One of the reasons given by the Inter-church Movement for a consolidation of forces under the leadership of a Supreme Council is " to secure better Sunday ob-servance through national and State laws." (Continued on page 47) 