ABRAHAM LINt,OLN " The people of these United States are the right-ful masters of both congresses and courts, not to overthrow the Constitution, but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution." 90 LIBERTY stitution, so that any responsible citizen, by virtue of his inherent and God-given nobility as a human being, has specific rights and priv-ileges, such as religious freedom, liberty of opinion, of speech, and of the press, which ninety-nine and ninety-nine one-hundredths per cent of the people could not rightfully take from him. The fathers did not believe in the infalli-bility of the people, any more than they did in the infallibility of the monarch, as to the sovereign right to rule in matters of their conscience. They erected insurmount-able barriers in the fundamental law, lim-iting the absolute sov-ereignty of the state over the individual, saying to the state: " Hitherto shalt thou come, but no farther: and here shall thy proud waves be stayed." The sacred rights guaranteed in the Federal Constitution gave a new meaning to the original purpose of human government, and a new dignity and value to the worth of the human soul. The American theory and form of government exalted the nobility of manhood and womanhood as no other political system had ever done. It was these divine principles of individual justice, liberty, and equality which brought from the lips of Glad- stone his famous tribute, that the United States Constitution was " the most perfect work of statecraft ever struck off by the brain and purpose of man at a given time." .1 ust and equal laws are the very palladium of our liberties. There are forces in operation today, composed of large and influential groups of men and women in every station in life, who are seeking to call into question, and ultimately to overthrow, every essential right and immu-nity vouchsafed to the individual citizen by the Constitution. The problem of the true statesman is to steer the ship of state between the Scylla of anarchy and the Char-ybdis of autocracy. The problem of the people has changed from making " the world safe for democ-racy " to making " de-mocracy safe for the world." Unless some supernatural power shall lay hold on the hearts of men and women, and change their selfish, carnal, covetous motives and desires from self-ag-grandizement to self-abnegation for the benefit of humanity, may God deliver us from the hour of trial that is just before us. The world has never faced a darker hour. While the kaiser has been driven into exile, yet autocracy and self-ishness still reign in the human heart; not in a single country only, but throughout the world. If the guaranties of human rights and indi-vidual liberties are to be trampled underfoot to satisfy the selfish greed for treasure and power among men, the world will be bound to spend its treasure and blood like water, and is des-tined to drift into a chaos from which the hand of God alone can deliver the race. c. s. L. If You Believe in Liberty A CHURCH or combination of churches that seeks a civil enactment for the enforcement of any religious dogma, institution, or usage, de-parts thereby from the Lord Christ, denies the power of the divine Spirit, leans upon the arm of flesh, and haltingly walks by the aid of the crutch of human law. This is in the Scriptures called spiritual adultery. LUTHER, by the simple discovery that reli-gion is an attitude of the heart which is spirit-ual, and hence cannot be aroused by any ma- terial means and must in its operation not be bound to anything material or external, came to be not merely a reformer of religion but also a reformer of ethics, for both religion and ethics belong together.. To be pious means at the same time to be religious and also to be good. Faith does not only comfort the con-science, it also fills the soul with a joyous read-iness which is the mother of all virtue. As a living, active thing it causes in man the desire for moral activity, and remains as a never-ceasing stimulus constantly operative in all moral action.Š"Luther in the Light of Recent Research," p. $81. 