Harris & Ewing REPRESENTATIVE ISAAC S. SIEGEL 70 LIBERTY "I agree with you that the power is not legitimately here, and that it was not intended to be here, and that it is a subject matter which belongs to the States, the same as the common police power of the States. But there is in the Constitution a provision that Congress shall have power to pass all laws necessary for the purpose of carrying into effect the powers here granted, and it might be held and might be construed to include regulation and legislation concerning the press. Therefore, accepting your view that it is not among the pow-ers of the general government, and that it should not be among such powers, we ask for a declara-tory amendment to the Constitution which shall put it be-yond peradventure that it is not one of the powers granted to the national gov-ernment." Thus for this reason, and this reason only, the First Amendment to the Constitution, providing that Con-gress shall pass no law abridging the freedom of the press, was put into t h e Constitution, not to regulate a power already vested in the na-tional government, not to restrain or cur-tail that power or provide the means by which it shall be exercised, but a declar-atory proposition that the power does not exist in Congress to pass any law concerning or respecting this subject matter. . . . LINCOLN'S ATTITUDE In the days of the Civil War, when Mr. Lincoln was being criticized and as-sailed as no other man in public office ever was by some of the great journals of the country, which are still among our great journals, his reply was that the  administrators and administration had better suffer some of the evils and some of the" sorrows which accompany such work than that the people should lose control of or forfeit the great benefits flowing from the absolute freedom of the press. Jefferson and Lincoln both always ad-hered to the principle that the evils of attempting to restrain the press or speech must be incalcula-bly greater than the evils flowing from their free-dom. : . . Mr. President, in this struggle of de-mocracy, in this crusade for free institutions, let us hold fast among ourselves to those great underlying principles of free-dom and liberty without which we may be a republic in name, but could never be one in fact. Without an unfettered press, without liberty of speech, all the out-ward forms and structures of free institutions are a sham, a pretense Š the sheerest mockery. If the press is not free; if speech is not independent and untrammeled; if the mind is shack-led or made impotent through fear, it makes no difference under what form of government you live, you are a subject and not a citizen. Republics are not in and of themselves better than other forms of government except in so far as they carry with them and guarantee to the citizen that liberty of thought and action for which they were established.ŠCongressional Record, April 19, 1917, pp. 833-839, 