LIBERTY 21 Until the year 1870 the work of edu-cation was carried on by voluntary schools established by the Church of Eng-land and other religious bodies. But in that year the state came to their help, making financial grants in aid of the vol-untary schools, and supplementing these institutions by what were known as " board schools," because built by the new " school boards." In 1902 the vol-untary schools were taken over by the state, to be supported henceforth entirely out of the public funds, their original owners handing them over, and underta-king to keep them in structural repair, in consideration of their own release from the financial burden of maintaining the schools. The Cause of the Conflict In the case of the schools provided by the state there is entire public control, but in the case of the old voluntary schools the religious bodies that provided them have still a preponderating voice in their management, which fact enables them to decide what religious instruction shall be imparted, and who shall be ap-pointed as teachers. This power of ap-pointment has naturally been exercised in favor of teachers who would undertake to give the kind of religious instruction the majority of the managers desired. Out of this situation has arisen the con-flict. There are three prominent parties in the present struggle over religious edu-cation, namely, the Church of England, or Anglican party, the Roman Catholics, and the non-conformists. The Church of England claims to have spent some fifty million pounds on their schools, and in view of the great sacri-fices made by them for the sake of edu-cating their children in Anglican doc-trine, they insist that their children shall not now be deprived of this religious training, but that it shall form part of their education. The Roman Catholics have also gone to great lengths out of their comparative poverty to make sure that their children shall be educated in the Roman Catholic faith. In the past they have done this  themselves, in addition to paying the usual school rates, but they now insist that since they contribute their full share to the general cost of education, it is their right to say, in the case of their own children, how the money shall be applied ; and they demand that a part of it shall be used in giving Catholic instruction to their children. The Nonconformists object with equal vigor to being compelled to pay, through the rates, for the education of the young in Roman Catholic doctrine. They point out, also, that in eight thousand villages in England and Wales there is but one school, a voluntary one, in which Angli-can religious instruction is given, and that in many cases this instruction is im-parted in such a spirit that the Noncon-formist children in attendance are made to feel that they have neither part nor lot in the true church of Christ. Noncon-formists strongly object to paying for such religious instruction as this for their village children, notwithstanding that they have the right, if they choose to exercise it, to ask that their own children be excused from listening to such teach-ing. In all the schools any child may be withdrawn by the parents from the relig-ious teaching. The Nonconformists, although they object to Anglican teaching in the schools, are yet strongly in favor of what they call " unsectarian " religious education, to consist in memorizing certain portions of the Scriptures, and in undenomina-tional moral instruction drawn from the Bible. All Parties on a Wrong Basis Thus, although each of the three great forces in the conflict will not consent to the religious teaching of the others, all of them are in favor of some kind of re-ligious instruction; but the Roman Cath-olic and the Anglican point out that what the Nonconformists call " unsectarian " instruction is, after all, denominational, being the very kind that exactly suits the Nonconformist. They ask, Why should the Nonconformist have the kind of re-ligious instruction he wants at the general 