The Kingdom of Heaven THE Christian Statesman, in a re-cent number, has an editorial on the subject of " What is the King-dom of Christ ? " After declaring that " on no religious subject is there more confusion of thought," the editor at-tempts to make the matter plain, but only succeeds in making still greater confu-sion. Christ's own answer, recorded in John 18: 36, seems to be entirely over-looked. When Pilate asked Christ con-cerning his kingship, our Lord replied: " My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now is my kingdom not from hence." With such a clear statement that Christ's kingdom is not a kingdom of this world, how dare any Christian say that it is? As in the days when Christ was on earth, there are still those who would make him king before the time. Such should remember that when Jesus perceived that men " would come and take him by force, to make him a king, he departed " from them. Confusion on this subject of the king-dom of heaven arises largely from a fail-ure to distinguish between the kingdom of grace and the kingdom of glory. Be-cause Christ did not restore the kingdom to Israel at his first advent, he was re-jected by the Jewish people. Their hopes had led them to expect at the first advent that which was not to take place till after the end of this present evil world at the second advent of Christ. Of this time the apostle Peter speaks in clear lan-guage: " The day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night; in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat, the earth also and the works that are therein shall be burned up. Seeing then that all these things shall be dissolved, what manner of persons ought ye to be in all holy conversation and godliness, looking for and basting unto the coming of the clay of God, wherein the heavens being on ho  lire. shall be dissolved, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat? Nevertheless we, ac-cording to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteous-ness." 2 Peter 3: 50-13. It is of this new earth that John speaks in so many places in the book of Revela-tion. How misleading to apply to the present, passages in this and other books of the Bible which describe conditions on the earth in the future state! Only then will all nations serve Christ. It is then that the kingdoms of this world will be-come the kingdom of our Lord and of his Christ. Now Christ reigns only in the lives of individuals who of their own free will enthrone him in their hearts. The kingdom of heaven is within one when the King of heaven rules the heart. The general assembly of all who have personally made Christ their king, forms the kingdom of grace. Many of Christ's parables deal with the extension and methods of growth of this kingdom of grace. Others, however, make the es-tablishment of the kingdom of glory co-incident with the utter destruction of the wicked and the salvation of the right-eous. Need we add that those who choose to form a part of the kingdom of grace make possible their inclusion among the subjects of the kingdom of glory? Let us have less effort to forward by civil force or legislative act the supposed interests of the kingdom of heaven; let us have more personal religion from un-constrained personal choice; and the real interests of Christ's kingdom will be bet-ter promoted, and the kingdom of grace may be the sooner changed by God, not men, unto the kingdom of glory. L. L. C. tV x 11.4 IF the principle is once established that religion, or religious observances, shall be interwoven with our legislative acts, we must pursue it to its ultimatum.ŠSenate Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, Jan. 19, 1829. 