LIBERTY 69 Does America, the country and government which is now endeavoring to make its prin-ciples of liberty and freedom a model for the reconstructed nations of the world, want to turn the " new order " of things back to the " old order "I If she does, then an encouraging hand should be offered to the schemes for en-forcing Sunday observance by our national and State governments. Equip the persecutor with a ready weapon with which to persecute " for  righteousness' sake." If our " land of the free " and " home of the brave " does not pro-pose such possibilities, then our lawmakers should frown upon every effort made to compel Sunday observance by civil law; and further-more, they should tell misguided National Re-formers to promote Sunday observance through the preaching of the gospel, assuring them that they will be fully protected in the right, not only thus to teach but so to practise. A Memorial to Roger Williams By C. P. Bollman IN the Washington Herald of April 13, it was announced that the Baptist Church of America will build a memorial to Roger Williams, " the founder of religious liberty in the United States." " The capital of the nation," we are told, " has been chosen as the location of this memo-rial. It is purposed to raise a fund of $350,000, of which Washington's share is to be $50,000. The site of the Roger Williams Memorial is at Sixteenth Street and Columbia Road, part of the lot now occupied by Immanuel Bap-tist Church, which has furnished the ground." This is well. Such a tribute is no more than is owed Roger Wil-liams by not only the Baptists, but the American peo-ple. However, a greater tribute still to that stanch defender of t h e rights of con-science would be unfaltering adher- ence by all the Baptists of t h e country to the principles taught by Roger Williams. One of the principles enunciated by Roger Williams was that civil government has no right to legislate concerning or touching the first table of the divine law, or in other words, the first four commandments of the decalogue. The civil magistrate could have to do only with man's obligations to his fellow man, not with his duties toward God.  But while such was good Baptist doctrine in the seventeenth century, times have changed, and some Baptists at least have changed with them. It was as recent as February 9 of the present year that a great union mass meeting was held in Calvary Baptist Church, this city, for the inauguration of a crusade in behalf of a Sunday law for the District of Columbia. And as openly stated in that meeting, one reason, apparently the principal one, for de-manding such a law Iwas that on a cer-tain Sunday about five times as many people had at-tended the theaters of Washington as had been present at the churches on the same day. Now Roger Wil-liams did not pat-ronize theaters him-self, and the edi-tors and publishers of this magazine do not. Williams did not believe in them, neither do we; but our reasons are re-ligious reasons, and we do not believe that the civil gov-ernment has any right to forbid anything on any day simply because it is nonreligious, provided it is civil. If Roger Williams were alive today he would oppose Sunday legislation, even as he opposed such laws in the seventeenth century. And by the same token, his Baptist brethren who are erecting a memorial to him, would today probably banish him from their communion and fellowship, just as the Independents of Massa-chusetts did three centuries ago. Roger Williams in Banishment 