0178 46 LIBERTY cier needs it to help him consummate a deal ; he takes it, and when the deal is consummated, his fortune is gone, and his friends desert him. The common man has needed it all his life as a stim-ulant ; and while he imagined he was continually being stimulated to greater accomplishments, he was standing still and watching the procession go past ; and when he has looked back upon a life now nearly spent, he has found that he was farther back than when he started, and that the grade of his path had been downward day by day. Every year nearly a hundred thousand persons in this country alone can look back upon such a deceived and misspent life ; for that many new drunkards' graves each year testify to the wasting and mockery of the demon of drink in the United States. Because these things are terrible facts, no child should go out from under the parental roof until he has been thor-oughly acquainted with the evils of drink. The girls should know it as well as the boys, and be taught to shun the society of those who patronize the business. The saloon jeopardizes every interest of the home. It can not live without sac-rificing those interests. Souls are its victims, and it snatches them from rich and poor alike. There is no satiety to its appetite, no set boundary to its field of operation, no trust too holy for it to violate, no right too sacred for it to tram-ple upon, no child so beautiful that it would hesitate to set the hot brand of ruin upon its forehead. The Christian must ostracize it as the very embodiment of sin that it is. He can have no fellowship with it without being a part of it. He can not be guilt-less before God if he fails to educate his children to look upon it as the lep-rosy of death, and to avoid it as they would the companionship of the evil one himself, whose advance agent and great-est reaper it is. HE who trades money for liquor, bar-ters his own soul at the same time. Books THE following books ought to be in the library of every student of religious lib- erty: Š Religious Liberty, by Henry Melville King. Preston & Rounds, Providence, R. I.; 124 pages; price, $1. An excellent treatise on the subject which it discusses, written in a readable and interesting style, and packed full of valuable infor-mation. Rhode Island: Its Making and Its Mean-ing, by I. B. Richman, introduction by Hon. James Bryce. G. P. Putnam's Sons, New York and London; 56o pages; price, $3. All the interesting and valu-able data and experiences in the history of the establishment and growth of that remarkable little State will be found in this work. The Rise of Religious Liberty in Amer-ica, by Sanford H. Cobb. The Macmil-lan Co., New York; 541 pages; price, $4. Seldom is so 'much valuable material placed between the two covers of one book. The progress of liberty in matters of religion is traced not only through the American colonies, but through the ebb and flow of civilization in Europe as well. Church and State, a historical handbook, by A. Taylor Innes (advocate). T. & T. Clark, 38 George St., Edinburgh, Scot-land; 275 pages; price, $1. This is a very acute and comprehensive monograph upon the relation of church and state. The author deals instructively with the primitive church in its relations with the state, and follows the struggles of the people for freedom of conscience during the epochs of Constantine, Theodosius, Charlemagne, Boniface, the Reformation in Europe and Britain, and the Revolu-tion in America and Europe, with further developments down to 187o. Facing the Twentieth Century, by James M. King, General Secretary of National League for the Protection of American Institutions. Methodist Book Concern, 15o Fifth Ave., New York City; 64o pages; price, $.96. The subtitle of this work is, " Our Country: Its Power and Peril." This work, after showing that the power of the country consists in the institutions fostered by its liberal laws, depicts the peril facing the country through the warfare carried on by the Roman Church against those American institutions. It is a remarkable and val-uable contribution to the discussion of these important questions. 