i TEMPERANCE Help From Heaven M. E. KERN TEMPERANCE evangelism must not be merely a campaign of education. That is good, but many men and women, though intelligent as to the awful results of drink, have fallen beneath its power. Many brilliant minds with the fairest prospects in life have been ruined by this awful curse. After all, the temper-ance issue is one of moral fiber. Tem-perance is self-control. A writer, in the Northwestern Christian Advocate, truly said : " Apart from this indwelling of Jesus Christ, there is no hope for the subjugation of the drink curse. What-ever our theory of salvation may be, it remains true that only as Jesus reigns in the citadel of a man's beingŠhis heart and his will Š is there assurance of a complete victory." " For there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved." Acts 4: 12. The only safety of any man or woman from the power of evil passion or perverted appetite, is to trust in the power of that Name. " You talk about my drinking," said the drunkard, " but you say nothing about my thirst." That thirst it is that drives him to despair. His promises and resolutions are like ropes of sand, and the knowledge of his forfeited pledge causes the loss of all confidence in him-self. " Never," said John B. Gough, " did I hate liquor more than when I was its abject servant." Many a slave to in- temperance has cried out with Paul, " 0 wretched man that I am! who shall de-liver me from this body of death?" Rom. 7: 24, margin. Would that every one might learn, as Paul did, that the power of .the divine-human Son of God  can set us free! " I can do all things," said he, " through Christ which strength-eneth me." Phil. 4: 13. The finite is mastered by the infinite. Men have learned to expect no mastery in the phys-ical world except as they yield to the God of nature. No one endeavors to make a building stand except by yielding to God's law of gravitation, nor an en-gine move without applying his law of expansion. Neither can we control our own spirits except as we yield to " the law of the Spirit of life." Is there hope for the tempted? Is there help for the downtrodden? Š0, yes; there is hope, hope in God, help from Heaven! Francis Murphy, the drunken keeper of a grogshop, found help behind prison-bars, where he had been kept for man-slaughter. On the cold floor of his prison cell, he found God, and became a new man. And he became one of the most powerful temperance advocates of our time. The temperance cause is the cause of Christ. Then let the church of the living God occupy her place in this warfare, lending her influence to every good work, and heralding the gospel of " righteous-ness, temperance, and judgment to come." Why I Am Against Liquor THE reasons why I have no use for alcoholic beverages on sea or on shore are so numerous that it would be impos-sible to detail them all. My standpoint is simply that liquor is unnecessary and (Continued on page 92) 87 