LIBERTY  33 Observance of the Lord's Day in the District of Columbia," dated Oct. 1, 1907 (page 3), appears the following statement :Ñ " The main and necessary feature of such a movement should be the enlist-ment of all good citizenship for the pro-curing of sufficient Lord's Day legisla-tion for the District." Note the expression, " Lord's day legislation." This itself shows that it is religious legislation that is wanted. There can be no question, therefore, but that the movement supporting and calling for the passage of these bills is religious ; but if the movement is re-ligious, so also are the bills. And if the bills are religious, to enact them into law plainly would be unconstitutional. The chairman of this mass-meeting, a member of the Supreme Court, in his opening address almost invariably called Sunday " the Sabbath." The title to one of these District Sunday bills, H. R. 4929, reads : " A bill prohibiting labor on buildings, and so forth, in the District of Columbia on the Sabbath day." But, again, the terms " Sabbath " and " Sab-bath day " are religious terms, and at once betray the character of the leg-islation sought. The title to the Allen bill, H. R. 4897, is, " A Bill to further protect the first day of the week as a day of rest in the District of Columbia." This again re-veals the character and object of the desired legislation ; it is to protect the day, not the people. In order to "pro-tect the day" the people, by the provis-ions of these bills, are to be subject to heavy fines, ranging from five dollars to one hundred dollars, and long terms of imprisonment, for engaging in that which on any other day of the week would be regarded as honest labor and trade. This again shows that it is on account of the religious character of the day, and not the criminal character of the deed, that this legislation is de-manded. Legislating on the Ten Commandments Another speaker at this mass-meeting, Senator Johnston, himself the author of one of the Sunday bills now before Congress, advocated civil government's legislating on all ten of the ten com-mandments. Who that has ever read them does not know that the first four of these commandments relate to God and to his worship, and are therefore religious ? It is useless, therefore, to deny that this movement is a religious movement, or that these bills are religious bills. As well deny that a measure requiring the teaching of religion in the public schools, or commanding men to attend church, or bow down to an idol or a crucifix is religious. From their earliest origin, Sunday laws have been religious. In the very nature of the case they could not be otherwise ; for the Sunday institution itself, like the Sabbath of original and divine appointment, is, and always has been, religious ; first, as a pagan institu-tion, dedicated to the sun and to its wor-ship, and later as a professed Christian institution, introduced into the Christian church during the early centuries of the Christian era as a substitute and sup-planter of the original Sabbath, the sev-enth day. The first Sunday laws forbade only secular labor and business, but they were made in the interest of the church; or, as the historian Sozomen tells us, " that the day might be devoted with less in-terruption to the purpose of devotion." This reason reveals the secret of the legislation, It is in the behalf of the church, and with a view to church at-tendance. Later Sunday laws forbade not only secular labor, but shows, theaters, games. sports, and like amusements. These laws were issued in response to demands made by the church leaders of those times, who complained, as Neander in-forms us, that " the people congregate more to the circus than to the church," 