LIBERTY 29 the public shows might be transferred from the Christian Sunday and from feast days of the week " because the people congregated to these places more than to the churches, and that if these were closed, " Christians would attend more to things divine." " In this way," says Neander, " the church received help from the state for the furtherance of her ends." In this way, by means of Sunday laws, church and state were united, and  the church obtained control of the civil power. This is precisely the program that every organization seeking the aid of the state in matters of religion is trying to carry out. Legislators should beware of those who are appealing to the civil power to promote the observance of Sun-day or any other legislation of a religious character, whether they are Catholics or Protestants. Sunday Law Agitation in Washington State W. F. MARTIN EACH year there is held in the city of Tacoma, Wash., what is known as the Mont-Mara festival. Sometime dur-ing this festival, or carnival, there are automobile races on a large scale. One year ago these were held on Sunday. July 6. Many thousands of people usu-ally flock to these races, as drivers of na-tional and international repute compete for the prizes. There was at this time in the State of Washington what was known as the Sabbath Observance League. This league opened negotiations with the man-agers to secure a change of the races from Sunday to Friday. The managers demanded for this change $12,500. The league, it claims,. secured about half this amount, but could not get the remainder. and so the races were held on Sunday; " greatly to the moral injury of Ta-coma." This stirred the members of the league to more diligence, and they organized the Lord's Day Alliance of the State of Washington as an auxiliary of the Lord's Day Alliance of the United States. The great purpose of this alliance is to " pre- vent a recurrence of this or any other desecration of the Lord's Day." How do they purpose doing this? Š By fram- ing a bill, and getting the legislature to pass it, thus calling to the aid of the church the arm of the civil law. To the average American this looks very much like religious legislation. The query arises, Why is it thought morally worse for the racers to run their cars on Sunday than on Friday? None need be at a loss to answer. The mem-bers of the Lord's Day Alliance regard Sunday as a sacred day ; and as they thus regard it, they cannot tolerate those who wish to devote the day to same pur-pose different from the wishes of the alliance. To prevent this, the alliance now proposes to secure a Sunday law that will prevent any desecration of the Lord's Day. Of course the alliance is to decide what constitutes the desecration of the day. It will have to be taken for granted that their consciences are right, and any one whose conscience is not in accord with theirs is wrong. One can but wonder what good it will do either the racers or those who wish to witness the races to prohibit such an event on Sunday. Then again, it surely will not benefit the church. It is doubtful if a single one who might be thus prevented from attending the races would go to church. When will the leaders of the church learn that men and women cannot be won to Christ by the use of the civil power? Force never converted a single soul. Ministers and church workers have a right to persuade and exhort to accomplish their ends, but not to use the arm of the civil power. " Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." 