May We Knit on Sunday? THE problem of Sabbath observance has come up in various forms in England, where it was decided by certain bishops that no harm could come from working in the 'fields on the Lord's day. With us the extreme stage of the question has not been reached; but Scranton, Pennsylvania, has asked aloud if it is right for women to knit on Sunday for the soldiers, and also whether knitting during church service is proper. An answer is at-tempted by the Baltimore Sun, speaking ethi-cally, and assurance is given that ' so far as knitting garments for our soldiers on Sunday is concerned,' even the strictest sabbatarian might safely include it among permissible works of mercy and necessity.' The Sun ar-gues the point with seriousness, even if it does permit itself a stroke of humor at the end of its homily : "` With all the numberless knitting needles that are enlisted in the cause, there will not be enough woolen articles to keep every sol-dier warm this winter. Even with spare hours on Sunday utilized, there is no time to be lost if the individual knitting factories are to come anywhere near meeting the demand upon them. "` The question of knitting in church is, we concede, more debatable. If it is right to fight battles on Sunday, why should it not be right to do helpful and comforting things during church services? It is not inconceivable that a warm stocking would be regarded as far more religious up above than a cold prayer, and that a woolen vest for a soldier of the Loid might be considered in the heavenly court of last resort as more eloquent than many sermons. Nor do we think it could be urged that knitting in church would divert the minds of the congregation from exhortations to piety. Knitting, when fully mastered, be-comes largely mechanical, and even beginners could still sing the hymns and listen devoutly to the minister. "' We acknowledge that knitting is not per se a pious exercise, and that it does not nec- essarily involve a peaceful frame of mind. The Frencli furies who surrounded the guillo-tine during the Reign, of Terror frequently carried their knitting with them, and rarely missed a stitch even during the most exciting scenes. It would unquestionably he better to knit in church than, like Madame La Farge, at such a revolutionary shrine as that at which she and others of her kind worshiped during those memorable days of blood. " ' However this may be decided, we enter a protest right here against one thing: No young woman should be permitted to take her young man along and make him hold the yarn  for her in church while she winds it up into a ball. That would certainly be demoralizing to the preacher, and it would surely inspire jealous and irreligious thoughts in the minds of girls who had no young men to hold their yarn. We make this point now, both in the interest of religious decorum and of feminine friendship and good feeling.'" The foregoing from the Literary Di-gest of October 20, last, serves to show two things : First, how easily people as-sume something that is not true and then proceed seriously to discuss issues which exist only in their imagination ; and sec-ond, how utterly impossible it is for the average newspaper man to treat seriously even a serious matter. Here is a great moral question pro-jected upon the screen of our modern civilization and practical religion by the most terrible war ever known to man-kind, and yet the editor of one of our great dailies in one of our leading Amer-ican cities must needs inject into its dis- cussion something of the frivolous. Ł But that to which we especially wish to call attention is the fact that nowhere in the Sacred Scriptures is there even a hint that it is wrong to do any sort of work on Sunday. All men know, or ought to know, that not until the time of the English Puritans was it claimed by anybody that the prohibitions of the fourth commandment applied to Sunday.  Roman Catholics have always insisted that Sunday sacredness rests wholly upon the precept and practice of the church. All the sixteenth-century Reformers, even including John Calvin, repudiated the idea that either work or play on Sunday was a violation of the law of God. It is true that as early as the fourth century, some people regarded working on Sunday as sinful, but only in so far as it was for-bidden by the church, just as eating meat on Friday is today believed by many to be sinful. Will the newspapers ever al-low us to get away from this false Puri-tanical idea of the sanctions of Sunday? C. P. B. 6r 