LIBERTY 5 it is difficult to convince the people of divine displeasure for refusing to recog-nize an institution that has no divine sanction. The Sabbath of the fourth commandment has been perpetuated to the present time without human laws to enforce it, because its origin is divine; but the Sunday sabbath, being of hu-man origin only, its defenders feel the necessity of human laws to uphold it ; and its harsh requirements are enforced with cruel severity even upon those who, feeling they must observe the divinely appointed Sabbath, feel also that they are entitled to the other sic days of the week as days for labor, following in this the example of Jesus himself. The Sunday law is antichristian on two counts : first, because it is a human law designed to regulate the religious conduct of indi-viduals, thus putting a human require-ment between man and his God ; and second, because it imposes a penalty upon the keeping of the day which Jehovah himself set apart as the Sabbath. The Sunday law deprives the true Sabbath-keeper of one sixth of his rightful work-ing time. Let the blame rest where it belongs, upon the deficiency of divine sanction and blessing in the Sunday sab-bath itself. Dogmatic Science SAYS one of our exchanges (the Jef-ferson County, Wisconsin, Union of February 25) in commenting upon one of the principles found on the second cover page of this magazine : " Dogma-tism is never found in true science. It belongs only to the theologians. Science speaks only of what she knows and can prove." But who that has kept pace with the pretentious claims of modern scientists can deny that what are known as the great sciences of our day have be-come supremely dogmatic? " Scientists " have not hesitated to discard utterly the God of the Bible and set up a god and a  religion of their own. The dogmatism of modern science is binding the thought and the spiritual activities of this gener-ation as with bands of steel. It has pen-etrated the churches and gripped both pulpit and pew. In very many cases the faithless theologian has become a dog-matic scientist, and preaches science for salvation and doubt for doctrine. Against this tendency of our times, which is un-settling faith and assaulting theŁ very foundations of morality, this magazine warns and protests. That the movement above referred to has entered even the sanctum of the Jefferson County Union is evidenced by the editor's statement that religion itself has been " made fairer to look upon and more conducive to the needs of mankind " as a result of the work which science has accomplished. If religion were dependent upon human science for the accomplishment of such a work, the conclusion is inevitable that man can improve upon God's work Šand has done so! The resultant would therefore be a religion not of divine or-igin merely, but of divine origin, hu-manly improved that it might be prac-tical. To state the purpose and the result of such an undertaking, should be warning enough to every sincere child of God. Just in proportion as modern sci-ence has progressed, 'doubt has increased concerning the reliability of God's Word, skepticism has spread abroad, and the conclusions of human research have been substituted for the plain statements of revelation. Instead of making the relig-ion of the Bible " fairer to look upon," science has practically abolished the relig-ion of the Bible, so far as the influence of such " science " extends, and has substi- tuted human wisdom in the place of it. While this may be pleasing to that pride of man which glories in self-salvation, it furnishes no secure foundation upon which man may rest his hope of a fu-ture life. 