1.1141104 Š(Portugalj Edificio das Cortes e estatua de Jose Estella° 117 60 LIBERTY prove that the sale of Bibles, the preach-ing of the gospel, the distribution of literature, public worship in houses with-out form of a temple, were offenses against public morals. Were it not for the strength of the liberal parties, these supposed offenders would have been se-verely punished. Even so, many colpor-teurs and ministers saw the interior of prison cells. Several colporteurs df the British and Foreign Bible Society were imprisoned and their books confiscated by order of  carried on by a supposed servant of God, in the name of Christ our Saviour, were made to feel that Christian love was inferior to the love of money. Through this cause many were sepa-rated from the faith of their fathers. Many times burials were delayed be-cause the money to pay for the religious service was not forthcoming. Many young people began to live together in family relations because of the exor-bitant sums charged by the priests for marriage fees. Children went without LEGISLATIVE HALL OF THE PORTUGUESE REPUBLIC the ecclesiastical authorities, because the sale of Bibles constituted a crime against the state religion. One notable case was judged by the archbishop of Evora, but his sentence was revoked by the supreme court at Lisbon. In almost all localities the priests were functionaries of the state to keep the registry of all births, marriages, and deaths. The price of each was deter-mined according to the supposed social position, riches, or poverty of those who required their services. These prices were very exorbitant. If the individual affected was of strong religious faith, no complaint would be made; but many times the people, seeing this commerce  names and could not prove who were their parents because the fee charged by the priest for christening the child was more than the parents could pay. These are the complaints one could hear on all sides. We have seen the host being carried to the sick by a priest. An attendant with a bell warned all of its approach. Street-cars stopped. Motor-men, pedes-trians, police, soldiers, and all in the va-rious walks of life would kneel until the procession had passed. The men were obliged by law to remove their hats. Many times during the year there would be processions when certain im-ages would be carried through the 