LIBERTY 189 The Scourge Fails to Convert IN ancient times before a criminal was executed on the gallows or crucified on the cross, the civil and religious officers of the law believed it to be their religious duty to lead the condemned criminal to repentance and sorrow for his sins. They believed that the proper way to ex-tort confessions and lead him to humil-iation of soul was to apply the scourge to his body, usually " forty stripes save one." This was their way of converting the evildoer and leading him to God be-fore his life was blotted out. The gen-eration of this class of religious workers is not yet extinct. A striking exhibition of this method of procedure is recorded in Sacred Writ. When the two thieves were crucified with Christ, the scourge was also applied to them. We find them both reviling Christ in the morning when they were nailed to the cross. Later, in the after-noon, a remarkable change had taken place in the attitude of one of the thieves toward Christ. We find him confessing his sins, justifying Christ, and acknowl-edging him as his blessed Lord. What had wrought this great trans-formation? It was the Saviour's won-derful prayer : " Father, forgive them ; for they know not what they do." It was the Saviour's attitude toward his persecutors which broke the heart of that wicked thief, and led him to see his sin in the light of heaven. That prayer and Christ's forgiving spirit did what the scourge could not do. This thief had gone through his trial, he had been scourged, he had been nailed to the cross, the law had taken its full course, but his heart had not been softened nor sub-dued. All this did not lead him to re-pentance nor cause him to call upon God for mercy. But when he saw the love of Christ manifested, and heard the Saviour praying for his murderers, his heart was subdued and he was led to call upon the great Deliverer for mercy. A new life was awakened in him, and the fear of God flashed into his soul. What this sinning world needs is more of the love and gentleness of the Man of  Galilee, whose wooing and winning ways never repelled the poor sinner. We em-ploy too much harshness in our service for others. Instead of trying to reach evildoers through the operations of the law of love, we employ the law of force. We have forsaken the doctrine that we must conquer our enemies by kindness., Even religious sects often do not adopt this rule toward one another, and are most intolerant toward the unbelievers and nonconformists. If we desire to have people fall in love with our religion, we must make it lovely and attractive to them. Civil laws and carnal weapons were never employed by Christ to ad-vance his cause. Religious legislation on the part of the state to aid the cause of Christianity has always caused it to ret-rograde. Law, prison, and scourge have never converted evildoers. If they are converted in prison, it is in spite of the prison. We are not opposed to the proper use of law and prison in the pun-ishment of civil offenses, but we are op-posed to the misapplication of these measures when they are used by the state to advance religious dogmas and insti-tutions. Nothing but the power and love of God can transform human hearts. It is the changed heart, and not the striped suit, which reforms the malefactor. It is in the secret closet of prayer, and not in the chain gang, where we conquer our enemies. It is spiritual regeneration, and not civic reformation, which transforms the evildoer. The Man of Galilee did not try to reform the government, but to convert the individual. The ambassadors of the spiritual kingdom are sent forth on the wings of love, and not in the chariots of hate. We are asked to wor-ship God in spirit and truth at the altar of love and mercy, and not through civil government at the altar of force. The gospel of the Nazarene is an evangel of love that wins men, and not an edict of law that drives men. Let us, therefore, banish darkness with light, error with truth, malice with kindness, and our cause will be sure of triumph. C. S. L. 