NICHOLAS II OF RUSSIA AND THE CZARINA The czar declares he will win this war if it takes his last man. 152 LIBERTY . That time is the time of the coming of Jesus Christ. But following his com-ing there can be no wars of nation against nation, as this scripture which tells of his coming clearly indicates: Š" To you that are afflicted rest with us, at the revelation of the Lord Jesus from heaven with the angels of his power in flaming fire, rendering vengeance to them that know not God, and to them that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus: who shall suffer punishment, even eter-nal destruction from the face of the Lord and from the glory of his might, when he shall come to be glorified in his saints." 2 Thess. I : 7-10. There will be no one left then to carry on war, for all who are not " caught up in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air." will be slain at the coming of Christ, and will remain in their graves for a thousand years. See I Thess. 4: 16, 17; Rev. 20:4-8. Is This Armageddon? The war now being fought in Europe is not Armageddon, but it is entirely pos-sible that it may lead into that battle. If that power designated in the Bi-ble as " the king of the north " throws its forces into this war, loses control of its capital, and reestablishes its government in Palestine (" between the sea and the glorious holy mountain," Dan. I I : 45) where " he shall come to his end, and none shall help him," then this is the first stage of the Armageddon battle. But that is yet to be determined. The outcome of this war we can-not forecast. Its relation to Ar-mageddon depends upon the aligning and shifting of the na-tions themselves. Will those shiftings and alignings so dry up that power designated by the Bible as the Euphrates that the way will be prepared for the forces of heathenism and Mo-hammedanism to come up to the common battle ground of the world? Time will tell. But tf this war does not do it, another must follow soon that will. Then, with the forces of hea-thendom, Christendom, and Mo-hammedanism battling in Pales-tine for the great center of the religious world, we shall have Armageddon, the judgments of God, and the coming of the world's Redeemer. Many incidents of this war prove the unusual anger of the nations involved. There are denuncia-tions and counterdenunciations, charges and countercharges of inhumanity and barbarity, declarations to fight this war through till the enemy is crushed and begging on his knees for mercy. It is a fulfillment of God's Word Š" the nations were angry." And we read. as another sign of the proximity of the end. " Upon the earth distress of nations, with perplexity ; the sea and the waves roaring; men's hearts fail- 