ous protest from a distinguished lawyer, Hon. Edgar H. Far-rar, which was printed in the New Orleans Times-Dent-ocrat of Oct. 27, 1912. We quote a part of Mr. Farrar's statement : Š LIBERTY 13 Circular Letter from His Grace the Most Rev. Archbishop and His Lordship Bishop Van de Ven To the Clergy of !the State of Louisiana, Apropos of the Proposed Tax Amendment, Calling Upon Them to Use Every Inflnence at Their Command to Avert the Adoption of the Inheritance Tax Law. ARCHBISHOP'S MOUSE, NEW °miter*. October 24, 1912. REV. DEAR FATHER :ŠOur present Inheritance Tax Law does not con-cern itself at all with donations inter vivos. It deals exclusively with in-heritances and legacies or donations mortis cause. And it provides that the Inheritance Tax shall not be imposed on any legacy or donation mortis cause in favor of an educational, religious, or charita-ble institution. The' proposed Tax Amendment contemplates a new Inheritance Tax Law, leveled at all donations inter vivos, generally; and which will also strike at donations inter vivos and legacies to educational, religious, or charitable in-stitutions, or to trustees for educational, religious, or charitable purposes, where such donations inter vivos or legacies amount to more than half of the disposable portion., of the donor's or testator's estate. And in that case, the Tax shall be imposed, not upon the excess only, but upon the entire donation or legacy; and the donees or legatees shall be considered to be within the. third class (of beneficiaries) established by the proposed Tax Amendment; that is to say, those who must pay not less than three and three-fourths per cent, and who may be called upon to pay as much as sixteen per centŠas the Legislature will decide. Thus, under the present law, all' donations, by the living or by the dead, to educational, religious or charitable institutions, or for educational, relig ioue or Charitable purposes, are exempt from any lax. The law encourages such donations. as being to the highest credit of the donors or testators, and to the greatest advantage of the people. The proposed new Inheritance Tax Law, on the contrary, discourages public spirit, benevolence, piety and charity. Why an Inheritance Tax should be levied on donations inter vivos (be-tween the living), it is difficult, if not impossible, to understand. This pro-vision in the Tax Amendment is an absurdity h1 terms; for a donation during life can never be aptly called an inheritance. It is bad enough that donations, generally. should be taxed. But it is most deplorable, from every standpoint, that donations and legacies for educational, religious or charitable, purposes should be subjected to the payment of a tax, when the donor or testator has been, in the opinion of the legislator, too generous or too charitable. It is a short sighted and mischievous policy. This question is one of the greatest moment to every University or College, to every Church or religious establishment, of any denomination, and to every asylum or charitable institution. Every friend of education, every friend of religion, every friend of the poor should vote against such a law. You will, therefore, use all the influence at your command to avert from our beloved State a disaster of such magnitude as the adoption of this Inheritance Tax Law would certainly inflict on interests that are among the most useful, lofty and sacred in any State or nation. With blessing on yourself and your respective flocks, we are, Faithfully in Christ, 'I-JAMES H. BLENR, S.M., Archbishop of New Orleans. +CORNELIUS VAN DE VEN, Bishop of Alexandria. This letter is to be read at all the Masses on Sunday, October 27. Every liberal-minded citizen, no matter what his faith, will, in my judgment, look upon this pro-nunciamento as a very unfortunate ut-terance. If it had been the individual opinion of the arch-bishop and the bishop of Alexandria ex-pressing their objec-tions to the inherit-ance-tax clause of the tax amend-ment, there would be no objection to it, but it is an official document issued ex cathedra, with all the power and authority of the Roman Catho-lic hierarchy behind it, addressed to the whole Catholic clergy in Louisiana, to be read at all masses held in Louisiana on Sunday, October 27, and, therefore, brought to the atten-tion of all Catholic laymen as made part of the services of their church. It is, therefore, a practical command to all Cath-olic laymen to obey the voice of the church and vote down the whole re-form amendment, irrespective of its merits, on the sole ground that it con-tains one clause which the church does not approve of because it would dimin-ish the revenues of the church in all cases where a testator or donor should 