LIBERTY 77 - day devoted not to the ordinary pursuits of life. It is true, in many of the decisions this separation of the day is said to be authorized by the police power of the State and exercised for purposes of health. At the same time, through a large majority of them there runs the thought of its being a religious day, con-secrated by the commandment, Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God:  in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates.'" The religious character of Sunday laws is so transparent that no one should be deceived thereby, especially those who compose our lawmaking- bodies. Rochester, N. Y. A NEW ana DRASTIC SUNDAY BILL By OUR OWN REPORTER MAY i r a new Sunday bill was in-troduced into the upper house of Ł Congress by Senator Smith of Mary-land. This bill, which is S. 226o, reads as follows : " A BILL " To protect the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, from desecration and to secure its observance as a day of rest in the District of Columbia. " Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That from and after the passage of this Act it shall be unlawful in the District of Columbia for any person to labor or employ any person to labor or to pursue any trade or secular business on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, works of necessity and charity always ex-cepted. " SECTION 2.-That from and after the pas-sage of this Act it shall be unlawful in the District of Columbia to keep open or use for secular purposes any dancing saloon, theater, bowling alley, place of public assembly or amusement for secular purposes, to engage in unlawful sports on the Lord's day, com-monly called Sunday. "SEC. 3.Š That from and after the passage of this Act it shall be unlawful in the District of Columbia for any person, firm, corporation, or municipality, or any of their agents, direc-tors, or officers, to require or permit any em-ployees engaged in works of necessity or char-ity, excepting in household service, to work on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, unless within the next succeeding six days during a period of twenty-four consecutive hours he or it shall neither require nor permit such employee to work in his or its employ. " SEC. 4.Š That any person who shall vio-late any of the provisions of this Act shall,  on conviction thereof, be punished by a fine of not less than $5 nor more than $50 for the first offense, and for each subsequent of-fense by a fine of not less than $25 nor more than $5oo, or by both fine and imprisonment in the jail of the District of Columbia for a period of not less than one month nor more than six months, in the discretion of the court. " SEC. 5.Š That all prosecutions for violation of this Act shall be in the police court of the District of Columbia." The bill " was read twice and referred to the committee on the District of Co-lumbia." It will be observed that Mr. Smith's proposed law is avowedly religious, be-ing " a bill to protect the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, from desecra-tion and to secure its observance as a clay of rest in the District of Columbia." To desecrate is " to divest of a sacred character or office; to divert from a sa-cred purpose ; to violate the sanctity of ; to profane ; " etc. Now Mr. Smith's bill candidly and openly proposes to prevent all this, and of course to secure the very opposite, namely, " its observance as a day of rest in the District of Columbia." Therefore. Congress is asked to de-clare by the passage of S. 226o that " the Lord's day " is the day " commonly called Sunday." And further, that it is " sacred " and " consecrated," for only that can be desecrated which' has pre-viously been consecrated. The bill proposes to forbid " any per-son to labor or to pursue any trade or 