LIBERTY  111 trayed by the Author of Christianity himself, Jesus Christ. Likewise, to know what Ameri-canism means and stands for we should have to consult the record of a patriotic ancestry, the Christian founders of this country, who gave to the world the beacon light of all nations. " Americanism is contemplated in the two greatest political documents ever devised by mortal man, the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States, the latter being pronounced by Gladstone to be the most wonderful work ever struck off at a given time by the brain and purpose of man.' These two great documents stand for the abso-lute divorcement of religion and civil govern-ment. But they stand for more than the mere separation of church and state. Americanism forbids the civil government from interfering with the activities of the church when those activities do not interfere with the equal rights of others. " In order to make freedom in religious ac-tivities and noninterference doubly secure, in order to guarantee the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness' to their posterity, our forefathers incorporated into the fundamental law of the land a genuine American amendment, the first, which reads, Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridg-ing the freedom of speech, or of the press.' " Intent and Purpose of the Constitution " In his commentary on that Amendment, Joseph Story said, The same policy, which,  in- troduced into the Constitution the prohibition of any religious test (Article VI, Section 3), led to this more extended prohibition of the interference of Congress in religious concerns. We are not to attribute this prohibition of a na-tional religious establIslanent to an indifference to religion in general, and especially to Chris-tianity (which none could hold in more rever-ence than did the framers of the Constitution), but to a dread by the people of the influence of ecclesiastical power in matters of government; a dread which their ancestors brought with them from the parent country, and which, un-happily for human infirmity, their own conduct, after their emigration, had not in any just degree tended to diminish. It was also obvious, from the numerous and powerful sects existing in the United States, that there would be per-petual temptations to struggles for ascendancy in the national councils, if any one might there-by hope to found a permanent and exclusive national establishment of its own, and religious persecutions might thus be introduced to an extent utterly subversive of the true interests and good order of the Republic. The most effectual mode of suppressing the evil, in the view of the people, was to strike down the temp-tations to its introduetio.n.'Ñ Story on the Constitution,' p, $59. " Right and Place of Religious Schools " At the present time sectarian or church or parochial schools are being conducted by Prot-estants and Catholics in Michigan and through-out the entire country; and we would raise the question, Is legislation of this character, con-templated by the proposed amendment to be voted upon in November, fundamentally right from the viewpoint of the American conception of civil government? We think not. But in raising this question and in, opposing the pro-posed amendment, we make no attack upon the public school system. Not for a moment would we say aught against this most excellent ar-rangement for democratic and secular education. It is the best devised system possible for the purpose for which it was brought into being. Our public school system is a conservator against possible inroads of un-American policies, and has produced some of our greatest statesmen, financiers, and leaders of thought. It is an im-portant factor (though not the only one, we sub-mit) in the development of American citizenry, and must needs be continued and sustained by general taxation. " We submit, however, that a church school system is not necessarily un-American or an enemy of the Republic. It is not necessarily a breeder of unpatriotic impulses, anarchism, and the like. In a speech delivered in June, 1919, Dr. Philander P. Claxton, United States Com-missioner of Education, said: " I believe in the public school system. It has been the salvation of our democracy, but the private schools and colleges have been the salvation of the public schools. These private institutions have their place in our educational system. They prevent it from becoming auto-cratic and arbitrary, and encourage its growth along new lines.' " Religious and private schools for children have been in vogue in this country for many years, without serious opposition, but if the Wayne County Civic Association knows of any sectarian school system which is menacing the welfare of America, it should disclose the fact to the public and to the authorities at once. No school system should feel itself exempt from the scrutiny of the public authorities, nor feel free to educate its patrons away from American-ism! But without going into the question of the comparative merits of the church and pub- lic schools systems, is it not the inherent right of parents to begin the religious training of their children for the kingdom of God while they are young and impressionable? Is there not a hereafter to prepare fore Is this the only world possible? Or does death end it ant " Religion and the Public School " There are those who would convert our public school system into a semisectarian sys-tem, and teach religion to the children who attend. Would the promoters of the proposed 