14 LIBERTY " For so is the will of God, that with well-doing ye may put to silence the ignorance of foolish men: as free, and not using your liberty for a cloak of maliciousness, but as the servants of God." I Peter 2: 15, 16. " I wish the Court to have a thorough un-derstanding of my view that I took at the trial and that I take now of this case, and if the law is held unconstitutional for one reason or another, it will be all right with me. My personal feelings are very broad on that line." Attorney Woolman's Rebuttal Argument Mr. Woolman : " The Legislature was trying to protect not only the Seventh-day Adventists, but the Jew and others who worship on any other day of the week. None of the persons living in that town have ever raised a ques-tion on the subject. It was a person who was indebted to Mr. Krieger and was indignant, and he was gotten to prosecute this case. Not one of the honorable citizens of the town did this act, but Brown, the man who does not live in that beautiful little town of Hitch-cock, did this work. We are simply here to give what light we can. We have tried to give the Court the theory upon which we tried the case. We shall be Rleased if the Court can see its way clear to give the statute that kind of construction that you think is right and just to these parties. Whatever is decided, of course, will be the law of the State from this on. There are four other cases against these parties. The decision of this case will probably settle them all." Attorney Simmons's Rebuttal Argument Attorney Simmons : " May it please the Court. We have only a few remarks to make in conclusion. I realize that this case depends upon the construction of the words ' servile labor.' When Your Honors come to con-strue these words and apply to them a broad and equitable principle of construction, the dominant idea of the spirit of the law will prevail over the literalism of the statute, so that the legislative intent may be carried out irrespective of its wording." Chief Justice Doyle : " You are asking the Court now to do what the Legislature would have done if it had been brought to their at-tention. The first section of the law was made and these others were added without its being broadened out. They forgot to put the sav-ing clauses on the following sections. It should have been carried out. But would that be judicial legislation if we put it in there?" Mr. Simmons : " I think not, Your Honor. This is one of the noble offices of the ju- diciary. It is not judicial legislation for the Court to do a great right by preventing a great wrong that is being perpetrated against citizens and their property, when it words the statute so as to declare the true legislative intent. One of the greatest acts Your Honors can do is to construe a statute so as to protect the religious rights of citizens in harmony with the supreme law of the State. " If the law in question is construed in its literal sense, it would be opposed to the or-ganic law of the State, and unconstitutional. If it is construed as we contend, its integrity will be maintained and all classes of citizens will have their religious rights. " I thank the Honorable Court for your pa tient consideration of this case." Chief Justice Doyle: "The Court is pleased to have the question of so great importance presented so fully by both sides. It will be submitted upon the briefs, and the arguments that have been made." After deliberation for three months, the court handed down a written opinion, which granted full religious liberty to Sabbatarians, and reversed the decision of the lower court. All three judges con-curred in one of the most learned and able opinions which was ever written upon this subject, and it is a long step forward instead of backward. Do not fail to read this opinion, which is printed in full on pages 3-5 of this issue. If the state did not mix religion and politics, the courts would not be called to pass upon such questions. The only consistent American way to deal with this matter is to relegate the observance of religious institutions to the realm of church functions and divorce them en-tirely from civil enactments. Total sepa-ration of church and state is the only basis of lasting peace and harmony be-tween the citizens of divergent faiths. All men should be induced to be religious, but not by force. Compulsory religion is contrary to the laws and principles of Christianity. C. S. L. " Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage." Gal. 5. T. 