LIBERTY 31 days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it." Here again we find the Sabbath day def-initely declared to be " the seventh day." There is no mention of the first day of the week. Upon it no blessing from God is given. It is not set apart for holy use by sanctification. In fact, what is known as Sunday, or the first day of the week, is not even mentioned. But the seventh day is declared to be the rest day of Jehovah. When Christ came into the world, he came to do the will of God. There was one object before him all through his earthly life Š to render perfect obedience to God's law. In one of his sermons before a great multitude. the Saviour said, " Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil. For verily I say unto you, Till heaven and earth pass, one jot or one tittle shall in no wise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled." Throughout his earthly ministry Christ kept the seventh day as the Sabbath. It would have been impossible for him to have worked out man's salvation other than by keeping the law of his Father. The breaking of this law is that which brought sin and death into the world. It is by keeping that law and giving his life for the sinner that Christ redeems the sinner and makes it possible for him to be saved. Nor have we any record that God or Christ ever commissioned any of the apos-tles or elders to inaugurate a change of the Sabbath day. In fact, all the early churches kept the true Sabbath day. In those days none believed in keeping any other day as the Sabbath, for there is not one word nor hint in all the Bible that any other day of the week than the seventh is to he observed as the Sabbath. The truth is, we have to come down into the second and third centuries after Christ, before we have any authentic record of the church's observing in any manner the first day of the week. The " sacredness of Sunday " is not traceable to Christ, nor the apostles, nor to the early church. The Puritans are the people who clothed Sunday with the title Sabbath, and threw about it a sanctity be-longing to the seventh day of the week. Now, as God made the Sabbath day, and plainly declares, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy. God," has man or the church or the state the right to change that day? Š Surely not. If God requires man to observe the sev-enth day as the Sabbath, have earthly gov-ernments the right to compel men to ob-serve for the Sabbath some other day? Sabbath-keeping is purely a matter of conscience. It is a religious duty. Has Congress the right to make citizens observe a religious ordinance? When man ob-serves a religious ceremony because he is compelled to by law, is he any more a Christian than if he had not observed that rite? If the government compels its cit-izens to receive sprinkling for immersion, and one third of them believe that im-mersion is the only true baptism, has com-pulsory sprinkling made them better or more religious? If another portion do not believe in Christianity at all, will sprink-ling by law assure them salvation ? Compulsion in religious duties can only make men worse, not better. It tends to make honest men hypocrites, and encour-ages the hypocrite in his hypocrisy. The clamor for more stringent Sunday laws is only a repetition of the experiences through which the church passed in the days of papal supremacy. Should every State in the Union and the Congress of the.  United States enact stringent Sunday laws, binding the consciences of men and hedging in their liberties, it would not make men better, nor the people more religious. Religion is heart work. All it does must be done in faith to God in obedience to his Word. Now when a government compels a man to do what the man knows is con- trary to God's Word, it certainly compels the man to make a pretense in his obe- dience. The man's act, divested of faith, is stripped of all virtue or merit, and either the individual must hate himself for his duplicity, or pity the gOvernment that would make him do that which he knows is contrary to the Word of God. The seventh day is the Sabbath of Je-hovah. It will forever remain God's Sab- bath. No substitute can take its place, and no church nor government has the right to ask any man to violate his conscience in keeping for a sabbath, a day which he knows is contrary to the Word of God. 