LIBERTY Sabbatarians find no authority in the Scripture for keeping Sunday, the first day of the week, nor can any one else. All commentators agree that Saturday is and was the Scriptural Sabbath, and that the keeping of Sunday, the first day of the week, as the Sabbath, is of human origin, and not by divine injunction.Š Senator Robert H. Crockett, in speech before Arkansas legislature. Watching Like the Pharisees " Pull down the curtain and finish a little job of one chair, and for that poor little Peter. Bright has been disturbed. He has been watch-ing. Uncle Peter is a clever man. I am going to read from the Scripture about the Pharisees and Sadducees. Uncle Peter and his crowd are not the first people who ever watched. Uncle Peter says they were watching to see if they could catch these people doing any work on Sunday. They have all been watching for PHARISEES PLOTTING AGAINST CHRIST nearly two years, and with all the watching they have done, they have found these three solitary times. " We read in the third chapter of Mark, ' He entered again into the synagogue; and there was a man there which had a withered hand. And they watched him, whether he would heal him on the Sabbath day.' The Pharisees were constantly watching Christ to see if he would do any work on the Sabbath. So you were watching your neighbor, Uncle Peter? Did you ever go to your neighbor and tell him that he should not work on Sunday? You said you had not. if you were guarding the morals of the community, why didn't you go to him? If you had the spirit of the lowly Nazarene in your heart, why didn't you go to these people and labor with them first in order to set them right? I do not say you are a Pharisee, because that is a very mean term, but you acted exactly like the Pharisees.  On another occasion Christ and his disciples were going through a cornfield, and they were hungry and plucked some corn to eat on the Sabbath day, and the Pharisees were watching them again, and accused Christ of doing that which was not lawful on the Sabbath day. Those Pharisees were always watching every-where, just as Uncle Peter and his crowd were watching these people to see if they would not do some work on the Sunday. " Gentlemen of the jury, who has been dis-turbed in this case? and what has this old man done that he should be put in jail and have a fine? The bottom dropped out of the other three cases, and they didn't get to the jury. The zeal of their own house has eaten them up. " These people who observe Saturday for the Sabbath are among the best citizens we have. They observe Saturday, and then have such respect for their neighbors, when they have already satisfied their conscience in ob-serving the seventh day, that they refrain from work on Sunday that would actually disturb their neighbors. This is very commendable in them, and a feeling which Sunday observers often fail to reciprocate. I have absolutely no feeling of partiality in the matter, except that feeling which comes from a belief in the abso-lute justice in the case. I am going to leave the fortunes of that old man, who has never been in the courthouse before, with you as to whether you will brand him as a criminal under the law, subject to pay the fine and costs, because he was watched, and caught as the Saviour of the world was caught by the watch-ing of the Pharisees. Let him go in peace without the stamp of a criminal on his brow." Attorney-General Bowman's Final Retort " Attorney Baskerville said I was persecut-ing this people. As long as I am attorney-general I shall indict them. Months ago 1 warned them to cease from all labor on Sun-day and I would not give them any trouble. With that fair treatment at my hand, it is said that I am persecuting them today. They have even gone so far as to write up these prosecutions in their journals Š that it was a persecution because they believe Saturday is the The enforced observance of a day held sacred by one of these sects, is a discrim-ination in favor of that sect, and a violation of the religious freedom of the others. Š Supreme court of California. in declaring the Sunday law unconstitutional. 