LIBERTY 21 church and state for the civil power to en-force cessation of work upon the Lord's Day in maintenance of any religious views in re-gard to its proper observance. That must be left to the conscience of men, as they are severally influenced by their religious instruc-tion. Churches differ widely, as is well known, on this subject; the views of Roman Catholics and Presbyterians, for instance, being diver-gent, and the views of other churches differing from both. Even if Christianity could be deemed the basis of our government, its own organic law must be found in the New Testa-ment, and there we shall look in vain for any requirement to observe Sunday. . . . The Master's references to the Sabbath were not in support but in derogation of the extreme observance of the Mosaic day of rest indulged in by the Pharisees. The Old Testament com-manded the observance of the Sabbath, . . . and it designated Saturday, not Sunday, as the day of rest. Sunday was first adopted by Christians in lieu of Saturday long years after Christ, in commemoration of the resurrection. The first " Sunday law " was enacted in the year 321 after Christ, soon after the emperor Con-stantine had abjured paganism, and apparently for a different reason than the Christian ob-servance of the day. It is as follows : " Let all judges and city people and all tradesmen rest upon the venerable day of the sun. Let those dwelling in the country freely and with full liberty attend to the culture of their fields, since it frequently happens that no other day is so fit for the sowing of grain or the plant-ing of vines; hence, the favorable time should not be allowed to pass, lest the provisions of heaven be lost." " Given the seventh of March, Crispus and Constantine being consuls, each for the second time (321)."ŠCodex Justin., lib. 3, tit. .12, i. 3. Evidently Constantine was still something of a heathen. As late as the year 409 two re-scripts of the emperors Honorius and Theo-dosius indicate that Christians then still gen-erally observed the Sabbath (Saturday, not Sunday). The curious may find these set out in full in Codex Justin., lib. I, tit. 9, ex. 13. Not till near the end of the ninth century was Sunday substituted by law for Saturday as the day of rest by a decree of the emperor Leo. (Leo Cons., 54.) The Saxon laws under Ine (about A. D. 700), forbade working on Sunday, but under Alfred (A. D. 900) and Athelstan (A. D. 924) the pro-hibition was merely against marketing on Sun-day, and there seems to have been no statute against working on Sunday (whatever the church may have enjoined) until the above-cited statute, 29 Charles II, chap. 7 (A. D. 1678), the first part of which is almost ver-batim our statute. (Code, sec. 3782.) This statute is the foundation of nearly all the  Sunday legislation in this country. Indeed, it appears from the records of Merton College, Oxford, that at its manor of Ibstone, in the latter part of the thirteenth century, contracts with laborers provided for cessation from work on Saturdays and holidays, but it was stipulated that work should be done in regu-lar course on Sunday. (Thorold Rogers's " Work and Wages," chap. I.) Indeed, it seems that this was usual in England till the time of the Commonwealth and the rise of the Puritans to power, but the change was not enacted into law till the above-cited statute of Charles II, in 1678. The first Sunday law in this country was enacted in Virginia in 1617 (three years be-fore the landing at Plymouth), and punished a failure to attend church on Sunday, with a fine payable in tobacco. This was reenacted in 1623. (Henning's " Statutes at Large," Va., 1619-60, Vol. I, page 123.) Plymouth Colony made it punishable by imprisonment in the stocks to go to sleep in church (Records, Vol. XI, page 214), and on June 10, 1650, the same colony made it punishable by whipping to do " any servile work or any such like abuse" on the Lord's Day. " So any sin committed with an high hand, as the gathering of sticks on the Sabbath day [Sunday], may be punished with death, when a lesser punishment might serve for gathering sticks privily and in need."Š"Records of Massachusetts Bay," Vol. II, page 93. Publicity did not then have the virtue at-tributed to it as now, but the reverse. " Divers other offenses were made capital punishments, viz., profaning the Lord's Day in a careless or scornful neglect or contempt thereof," says Hutchinson's " History of Massachusetts," Vol. I, page 390. " The New Haven Colony Rec-ords," 1653-55, page 6o5, contain a similar pro-vision that profaning the Lord's Day by " sin-ful servile work or unlawful sport, recreation, or otherwise, whether willfully or in a careless neglect, shall be duly punished by fine, im-prisonment, or corporally, according to the na-ture or measure of such sin and offense; " pro-viding further that if " the sin was proudly, presumptuously, and with a high hand com-mitted," such person " shall be put to death." On May ig, 1668, after the union of New Haven and Connecticut in one colony, unnec- essary travel or playing on Sunday, or keep-ing out of the meetinghouse, was made pun- ishable by imprisonment in the stocks, adding, " And the constables in the several plantations are hereby required to make search for all offenders against this law, and make return thereof."Š"Colonial Records of Connecticut," 1665-67, page 88. Similar laws, but of less severity, were enacted in some other prov-inces. . . We hold that our statute does not make void the contract here sued on. In the lan- 