12 (xo6z) LIBERTY Some say, " Let us make stricter Sun-day laws." But nearly every State in our Union has about as strict laws as can be passed, yet the capitalists are fa-vored, while the laboring men must work for them on Sunday or not at all. Others say, " They will make us work all the time if we. repeal our Sunday laws." Is not that just what you have to do now? If you work for them, you can work all the time. If you work for yourself, you can work only six days. In Sulphur Springs a poor young man was fined ane dollar and costs for work-ing on Sunday. Some one asked the prosecuting attorney why he did not ar-rest the railroad officials for running trains, imtead of this poor laboring man. He said, " They are too big for us."  How much better, fairer, more just, to repeal these discriminating Sunday laws ! Then if we do not want to work on Sun-day we do not have to; and if we do work, it is no one's affair but our own. The Lord says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath." Why, then, should Chris-tian men seek to influence the state to make and enforce a law compelling men to rest on the first day of the week? In doing this, they not only attempt to abridge the rights of the individual, but they place themselves in direct antago-nism to the fiat of the Almighty. They not only ignore his law, but set up a law and an institution of their own in antagonism to his, and seek to overthrow his by establishing theirs under pains and penalties. Ł -ŁŁŁŁ-Ł France's Debt to America A. J. SAXBY BOURDEAU FRANCE, perhaps, more than any other nation, has imbibed the American prin-ciples of liberty. Having helped Amer-ica to gain her independence, she, in turn, reaped many benefits from the United States, then in its infancy. " Many members of the noblest fam-ilies of France," writes one historian, " hastened to the scene of the conflict and fought with distinction at the side of Washington. Covered with glory, they returned to their native land ardent advocates of the American views of lib-erty and equality. These ideas spread widely, for they fell upon prepared ground." See Jefferson's " Memoir," by Randolph, Vol. I, page 56. The Count of Segur tells us in his memoirs that " the first shot of the can-non fired in the new hemisphere re-sounded throughout Europe with the rapidity of lightning. The courageous daring of the Americans electrified all spirits and excited a general admiration . . The American insurrection spread everywhere like a fashion. . . . I was far from being the only one whose heart throbbed at the news of the awakening  of liberty, striving to throw off the yoke of arbitrary power." See Segur's " Memoirs," Vol. I, pages 5r, 52. To further assist in the enlightening of the French nation, Benjamin Franklin, the American ambassador to France. " had the constitutions of the several States, the Declaration of Independence, and other papers relating to American affairs, published and spread throughout the country in 1783." Leading French writers even went to the trouble of wri-ting whole books on the liberty prin-ciples of the young American nation. " What good," writes Brissot, " have not done and will not do the codes of Penn-sylvania, Massachusetts, New York, pub-lished and spread everywhere? They are not to be taken completely as models ; but despotism, either through necessity or reason, will henceforth respect the rights of man so well established. En-lightened by this revolution, the govern-ments of Europe will be forced to re-form their abuses and diminish their burdens."Š De la France et des Etats-Unis, Intro. xxx, xxxi. In his letters written to Job, Adams, 