LII3ERTY SPEECHES WHICH SAVED FREEDOM OF THE PRESS TO AMERICA (Continued from page 86) the way in the past are considered no longer altogether safe guides. Tyranny and the ambition of the few have en-gulfed the world in a sea of blood. . . . Never before in the history of the world was it so necessary, so imperative, to turn to the imperial individual,Š the private citizen,Š awaken him from his lethargy, appeal to his independence of thought, and arouse him to heroic action, as now. . . . Let me commend to all lovers of lib-erty, as the better expression of my own views, the wise counsel given by Judge Story in the concluding chapter of his great work on the Constitution : " Let the American youth never forget that they possess a noble inheritance, bought by the toils and sufferings and blood of their ancestors; and capable, if wisely improved and faithfully guarded, of transmitting to their latest posterity all the substantial bless-ings of life, the peaceful enjoyment of liberty, property, religion, and independence. The structure has been erected by architects of consummate skill and fidelity, its foundations are solid, its compartments are beautiful as well as useful, its arrangements are full of wisdom and order, and its defenses are im-pregnable from without. It has been reared for immortality, if the work of man may justly aspire to such a title. It may, never-theless, perish in an hour by the folly or corruption or negligence of its own keepers ŠTHE PEOPLE. Republics are created by the virtue, public spirit, and intelligence of the citizens. They fall when the wise are banished from the public councils because they dare to be honest, and the profligate are re-warded because they flatter the people in order to betray them." Nothing truer was ever uttered by the loyal lips of an American patriot.Š Con-gressional Record, May 10, 1917, pp. 2/33-2/36. From the Speech of Hon. F. H. LaGuardia This [censorship] bill is the most im-portant measure that has come before the House during this and many previous sessions. It is a revolutionary measure. It shocks me as much as if a bill were proposed to change the color and forma-tion of that flag we so dearly love. Gen-tlemen, if you do pass this bill and if it is enacted into law, you change all that our flag ever stood and stands for, even though we do not change her colors. . . . We have the responsibility of carrying this country through this war without impairing or limiting any of her institu-tions of true liberty or losing her entity as an ideal republic. Yes; it is easy for a member to rise on this floor as he would in the course of a local campaign, cheer the Stars and Stripes, proclaim his unqualified support to the administra-tion, and obtain a ripple of applause to be parenthetically included in the Record, for home consumption. Ours is a bigger task than that, and never in the history of this country had Congress such a struggle on its hands to maintain a free form of government as intended by the framers of the Declaration and the strict mandates of the Constitution. . . . There can be no mistake about the intent and effect of this law. It is ab-solutely a limitation on the freedom of the press and speech. It is a flagrant and daring violation of the spirit of Ar-ticle I of the First Amendment to the Constitution. . . . The law admittedly makes the Presi-dent a despot, but with the comforting assurance that the despot about to be created has the present expectation to be a very lenient, benevolent despot Š the restrictions herein created to be enforced at the will of a sort of royal prerogative. The American people do not want toler-ance; they demand the continuance of their Constitutional rights. . . . " This is true liberty, when free-born men, Having to advise the public, may speak free, 