PRESIDENT LINCOLN What Prominent Men Have Said About Religious Legislation John Clark Ridpath: " Proscription has no part or lot in the modern government of the world. The stake, the gibbet, and the rack, thumbscrews, swords, and pillory have ¥ no place among the machinery of civilization. Nature is diversified. So are human faculties, beliefs, and practises. Es-sential freedom is the right to differ, and that right must be sacredly re-spected." Ñ "History of the World," Vol. 111. page 1354. Dr. Philip Schaff: " Secular power has proved a satanic gift to the church, and ecclesi astical power has proved an engine of tyranny in the hands of the state."Ñ Church and State," p. rt. John Wesley: " Let every one enjoy the full and free liberty of think ing for himself. If you cannot reason or persuade a man into the truth, never attempt to force a man into it."  WASHINGTON  Roger Williams: " The magistrate has no right to punish a breach of the Sabbath, nor any other offense that is a breach of the first table."Ñ"Memoirs of Williams," page 45. George Washington: " Every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is account-able alone to God for his religious faith, and should be protected in worshiping God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience." Ñ Reply to the Baptists in Virginia, 1789. Thomas Jefferson: " Almighty God hath created the mind free; all attempts to influence it by temporal punish-ments or burdens or by civil  incapacitations, tend only to beget habits of hypocrisy and mean-ness, and are a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our re-ligion, who, being Lord both of body and mind. yet chose not to prop-agate it by coercion on either, as was in his al-mighty power to do."ÑVirginia Act for Estab-lishing Religious Free-dom. 1785. Abraham Lincoln: " The people of these United States are the rightful masters of both congresses and courts,; not Constitution, but to overthrow pervert the Constitution.  . I there is anything which it is the duty of the whole people to never entrust to any hands but their own, that thing is the preserva-tion and perpetuity of their own liberties and institutions." Ñ "Lin-coln's Speeches." Benjamin Franklin: XV h e n religion is good, it will take care of itself ; when it is not able to take care of itself, and God does not see fit to take care of it, 'so that it has to appeal to the civil power for support, it is evidence to my mind that its cause is a bad one."Ñ Letter to Dr. Price. James Madison: " Religion is not in the purview of human government. Religion is essentially distinct from government and exempt from its cog-nizance. A connection between them is inju-rious to both."Ñ Letter to Edward Everett. United States Con-stitution: " Congress shall make no law re-specting an establish ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, o r abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press.' - Hon. Richard Bar-tholdt of Missouri: I believe in a com-plete separation of church and state, and in this belief go so far as to assert that the daily prayers in this House, as well as all Sunday laws, are un-constitutional, because they signify a mixing of church and state. These views, although Lutheran doctrine, I hold not as a Lu-theran, but as an American who reveres the Constitution. As such, too, I believe in religious freedom and religious tolerance."Ñ Printed in the Congres- sional Record of .Qec. 14, 1912, page 685. 183 PRESIDENT to overthrow the the men who insist that if 