LIBERTY 13 I spoke this summer at The Hydro ; I spoke recently at Battle Creek, with the Seventh-day Adventists introducing me, on these general reforms. I have an in-vitation to speak at Takoma Park, and at Hinsdale, Ill. When a Seventh-day Adventist came to me a little while ago and said, " I am not content that we should oppose you in the matter of the Sunday saloon," he asked me to tell him the line of my thought. I said : " The closing of the Sunday saloon is not an essential part of the Sunday question. It is a part of the closing of the Sunday saloon on the lei-sure day. Liquor and leisure never meet but for mischief. Some of the States now prohibit the sale of liquors when a man has a whole day of leisure ; when he has a whole day on his hands, many a man goes down." And so the principle is that the leisure day is the day to be especially protected against the de-mands of the saloon. On that ground I think that Seventh-day Adventists should stand with us ; on the ground that it is not distinctively and essentially a prob-lem of Sunday, but a problem of defense on the leisure day. And so I think that if that one point should be made clear, we should find that that point could be over-come. Furthermore, I think it is coming to be felt that when we agree on eleven points out of twelve, we can afford to think together. The reason advanced by Dr. Crafts why the saloon should be closed on Sun-day is not a tenable one. If it is closed for the reason that he alleges, why is not an equal effort made to close it on the Fourth of July, Washington's birthday, Christmas, or on other holidays ; for cer-tainly if the saloon should be closed on Sunday because it is a day of leisure, it should also be closed on all holidays. It might be argued that the state does pro-hibit the sale of intoxicating liquors on election day. This is true, but not be-cause it is a day of leisure. It is for the purpose of preventing voters' being in-toxicated when they cast their ballot. Let me ask, Who is responsible for Sunday's being a day of enforced leisure'  Are not those responsible who sought and made the law ? It must be evident, then, that those who are seeking for com-pulsory observance of Sunday are ac-countable for the lawless condition that prevails as the result, and not those who believe in granting the same liberties on Sunday that are permitted on other DR. W. F. CRAFTS, SUPT. INTERNATIONAL REFORM BUREAU, WASHINGTON, D. C., CHIEF ADVOCATE OF SUNDAY LAWS days of the week. We have always pro-tested consistently against legislation that makes Sunday a day of enforced idleness, and now shall we be classed with non-reformers because we will not step quickly into the breach their folly has made, and assist them to obviate the difficulty they still insist upon perpet-uating? That enforced idleness is the cause of much of the evil that prevails on Sunday will be seen from the following state-ments of prominent Sunday advocates. Dr. W. W. Everts, a prominent Baptist clergyman, in " The Sabbath, Its De-fense," says : Š It were better no Sabbath were given 