68 LIBERTY Photo by Clinedinst SENATOR WILLIAM E. BORAH Congress at all? Would anybody con-tend that a bill here introduced for the purpose of establishing a form of reli-gion, or a bill respecting the establish-ment of religion, would be a subject matter which would be within the power of. Congress to deal? And yet that is found in the same sentence with, and was introduced into the Constitution for the same purpose and with the same in-tent as, the clause with which we are dealing at this time, to wit : " Congress shall make no law . . . abridg-ing the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assem-ble, and to petition the government for a re-dress of grievances." ENTIRELY BEYOND GOVERNMENTAL CONTROL When the Constitution was submitted for ratification, two schools of thought took part in the controversy in reference to the question of amendments. One school of thought Š and I may say that it was led by Mr. Hamilton Š believed that the Constitution did not encompass,  and did not include within it, the power, for instance, to abridge the freedom of the press or to legislate concerning the press at all ; and it was not the desire or the design of Mr. Hamilton and his school of advocates that the Congress should have any power concerning the press. He announced in the controversy that it was not the intent of those who framed the Constitution that that subject matter should be within the compass or control of the national government. The other school of thought, led by Mr. Jefferson, was to the same effect, that the Constitution did not include the subject matter, and that it should not include the subject matter; but, for fear that there might be a construction put upon the Constitution which would in-clude this as one of the powers of the national government, Mr. Jefferson and his friends insisted that there should be an amendment declaratory of the propo-sition that it should not be included among the powers of the national gov-ernment. Each school agreed that under Q Harris & Ewing SENATOR JAMES A. REED 