THE TOMB OF CLEMENT XIII IN ST. PETER'S LIBERTY 25 and, strictly speaking, they are not, because they are not enacted by the spiritual, but by the temporal authority. They are passed, however, because the church obliges the state to enact them as a necessary pro-tection to its religion and what it calls its " free exercise," and holds the state to be heretical if it does not do so. If the laws are passed according to its dictation, then the civil power, being Christian, must be obeyed ; but if they are not, then the church releases all cit- izens from the obligation o f obedience to it, because it is sinful to obey an heretical power. And this is called render-ing " to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." I n France, when the papal power was suf-ficiently p r e -dominant to ex-act obedience to the laws of the church, it caused the tem-poral power to be so employed in matters re-lating to the church, that sundry laws were enacted which exhibit, in a strong light, the real spirit of the papal system of government. Domat, in defining the policy which prompted them, says it requires " that Catholic princes prohibit within their do-minions divisions touching matters of re-ligion, schisms, and the exercise of any other religion except the Catholic alone, and exclude all heretics from it, by in-flicting penalties against them as there is occasion." Again, speaking of the obliga-tion resting upon the civil magistrate, he says : " It is likewise his duty to employ Ł his authority for enforcing the observance of the laws of the church, in so far as they contain rules about manners which may regard the public order." And the same obligation is said to rest upon princes. And then, as a consequence necessarily resulting from this superiority of the church and inferiority of the state, he says that " no person has a right to revenge the encroach-ments which the ministers of the church may make on the rights of temporal princes;" thus exempting t h e pope, in admin-istering the of fairs of the papacy, from responsibility to a n y earthly power, and ex-tending or lim-iting his juris-diction only as his own discre-tion shall dic-tate. One of these ordinances was in these words: " Heresy is a crime of high treason against the Divine Maj-esty, whereof one is guilty when he aban-dons the true Catholic faith, and obstinately maintains a n error which the Universal Church hath condemned." And another : " They who will not harken to the church, which is the pillar of truth, and against which the gates of hell shall not prevail, ought to be treated as heathens and pub-licans." The following modes whereby the prog-ress of heresy was required to be hindered are particularly pointed out: Take from heretics the places where they assemble for worship; forbid them from assembling in private houses; remove their ministers into distant parts; "take care that the children 