14 LIBERTY of the infinite God. What is proposed ? Š To make an erasure in the heaven-born code, to expunge one article from the recorded will of the Eternal! Is the eternal tablet of his law to be defaced by a creature's hand? He who proposes such an act should fortify himself by reasons as holy as God, and as mighty as his power. None but consecrated hands could touch the ark of God; thrice holy should be the hands which would dare to alter the testimony which lay within the ark.Š" The Abiding Sabbath" ($5oo Dartmouth College Prize Essay), page 129. The Theocratical Theory of Government IN the last issue of LIBERTY, attention was directed to the papal theory of civil government, a union of church and state with the church in control, which makes the government subordinate to, and subject to, the authority of the church. This theory is utterly subversive of the true Protestant, and the true American, idea of civil government, the separation of church and state, and in its baldest form is gen-erally repudiated in this country, although there is a marked tendency to adopt a Protestantized form of this theory by pla-cing Christian usages upon a legal basis in the laws of the land. Protestants who oppose the papal theory for establishing the doctrines of the papacy, yet seem in-clined to accept the same principle when it may be employed to foster the teachings of their own church. We protest against any union of church and state, or of religion and the government, whether the church and the religion be papal or Protestant. And now comes a new proposal in the form of a call for a national convention for the nomination of candidates for the presidency and the vice-presidency of the United States upon a platform which is essentially theocratical in its nature. That we may be sure not to misrepresent the movement we will quote the principal part of the call : Š To the Press, to the Churches, to Every Party, and to all Patriots and Loyal Cit-izens of our Country, who believe in the fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of  man, and in the statement and decision of our Supreme Court that " this is a Chris-tian nation, and that no law should contra-vene or conflict with the divine law." You are hereby called to gather in His name, in national mass convention, in the Watch Tower at Rock Island, Ill., May 1, 1908, to choose or nominate national candidates for president and vice-president of the United States, on a platform pledging them to use God's law, commanded by him on Mount Sinai, and Jesus' golden rule, as a standard and measure of and for just laws and righteous government, etc. We are further told that it will not be necessary at this proposed convention to waste time in framing a platform, as " His platform is perfect," and the ten command-ments " written and commanded by Je-hovah, indorsed, practised, and com-manded by King Jesus," are declared to constitute the platform of the so-called " United Christian party." In order that the purposes of this party may be fully clear we will quote further from some of its representative utter-ances : Š Jehovah wants King Jesus on the throne of David, according to Luke. : 32. Why not enthrone Christ on God's plat-form by our votes and in our government now ? The kingdom of God will come when the Christian forces unite on the day of election and vote for its coming. God's church and state are one, and can never be separated by men or devils. The ballot-box is the place to separate the sheep from the goats in the kingdom of God. A declaration is also made in favor of such an amendment of the Constitution of the United States as shall be necessary to give the principles of this party " an un-deniable legal basis in the fundamental law of our land." We feel under the greater necessity of calling attention to this movement because its leaders evidently interpret the fourth commandment of the decalogue, as we do, to require the observance of the seventh day of the week, commonly called Saturday, as the Sabbath. We judge this from the following paragraph : When Sunday law-breakers grasp the fact that the seventh and not the first day 