6 LIBERTY There is, however, a respectable minority who keep the seventh day, or Saturday, in harmony with the plain reading of the law of God. The Bible, which they take as their only guide, says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," and com-mands that this day be remembered and kept holy. We repeat, there is a religious contro-versy in reference to this question. No legislature, either state or national, can make a law in favor of Sunday observance, without in this very act deciding which day is the Sabbath, and thus deciding a relig-ious controversy. But it is not the province of legislatures to decide religious questions. They did this in the Dark Ages, when her-etics were burned, and the " desolating scourge " of religious persecution left its dark trail over the world. It is that we may not return to the dark days of those medieval times that we oppose all legislation upon this question. Not only is it not within the province of any statute-making power to decide which day is the day to observe, but it is not the work of legislatures to decide how this or any other religious institution shall be observed. The state has no more right to say how a man shall keep the Sab-bath than it has to say how he shall be baptized. And every man has as much right to decide how he will keep the Sab-bath as he has to decide how he will be baptized. The question of how the Sabbath shall be observed is not a new one. 'In the days of Christ, the Pharisees of his time accused both the Author of the Sabbath and his disciples of breaking the Sabbath. Matt. 12: I-T2. The charge, of course, was not true, but they made it, and some sought to take the life of the Saviour because he refused to keep the Sabbath as they thought it should be kept. The blunder these med-dlers made in this matter should ever stand as a warning to those who are seeking to have their notions of proper Sabbath ob-servance enacted into law, and thus to com-pel all to do as they do in this matter. The proper observance of the Sabbath, we grant, is a very important matter, but it is one which each one will have to settle at the  tribunal of the universal Judge, and not one for which one man is accountable to another. The Bible contains full instruction in ref-erence to Sabbath observance. The instruc-tion given covers not only outward acts, such as manual labor on the day the Lord has blessed, but the words, and thoughts of the heart as well. Isa. 58: 13, 14. Through-out the Book we are taught that the keep-ing of the Sabbath is a spiritual act, and pertains to the heart of man. To really know whether or not a man is a Sabbath-keeper, it is necessary to know the thoughts of the heart. This, the Inquisition sought to do, and when other measures failed, in-struments of torture were brought forward, that they might wring from their victims the thoughts and intents of their souls. It is not the work of the state to attempt to en force by law the divine precepts re-garding the observance of the Sabbath. Any effort in this direction made by the state is legislating on a religious question, and an effort to unite church and state. And, as was said of an effort to continue a religious establishment in Virginia by an act for the compulsory support of teachers of the Christian religion, " distant as it may be . . . from the Inquisition, it differs from it only in degree. The one is the first step, the other is the last in the career of intoler-ance." "Iniquitous Legislation" IN the Independent of October io, we find a review of " Religious Liberty in South America," a recent book by John Lee, D. D. From this review we make the following extract : Š The three republics just mentioned [Peru, Ecuador, and Bolivia] made it, until re-cently, a high misdemeanor to exercise pub-licly any form of worship save that of the Roman Catholic Church; and had, further-more, upon their statute-books laws which invalidated all marriages not solemnized ac-cording to the decrees of the Council of Trent. The effort of Protestant mission-aries to have this iniquitous legislation abol-ished is the story here told us by Dr. Lee. And to our American ears a significant and startling story it is. The American hier- 