Evil is a Root The Saloon 108 LI BER11" How shall we commend democracy to the ac-ceptance of other peoples, if we disgrace our own by proving that it is, after all, no protec-tion to the weak, Every mob contributes to German lies about the United States what her most gifted liars cannot improve upon by the way of calumny. They can at least say that such things can-not happen in Ger-many except in times of revolution, when law is swept away! " I therefore very earnestly and sol-emnly beg that the governors of all the States, the law offi-cers of every commu-nity, and, above all, the men and women of every community in the United States, all who revere Amer-ica and wish to keep her name without stain or reproach, will co-operate Š not passively merely, but actively and watch-fully Š to make an end of this disgrace-ful evil. It cannot live where the community does not counte-nance it. " I have called upon the nation to put its great energy into this war, and it has responded Š responded with a spirit and a genius for action that has thrilled the world. I now call upon it, upon its men and women everywhere, to see to it that its laws are kept inviolate, its fame untarnished. Let us show our utter con-tempt for the things that have made this war hideous among the wars of history by showing how those who love liberty and right and jus-tice and are willing to lay down their lives for them upon foreign fields stand ready also to illustrate to all mankind their loyalty to the things at home which they wish to see estab-lished everywhere as a blessing and protection to the peoples who have never known the privi-leges of liberty and self-government. I can never accept any man as a champion of liberty either for ourselves or for the world who does not reverence and obey the laws of our own beloved land, whose laws we ourselves have made. He has adopted the standards of the enemies of his country, whom he affects to de-spise." Government stands for law and order, for the protection of the weak, and the vindication of human rights. America has stood before the world as a refuge  for the persecuted, a home for the op-pressed, the land of the free. America has been the Utopia of nations, its very name the synonym of " Liberty " and "Justice." Our Government cannot af- ford to suffer the nation and the cause of democ-racy to be discred-ited by mob law. The officers who are supposed to enforce law and order, are too often parties to these outrages, and make only a pre-tense of bringing the murderers be-fore the bar of justice. It is a well-known f act that in certain lo-calities public offi-cials have encour-aged mob violence and even actually participated in it. Of the hundred and more persons that have been lynched and killed by mobs since America en-tered the war, only a few were guilty of serious crimes, and some were en-tirely innocent of any wrong-doing whatever. These lynchers may call themselves loyal patriots and defenders of the Re-public, but theirs is a dastardly, sham patriotism. President Wilson has truly said that- these betrayers of democracy have struck " a blow at the heart of or-dered law and humane justice." To make the country safe against lynching, we must remove the root cause that inspires most of the lynching. The race riots which recently swept Philadel-phia, and nearly outrivaled the East St. Louis riots in a reign of lawlessness and death, are reported due principally to conditions which were created by the dominating influences of the saloons. Negro families coming into Philadelphia to fill a demand for war workers, were 