172 LIBERTY cape responsibility when commanded to enforce an evil law by hiding under the flimsy mantle that the Jews did when they were pleading for the death of Christ, " We have a law, and by our law he ought to die," will awaken to the terrible fact, when they are brought face to face with the King of Ł kings, that, regardless of unjust laws, there was an obligation rest-ing upon them as individuals that could not be shirked. The question may arise -in the mind of the reader, How can a person differen-tiate between what is considered good works and evil ? This is where the whole question hinges ; and when it is properly understood and regarded, no ruler need fear as to the results. The difficulty arises because men do not discriminate between a citizen's obligation to the state and his obligation to God. The Saviour made this question very clear in his reply to the Pharisees and Herodians, when they sought to entangle him in his talk concerning the relation that men should sustain to both the church and the state. He said to them, " Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." In other words, the state has to do only with those things that pertain to civil government, and not with one's duty to God. To illustrate : Earthly governments exist alone for the protection of the natural rights of men in this world, and have nothing what-ever to do with the world to come. The father of our country said, " Every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is accountable alone to God for his re-ligious faith, and should be protected in worshiping God according to the dic-tates of his own conscience."' The ob-ject of civil government is forcibly out-lined in Sharswood's " Blackstone," page 127, -note 8, as follows : " Civil liberty, .the great end of all human society and government, is that state in which each individual has the power to pursue his own happiness according to his own views of his interest and the dictates of his conscience, unrestrained, except by  equal, just, and impartial laws." The state was instituted to make men civil, not religious. The purpose. of civil government has been beautifully outlined in the following immortal words from the Declaration of Independence : " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are en-dowed by their Creator with certain un-alienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." From these words those who are vested with civil authority may plainly see that any encroachments upon the natural rights Š life, liberty, and pursuit of hap-piness Š of any citizen is in opposition both to the spirit and letter of the teach-ings of Christ and to the American idea of civil government. When a citizen menaces the peace of society by invading the natural rights of his fellow citizens, seeking to take their lives or property or to defame their characters, the state can rightfully deal with him; for these actions constitute the evil works against which a ruler should be a terror," according to God's instruction to civil rulers. When the principles of civil govern-ment are adhered to as set forth in the Bible and by the father of our country, there will be no more arrests, no more convictions, and no more penalties in-flicted by either fine or imprisonment, by those clothed with civil authority, upon any citizen for the so-called desecration of the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday. For all laws requiring the observance .of any religious institution are a " terror to good works," and are plainly forbidden by the Lord. The disregard of the Lord's Day is not a crime against the state ; and it would be asŁabsurd to require its observance by civil laws as it would be to compel the observance of the Lord's baptism or the Lord's Supper, or the recitation of the Lord's Prayer. A magistrate in Pennsylvania a few years ago chose to resign his position rather than to issue a warrant for the 