LIBERTY 9 On June 6, last, one of the great-est religious organizations in America, through its ministers assembled in New York City, adopted this resolution : Š We believe it is the church's duty to sound the alarm against the theft of popular rights, and for the restoration of free government; and we appeal to every patriotic citizen to write his sen-ator and assemblyman to support Gov-ernor Hughes at the extra session with his vote and whole influence for the passage of a direct nomination bill, ac-ceptable to Governor Hughes. We have nothing against Governor Hughes. He may be the best governor New York ever had, for aught we know to the contrary. But we do submit that the preacher in politics is clearly and de-cidedly out of place. The drafting of political platforms, be it done never so expertly, will not give to any preacher in the great day of God a sufficient ex-cuse for adopting a calling to which God did not call him, and neglecting the com-mission wherewith he was commissioned of God. " Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature ; " " teaching them to observe all* things whatsoever I have commanded you ; and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." There is power and there is authority ; but it is power for a purpose and authority for a definite work. It takes no cognizance of the politics of this world. The great confed-eracy of churches should do one of three things : Stick to and carry out the com-mission given of Christ ; abandon that and make one of its own, and claim no divine sanction or authority for it; or drop its ecclesiastical title or cognomen, and declare itself openly and specifically a political institution. No one can ride two horses going in opposite directions at the same time; but it is such a feat that the church is attempting when she essays to do politics and represent Jesus Christ at the same time. It can not be done ;  and it is not being done in any place where it is attempted. The preacher who goes into politics lays aside his gospel commission by that very act. " Be ye clean that bear the vessels of the Lord," says the inspired Word. Politics is not a clean business. " But we go into it to make it clean." It is a hopeless task, and you have no commission from on high for the undertaking. Making men's hearts clean is the business of the preacher, and in so far as that will purify politics, well and good ; but the purifi-cation of politics by political means and promoted by clerical politicians, is both a snare and a delusion, in the truest sense of those terms. Preach the Word ; es- chew politics. c. M. s. Persecution in Sunday Legislation WHEN the state begins the enactment of religious laws to help the church in her work, what point has she set beyond which she will not go? Will she be con-tent to stop with the enactment of a Sunday law ? Why should she? The salvation of souls is what the church is in the world for; but merely keeping Sun-clay in obedience to a human law (and there is no other for it) will not save a single soul. The church must induce the state to take another step. . As there is no salvation outside of Christ, the soul that is to be saved must acknowledge him. Will not the church, then, induce the state to pass a law compelling indi-viduals to acknowledge Christ? Why not? The salvation of souls is the most important thing in this world. But he who acknowledges Christ, must follow him in the ordinance of baptism. Will not the church, then, induce the state to enact a law making baptism compulsory? Why not? It is an essential ordinance, and it is the business of the church to get men saved for eternity. But there is the Lord's supper Š another essential 