Sophistries of National Reformism J. F. BLUNT FRIENDS of civil and religious liberty consistently oppose the enactment of laws that would discriminate in respect to days. They rightly declare that acts, lawful to be committed on six days of the week, cannot be prohibited by man on the seventh, without involving the question of religious privilege, and thus restricting the free choice of the individ-ual in religious worship. Ample constitutional guaranties exist in the several States and in ,the nation, whereby the natural right of every citi-zen to decide for himself in religious things, without interference by the state, is steadfastly maintained. Had these solemn pledges always been regarded, there would be no precedents, to which attention could be directed, as favoring further encroachments. But legislative bodies have not always been true to the basic law, and the courts, at times, have given truculent indorse-ment to acts that constitute an unwar-ranted invasion of the liberties of citi-zens, as in Tennessee recently. Despite these unjust rulings, eminent jurists else-where have sought effectually to pre-serve these inalienable rights from so-phistic abridgment, and it has come to be recognized quite generally that there must be no mingling of the affairs of church and state, by the civil enforce-ment of sectarian precepts. Such noble defense of the rights of citizenship, and the undeniable logic that has accompanied it, has made it difficult to invoke the civil power, as a means of coercing dissenters whom fallacious ar-guments have not constrained to adopt religious customs founded on error. So, still intent upon the aid of the state in the effort to compel the religious observ-ance of Sunday, these mistaken advo-cates of governmental coercion have been forced to adopt a policy of evasion, and far and wide the plea is heard that " there is nothing religious in Sunday closing." 116 The fact that those who resort to such subterfuges themselves ordinarily favor the religious observance of Sunday. ought to make right-thinking people ex-amine with care the truthfulness of the declaration that Sunday laws are devoid of religious significance, and that the ob-ject of those who favor such enactments is to protect the helpless employee from the exactions of individual and corporate greed, which otherwise might allow him no weekly rest day. Ulterior reasons are not difficult to find that discredit such hypocritical pretensions. There is a deliberate endeavor to con-ceal the true basis of the demand for Sunday closing in quarters where its sectarian nature would be liable to cause resentment. What the National Reform-ers, so called, desire is to use the labor party as a cat's paw with which to draw the well-roasted chestnut of Sunday ob-servance, after exasperating delay, out of the legislative furnace. " We are la-boring with all our might," said the Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts, foremost champion of Sunday laws, in Wichita, Kans., as long ago as Sept. 20, 1880, " to carry the re-ligious sabbath with our right arm and the civil sabbath with our left. Hun-dreds of thousands will receive it as a religious institution, and all the rest will receive it as a civil institution, and thus we will sweep in the whole nation." So ardently has the religious signifi-cance of Sunday keeping been pro-claimed in other days that a false stand-ard of " Christian citizenship " has been raised in the attempt to discredit pro- Ł fessed Christians who deny the sanctity of Sunday. But, well knowing that many regard Sunday as merely the first day of the week, and despairing of con-vincing them that God meant the first day of the week when he commanded the observance of the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, Mr. Crafts and his associates in error were constrained to 