True and False Theocracy No. 2 T. F. HUBBARD NOTWITHSTANDING the fact that no true theocracy can exist which is depend- ent upon human legislation and separate from direct revelation from Heaven, there are many movements among men today which are working to produce a theocracy out of purely civil govern-ments,Š such movements as the National Reform Association and the Sabbath re-form associations. Hear one of the speakers at the World's Christian Citizenship Confer-ence, at Portland, Oregon, in 1913, who represented one of three great move-ments, the Federal Council of the Churches, and who spoke thus of the purpose of that conference:Š " The principal theme of this great conference, that is meeting in this city, is the ' Kingdom of Christ.' This is the center of our program. The central statement of this conference is to make that kingdom eminent and dominant in the affairs of men; in other words, to realize that prayer which Christ taught his disciples to pray, ' Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven.' "That is the principal purpose of this magnificent conference, and every item of this magnificent program that has been provided for us relates in some way, more nearly or more remotely, to that one theme, that one purpose."Š R. M. Downey, who presided at one of the sec-tional divisions of the conference. The federated churches are aiming to establish, by civil legislation, the kingdom of Christ on earth. But theocracies are not produced by civil legislation or civil government. They exist only in the ab-sence of purely civil government. These two forms of government cannot exist at the same time, for one is ruled by God, the other by men. When men try to have a theocracy, it is anthropotheo gov-ernment, or a government controlled by men who have assumed the prerogatives of God, which has always proved Š as ITS  attested by the facts of history Š a gov-ernment of selfish, bigoted, persecuting men, rather than of an unselfish, liberal, long-suffering, loving, and merciful Heavenly Father. The churches are trying to do with Christ just what some misguided people did when Jesus was on earth two thou-sand years ago. They had read the prophecies which spoke of Christ as a prophet and a king, and they decided to make him king by civil enaRtment, or by force (these terms are synonymous when religion is involved). " Then those men. when they had seen the miracle that Jesus did, said, This is of a truth that prophet that should come into the world. When Jesus therefore perceived that they would come and take him by force, to make him a king, he departed again intu a mountain himself alone." John 6: 14, 15. We have the irrefutable testimony of Christ himself in regard to being a king. He said to Pilate, " My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews : but now is my kingdom not from hence." John 18: 36. Christ came to rule in the hearts of all who come into the new covenant relation with him. " For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel after those days, saith the Lord; I will put my laws into their mind, and write them in their hearts: and I will be to them a God, and they shall be to me a people." Heb. 8 : Io. See Jet. 31  : 31-34. Christ asks us to give him our hearts for his throne (Rev. 3: 20, 21), where he may rule as our King. " That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith " (Eph. 3:14-17), not by obeying civil law. Therefore Christ's reign among men is a spiritual reign in their hearts and lives, not a temporal reign by civil legislation. The- way they keep him on the throne is by an obedient faith. The 