4¥¥4¥44¥4¥400:004000404-00.44-044 0 0 0 ¥ 0 O 4 O ¥ 0 O O O O 0004004004040404000*********** It would be a strained and far-fetched construction to hold that violations of the Sabbath per se would affect the health of the citi-zens or constitute a nuisance.Ñ/2 Lea, Tennessee Reports, page 507. The power to pass laws for the preservation of the health and com-fort of the town is limited to such ordinances as relate to these two objects.Ñ Id. Power given to a municipality " to make regulations to secure the general health of the inhabitants, and to prevent and remove nui-sances," does not authorize Sunday ordinances.Ñ American and English Encyclopedia of Law, Vol. XXVII, page 392. LIBERTY  71 the evidence on both sides, reviewed the case, and delivered the opinion of the court. Supreme Court Verdict Mr. Chief Justice Craig delivered the opinion, which was quite lengthy. We give a few of his important statements and citations of law and his opinion, which follow : Ñ " Plaintiff in error was convicted in the criminal court of Cook County for the violation of an act to prohibit barber shops from being kept open on Sunday, and for a violation of t h e law he was fined $25. The act was passed at the last session of the leg-islature, and con-tained t w o sec-tions, as fol-lows : Ñ " Section i. Be it enacted by the people of the State of Illinois, repre-sented in the general assembly, That lawful for any person or persons to keep open any barber shop, or carry on the business of shaving, hair cutting, or ton-sorial work, on Sunday, within this State. " ' Sec. 2. Any person, by himself, agent, or employee, violating the provi-sions of Section i of this act, shall, upon conviction thereof, be fined in any sum not exceeding two hundred dollars ($2oo) for each and every offeose.' " It is contended in the argument that by the act in question that part of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution (Section I) has been violated, which reads as follows : ' Nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property without due process of law, nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protec-tion of the laws.' . . . " The common law of England, as adopted in this State as a part of our jurisprudence, does not prohibit the citi-zen from pursuing his ordinary labor on Sunday, nor is a contract entered into between two parties in this State void because executed on Sunday. . . . Un-der the law of this State as it existed prior to the passage of the act in ques-tion, each and every citizen of the State was left perfectly free to labor and transact business on Sunday or re-frain from labor or business, as he might choose, so long as he did not disturb the peace and good order of society. By the act in question an attempt has been made by the legis-lature to inaugu-rate a radical r:hange in the law as to a class of the laboring element of the State, the barbers. The stat-seen, declares that it shall be unlawful for any person or persons to keep open any barber shop, or carry on the business of shav-ing, hair cutting, or tonsorial work on Sunday. That act is plain, and its meaning is obvious. The owner of a place where is carried on the barber busi-ness is prohibited from doing any busi-ness whatever during one day in the week. He may have in his employ a dozen men, and yet during one day in seven he is deprived of their labor and also deprived of his own labor. The income derived from his place and his own labor and the labor of his employ-ees is his property, but the legislature has by the act taken that property from him. The journeyman barber who works by the day or week, or for a share of the amount he may receive from cus- it shall be un- ute, as has been 