CITY HALL AT GUTHRIE, OKLAHOMA, WHERE THE CONSTITUTIONAL CONVENTION WAS HELD 22 LIBERTY The Oklahoma Constitution Religious Toleration or Religious Liberty: Which? W. A. COLCORD AYrER all that has been said in the United States during the last century and more concerning the difference between religious toleration and religious liberty, it seems rather strange to hear people still talk-ing about granting " perfect toleration" in matters of religion. And when we con-sider that the difference between these two things was clearly pointed out by James Madison, and corrected, in the convention which framed one of the first State consti-tutions, if not the first, formulated in the United States,Š that of Virginia,Š it seems even more strange that this very mistake should be made, and the mistake not no-ticed nor corrected, by the convention of one hundred and ten men which met one year ago in a ninety days' session to frame a constitution for the latest State to seek admi-cio9 into the Union, that of Okla- Our attention having been called to this matter, and learning that a large delega-tion of prominent men from Oklahoma and Indian Territory was about to wait upon the President of the United States to pre-sent to him the proposed constitution for his approval, we addressed the following letter to the President, directing his atten-tion to this strange and defective expres-sion in this document : Š TAKOMA PARK, WASHINGTON, D. C., OCT. 25, 1907. President Theodore Roosevelt, Washington, D. C. RESPECTED SIR: Permit me to call your attention to what appears to me to be a serious defect in Section 2 of Article I of the proposed constitution f o r Oklahoma. As framed, this section reads : Š Perfect toleration of religious senti-ment shall be se-cured, and no in-habitant of the State shall ever be molested in person or property on ac-count of his or her mode of religious worship, and no re-ligious test shall be required for the exercise of civil or political rights. Polygamous or plural marriages are forever prohib-ited. The use of the word "tolera-tion " here, while doubtless an inadvertence, i t seems to me is nevertheless u n -fortunate. Relig-ious toleration is not an American doctrine, nor is it compatible with our free institutions. It is appropriate and applicable only in countries where there is an established religion. In a land where freedom in matters of religion is recog-nized as a right, such a term, it appears to me, is out of place. The distinctions between toleration and liberty were clearly pointed out in the early history of this country. When Virginia, one tne first States of the Union to 