32 LIBERTY church, and the Sunday school the place for religious instruction." Against Allowing Credits for Religion Commissioner Claxton told of various ichemes advanced throughout the coun- try to allow credit in public schools for religious instruction given outside of the public schools. He was decidedly op- posed to this system, because of its in-efficiency and lack of proper supervision. He said : Š " Such an arrangement would necessitate certain definite religious standards and grades of uniform teaching, as required of all other subjects taught in public schools, and the fix-ing of these specific standards of religious teaching would immediately bring up the ques-tion of the differences in the creeds. I cer-tainly would not want my child taught some of the things that are taught in some creeds, and every other man has the same right to object as I have on such questions. Thus to safeguard every man's rights, the public schools would be unable to fix a specific reli-gious- standard for religious teaching or grad-ing." Said Dr. Claxton, during the course of his talk to the ministers : Š " If I were an educational czar, I would issue a ukase this very afternoon, prohibiting the giving of all grades in the public schools. I would do away with the system which allows a teacher to say that Little Mary Jones put one tenth more appreciation into her reading than Sallie Smith did. It is ridiculous to grade one pupil 98.3 per cent and another 98.7 per cent on reading a piece of literature. I never let my pupils know that I thought one excelled above another. To mark a pupil too per cent because he recites a recitation perfectly, is ridiculous. It often is the case that what a child recites perfectly, it knows about 15 per cent of what it means." It is refreshing to know that the head of our educational system in the United States has no sympathy with the present movement in this country among religious societies and some so-called " moral re- formers," to require our public schools to impart religious instruction under duress of civil legislation. It is high time that a strong voice of protest be raised against such an un-American system. C. S. L, An Important Point Recognized ONE of the most important points in the decision, printed on pages 3-5 of this magazine, is the recognition of the fact that as the Adventists view the matter, they have no right under the fourth com-mandment to keep two Sabbaths. True, the words of the commandment, " Six days shalt thou labor," are not mandatory in the sense that one who recognizes and who would obey the divine injunction can never take a day off, but must regu-larly and without deviation devote six days each week to labor.. The truth is that the divine Author of the fourth com-mandment has by that precept of his law separated the seventh day from the six other days of the week, and has made it obligatory upon all men to respect that distinction. The thought may be made plain by reference to a coin. The government takes a piece of metal of a certain weight and fineness, and puts its stamp upon it, thus separating it from all other pieces of metal not having the same stamp. The difference thus established must be re-spected. To disregard it in any way is to be guilty of defacing a coin or of issu-ing, passing, or having in possession counterfeit money. Similarly, the Adventists hold, and the court admits the force of their contention, that for them uniformly and habitually to refrain from all secular pursuits on an-other day of the week, is to disregard the distinction made by the Creator him-self between the seventh day and all other days, and that this they have no right to do ; and that when the state under-takes to compel them to habitually treat another day even outwardly as they do the seventh day by refraining from labor and business upon it, this interferes with their right to keep the seventh day, for that day is not kept within the meaning of the divine law unless the distinction set up in the fourth commandment be-tween it and other days is preserved, which is not the case when two days are similarly honored by abstinence from sec- ular pursuits. C. P. B. 