162 LIBERTY ions of Daniel, heard the proclamation, and the strains of the music fell upon their ears; but they refused to join in the idolatrous worship. Complaint was made to the king: " These men, 0 king, have not regarded thee: they serve not thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up." There was no delay in dealing with those who failed to observe the royal mandate. Questions were plainly put and plainly answered, and these young men, in loyalty to the God of heaven, dared to issue to the mighty earthly monarch their ultimatum : " We will not serve thy gods, nor wor-ship the golden image which thou hast set up." Such an apparent contempt of royal authority called for the infliction of the threatened punishment, and into the mouth of the burning fiery furnace, roar-ing for its prey, the three young men, securely bound, were cast by order of King Nebuchadnezzar. But the king of Babylon had pre-sumed upon the dominion of the King of heaven. He had attempted to control that most sacred thing, the conscience of man. He had sought to compel wor-ship, idolatrous worship. He had ex-ceeded the authority conferred upon him by the Ruler of both heaven and earth. He must be unmistakably rebuked for this assumption of the right to control the conscience, and the lesson must be plainly taught, for the benefit of all fu-ture generations, that the jurisdiction of civil government does not extend to mat- ters of conscience; therefore the God of heaven interfered, and thwarted the wicked purposes of King Nebuchadnez-zar. The form of the Fourth appeared in the fiery furnace. The three faithful worshipers of God were delivered from death, and at the command of the king came forth unharmed. The king of Babylon then acknowledged an authority greater than his own. " Nebuchadnez-zar spake, and said, Blessed be the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed-nego, who hath sent his angel, and delivered his servants that trusted in him, and have changed the king's word, and yielded their bodies, that they might not serve nor worship any god, except their own God." Dan. 3 : 28. More impressive than verbal instruc-tion is the lesson taught in this experi-ence. In an unmistakable manner the God of heaven expressed his disapproval of any effort to bind the conscience. From the mouth of the burning fiery furnace he issued the mandate that men are free to worship or not to worship according to the dictates of their own conscience. Although this experience has often been violated since that memorable day in the plain of Dura without calling forth any manifest exhibition of the divine dis-pleasure, yet through all these centuries it has remained true that he who attempts to compel the conscience disregards the voice from the fiery furnace, defies the authority of God, and usurps the place of the King of kings. IV A Significant Episode INASMUCH as the separation of church and state was stigmatized by Pope Leo XIII in his encyclical letter " Libertas pra.stantissimum," June 20, 1888, as a " fatal theory " and " that fatal princi-ple ; " and inasmuch as one of the so-called errors condemned by Pope Pius  IX in the famous Syllabus of Errors, promulgated in 1864 (Prop. 55), is that " the church ought to be separated from the state and the state from the church," it may naturally be expected that the Roman Catholic hierarchy will attempt to control the affairs of the state in the 