114 LIBERTY another Sunday bill that has been intro-duced into the present session of Con-gress, and every one who appreciates his liberty will tear out the petition blank  on page 141 of this issue, sign it, and send it to one of the senators from his State who is now in Congress. Let none fail to read page 140. "The King's Orders" An Old-Time Religio-Civic Reform Argument W. A. SPICER " IT is only the enforcement of civil law." This is the plea urged by National Reformers and their allies in justifica-tion of Sunday-law enforcement. Compulsory religious observance has a bad sound. Religious persecution was supposed to be a thing of the past in enlightened lands. But religious leaders who have set out to secure the enforce-ment of Sunday observance by civil law are following the same principles that misled their predecessors of colonial days and of old-time European history. The difference is that their predeces-sors were coming out from under the in-fluence of the dark ages, while those who are now advocating enforcement of relig-ious institutions by civil-law penalties are turning back to the dark ages. The old colonials justified their perse-cution of Baptists and Quakers by the argument that it was only enforcement of civil law, and hence could not be religious persecution. Baird says of this plea :Š " Miserable excuse! But just so it is : wherever there is such a union of church and state, heresy and heretical practises are apt to become violations of the civil code, and are punishable no longer as errors in religion, but as in-fractions of the laws of the land." It is an excuse as old as the cry of the leaders of the Jewish church against Jesus: " We have a law, and by our law he ought to die." John 19: 7. In his " History of the Rise of the Huguenots of France," Henry M. Baird gives an ancient version of this argu-ment that we hear so often from religio- civic reform platforms in our own day. The author quotes from Jean Marteilhe, a Huguenot, who was condemned to the galleys at Marseilles for his religion. Pere Garcin, superior of a Roman Cath-olic mission, argues with him that it was not at all religious persecution under which he was suffering chains and slavery at the galley oars : Š " Do you know,' he asked me, what persecution is? ' " Alas, sir,' said I, my state and that of my suffering brethren has made me know it sufficiently well.' " Nonsense,' said he, there is where you are mistaken ; you take punishment for persecution, and I am going to con-vince you of it.' " How comes it,' he asked me, that you are in the galleys, and what was the ground of your sentence ? ' " I replied that, finding that I was per-secuted in my native land, I determined to leave the kingdom in order to profess my religion freely ; and that I was ar-rested on the borders and condemned for this to the galleys. " Is not that just what I told you a moment ago, that you do not know what persecution is ? I teach you, then, what it is, when I tell you that persecution for the sake of religion is when one mal-treats you in order to compel you to renounce the religion that you profess. Now religion has nothing to do with your case ; and here is the proof. The king has forbidden all his subjects to leave the kingdom without his permission. You undertook to leave ; you are punished for having violated the king's orders. This 