40 LIBERTY pulsion, is the power of the Christianity of Jesus Christ. The Author of Chris-tianity persistently refused to exercise physical power to make converts to his faith, though he recognized the right of civil government to use physical force in civil affairs. " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world. He that re-jecteth me, and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him: the word that I have they would be more in harmony with the spirit of the One whom they call Master and Lord. Enforced Sunday or Saturday observ-ance is neither American nor Christian. It is contrary to the United States Con-stitution and to the word of God. Ex-Ambassador Favors Sunday Amuse- ments Mr. Thomas J. O'Brien, formerly am-bassador to Japan and Italy, at a ban- © Underwood & Underwood, N. Y. The Immigrants' First Sight of the Statue of Liberty. Shall They Continue to Find Liberty Under Its Shadow7 spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day." John 12: 47, 48. " One man esteemeth one day above another: another esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind. He that regardeth the day, regardeth it unto the Lord; and he that regardeth not the day, to the Lord he doth not regard it." Rom. 14: 5, 6. This is the teaching of the New Testa-ment from Matthew to Revelation, and were the preachers to leave the matter of the observance of days to the individ-ual conscience, instead of putting forth persistent efforts to have the civil author-ities comppl men to observe Sunday.  quet given by the Michigan State Society in Washington, D. C., Jan. 26, 1920, " de-plored the wave of reform which is sweeping the country as tending to in-crease unrest. Mr. O'Brien laid partic-ular stress on efforts of the Pastors' Fed-eration of Washington to prohibit Sun-day amusements in the capital. He said he hoped the movement would not be-come a law, because he thought that Sunday should be a day when every one should do as he pleases."Š The Eve-ning Star. Washington (D. C.). Jan. 27, 1920. 