LIBERTY 3. In one of their official documents credit is claimed for the preparation of such a bill as the one now before the committee, and for bringing to bear " the influence of the federation wherever pos-sible in favor of the passage of the bill." 4. The advocates of the enforced ob-servance of the first day of the week de-sire to secure the action of Congress ma-king a distinction between the first day of the week and other days, being assured that the influence of such legislation will be helpful in securing and enforcing State legislation upon the same subject. 5. Those who are demanding Sunday laws for the ostensible purpose of secur-ing one day of rest in seven for the work-ing men are not satisfied with a law which provides this very thing, unless that day of rest be specified as Sunday. This is shown by the present agitation for a Sunday law in California. 6. The representatives of over thirty Protestant denominations constituting the Federal Council of the Churches of Christ in America have declared in favor of Sunday laws, and have refused to adopt a resolution disclaiming their inten-tion to do anything which would inter-fere with the convictions of those who conscientiously observe another day. 7. The exemption clause in the bill be-fore the committee is most convincing proof of the religious character of the bill. 8. Prominent Sunday-law advocates have made most unseemly statements concerning their control of Congress, and their purpose to bring to an end the career of every politician who will not grant their demands. 9. The famous Sunday Mail Report adopted in the United States Senate in 1829 sounds a timely warning against permitting the influence of extensive re-ligious combinations to control the action of Congress. 1o. If the laboring men desire to rest upon one day of the week, they should assert their right to do so: no employer can compel them to labor against their will. A Remarkable:Exemption Clause Referring to the exemption clause which was attached to the bill when re-ported by the Senate committee, the edi-tor said : " An examination of this ex-emption clause will throw much light upon the real character of this proposed legislation. The clause reads thus :Ñ " ' Provided, That persons who are members of a religious society, who ob-serve as a sabbath any other day in the week than Sunday, shall not be liable to the penalties prescribed in this act if they observe as a Sabbath one day in each seven, as herein provided.' The conditions herein prescribed should be carefully noted. In order to be exempted from the penalties of this act: Ñ " I. One must be a member of a re-ligious society which observes as a sab-bath some other day than Sunday. " 2. He must observe as a sabbath one day in each seven, ' as herein provided.' " Interpreting the bill in the light of this exemption clause, it is perfectly clear that it is religious in its character, and that its intention is to require the observ-ance of Sunday as the sabbath. The words `as herein provided' are of no force whatever unless they mean that this act provides for the observance of one day in each seven as a sabbath. This conclusion is so clear that it re-quires no argument to establish it. " Furthermore, although it is claimed in behalf of this bill that its purpose is to secure for employees that measure of rest which their physical nature demands, yet from the penalties of this act certain persons are exempted, not because they have had the benefit of the required phys-ical rest on some other day, but because ' they observe as a sabbath one day in each seven, as herein provided.' That is to say, the purpose of this act is to require the general observance of the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, as the sabbath, but the ob-servance of some other day of the week as the sabbath will be accepted as a sufficient compliance with the general 