LIBERTY 15 Ł ,1 Religious liberty has been proclaimed, and preachers of the gospel are freely permitted to proclaim the principles of Christianity. Turkey is now in advance of several countries dominated by papal principles; for in these latter countries no one is permitted to teach a religion contrary to the prevailing one. Thus Constantinople has taught Rome an im-portant lesson in religious liberty. The Possibility of a Roman Catholic President THE letter of President Roosevelt con-cerning religious liberty, printed in our last issue, has done much good in calling the attention of the people to the prin-ciples of religious liberty, through the discussion which it has stirred up. The principles of Romanism and its opposi-tion to republican government have been brought to the light again, and inciden-tally and necessarily the attitude of the true Catholic toward the Constitution and the liberties which it guarantees. There is no doubt that President Roose-velt's idea of religious liberty and the right of every man to profess what re-ligion he will, is in harmony with the national Constitution, and all that he said in reference thereto is founded upon right principles. The difficulty comes in the effort to make the principles fit a system which is more than a religion, a political organization which carries on its opera-tions upon a religious basis. Such a sys-tem builds up in every free country a government of its own, opposed to the civil government existing there, and, when occasion arises, at war with its fundamental principles. The policy of the papacy in this regard has been plainly stated by a recognized Catholic authority, the Catholic World, which declares that the pope, " as the head and mouthpiece of the Catholic Church, administers its discipline, and  issues orders to which every Catholic, under pain of sin, must yield obedience." Š Vol. VII, No. 41, page 577. The same journal, in the preceding number of the same volume, page 433, says : " The authority of the state must be braved, human affections must be dis-regarded, life must be sacrificed, when loyalty to truth and to the will of God require it." But " loyalty to truth and to the will of God " means unquestioning submission to the decrees of the " infal-lible " head of the system, and that this is in civil as well as religious matters is shown in the statement that the " au-thority of the state must be braved." That declaration means that the papacy feels itself at liberty in this country to build up a system of its own, bringing under its control both the civil and religious concerns of the people of the country, and that without the interference or chal-lenge of any human authority Š a system irresponsible to any law of the people, overriding every authority in state or nation, and compelling from all obedi-ence to the decrees of its ruler " under pain of mortal sin." The following from " Brownson's Essays," pages 282-284, expresses the pith of Rome's pretensions in this regard, and Dr. Brownson speaks with the approval of the papacy : Š She [the Catholic Church] is, under God, the supreme judge of both laws [natural law, and revealed or spiritual law], which for her are but one law; and hence she takes cognizance, in her tri-bunals, of the breaches of the natural law as well as of the revealed, and has the right to take cognizance by nations as well as of its breaches by individuals, by the prince as well as by the subject, for it is the supreme law for both. The state is, therefore, only an inferior court, bound to receive the law from the su-preme court [the church], and liable to have its decrees reversed on appeal. Thus does the papacy assume to it-self the overlordship of the entire world in all matters affecting any of the con- 