Prohibition and the Fall Elections By the Editor THE prohibition forces have had occasion for great rejoicing over the results of the fall elections. All the election returns were against the liquor traffic. In every contest in every State the temperance cause succeeded in making excellent scores. The liquor in-terests are beginning to see " the hand-writing on the wall " of modern Babylon's banqueting hall. Dagon and Bacchus are lying on their faces at the foot of their shrines. The seesawing in Ohio, which lasted several days,Š now the drys, then the wets, now the drys, then the wets claim-ing the majority,Š did not hide the fact that in the very close vote itself was a decided victory for the prohibition forces. The fact that the prohibition cause over-came more than 40,000 wet majority in the previous contest in the State; and the fact that it overcame the seesawing of the wets in Cincinnati, with honest election returns from the State; and the fact that the wets in Cincinnati could, with the press of a button, dig up Io,000 wet majority in the city to overcome a lead of 8,000 dry majority in the State, and then again by the same means un-earth 2,000 more wet votes in the same city, after all the precincts had been tabu-lated and re-ported, in or-der to over-come the final lead of dry votes in the State, are a signific a n t running com-mentary on Cincinnati politics and the system of wet rule, which-in itself spells 22 final defeat for the wets. A victory for the wets with a beggarly one thousand votes obtained in the questionable way they were, is a triumph which is destined ultimately to turn the victor's laurels to ashes. No wonder the drys are al-ready picking their flints for another shot at the enemy ! The momentum of the movement and its success elsewhere are bound to sweep Ohio into the dry column at the next election. In New Mexico the prohibitionists won with a large majority, upon a clear pres-entation of their cause. In New Jersey, local option won easily with the full force of the powerful Dem-ocratic machine of the State swung in favor of the liquor interests. The foes of the booze traffic have much to rejoice over in New Jersey. In the State  of New York the cause of temperanc e was tremen-dously ad-vanced by the Sign the Pledge enfranchise-ment of the women of the whole State. Women, as a rule, are opposed to the saloon; a nd in New York, where the saloon has Ion g been a power- zor.e( Ars--4,4,47": cr:444.oedeŁ-/evaent, /tons Af.ii.se."1::4.4roce , ch' . Are / el A no rnelkiiisre ae,te:4 04. etZ41,2,1.716 2 G Afar /Sze .4,75ehrentce. eeiel/e eirce,Ay tetr, 