106 LIBERTY Nation Needs Dreamers I was born in America. You dreamed dreams of what America was to be, and I hope you brought the dreams with you. No man that does not see visions will ever realize any high hope, or undertake any high enterprise. Just because you brought dreams with you, America is more likely to realize the _dreams such as you brought. You are enriching us if you came expecting us to be better than we are. See, my friends, what that means : it means that Americans must have a consciousness dif-ferent from the consciousness of every other nation in the world. I am not saying this with even the slightest thought of criticism of other nations.' America Must Be an Example The example of America must be a special example. The example of America must be the example not merely of peace because it will not fight, but of peace because peace is the healing and elevating influence of the world, and strife is not. There is such a thing as a man's being too proud to fight. There is such a thing as a nation's being so right that it does not need to convince others by force that it is right. That is the spirit of hope, it is the spirit of liberty, it is the spirit of justice. . . . Its great ideals made America the hope of the world. If the spirit of liberty and justice in America shall ever be made subservient to the exigencies of economic or political questions for the sake of material gain and public expediency, the American Re-public will be doomed. It is well for us to recall 'at this time the remarkable prophecy made by Thomas Jefferson con-cerning the future of this government. In his " Notes on Virginia," he says : Š The spirit of the times may alter, will alter. Our rulers will become corrupt, our people careless. A single zealot may commence per-secution, and better men be his victims. It can never be too often repeated that the time for fixing every essential right on a legal basis is while our rulers are honest and ourselves united. From the conclusion of this war we shall be going downhill. It will not then be necessary to resort every moment to the people for support. They will be forgotten, there-fore, and their rights disregarded. They will forget themselves, but in the sole faculty of making money, and will never think of uniting to effect a due respect for their rights. The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war, will remain on us long, will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall revive or expire in a con-vulsion.Š Query XVII. Most of the State governments refused to eliminate from their statute books some of the religious shackles which were placed upon them while they were col-onies under the rule of English Ł state churchism ; and these shackles have been greatly multiplied in the form of com-pulsory religious observances. Immense religious organizations are combining in this country for political purposes, and persecution of dissenting sects is a fre-quent occurrence. It is high time that we recur to the fundamental principles on which our federal government was founded, and to the object for which God preserved the New World, and for which our ancestors sought it. Constantinople a Storm Center THE tide of battle still ebbs and flows over about the same fields made red months ago by some of the best blood of Europe; but the real storm center seems to have shifted from northern France and western Austria to Constantinople and its approaches. Whatever the world may think of the sincerity of England, it is not denied that some months ago Sir Edward Grey stated  publicly that His Majesty's government sympathized with Russia in her desire to possess Constantinople. This would seem at least to commit England upon this point, in case the Allies are success-ful in the war. It seems that the Turks anticipate probable expulsion from Constantinople, for it is reported, and the report persists, Ł that the Mosque of St. Sophia has been 