THE ROGER WILLIAMS STATUE, PROVIDENCE, R. I. 20 LIBERTY Though the winter of 1635-36 was sig-nally bitter, and Roger Williams felt its keen severity, he did not perish. Making friends with the Indians, Massasoit, the Indian chief, took him to his cabin as he would a brother. Here, on soil unpolluted by oppression, he built an altar, and called the name of the place Providence; for, he said, " God has been merciful to me in my distress." Here he established a settlement,  faith, and should be protected in worshiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience." Succeeding presidents have spoken like-wise: Š Thomas Jefferson : " Almighty God hath created the mind free; all attempts to in-fluence it by temporal punishments or bur-dens, or by civil incapacitations, tend only to beget habits of hypocrisy and meanness, and are a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our religion, who, being Lord both of body and mind, yet chose not to propagate it by coercion on either, as was in his almighty power to do." James Madison : " Religion is not in the pprview of human government. Religion is essentially distinct from government and exempt from its cog-nizance. A connec-tion between them is and founded a colony, the colony of Rhode Island, one of the leading and essential features of the government of which, he provided, should be perfect freedom in mat-ters of religion. Thus to Roger Williams is justly due the honor of establishing the first civil govern-ment in modern times providing fully and effectually for the free, full, and absolute liberty of conscience. This was the germ of religious liberty in America. The recognition of the righteousness of this principle grew, until, when the time came to establish the national government, it was quite generally conceded by the fa-thers and founders of the new nation as underlying the foundation principles of civil government. Hence the Constitution of the United States declares: Š " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." George Washington, the first president of the United States, said : " Every man who conducts himself as a good citizen, is ac-countable alone to God for his religious'  injurious to both." U. S. Grant : " Leave the matter of religion to the fam-ily altar, the church, and the private school, supported entirely by private contribution. Keep the state and the church forever sep-arate." Do These Principles c4ppty Now? Do the principles which were so clearly set forth and so nobly maintained by Roger Williams nearly three centuries ago, apply to the efforts now being made to unite church and state in this country, and en-force religious observance, particularly Sunday observance, by law? And if such efforts succeed, and religion is again estab-lished here by law, will not religious op-pression follow now as then? Forgetting the noble and Christian prin-ciples of religious liberty so ably defended and wrought out at so great a cost by the worthy champions of soul liberty of the past, many to-day are teaching, as did the persecutors of old, that religious institu-tions enforced by law are essential to the stability o.f civil government, and that re-ligion itself will die out unless protected by law. Thus the emperor Diocletian thought, 