82  LIBERTY barbers for example, to secure " legisla-tion which invades the rights of the rest of the community and, at times, the rights of some of their own members." We have also championed the liberty of the indi-vidual as against the long-continued ef-forts to induce Congress to pass laws compelling citizens to conduct themselves differently on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, than on any other day of the week, maintaining that it was his privilege to do as he pleased  on that day, just as on any other day, provided that he did not interfere with the equal rights of others. In all this we feel sure that we have been carrying out the principles advocated by Judge Cul-len, and that we have been warning our readers against the very things against which Judge Cullen protests. We are gratified that a learned judge has spoken so plainly upon this subject. It sounds good to hear voices of protest in the legal profession.  W. W. P. The Conservation of Our Natural Rights K. C. RUSSELL CONSERVATION has become a very fa-miliar term in these times. Statesmen and others in prominent walks of life are strongly advocating conservation of various things. We hear of the conser-vation of our great forests, of our water-ways, of health, etc., but we hear little or nothing of the conservation of our natural rights, which are among the most precious heritages God has given to man. To many the very suggestion that in this " land of the free and the home of the brave," over which proudly float the Stars and Stripes, there is a necessity for conservation of this kind, is a great surprise; they suppose that ever since the fathers of our country ingrafted into the national Constitution the First Amendment, which says, Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," we are immune from any encroachment that will neces-sitate a conservation of any of our liber-ties. To those who entertain this op-timistic view of the situation, it will be an astonishing revelation to know that for over half a century seeds have been sown that are destined to produce the baneful harvest of a union of church and state in our country. The first organized movement which threatened our natural rights was launched in the month of July, 1863, at  Xenia, Ohio. This organization is known as the National Reform Associa-tion. The original purpose of this con-vention was a revival of true religion in the lives of men, but, as stated by one of the promoters of the movement at a Na-tional Reform banquet held in Philadel-phia, November, 1910, it is evident that it yielded to the temptation which Satan presented to Christ when he " showed unto him all the kingdoms of the world," and said, " All this power will I give thee, and the glory of them. . . . If thou therefore wilt worship me, all shall be thine." This promoter of the move-ment stated that the first convention had to do with the revival of religion in the hearts of the people, in the homes of the people ; but, as they discussed it, the movement developed for a revival of na-tional religion ; and as he continued his address, he dwelt upon the idea of a re-vival of national religion, and empha-sized that which is now the world-wide aspect of the movement. The object of this association, which has been persistently maintained ever since, is outlined in Article II of their constitution, as follows: Ñ " The object of this Society shall be to maintain existing Christian features in the American Government, to promote needed reforms in the action of the gov-ernment touching the Sabbath, the in- 