54 LIBERTY It has hitherto been the understanding in this country that no censorship can be established by law to decide in advance what may or may not be lawfully printed or puolished. Ours is a government of free speech and a free press. That is the corner stone of free government.Š Mayor Gaynor. ments expressed therein. The Post Of-fice Department acts as a carrier, con-veying the mail for the American people. It has had and should have no legal right to inquire into the religious, moral, or political character of the matter to be conveyed, much less to decide whether or not it will deliver it. The department is under obligation to receive, guard, and promptly deliver to the consignee, every package, letter, or periodical which has been properly mailed. It is not within the province of the post-office officials to determine what the political or religious influence may be upon those who receive the matter carried. Already Covered by Statute There is, however, a federal statute that denies the privilege of the mails to obscene, lewd, filthy, and immoral liter-ature, pictures, etc. These terms have been defined by the Supreme Courts as referring only to sexuality. Under this statute as thus defined, not only may all such matter be excluded from the mails, but any one mailing such matter may be prosecuted therefor in the federal courts, and if convicted, may be punished by both fine and imprisonment. But in all such cases the facts must be passed upon, not by one man, but by a jury of twelve men. The Forces Behind This Legislation To grasp the real purpose of this pro-posed legislation, it is necessary to study its history. The American Federation of Catholic Societies is the leader in this attack upon our free press. In cham-pioning such a movement the federation is systematically working to establish a definite Roman Catholic domination in  this country. Pope Leo XIII has infal-libly declared that " it is quite unlawful to demand, to defend, or to grant uncon-ditional freedom of thought, of speech, of writing, or of worship, as if these were so many rights given by nature to man." Š"The Great Encyclical Letters of Pope Leo p. 161. In pursuance of this instruction, the federation has entered upon a campaign to remove from the public arena " books, papers, writings, and prints which out-rage religious convictions of our [Cath-olic] citizens, and contain scurrilous and slanderous attacks upon faith."Š Reso-lution adopted in convention, 191o. Making It a Sectarian Issue From an editorial in the Morning Star (Roman Catholic) of Jan. 3o, 1915, we take the following paragraph relating to Mr. Fitzgerald's former bill : Š But now that a bill which will meet all re-quirements has been introduced into Congress by a gentleman brave enough to do it, we hope that the several Congressmen from this Cath-olic State, who owe their election to the suf-frages of Catholic voters, will get over their scruples about the liberty of the press. . . . The vote on this bill is of interest to every Catholic in the land; and when the roster is called, we hope that Catholics will sit up and take note of all who vote for and against the bill. It is one of the most important bills introduced into Congress for many a day, and of vital interest to Catholics. So let societies and individuals flood Congress with letters, and let them not rest till it is made sure by Congressional action. Roman Catholics are making the Fitz-gerald bill, which advocates an absolute autocratic censorship of the press, purely a Roman Catholic measure before Con-gress. This is a bold threat to Congress-men that if they fail to vote for this Freedom of speech and publication is guaranteed in the Constitution of the United States and in the constitutions of practically all the States. Unjustifiable speech or publication may be punished, but cannot be forbidden in advance.Š Harper's Weekly, Jan 21 cot 