"A Revival of National Religion" By K. C. Russell THE first organized effort to bring': about a union of church and state in this country was made in Xenia, Ohio, in July, 1863, at a convention where rep-resentatives of eleven different Protes-tant denominations met to consider how certain moral reforms might be effected in this country in and through the state. In very fact the National Reform As-sociation met to inaugurate a union between the church and the state. At a banquet held by the association in Phila-delphia, Nov. 19, 1910, this was plainly stated in so many words, in an address made by the late Dr. T. P. Stevenson, a prominent National Reformer, who acted as toastmaster on the occasion. He said that at the time of the first meeting, in 1863, there was a deep feeling on the part of many Christian people that there should be a revival of religion. The first session of the meeting referred to, he continued, had to do with the " revival of religion in the hearts of the people and in the homes of the people." As they discussed the question, the move-ment developed into one for a " revival of national religion." Had the delegates of the convention referred to been content with the worthy and noble object for which they met,Š" a revival of religion in the hearts of the people and in the homes of the peo-ple,"Š they would have been in a posi-tion which the Lord approves in the Bible, and which is in accord with the attitude of God's true people in every age. But when the enemy of all truth turned them aside from the exalted pur-pose for which they had nominally met, to seek for a " revival of national re-ligion," they were launched upon a course that has led every church which has taken that course, to repudiate the principles of the gospel, and therefore the principles of logical and genuine Protestantism. It was this evil principle that under- —I4  lies a national religion, that the Fathers of this country sought to escape when they incorporated into the Constitution the immortal words of the First Amend-ment, ﬂ Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The principles of the National Reform Association have produced their baneful fruits, for other great and influential or-ganizations have adopted the principle which seeks for a " revival of national religion," which the National Reformers were deceived into adopting in 1863. The Lord's Day Alliance and the great Federal Council of the Churches of Christ in America embrace sixteen mil-lion people and more than thirty religious denominations. One of the principal things these organizations are seeking to bring about is a national Sunday law. Their representatives, who are seeking for a " revival of national religion," are persistently beseeching State legislatures and the United States Congress for leg-islation of a religious character. It is a thing of great satisfaction, however, that, up to date, Congress has never fully yielded to their unchristion and un-American demands. But it will require the united efforts of all true Christians and all true Americans to stem the on-rushing tide of religious legislation which seeks for a " revival of national religion," and in the last analysis, such legislation will result in a condition more serious than the European conflict. THE religion of Jesus was a demo-cratic religion,Š a religion of the ruler-ship of God alone in the individual hu-man soul. And Protestantism stands for this idea, which is the obvious New Tes-tament idea,Š a commonwealth of free souls enjoying immediate fellowship with God, untrammelel by human hierarchies. 