otve).?",tve4xwmtvŁAmtiv40.40.111stlxŁAMITAMIvviMit"IY.Vnikei.M.M.TA2W1 ..M.M.0110M9).—1-**10ARMIMPI The Principles Involved By S. B. Horton Ti'ellWAil Ł ASTATE-WIDE campaign has been instituted in behalf of the adoption of an amendment to the Michigan State Constitution. The pro-posed amendment is as follows : " SECTION 16. All residents of the State of Michigan, between the ages of five years and sixteen years, shall attend the public school in their respective districts until they have grad-uated from the eighth grade; Provided, That in districts where the grades do not reach the eighth, then all persons herein described in such district shall complete the course taught therein. " SE°. 17. The legislature shall enact all necessary legislation to render Section 16 effective." This proposed amendment is to be placed upon the ballot to be voted in November next, and the effect of this amendment, if adopted, will be to pro-hibit all sectarian or religious schools for children between five and sixteen years in the State of Michigan. At the present time sectarian or pa-rochial schools are being conducted by both Protestant and Roman Catholic de-nominations. Is legislation of this char-acter fundamentally right from the view-point of the American conception of civil government, which insists that the State cannot interfere with the province of the church in its religious activities, provided those religious activities do not abridge the equal rights of the people at large, or menace the welfare of the State in its government ? In raising this question and in oppos-ing the amendment, we are not pro-posing any unfriendly pronouncement against the public school system. Not for a moment would we say aught against this American bulwark of liberty. It is the best system possible for the purpose for which it was brought into being. Our public school is a conservator against 78 possible inroads of un-American poli-cies, and has produced some of our great-est statesmen, financiers, and leaders of thought. It is an important factor in the development of American citizenry, and must needs be continued and sus-tained by general taxation. A church school system is not neces-sarily an enemy of the state; it is not necessarily a breeder of unpatriotic im-pulses, anarchism, and the like. Just as many loyal Americans in proportion come from such schools as come from the public schools. But if at any time it should be found that any schools, de-signed for instructing children of what-soever age, are teaching by precept or example anything that breeds anarchism or Bolshevism, the police power of the state is available and should be exercised to put out of business such school system. Moreover, any system of education, sec-ular or sectarian, which finds it neces-sary to do business behind closed doors and adopts a curriculum of studies which teaches policies inimical to the best in-terests of Americanism and will not bear the light of day; or instils into the minds of the young a spirit of unfriendliness to the American Government, and favors the government of some foreign poten-tate, the civil authorities should lay hands on it promptly and close it out. And if the Wayne County Civic Association knows of any such enterprises being con-ducted in Michigan or elsewhere, it should report the facts at once to the public as well as to the proper authori-ties. If the police power is not sufficient, then the legislature should provide the proper statutory laws. But the proposed amendment runs counter to the inalienable rights vouch-safed by the American Charter of Lib- 