0U (J.0T AFFORD TO I...STEN TO PICA. OLD PAL. 41loqg  2R .-,kna3{111  OL;Air--19  ( vvir  vo  .=Z:Lr7QC7g  (LV8 WILL YOU PERMIT ODOR LICENSE TO CONTINUE TO OVERRIDE OUR LAW.  MUSTIII  DIS5 OLVE THE PARTNER-SHIP. UNCLE SAM IS IN PARTNERSHIP WITH CRIME AND IS LEGALLY RESPONSIBLE FOR SIXTY-FIVE PER CENT OF ALL CRIMINAL ACTS CAUSED BY THE LIQUOR TRAFFIC UNDER HIS LICENSE f//  Ori."1  LIBERTY contingency any community should be permitted to make the decision for itself. But it has no meaning, and is only an empty phrase, where the sovereign power has declared the business illegitimate, and no subdivision of the State can exer-cise any authority without the State's consent, as no State can without the con-sent of the government. It has also been said that prohibition  it, and the more difficult it becomes to change it. In the treatment of this question by the States alone, a degree of failure need not be surprising or discouraging, and this may be expected as long as the gov-ernment recognizes liquor as a subject of commerce between the States. But such has been the growing power of public sentiment that the States, even without does not prohibit, and I have said it many times as a reason why a State law of this character should not be passed; and it is true that a law that will not be obeyed or respected should not be en-acted. But the liquor traffic does not use this argument in good faith, and its real fear is that prohibition will prohibit. It first evades the law, and then asserts its own violation as the proof of failure. But we must remember that no law en-forces itself, and until an honest effort is made to enforce it, as was not clone until recently in Tennessee, we have no means of judging its efficacy. It has also been demonstrated that prohibition will pro-hibit, and the more it prohibits, the more it is respected by the people who opposed  federal aid, have scored great successes, and with it the victory will be complete. I favor prohibition in any form that will either reduce or destroy the liquor traffic. I favor it personal-wide, town-wide, State-wide, nation-wide, and world-wide.. . . Property Rights, Wealth, Business, Per- sonal Liberty In Tennessee every community but the cities of Nashville, Chattanooga, and Memphis voluntarily voted liquor out, and the argument was always used that there would follow a depression in busi-ness; but the reverse has been true, and today there is not one of these communi-ties that would vote for a return of the saloon. . . . 