ENFORCING THE SUNDAY LAW IN TENNESSEE An actual scene in Rhea County, Tennessee. No 1 was a minister of the gospel (now deceased). His offense was allow-ing some young men who were boarding with him and attend-ing a Seventh-day Adventist school to split wood on Sunday in a shed back of the house. No. 12 is the guard armed with a gun to prevent the escape of these dangerous CO criminals. All were Seventh-day Adventists excepting Nos. 10 and 11. L I 13 E T l 7; The proper object of government is to protect all persons in the enjoyment of their religious as well as civil rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall esteem one day above another, or esteem all days alike holy.Š Senate Report on Sun-day Mails, Twentieth Congress.  It was this latter feature of the de-mand for Sunday legislation that was re-garded as especially alarming three quar-ters of a century ago; and this same feature of the demand for Sunday legis-lation, though now carefully concealed in various ways, ought still to alarm every one who prizes the Constitutional safe-guards of religious liberty bequeathed to us by the founders of this republic. It matters not whether acts defining or undertaking to define the divine lam be openly and avowedly for that purpose, or whether they are designed to furnish such a definition while professing to do something else, the effect is the same. And it is at this point that " police powers," municipal, State, and national, are gradually but surely under-mining our Constitutional guar-anties of civil and religious lib-erty. This is well illustrated in the existence and operation of the Sunday law of Tennessee. In the year 1891, R. M. King, a citizen of Tennessee, was prosecuted under the State Sunday law. Being convicted,1 he sought a transfer of the case to the federal courts by writ of habeas corpus. The case was heard, Aug. 1, 1891, by Judge Hammond of the United States District Court sitting in Memphis. The contention of Hon. Don M. Dick-inson, attorney for Mr. King, was, first, that as his client had been twice put in jeopardy for the same offense, in viola-tion of the constitution of the State ;1  and, second, that since the Tennessee Bill of Rights provides " that no human au- thority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience, and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious establishment or mode of worship," Mr. King's conviction was without " due process of law," and was therefore in violation of both the State and the federal Constitution. Judge Hammond prefaced his decision dismissing the writ by a number of re-marks pertinent to the subject now under consideration. His Honor said that from one viewpoint he would " have no diffi-culty in thinking that King had been wrongfully convicted." But he held, as other federal judges had held before him, and as others have since held, that it be- 1  The statutes of Tennessee provide a pen-alty of three dollars for Sunday work, to be recovered before a justice of the peace by any one suing for the same. The courts of the State have also held that repeated violations of the same section of the statutes may be pun-ished as a nuisance. King had been proceeded against in both of these ways. When religion is good, it will take care of itself; when it is not able to take care of itself, and God does not see fit to take care of it, so that it has to appeal to the civil power for support, it is evidence in my mind that ita cause is a bad one.Š Ben-jamin Franklin, in letter to Dr. Price 