MEETING-PLACE OF THE FIRST TURKISH PARLIAMENT Turkey's first national parliament, under the new constitution, assembled Dec. 17, 1908, in the palace of the ministry of justice (P), overlooking the sea of Marmora. It is a beautiful and spacious building, and is only a short distance from the famous church of St. Sophia, once a Christian church, now a Turkish mosque. The four minarets of St. Sophia can be seen in the background 14 LIBERTY the seventh day without interference, it is also plain that their action, when car-ried into practical effect, must lead to persecution. It is true that there has been in years past a demand for the passage of Sunday laws, but never before in the history of this country has a combination claim-ing to represent more than half the pop-ulation of the United States formally registered such a demand. From such action as this, by such a body as this, the cause of enforced Sunday observance will without doubt receive a tremendous impetus, and we may expect to see re-sults in the near future. Opening of Parliament in Turkey THE peaceful revolution which took place a few weeks ago under the auspices of the so-called Young Turks, culminated December 17 in the opening of a parlia-ment in accordance with the constitution promulgated by the sultan last July. The parliament was characterized by much solemnity, and with every evidence of  respect for the sultan, on whose appear-ance at the chamber with his six sons. the deputies and senators, some two hun-dred in number, rose and remained stan.1-ing while the chancelor, Ali Bejewad Bey, read the speech from the throne. In this speech the sultan makes known his attitude toward the new order of things as follows : " When I first pro-claimed a constitution, thirty-two years ago, there were many difficulties in the way of its execution, and I was advised to suspend it momentarily. In the interval great efforts were made toward popular education, a n d for the estab-lishment of in-stitutions of a nature calcu-lated to elevate the public en-lightenment. I am now happy to know that the people are more able to under-stand the bene-fits of a consti-tution, and I was heartily glad to restore it, notwithstand-i n g influential advice to the contrary. My will is definite and unal-terable, and henceforth the constitution will regulate the affairs of the nation. The cabinet which Kiamil Pasha has formed will fulfil our decision.Š North-western Christian Advocate. Great changes have come in Turkey since the constitution was made effective. Within the course of a few weeks the government passed from the most abso-lute despotism into one of the freest countries in the world. Newspapers have been greatly multiplied. Addresses on political subjects have been freely given. The members of the royal family have appeared in public. Travelers are no longer vexed with useless restrictions. 