ROGER WILLIAMS, FOUNDER OF RHODE ISLAND He taught that the civil magistrate had no power to enforce the duties enjoined in the second table of the decalogue, and for so teaching was banished from Massachusetts in the dead of winter. LIBERTY 157 ber only that there was persecution,Šthat Episcopal Virginia persecuted Quak-er, Presbyterian, Baptist, and Catholic; that New York persecuted Lutheran, Baptist, Quaker, and Jew; that Puritan Massachusetts banished nonconformist, punished the Baptist, which sect, as early as 1524, drew the distinction between the kingdom of nature and the kingdom of grace, and insisted that freedom of conscience and worship was fun-damental, and that re-ligion should be entirely exempt from the regu-lation or interference of the civil power, so that a man's religion should not work his civil disability. Made Men Think But Puritan Massa-chusetts, with its intol-erance, met in the grap-ple of death with reli-gious liberty under the guise of Quakerism, when her unjust laws sent four Quakers Šone a woman Š to the gallows. From the gallows the blood of those representatives of a peaceable, in-dustrious, and godly people cried aloud, until in time the Quakers won the vic-tory, and Puritan Massachusetts was obliged to give up her theocracy, in which state and church were merged, and none but communicants were privileged to ex-ercise the franchise. Martyred Quakers made men think, and the spirit of Rhode Island, which was the spirit of the ban-ished Roger Williams, long years after his death conquered the Puritan intoler-ance that had persecuted him. . . . Persecution Indefensible Persecution cannot possibly be de-fended upon Christian principles. " If I am wrong," said Robert Wedderburn, when being tried for blasphemy, " they Š the Christians Š ought to pity and pray for me and endeavor by argument  and persuasion to convince me of my error; but all attempts to force me are absurd because impossible, tyrannical be-cause unjust." And again, in the words of the Rev. Robert Taylor, " He who can be angry with another for not being a Christian is himself no Christian; or lie who can love another the less, or with-hold his confidence for the avowal of dis- sent from his opinions, only holds out a bribe to purchase insincerity. He pays to be deceived, and he is so." I rejoice that my own State of Penn-sylvania occupies so conspicuous a place among the early communities contending for the right of religious freedom; for it was under Penn's government that the second State was established, though forty years after Rhode Island. on the expressed purpose of the founder of try-ing a holy experiment on the corner stone of freedom. Ł Members of Congress and citizens of the -United States, let us set our faces against all intolerance or persecution for conscience' sake ; let us range ourselves with Roger Williams, demanding free-dom for ourselves and, with it, freedom for all others. That minister who lends himself to any movement tending to cur- 