LIBERTY  21 discover, when the religious amendment is made to the Constitution, that if they do not see fit to fall in with the majority, they must abide the consequences, or seek some more congenial clime."Ñ Dr. David Mc-Alister. This is what Rome said after Christian-ity, so-called, became the established relig-ion of that empire. Justinian, in A. n. 532, told the people that if they did not " em-brace and ,profess the Catholic faith," con-fiscation and other punishments would fol-low. As a result, " great numbers were driven from their habitations with their wives and children, stript and naked," and " many of them were inhumanly mas-sacred," says Bower. " We propose to incorporate in our na-tional Constitution the moral and religious command, ' In it (the Sabbath) thou shalt do no work,' except the works of necessity, and by external force of sheriffs we pro-pose to arrest and punish all violators of this law."Ñ Rev. M. A. Gault. " Give all men to understand that this is a Christian nation."Ñ Christian States-man. " Let those who will, remember the Sab-bath to keep it holy from motives of love and obedience; the remnant must be made to do so through fear of law. We have no option."Ñ Christian Nation. This of course would work hardship to those who did not believe in keeping the Sabbath enforced by the law; but Dr. Mc-Alister says: Ñ " It is better that a few should suffer than that the nation should lose its Sabbath." So Caiaphas, the high priest, thought concerning Christ, when he said that it was expedient " that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not." " Majorities have some rights that mi-norities are bound to respect."Ñ Rev. W. F. Crafts. The Reformers taught differently. They said: " In matters of conscience the major-ity has no power." " Give us good Sunday laws, well en-forced by men in local authority, and our churches will be full of worshipers, and our young men and women will be attracted to the divine service. A mighty combina-tion of the churches of the United States could win from Congress, the State legis- latures, and municipal councils, all legis-lation essential to this splendid result."ÑRev. S. V. Leech, D. D. This shows that this whole Sunday-law movement is a church movement, that Sun-day laws are religious, and are desired by church leaders in order that their churches may be " full of worshipers," and that the people may by this means be " attracted " to the divine service. " In the Christian decalogue the first day was made the Sabbath by divine appoint-ment. But there is a class of people who will not keep the Christian Sabbath unless they are forced to do so; but that can be easily done. We have twenty millions of men, besides women and children, in this country, who want this country to keep the Christian Sabbath. If we would say we will not sell anything to them, we will not buy anything from them, we will not work for them, or hire them to work for us, the thing could be wiped out, and all the world would keep the Christian Sabbath."Ñ Rev. Bascom Robins. In other words, they propose to boycott all who will not keep the first day of the week as the Sabbath, as foretold by Christ in Rev. 13: 16, 17, which demonstrates the whole thing to be antichristian. These are the sentiments and principles held and taught by the National Reform Association, and by many of the leaders of religious thought to-day. Jesus Christ a Sabbath.Keeper What This Means to Us W. A. SPICER CHRISTIANITY is the life of Jesus Christ in his followers. Christ, the divine Son of God, lived as the Son of man in this world to show how man ought to live, " leaving us an example, that ye should follow in his steps." I Peter 2 : 21. " He that saith he abideth in him ought himself also so to walk, even as he walked." 1 John 2: 6. Jesus was a commandment keeper, and a Sabbath-keeper. Christians ought to walk even as he walked. He now dwells with the believer by the Holy Spirit, his repre-sentative, and walks with him. And Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, and to-day, and forever." Heb. 13: 8. Therefore the person who allows Jesus to live in him and walk in him in Christ's own way, 