106 LIBERTY nance 353 of Baltimore City, while per-mitting games on Sunday, limits them to the five hours between 2 and 7 P. M. The usual hours for church services are in the forenoon and after 7 o'clock in the evening. After the first Sunday law promul-gated by Constantine, A. D. 321, there was for more than a thousand years no pre-tense that such statutes were not for the purpose of encouraging, or even in a manner compelling, attendance upon church services, or as was plainly stated in some of them, upon the mass. Then Sunday legislation was openly and avow-edly religious in character and purpose. In Maryland it is still largely so in the phraseology of the laws and of court de-cisions, yet even there we find more or less pretense that Sunday laws are civil statutes. Of course they are civil in the sense that they are enacted by the legis-lative branch of the civil government, and enforced by civil officers; but in their ancestry, purpose, and nature they are just as religious as in the days of Theodosius of Rome, or Charles II of England. Suppose that in Baltimore a baseball game should be attempted in the fore-noon. The players would doubtless be arrested ; but why I Simply because the city fathers have decided to permit such games only for the five hours beginning with 2 P. M. But what reason can be given for the choice of that part of the day ? Only the fact before mentioned, that religious services during those hours are unusual. There is no other reason ; there can be none. It is because of the facts stated that we are not profoundly impressed by the recent decision of the superior court of Baltimore City. Of course Judge Dawkins was under oath to construe the laws in harmony with the constitution of the State and the rulings of the State supreme court and the court of appeals. He could not him-self set the law aside unless he could dis-cover some new ground or reason not pre-viously passed upon by a eiiirt higher  than his own. He did the next best thing, namely, he construed the statute of the State and the decisions of the courts as liberally as possible, and thus safeguarded for the time being the right of the people, a right of which the Lord's Day Alliance.  was seeking to rob them, namely, the right to be free on Sunday, as on other days, from the exactions of those who assume to have a monopoly, not only of the day, but of the bodies and souls of men upon that day. IV IV CONGRESS acts under a Constitution of delegated and limited powers. The com-mittee look in vain to that instrument for a delegation of power authorizing this body to inquire and determine what part of time, or whether any, has been set apart by the Almighty for religious exercises. On the contrary, aq•ong the few provisions it contains, is one that prohibits a religious test, and another which declares that Congress shall pass no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. . . . It is perhaps fortunate for our country that the proposition should have been made at this early period, while the spirit of the Revolution yet exists in full vigor.Š Sunday Mail Re-port to the U. S. Senate, March 4 and 5, 1830. " American State Papers," class VII, p. 229 et seq. " CONSTITUTIONAL government is par excellence a government of law." I am not repeating the famous sentence of the Massachusetts Bill of Rights, " to the end that this may be a government of laws and not of men." There never was such a government. Constitute them as you will, governments are always govern-ments of men, and no part of any gov-ernment is better than the men to whom that part is intrusted."Š Woodrow Wil-son, in " Constitutional Government. tho 779vitogi States," p. 17. 