LIBERTY 43 cabinet, demanding Sunday legislation, and men in the national legislature are threatened with political beheadal if they do not vote for these measures ; Š yes, grown until members of Congress have confessed that while personally opposed to such legislation, the pressure has be-come so great that they are compelled to yield. This is where matters in the United States stand to-day. Through the tend-ency to follow tradition and the beaten paths of the past ; through a failure to read and understand the lessons of his-tory, and to grasp the real meaning and essence of true Protestantism, and to in-dorse and apply its principles ; through a failure to read and understand the Bible itself, and to listen to Christ and be governed by his Spirit and teachings,Šthrough all these means the Old-World idea of a union of church and state has been transplanted here, and is springing up to bear its baleful harvest of intoler-ance and persecution in this fair land, as it has done in other lands in ages gone by. When America, the land of religious liberty, repudiates the noble principles upon which it was founded, the epoch of freedom will be at an end. The tide will then set in for religious intolerance and oppression throughout the world. Would that all professed Christians, Protestants, and patriots were so true to their profession and calling, and so wide-awake, that they would see to it that re-ligion was kept out of politics, instead of doing all they can to infuse it into politics. Would that they would keep church and state separate. News Notes TN New Jersey the movement for so-caiied " civic righteousness " seems to be gaining ground. The question of en-forcing the Sunday-closing laws is being widely agitated. The governor of the State, having taken a very decided stand on this question, has threatened to re-move from office any one who does not comply with his directions in this matter.  There has also been talk of sending State troops to certain places to compel the closing of places of amusement and everything of similar character on Sun-day. Dr. Tufts, the Pacific Coast repre-sentative of the International Reform Bureau, has been campaigning the State of California recently in the interests of a Sunday law for that State. There have been considerable gains in the State of Ohio by the temperance forces. Thirty-three counties have voted against granting licenses to saloons, thus closing 871 places where liquor has been sold. The recent Sunday-law agitation in Portland, Ore., has given opportunity for friends of religious liberty to make known to a great many the principles of soul freedom and the danger of experi-menting with the liberties of the people. The advocates of compulsory Sunday observance were never more active in pushing their campaign than they are at the present time. The Federation of Sunday Rest Associations is leading out in this campaign, and has already sent in to Congress and the president peti-tions signed by two million persons. This federation is working for national legislation in favor of Sunday in numer-ous lines of industrial activity. Mr. Samuel Gompers, president of the Amer-ican Federation of Labor, declares that that organization stands unitedly for a compulsory rest day. At the present time the larger repub-lics of South America are all arranging for a powerful increase in their navies. Brazil is having three of the most power-ful types of warships constructed for her at private ship-yards in England. Ar-gentina and Chile are also laying plans for a considerable increase in their fleets. These republics are said to have formed a tacit alliance for the purpose of com-bining forces in time of need against any nation that might threaten or seem to threaten their interests. These nations, like their wealthier and more powerful neighbors, prefer to put their trust in battle-ships rather than in Hague con-ferences. 