26 LIBERTY The argument by precedent, where the appeal is to English or colonial common law, is not sufficient in such cases. Blackstone rightly places breaches of the Sunday laws among his " offenses against God and religion." (See Volume II, p. 264.) While such laws may be logical in a state having an established church, in America, where this is not the case, they are clearly out of keeping with the prin-ciples of our national Constitution. Surely an appeal to English common law in the case of a religious holy day is un-warranted. In general, we may say, however, that the Puritan idea of protecting Sunday from the desecration of its sacred hours by either work or play, still lives in much of our statutory law. The emphasis now seems to be on the play, as we see it in laws against Sunday baseball and other  forms of amusement. In some cases, art galleries, buildings, of historical in-terest, and pleasure resorts are closed on Sunday, evidently with the idea of allow-ing no competition with the Sunday serv-ices of the churches. This is the Puritan, not the American, conception, and an evident inheritance from Puritanism; something that we have not as yet outgrown. But we are sure that every loyal American will, with us, look forward in hope to a time when every law, whether State or national, which may have originated in the Puritan conception of theocratic government, may be swept from the statute books, so that our beloved country may stand forth a consistent champion of the American principle of the religious equality of all men and preference to none. L. L. C. Compulsory Sunday Rest is a Violation of Moral Principles BY W. MAYHEW HEALEY To support the assertion in our title it is only necessary to call attention to a few natural laws and axiomatic truths. Of all earthly intelligences, only hu-man beings are capable of forming their own character. They alone possess the ability to comprehend moral character and the principles that underly it. All earthly creatures, except mankind, have their characters unchangeably fixed by nature, which we call instinct. They are incapable of knowing that there is any being, standard, or character higher than their own natures. For this reason they have no moral responsibility for their conduct or the use of their time. This is true alike of the hawk, the buz-zard, and the turtledove. It is no insult to the buzzard to say that it is not re-sponsible for its disgusting habits. But it is one of the greatest insults to intelli-gent men and women to tell them that they are not responsible for their words and acts. God having given to man, as a matter of fact, the moral sense by which to dis-tinguish between right and wrong and with it the power and opportunity to choose his own course of life for good or evil, he holds him individually respon-sible for his choice and the use he makes of his time. If a man feeds his horse stolen hay, we hold the man, and not the horse, re-sponsible. A church may require its members to refrain from labor on Sunday, or any other day, and make such requirement a test of fellowship; but it may not com-pel any one to be a member. Union with the body and obedience to its tenets is a matter of individual choice. The state may control the time and acts of its citizens so far as it becomes necessary for the preservation of the state and the rights of its citizens. Obe-dience to such laws is also voluntary on the part of good citizens. 