26 LIBERTY those who do not defend their Sunday work by Bible authority may work as much as they please on that day, and those who do defend their Sunday work by Bible author-ity are indicted and fined because they work, and are threatened with further prosecu-tion for its repetition, the statement that the latter are not suffering persecution is a palpable misstatement of facts. In this particular trial the judge several times reminded the defendant that he must not make a religious argument because the court had nothing to do with the religious belief of Seventh-day Adventists. But as a matter of fact the whole thing, the pas-sage of the law, the complaint, the indict-ment, the trial, and the conviction, has to do with religion, and is based upon religion, and is religious throughout. The law was passed to protect and perpetuate a religious institution. The complaint was made against the defendant because some one felt that the defendant had violated a religious institution. That the law of the land was broken never inspired that prosecution, for it is admitted that it is broken every Sun-day in Spartanburg by hundreds of people who are never arrested for doing it; and what is true of Spartanburg is true of every city, village, and town in the United States. The indictment was drawn up because a re-ligious man had complained of the " dese-cration " of a religious institution by those who did not believe in the sacredness of that institution. The trial was granted and the conviction secured, not because of a violation of the law of the land, but because the law as it stands gives men of a certain religious belief an opportunity to compel others to act as they do in a religious mat-ter. As long as a civil law for the pro-tection of a religious institution remains on the statute-books of any State, it can not be true that the court has nothing to do with the religious belief of those who are indicted for a violation of such law. The law itself takes cognizance of their belief by compel-ling them to sacrifice one sixth of their time for holding that belief, and the judge takes cognizance of that belief when he fines a man who does not choose to make that sacrifice. The spirit that is urging on the whole Sunday-law crusade is plainly manifest wherever the enforcement of that law is attempted. It is those who seek to honor their Creator by resting upon the day set  apart by him through his own act and his own command that first feel the strength of its persecuting power. That fact demon-strates as plainly as anything need to who is the real author, the inspiring spirit, of the Sunday-law crusade. Religious Liberty in Canada EUGENE LELAND THE idea entertained by the average American with reference to Canada is that it is a desolate, frozen region, composed principally of snow-banks, icebergs, and rocks, and inhabited by polar bears and Esquimau Indians. But of late years it has gradually dawned upon him that it is a land of great possibilities in everything that goes to make up material wealth. Some of the finest agricultural areas in the world are found within the borders of the Dominion of Canada ; and mines of precious metals, almost fabulous in value, have recently been opened up. Originally Canada was composed of the provinces of Ontario and Quebec, known at that time as Upper Canada and Lower Can-ada. But in 1867 the Dominion government was organized, consisting of the two prov-inces just named, and the provinces of Nova Scotia and New Brunswick. Since that time the confederation has been joined by the provinces of Prince Edward Island, Manitoba, and British Columbia, and the newly organized provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan. This immense region com-prises all the territory north of the United States, except Alaska, and the narrow ter-ritory of Labrador on the Atlantic coast, and constitutes an area larger than the United States. It has a population at the present time of about ten million, and this number is rapidly increasing. It is a com-mon saying in Canada that the nineteenth century belonged to the United States, but the twentieth century belongs to the Do-minion of Canada. The province of Ontario is the wealthiest and most influential of all the provinces of this country, and has the largest population. Naturally, interest in a Sunday law for the entire Dominion of Canada centers in the action taken by the province of Ontario. Up to last winter there has been no Do-minion Sunday law, and any attempt to enforce the observance of Sunday was by an appeal to the provincial Sunday laws which 