30 LIBERTY day ? Š The record states that he met with the people in their places of worship, and taught. He also performed miracles of healing on the Sabbath. He healed the im-potent man. A man with a withered arm was restored. He sanctioned necessary work, such as caring for dependent animals, and like duties. In all his ways he fully demonstrated his own teaching, that the Sabbath was made for' man, and not man for the Sab-bath. The publishers of LIBERTY believe in Sabbath-keep-ing. While they op-pose laws in support of any day as the Sabbath, it should n o t be concluded that they are not Sabbath-keepers a t all, or that they hold loose principles re-garding the impor-tance of keeping the Sabbath holy; for they do regard Sab-bath-keeping as very important. They are opposed to Sabbath legislation, because they recognize that human laws are not needed in preserving the sacredness and sanctity of the Sab-bath. They do not ask for human laws to protect them in their observance of the Sabbath, neither do they desire laws enacted which will interfere with the right of every man to choose whether he will regard any day as the Sabbath. In other words, were they in the majority, they would not ask the aid of civil laws upon Sabbath observance, to secure to themselves absolute quiet and the enjoy-ment of the seventh day. Do you ask why? The principle is not correct. Jesus never would do such a thing as that. No record can be found of his seek-ing the support of civil law to enforce Sab- bath observance. And only the Author of the Sabbath has the right to enact laws re- , garding the observance of his own day. Let us not get into the seat intended for judges, but rather keep holy God's Sabbath day. Let us cease legislating for our fel-lows in religious matters, and set them, as did Christ Jesus our Lord, an example in Sabbath-keeping Š an example worthy of being followed. If we occupy the place of judges of the law, we cease to be doers. Hear what James, the brother of the Lord, says: " If thou judgest the law, thou art not a doer of the law, but a judge. One only is the law-giver and judge, even he who is able to save and to des-troy : but who art thou that judgest thy neighbor ?" James 4: II, 12. The very principle of compell-ing men by law to keep the Sabbath is in and of itself a transgression of the law. It is not an act of love. "Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. Love work-eth no ill to his neighbor : love there-fore is the fulfilment of the law." Rom. 13 : 9, to. Sunday laws do work much ill to our neighbor. Instead of going at our brother with the human law to enforce idleness Š not true Sabbath-keeping Š let us fol-low the method of Jesus, who said : " Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me; for I am meek and lowly in heart: and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light." Matt. I I : 28-30. " SECULAR power has proved a satanic gift to the church, and ecclesiastical power has proved an engine of tyranny in the hands of the state."Š Dr. Philip Schaff. r C C C C C C C C C C C ~hr Tommattiimatt C j j j j j j 5 Ermrmbrr the Sabbatli bag, to krrp it twig. Sig bags shalt ikon labor, and do all tkg tuorh; tint the srurntk bag is tkr Sabbath of thr Korb tkg Tab: in it thou shalt not du ang murk, thou, nor tkg son, nor tkg daughter, tllt man srntant, nor tku math !irrit-ant, nor tku rattle, nor tkg stranger that is within thg gates; for in .six bags the lord made kraurn and earth, tkr sea, and all that III tkrnt ts, and rested the srurntk bag; tukrrrforr the 4"1-orb blessed tkr Sabbath ban, and kalloutrb it. to see cudgel of 