56982  LIBERTY " 2. Because it makes religion a test for a certain class of citizens, in order to be exempt from the penalties of the law;.for the bill plainly states that the citizens who are exempted must be mem-bers of a religious society." " 3. Because, should the bill become law, it would necessitate that the judge of the police court of the District of Columbia should assume the position of a bishop or moderator in an ecclesiasti-cal tribunal." " 4. Because it is a species of class legislation, based upon a selfish prin-ciple." " 5. This bill compels a man to rest on Sunday whether he wishes to or not." " 6. I am opposed to this measure be-cause it would be allowing the majority to control the minority in matters of a religious character." As illustrating the practical workings of Sunday laws, the following facts were stated: Ñ " From 1885 to 1896, as the result of the enforcement of Sunday laws, over one hundred Seventh-day Adventists in the United States were prosecuted for quiet work performed on the first day of the week, resulting in fines and costs amounting to $2,269.69, and imprison-ment totaling 1,438 days, and 455 days served in chain-gangs." A Challenge Accepted By the courtesy of the opponents of the bill, time was granted to some of those present who desired to speak in favor of the measure. Mr. E. Hilton Jackson, an attorney, claimed that the Supreme Court of the United States had recognized the constitutionality of State laws relating to the observance of Sun-day, on the ground that they were a legitimate exercise of the police power of the State. He read an extract from a court decision which he claimed sus-tained his contention. In reply to his challenge calling for a decision of the federal court in favor of the position taken by those who op-posed the bill. A. T. Jones stated that inasmuch as there was no federal Sun-day law, there could be no federal de-cision upon the question, and for that reason it was impossible to produce one. He declared that Congress was prohibited from establishing religion, by the First Amendment; but at the very time when this amendment was adopted, every State, except one, already had an estab-lishment of religion. So far as the United States Constitution is concerned, it would be possible for any State to es-tablish religion by law, and to inflict the most severe punishment upon all who were regarded as heretics. An Attorney's Admissions Mr. Charles F. Diggs appeared as the attorney of one of the clerks' associa-tions of Washington, and urged the passage of the bill in the interests of his clients. He claimed that there was nothing religious in the bill, and seemed to resent the fact that it should be op-posed on religious grounds. In his re-plies, however, to some questions pro-pounded to him, he inadvertently made very clear the real nature of the bill, and his own ideas concerning compul-sory observance of Sunday. When asked, " What would you do with a man who does not observe any day?" he said, " I would make him observe the day which the law says." One member of the committee having stated that " the only object of this law is to make a man keep one day in the week, and it makes him do that by law instead of by love," Mr. Diggs acknowledged that this was the case with all Sunday laws, by saying, " That is the same thing that every stat- ute throughout the country does." Be- ing asked if the association which he represented could not protect their mem- bers, by adopting certain regulations. Mr. Diggs replied : " So far as the mem-bers of our association are concerned, I suppose our members could ; but you can bind them much better if you have an act." To this a member of the commit-tee added, " You can create an abuse much better, too," 