PARLIAMENT OF BRAZIL, RIO DE JANEIRO 20 LIBERTY light a million fires, and fill the world with the grace that saves soul after soul, and silently establishes the kingdom of Christ on the earth. Said the Hon. M. Linn Bruce, chair- man of the Inter-Church Conference on Federation : Š " Like a mighty army moves the church of God," going forward conquer-ing and to conquer, until the kingdoms of this world shall become the kingdoms of our Lord and of his Christ. The Rev. Donald Sage Mackay, at the same conference, declared that the fed-eration of the churches would mark Š a distinct step forward toward the reali-zation of that soul-stirring spectacle of a reunited church, marshaled in the unity of the Spirit, to combat and conquer the world for Christ. Said the Rev. Kerr Boyce Tupper, at the same conference : Š We may differ speculatively, but we can never differ essentially if we all sub-scribe to this one thing, the supremacy of Jesus Christ as the world's Sovereign and the world's Saviour. The Western Christian Advocate (Chicago), speaking of the conference, declared that through the carrying out of its program " the kingdom of God  will come in apace." The New York Examiner saw in that federation idea " the promotion of the kingdom of God on earth." How this fanciful dream of a kingdom of Christ on this present earth ever came into the minds of men, it is difficult even to imagine. It has been woven out of material not found in the Bible, and has no part in the expressed purpose of Je-hovah. Jesus Christ will yet sit on the throne of his kingdom in this world ; but of the kingdoms that are now in this world there will be no fragment re-maining. Says the prophet Daniel : Š " It [the kingdom of God] shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand forever." Dan. 2 : 44. Read Dan. 2 : 1-45. Christ does not erect the superstructure of his kingdom upon the crum-bling foundations of the kingdoms that now are. They are to be broken in pieces and scattered like the chaff of the summer threshing-floor ; and the only evidences that will remain to show that they ever existed will be the ransomed subjects of Christ's kingdom, plucked out of those kingdoms as brands from the burning. So will end the kingdoms of this world; and upon a world purified from sin and sin-ners by the cleansing fires of the great day of God, there will be established the kingdom of everlasting righteousness, the kingdom of our God. C. M. S. WRITING to Benjamin Kent, John Adams said : " I hope Congress will never meddle with religion further than to say their own prayers." 