B E. I? Y 91 In sonic countries it is customary kyr all traffic to cease and everybody to un-cover when a religious procession passes along the street. The police regulations require it, and the officers enforce it ; but we have no such laws here, nor can we have under the Constitution as it is. Therefore, quite aside from the question of the validity of the claims for Sunday sacredness, the District commissioners have not a shadow of right to prohibit Sunday baseball. In so far as they have done so in the past, they have usurped authority not only not conferred upon them by any act of Congress, but ac-tually forbidden to them by the First Amendment to the Federal Constitution, for surely the commissioners will not claim any power explicitly forbidden to Congress. C. P. R. !".e. National Dry Federation HEADQUARTERS have been opened at 1011 New York Life Building, Chicago, by the National Dry Federation, of which William Jennings Bryan is presi-dent, for a campaign throughout the United States to obtain as an urgent military necessity, Federal prohibition of intoxicants. The proposed ban is for the duration of the war. The campaign, which is to continue sixty days, will center on members of Congress, to whom will be sent, it is said, at least 250,000 telegrams demanding immediate inhibition of the liquor traffic. Organizations identified with the federa-tion are already active in nearly all the 2,993 counties in the United States, ac-cording to W. G. Calderwood, campaign manager. " The complexion of Congress is ' dry,' " he declared today. " The na-tional campaign undertaken by this fed-eration of civic, religious, industrial, and .5mtriotic bodies will prove to Congress that a majority of the people, recogniz-ing the vital need of saving men, money, food, and labor, see in the suspension of the liquor business a d ireet means to win the war" Had there been Federal prohibition the United States last year, the saving effected would have averted the fuel famine, conserved food enough to ration almost twice the army of the United States, and liberated almost 600,000 tons of shipping, Calderwood maintained. " More than 3,000,000,000 pounds of food in the form of grain and millions of tons of fuel were wasted last year in this country in the manufacture of liq-uor," he said. " If the men, hundreds of thousands, employed by the liquor in-terests had made munitions, and if the thousands of transportation units uti-lized in the distribution of liquor had borne military supplies, the war might have been won by the Allies months ago." More than 52,000,000 bushels of grain grown in the United States were shipped to European brewers and distillers last year, Calderwood asserted. " In the sa-loons of this country in 1917 more than $2,000,000,000 were spent," he said, " and more than $2,000,000,000 addi-tional in money were lost because of in-efficiency due to drink." Arthur Capper, governor of Kansas, is treasurer of the federation ; the Rev. Charles Scanlon, of Pittsburgh, Pa., gen-eral secretary. There are more than thirty State and national organizations in the federation, representing, it is said, 18,000,000 men and women. Among the organizations in the feder-ation are the Federated Council of Churches, United Society of Christian Endeavor, General Baptist Convention of North America, Methodist Episcopal Church, Disciples of Christ, Presbyte-rian Church, Reformed Church, Uni-versalist Church, Seventh-day Advent-ist Church, National Prohibition Com-mittee, Catholic Priests' Prohibition League, Woman's Prohibition League, National Trades Union Dry League, and the Woman's Christian Temperance Un-ions of Indiana, Pennsylvania, and Ken-tucky. Eight members of the national House of Representatives, including Miss Jean- 