LIBERTY Pius IX, in his syllabus of 1864, con-demns as an error the proposition that " the church must be separated from the state and the state from the church." Leo XIII, in his encyclical " On the Christian Constitution of States," Nov. r, 1885, indorses this declaration of Pius IX ; and in his encyclical " On Hu-man Liberty," June 20, 1888, he con-demns what he terms " the fatal theory of the right of separation between church and state." In the same encyclical Leo declares:Š " From what has been said, it follows that it is quite unlawful to demand, to defend, or to grant unconditional free-dom of thought, of speech, of writing, or of worship, as if these were so many rights given by nature to man." Pius IX, in his syllabus of Dec. 8, 1864, on " The State," declares that it has not the right of establishing a na-tional church separate from the pope, nor the right to the entire direction of public schools. Have these declarations ever been re-voked by the Roman Catholic Church ? If so, we have gained no knowledge thereof. All that we have read by Roman Catholic writers was merely an attempt either to justify these declara-tions or to take the edge off of them in order to meet attacks from those who maintain that the Romanist, if he be a loyal adherent of his church, its official teachings and principles, is in irrecon-cilable conflict with the principles set forth in the Constitution of the United States. Even Cardinal Gibbons, in his book, " The Faith of Our Fathers," makes these significant statements, the best he has to offer in vindication of his church against the charge that it is op-posed to civil and religious liberty : Š " A man enjoys religious liberty when he possesses the free right of worship-ing God according to the dictates of a right conscience, and of practising the form of religion most in accordance with his duties to God."Š 49th edition, 1897, page 261. " The church is indeed intolerant in this sense, that she must never confound truth with error; nor can she ever ad-mit that a man is conscientiously free to reject the truth when its claims are convincingly brought home to the mind. Protestants seem to be very much dis-turbed by some such argument as this : Catholics are very ready now to pro-claim freedom of conscience because they are in the minority. When they once succeed in getting the upper hand in numbers and power, they will destroy this freedom because their faith teaches them to tolerate no doctrine other than the Catholic. It is, therefore, a matter of absolute necessity for us that they should never be allowed to get this ad-vantage. " Now, in all this there is a great mis-take, which comes from not knowing the Catholic doctrine in its fulness. I shall not lay it down myself, lest it seem to have been gotten up for the occasion. I shall quote the great theologian Be-canus, who taught the doctrine of the schools of Catholic theology at the time when the struggle was strongest between Catholicity and Protestantism. He says that religious liberty may be tolerated by a ruler when it would do more harm to the state or to the community to re-press it. The ruler may even enter into a contract in order to secure to his sub-jects this freedom in religious matters, and when once a contract is made, it must be observed absolutely in every point, just as every other lawful and honest contract."Š Page 268. What else are these obviously mild-est declarations of Romanists but a con-firmation of the charge that the Roman Catholic Church does not stand for full and perfect religious liberty, as under-stood by all Americans, and defined in our federal Constitution, that every man shall be free not only to worship God according to the dictates of a " right conscience " and to practise a " relig-ion most in accordance with his duties to God," but according to his copscience 