158  LIBERTY one of mercy to punish those who are held to be in religious error,Ñ all for their good. The gospel of Jesus Christ alone pre-sents the principles and promises of full and absolute liberty. Spiritual liberty is offered " today " from the domination of sin. Liberty from all physical ills is promised through the resurrection of the dead. The true principle of all govern-ment is taught in these words, " What-soever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." A govern-ment on this principle would be one where each individual is endowed with equal rights, not only before the law, but in the making of the laws. Statesmen and philosophers, while acknowledging the above principle as ideal, have declared that a good government could not be maintained on it under the conditions that exist in the world. The majority of the people being bad, they claimed that they would make only bad laws, therefore authority should be kept from the people in general, in both church and state, and centered in the hands of a few. This has brought oppression and persecution in all the past. ages. At dif-ferent times in the history of the world attempts have been made to found gov-ernments on broader principles of liberty than were those then existing, but in the Old World they feared to adopt the true principle, and it was left to the American people to found a government on right principles of equal rights and liberties; each one being free to choose in religious matters. All religions not uncivil being allowed, each individual could, if desired, have re-ligious views differing from all others. In civil matters all men are held to be equal Ñ in rights and privileges Ñ be-fore the law, and alike entitled to " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." The experience of more than a century and a quarter of time has shown that these principles produce the greatest and best government of earth, and also proves that the humble Teacher of Gali- lee knew better than the great and wise men of earth what were the true prin-ciples of government. We have learned that bad men will vote for good laws to govern others,Ñand this is the principle that saves a re-public founded by sinful men. A mur-i'erer would not dare to risk his life where the law permitted all to kill others at pleasure. The thief and liar would not care to live in a community where all others were just like themselves, and were allowed by law to be so. All want protection to their own lives and prop-erty. Our ancestors, when oppressed, sought and prayed for a land of liberty, and found one ; but when power came into their hands, they followed, in a measure, the common path of others who hal ruled before them. They wanted liberty in religious matters for themselves, but none for the Quaker or the Baptist. The government offered civil liberty to all, and yet in it millions of people were held in slavery. Thanks to Him who has given us all the liberties we possess, we have " grown a bit " in knowledge ,and in practise, while the principles of gov-ernment remain the same. We no longer persecute the Quaker or the Baptist. We have long ago ceased to hang witches. We have abolished slavery, though it cost us five hundred thousand precious lives, and suffering that cannot be told. Let us stand by these true principles of government, and grant equal liberties to the Jew and the Gentile, to the Roman Catholic and the Protestant, to the Sun-day observer and the Sabbatarian as well as to those who observe no sabbath day. To discriminate by law on any of these matters is to turn away from the prin-ciples of our government, the same as was done in persecuting the Quakers and Baptists, in hanging witches, and holding men in slavery. What would our country be today if there had been no departure from the true principle of liberty? San Diego, Cal. 