A Few Good Religious Liberty Books " The Rise of Religious Liberty in Amer-ica." By Sanford H. Cobb. An excellent book of 552 pages setting forth the sub-ject of Religious Liberty in America in an interesting and instructive manner. Published by the Macmillan Co., New York. Price, $4.00. 44 The Sabbath in Puritan New England." By Alice Morse Earle. A work that gives many interesting facts associated with the early history of the New Eng-land States. Published by Charles Scribner's Sons, New York. 335 pages. Price, $1.25. " Virginia Presbyterianism in Colonial and Revolutionary Times." By Thomas C. Johnson. A very interesting and in-structive little work of 128 pages. re-cently issued. It covers practically the same ground .as the work entitled, " The Struggle for Religious Liberty in Vir-ginia." Published by the Presbyterian Committee of Publication, Richmond, Virginia. Prices, 25 and 5o cents.  " Church and State in the United States." By Dr. Phillip Schaff. A book in which the American idea of religious freedom and its principal effects are stated. Pub-lished by Charles Scribner's Sons, New York. Price, $1.5o. " The Progress of Religious Freedom." By Phillip Schaff, D. a, LL. D. A work of 126 pages recording the history of toleration acts from the .time of Con-stantine to the establishment of the American government. Published by Charles Scribner's Sons, New York. Price, $1.5o. " The Struggle for Religious Liberty in Virginia." A most excellent work, by Charles F. James, D. D., giving a clear insight into the causes which led to the disestablishment of religion in Virginia, and the working out of those grand principles of religious liberty which were subsequently adopted by the found-ers of the government of the United States. Published by J. P. Bell Com-pany, Lynchburg, Va. Price, $1.25. Any of the above-named books may be secured direct from the publishers of LIBERTY. Address Review and Herald Publishing Association, Takoma Park, D. C. Life and Healtl? A Monthly Magazine of Health and Temperance Life and Health is a 48-page illustrated monthly, devoted to the promotion of hy-gienic principles governing human life, con-taining contributions of timely importance from writers of national reputation who are recognized authorities on the topics treated, and strong editorials from practising physi-cians; it contains a department of Health-ful Cookery and Household Suggestions, also a Mothers' Department, in which are given helpful suggestions to mothers along practical lines; a Questions and Answers  Department, in which answers are given to correspondents upon topics in which they are especially interested. Each number contains a department of News Notes, in which the latest news concerning, reforms is given; a Current Comment Department, in which the editor gives the pith and point of his counsels and advice to his patients upon subjects of a general nature. Annual subscription, 75 cents. To foreign countries, $1.00. LIFE AND HEALTH Takoma Park Washington, D. C. 