114 LIBERTY desertions and wife beatings is due di-rectly to the inability of the men to obtain liquor," said Secretary Young. When we consider the sorrow, dis-grace, debauchery, immorality, and ruin the liquor traffic brings annually to the wives and innocent children in the homes where the husbands are devotees at the altar of Bacchus, we are forced again to ask, Whose personal liberty shall we consider Š the innocent wives' and chil-dren's right to live happily and respect-ably, or the husbands' right to drink? If it is weakness to plead for the rights of the weak and oppressed, then we plead guilty to the charge. It is from the viewpoint of personal liberty that we deal with the liquor traf-fic. We do not believe in any liberty which shields itself behind a license, thus  justifying itself in injuring others. If one life could be saved from wanton destruction by the prohibition of the liq-uor traffic, the effort would be justified. But when we consider the stupendous fact that in the United States alone more than three thousand wives and more than two thousand five hundred innocent chil-dren are murdered every year by drunken husbands and fathers, and more than thirty thousand helpless children are for-saken every year by drunken parents, and are thrown upon public charity for sup-port, we feel that the liquor traffic has no justifiable reason for its existence. The liquor traffic does not possess one elevat-ing or redeeming feature. It is a curse to society, a foe to popular government, and a menace to the personal rights of all. c. S. L. SIF Compulsory Tithe Paying and Other Religious Observances WILLIAM Q. SLOAN COMPULSION has neither part nor lot in the religious system established by our Saviour. The state has no more right to dictate to its 'citizens what they shall do with one seventh of their time than what they shall do with one tenth of their in-come. Compulsory Sabbath observance and compulsory tithe paying are on a par; grant the state the right to appropri-ate one seventh of a man's time, and you acknowledge its right to appropriate one tenth of his income. Civil govern-ment has enforced tithe paying in its citizens, and, like enforced Sunday ob-servance, the results have been disastrous. Tithe Paying Voluntary The payment and appreciation of the tithe, Moses left to the consciences of the people, without subjecting them to judicial or sac-erdotal visitations.Š Horne's " Introduction," part 3, chap. 3, sec. 6. The Mosaic law allowed of no compulsory payments for the support of religion. As God commanded his people to love him with all their hearts, so he commanded them to pay  a tithe of the land to the Levites. Num. 28:21; Lev. 27: 3o. But as the magistrate could not compel the Israelite to obey the first of these commands, so he could not compel obedience to the second. In both oases the conscience of the worshiper was the only allowed compulsion ; no legal proc-ess was appointed for the recovery of the tithes by the priests; no magistrate was em-powered to collect them; and as the Almighty forbade that any additions should be made to the Mosaic law (Deut. 4: I, 2), no law to en-force their payment could be passed afterward. Accordingly their payment throughout the Jew-ish history was voluntary.Š" Essay on the Union of Church and State," page 76, by Bap-tist Wriothesley Noel, M. A., Harper Brothers, N. Y., 1849. " Every man, accordingly as he purposeth in his heart, so let him give, not grudgingly, or of necessity, for God loveth a cheerful giver." 2 Cor. 9:7. Tithe Paying Made Compulsory About the year 794 A. D., Offa, king of Mercia, made a law by which he " gave unto the church the tithes of all his king-dom." " This law of Offa was that which first gave the church a civil right 