Ł LIBERTY 45 What She Went for; What She Got SHE went for a pint of the liquid curse, That fair, small child of my simple verse; Her mother sent her, and little thought What more those pence for her daughter bought. She got her beer Š but she got beside A thousand evils that eventide; For she saw examples of sin and shame, Results of the drink for which she came. She heard the talk at that bar of death, And breathed for a moment that tainted breath ; And the pure young mind got an un-known thought, None knew the stain that she homeward brought. She saw, she heard, and she tasted, too, The foaming draught of that hellish brew ; And the first dire love for the drink that night Was bought with the money by that fair mite. Her mother took from the childish hand The drink she fetched at her sad com-mand ; But she could not take from those bright blue eyes The scenes like clouds upon azure skies. She took the change that the maiden brought, But she could not take from her mind one thought, Or word, or memory of that hour. Where first she learned the infernal power. Years passed away, and the fair young child Was a drunken woman with passions wild ; Her mother was dying with broken heart, That she in her drunkenness first had part. For she saw too late that her pence had bought A curse for her daughter she little thought; But she might have thought, and she should have known That the house of sin was the tempter's throne. Š Wnt. Luff. Can the State Rightfully Legislate Against the Liquor Traffic? K. C. RUSSELL THE St. Louis Times, of Oct. 24, 1908, contains an editorial regarding a statement which has just been made by " His Excellency, Most Reverend Dio-mede Falconio [Roman Catholic], apos-tolic delegate to the United States," in which he opposes the prohibition move-ment. In part Mgr. Falconio says: Š " Here in America we will not obtain the desired results by enacting prohibit-ory laws. In such cases the very ones whom the law is especially directed against will find means of secretly eva-ding it. No matter what laws you may make, people without a moral education will find a way of violating them." The editor, in commenting upon the foregoing statement, said, " Nothing could be closer to the truth. Men are not to be made good by statute." Instead of the apostolic delegate's statement being close to the truth, it ap-pears to us that nothing could be fur-ther from the truth. It seems almost incredible that any one who values the blessings guaranteed to all citizens under protection of civil law could make such a statement. The argument made against prohibi-tion is that those against whom laws are made will evade them. Such reason-ing as that would argue just as strongly against every law on the statute-books, Š laws against theft, murder, and every other crime,Š for scarcely a day passes but some criminal is " secretly evading " these laws. Such a proposition must be regarded as utterly unsound and untenable by any thoughtful person who has any regard for the safety of society. Every repu- 