OLD RESIDENCE OF CHIEF JUSTICE MARSHALL, RICHMOND, VA. 8  LrBERTY stroke of the clapper without any other via-lence." The original material, with an alloy of an ounce and a half of copper to the pound, was recast by the firm of Pass & Stow, of Philadelphia. This, however, did not prove satisfactory, and the same firm made another trial. This third casting by an American firm resulted in the existing bell, which was used to notify the people that the Declara-tion of Independence had been signed. It is a striking coincidence that this bell with its prophetic inscription, " Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." should have been the one to proclaim the liberty of the American colonies, the birth of the American nation. It is another striking coincidence also that, in spite of man's devising, it was not per-mitted that the bell which was to utter that proclamation should be a product of the Old World. Its material came from thence, as did the people themselves, but a new na-tion, founded upon " a new order of things," was due in the history of this world, and ¤o its workmanship was to be of the new. In 1777, when the American forces were about to leave Philadelphia, this bell was taken down by the commissary and taken away to prevent its falling into the hands of the British, who were then about to occupy the city. Public bells were looked upon as legitimate spoils of war, as their metal could be used in casting cannon. The bell was brought back to Philadelphia and hung in its former frame in 1782, but was not placed in the steeple, that having shown signs of decay. One writer says, " For fifty years (as nearly as can be ascertained), it celebrated every national anniversary, and then it cracked. It had performed its mission, and was mute forever." The crack occurred on the morning of July 8, 1835, while the bell was being tolled in memory of Chief Justice Marshall, who had died in the city two days before, and was then being conveyed to the wharf to be sent to Virginia. Since the year 1828 it had been rung only on special occasions of rejoicing or to commemorate some event of public importance. Such an event it helped to commemorate on Feb. 22, 1832, the centennial birthday of George Washing-ton. It is now kept on exhibition in a large glass case on the ground floor of Independence Hall. Philadelphia. This, in brief, is the history of Lib-erty Bell, so closely associated with the Declaration of Inde-pendence, the Con-stitution of the United States, the liberties secured for the American peo-ple. We can not look upon the bell or think of its history without thinking at the same time of the principles of justice and equity and liberty which it helped to make known to the world, when the people of this new nation determined.  to have " a church without a pope, and a state without a king." The old bell is associated with the very foundation of the nation Ñ liberty for all men within the national jurisdiction, in matters both civil and religious. A Great Speech A portion of Patrick Henry's great speech in Independence Hall, Philadelphia, Pa., just before the signing of the Declaration of Independence, July 4, 1776. THESE words will go forth to the world 