fAMIKV.VRAMMUtlxv11.12.412.112.4.141110.1MMIMMAX1....1 .1 Ł 13,1041ŠW11412.twirstmwsktepsy Ł -weesie EDITORIAL BREVITIES Llimtstoo- !4 r.  Ł Ł Ł THIS is no time to pray, " Now I lay me down to sleep." Eternal vigilance is still the price of liberty. tV ME Of REAL manhood and womanhood, harmoniously developed under God's liberal sun, is " the no-blest fruit earth holds up to its Maker." tig 01 IV MAN is always a failure when he tries to make a show of his religious zeal and piety by com-pelling other people to be religious under du-ress of human laws. Of IV Of THERE is no respect of persons with God, and there should be no respect of religions with the state. All religions and creeds should en-joy equal protection before the law. ttf REAL, genuine moral character can be de-veloped only under testing trials and freedom of action. God did not make man an automaton, but a free moral agent to choose good or evil. The first right of man is the freedom of choice. Ł OE to THE state, by right, can punish a man only when he chooses a course that will inflict an injury upon his fellow man. God will punish him when he inflicts an injury upon himself, or chooses to follow a course that is in violation of his obligations to his Creator. tV OE OE MANY religious people are like King Saul, they wish to do something to show their reli-gious zeal. Saul rashly proclaimed a fast for an entire day when his armies were hotly pur-suing the Philistines. Fasting has a religious value, but not when strength of body is urgently needed. Jonathan, Saul's own son, knew noth-ing of his father's rash decree, and in his weariness while pursuing the Philistines through the forest, came upon a honeycomb and ate it, and his strength returned to him. When a by-stander told him of Saul's oath, Jonathan promptly repudiated it as unwise: " My father hath troubled the land." The disaster caused by Saul's command was the failure of a com-plete victory, the people being too exhausted to continue the pursuit. LIBERTY does not mean license or permit to do what we please without reference to the con-sequences involved in our actions. It means a right to do what we believe is right so long as our freedom of action does not trench upon the equal rights of others. tv of ot Policemen of Philadelphia Acting as Religious Censors THE barbers and grocers of the southeast section of the city of Phil-adelphia were arrested recently for keeping open on Sundays in violation of the Sunday blue laws, while cigar stores and candy shops were allowed to remain open without being molested. George S. Tempest, captain of police of this section of the city, issued warrants for arrest on information by plain-clothes men who were employed by a religious society to do sleuth work on Sunday. These plain-clothes men also checked up the move-ments of each policeman while on duty on Sunday. The majority of the war-rants were served by these plain-clothes men without the policemen's knowledge. It takes considerable religious acumen on the part of a police captain, and in-sight into the secrets of divine prescience, to adjudge the operation of barber shops and grocery stores as being harmful and sinful on Sundays, while at the same time the operation of candy shops and cigar stores contributes to the moral uplift of the community. It seems that in the judg-ment of the police captain it is sinful to sell a loaf of bread to the hungry on Sun-day, but an act of charity to sell a cigar to a tobacco fiend. It requires some fine theological hairsplitting on the part of a policeman to reach such conclusions in these modern times. It might have been less difficult in the days of the Pharisees. No doubt he was influenced by his plain- 93 