 *-ss* EDITORIAL I.MŁ0.1.0.1=4}4=1.0M00.  Sunday in the Post-Offices WHILE the House Post-office Appro-priation Bill was under consideration in the Committee of the Whole, Mr. Mann, of Illinois, offered an amendment pro-viding, " That hereafter post-offices shall not be opened on Sundays for the pur-pose of delivering mail to the public." In the discussion of this proviso, a report of which will be found in the Congres-sional Record of April 16, 1912, the most important principles involved in this pro-posed law received no consideration what-ever. The men who gave any attention to it, brought forward only trivial argu-ments and questions of expediency, ig-noring the vital principles involved. Mr. Fowler affirmed that " we are commanded to keep it [Sunday] sacred as a day of rest and spiritual worship." This is in direct contradiction of the fourth commandment, which expressly names " the seventh day," or Saturday, as the day of rest; but it shows that the religious observance of the day is the motive in this legislation. While there is nothing in the proviso which refers to Sunday as a religious day, or which enforces its observance as such, yet the real reason for desiring a law which would require post-offices to be closed on Sunday, is the supposedly religious character of the day. This is further indicated in the statement made by Mr. Fowler : Š I would have no objection, Mr. Chairman, to closing the mails the greater part of Sunday, and I grant that they ought to be closed for the purpose of giving the people an opportunity to at-tend Sunday-school and church, places where everybody ought to have the privi-lege of going on Sunday. "4 In other words, it was thought the closing of post-offices on Sunday would contribute to the attendance of church and Sunday-school. We have no objection against all per-sons who desire to do so, attending church and Sunday-school on Sunday, and if the Post-office Department should decide to close all offices on that day, we should make no protest against that action ; but we do make a decided protest against any legislation by Congress which rests upon a religious basis. Following a conference between sev-eral members of the House, the proviso introduced by Mr. Mann was passed, after being amended, as follows : Š Provided, That hereafter post-offices of the first and second classes shall not be opened on Sundays for the purpose of delivering mail to the general public, but this proviso shall not prevent the prompt delivery of special-delivery mail. To the chairman of the Senate Com-mittee on Post-offices and Post-roads, to which this bill was referred, the edit& of LIBERTY addressed a letter, the larger portion of which follows : Š I desire it to be clearly understood that we are not opposed to the closing of post-offices on Sundays, and that we are not urging any action requiring them to be kept open. We are perfectly will-ing to leave this whole question to the discretion of the Post-office Department. We do protest strongly, however, against the method by which it is proposed to close these offices, and for the reasons hereinafter stated: Š I. We regard such legislation as en-tirely unnecessary. The Postmaster-Gen-eral is clothed by law with sufficient power to enable him to govern the times of opening and closing post-offices by a 