LIBERTY 45 The advocates of religious instruction say that the public school should be re-quired to teach about " heaven " and " God," and " about the world beyond the grave." We shall have to differ. If it is proper to teach religion in a secular in-stitution in one form and on one point, why not in all forms and on all points? If it is proper to teach about heaven, why not about hell? If it is proper to teach about God, why not about Satan ? But what two sects hold like views upon all these points? Who would settle the controversies that would arise? The state, if it required the teaching of re-ligion in the public schools, would be compelled to stand by what it had under-taken, and would have to settle all points of disagreement. In order to do this, it would have to adopt a state ritual, and set it up as a standard. But the state could not' do this without assuming the place of God, who alone is the judge of the conscience. The conscience is God's province, which no man, nor any institu-tion created by man, has a right to in-vade. Such a state of affairs in the past led to the establishment of a legal reli-gion and an inquisitorial tribunal from which there was no appeal. It led the dissenter to the gibbet and the stake. If, in a state institution supported by all the citizens of the state, it is proper to teach religion because of the spiritual benefits derived therefrom, then it is proper to follow this spiritual benefit to its ultimate conclusions, and compel all the children that have not been baptized to be sprinkled or immersed according as the state should determine which is the proper mode; for if the state can assume the right to force parents against their protests to have their children listen to religious instruction, then why cannot it override every protest of the parents, provided the state thinks it is for the good of their children? Likewise, the children should be compelled to take the Lord's Supper in the manner the state decides. If the state can override one protest, it can do so with all objections. If our friends say these things could  not be enforced because of sectarian dif-ferences, then we reply that the state can-. not enforce the inculcation of any distinct religious belief because of sectarian dif-ferences. There is no agreement upon even the essentials of religion when one has to deal with all classes as he is com-pelled to do in matters of state. We believe that religious instruction ought to be given to all children. But where rests this responsibility? First, with the parents themselves ; and second, with the church and its auxiliaries. Not a few denominations have already set-tled this question concerning their chil-dren. They have established church and parochial schools, advanced schools, sem-inaries, and universities, and are support-ing them without state aid. Why should those denominations which neglect their youth ask the state to give the religious instruction which the church is too in-dolent or careless to impart ? With Ulysses S. Grant, we say : " Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the church, and the private school supported entirely by private con-tribution. Keep the church and the state forever separate." C. S. L. Where to Draw the Line on Police Regulations THE Alexandria (S. Dak.) Herald of Sept. 24, 1915, had the following brief editorial concerning certain proposed measures against Sunday amusements : Š If the Western Wisconsin Methodist Con-ference could have its way, there would be no automobile riding on Sunday ; there would be no Sunday papers; and even though the Sun-day newspapers continue publication, the con-ference resolution declared against reading them and advertising in them. The conference also declared against all kinds of Sunday amusements and Sunday labor. It is a well-established fact, and proven by actual experi-ence, that some things Łwhich are absolutely wrong from the standpoint of some persons, are all right and proper from another person's viewpoint. It seems to be up to each individ-ual to decide for himself what is right and what is wrong; and no matter how strongly any organization resolutes against some forms 