LIBERTY 13 new nation dared to set the example of ac-cepting in its relations to God the principle first divinely ordained of God in Judea. It left the management of temporal things to the temporal power ; but the American Constitution, in harmony with the people of the several States, withheld from the federal government the power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul ; and not from in-difference, but that the infinite Spirit of eternal truth might move in its freedom and purity and power. Happy will it be for this nation if mis-taken reformers do not succeed in reversing the purpose of the founders of the republic. The American principle of civil govern-ment is defined by Samuel T. Spear, D.D., in the following paragraph : Š Those who drew the plan of our national government built the system upon the prin-ciple that religion and civil government were to be kept entirely distinct ; and, for the most part, all the State governments are constructed upon the same theory. The general character of both is that they neither affirm nor deny any doctrine in re-spect to God, and that they command no duty as a religious duty. They deal with the temporal rights and obligations of citi-zenship, without any reference to the question whether the citizen is a religionist or not. His religious faith is no part of his citizenship, and no criterion of his rights. It confers upon him no immuni-ties and imposes no disabilities. It is a mat-ter between himself and his God, and with it the civil authority does not concern itself. He is not forbidden to be an atheist, and not commanded to be a Christian. He for-feits no rights by being the one, and gains none by being the other; and as between these two extremes of opinion, the state does not undertake to decide which is the true and which is the false opinion. Such is the great American principle in respect to the sphere of civil government. In harmony with this view is the clause in the treaty with Tripoli, written by a Congregational clergyman, and adopted by men who lived contemporaneously with those who founded this nation, which states: Š The government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion. We might add much more, but this is quite sufficient for this time at least. In  the closing paragraph of its article the Statesman says:Š We salute our antagonist with knightly courtesy and with every purpose of fair and honorable discussion. We will never know-ingly misrepresent its position or its utter-ances. If we have misunderstood its purpose, or given to our readers in these sentences any wrong view of its designs, we will make immediate and ample cor-rection. We thank the Statesman for this fair and candid statement, and invite it to con-sider some of the principles laid down in this article. w. W. P. The Railway Rate Bill and the "Sabbath" IT is not the business of Congress to legislate upon questions of religion. Re-ligious questions can not properly come before political bodies. Reason and revela-tion assert this to be true, and all experi-ence confirms it. But in spite of this tes-timony it has often happened that men have been asked to settle religious contro-versies by legislation, and the " powers that be," which are simply ordained of God, have been put in the place of God himself. The wise men who established this re-public, admonished by the experience of other nations, sought to guard against the commingling of politics and religion, by providing in the fundamental law Š the Constitution Š that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of re-ligion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Notwithstanding this, Congress has been repeatedly importuned to legis-late upon the question of Sabbath observ-ance, than which there is no more vital part of religious worship, and has so far yielded to the clamor of men who claim to be the successors of the ancient prophets, that it has decreed Sunday closing of ex-positions in a number of instances ; and finally, as a climax to these repeated ef-forts, an attempt has been recently made to secure Congressional legislation directly commanding " Sabbath " observance on the part of persons engaged in interstate com- 