LIBERTY  179 respect for their rights. The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war, will remain on us long, will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall revive or ex-pire in a convulsion."Ñ" Notes on Vir-ginia," Query XVII, by Jefferson. Before the general government drew up the national Constitution for the United States, Jefferson, Washington, Madison, Mason, Patrick Henry, and Franklin tried to disestablish the relig-ious establishments which had already secured a tenacious grip upon the colonies and caused many good citizens to be se-verely punished because they had dared to dissent from the established churches. Accordingly, Jefferson introduced a bill, entitled " An Act for Establishing Religious Freedom," into the Virginia Assembly, and it is said he took more pride in this act for establishing religious freedom than in anything else he ever wrote, except the immortal document of the Declaration of Independence. He labored incessantly from 1776 to 1786 to establish perfect liberty of conscience and to sweep away the religious re-straints and legal establishments of re-ligion in Virginia. He at last suc-ceeded. When the national Constitution was finally drawn up for the central gov-ernment in 1789, the great patriots were unanimous in their opinion that the com-mon law of the land should be impartial to all, and should throw its " mantle of protection over the Jew and the Gentile, the Christian, and Mohammedan, the Hindu, and infidel of every denomina-tion." No recognition was given to any religion, and all religions were placed on the same equality under the Constitu-tion, and the free exercise of each was equally protected. Moreover, Congress was expressly prohibited from ever es-tablishing any religion or interfering with its proper exercise. But the State legislatures, when they drew up their constitutions, carried over many of the old religious establishments from the colonies into the new State governments. Thus the State constitu-tions differed from the national Consti- tution, in that the national had com-pletely divorced the church and her re-ligious dogmas from its statutes, and the States still held to certain established church dogmas. Famous among these religious dogmas which the States incor-porated bodily into their constitutions, were the obnoxious " Sunday blue-laws " with their attendant penalties. The patriots tried hard to get the dif-ferent States to rid their statute-books of 211 religious laws, and especially the Sun-day laws; but the following extract, from the diary *of John Adams, shows how stubbornly the Puritans held on to their religious laws : " I knew they [those try-ing to unite the colonies] might as eas-ily turn the heavenly bodies out of their annual and diurnal courses as the people of Massachusetts at the present day from their meeting-house and Sunday laws." However, much was accomplished by Washington, Jefferson, and Madison in the way of severing the illicit and cor-rupting connection between the church and the state, by inducing the State leg-islatures to adopt the " Bill of Human Rights," and the theory of a complete separation of church and state. This practically made all the existing Sunday laws and other religious laws " dead let-ters " upon the statute-books of the va-rious States. But, as Jefferson said, unless all relig-ious laws that remain even " as a dead letter " are swept from the statute-books, a single partizan zealot may revive them and commence persecution, and better men be his victims. The great patriots did what they could, and the unfinished task is left to us. The Lord did not drive all the nations out of Canaan at once when he gave the land to Israel for a possession, but left some hostile na-tions, " to prove Israel by them, even as many of Israel as had not known all the wars of Canaan ; . . . to teach them war, at the least such as before knew nothing thereof." A number of the States still have re-ligious laws upon their statute-books, with their attendant penalties of confine-ment in the stocks, of being branded with 