12 LIBERTY prospers best, and is maintained in the greatest purity, where no effort is made to enforce it. In the words of Judge Welclr of the Supreme Court of the State of Ohio (23 Ohio Reports, Granger, pages 249, 25o) : Š When Christianity asks the aid of gov-ernment beyond mere impartial protection, it disowns itself. Its essential interests lie beyond the reach and range of human gov-ernments. United with government, relig-ion never rises above the merest supersti-tion ; united with religion, government never rises above the merest despotism; and all history shows us that the more widely and completely they are separated, the better it is for both. The National Reformers profess to be-lieve in the separation of church and state, but in the union of religion and the state. This is a distinction without a difference. There can be no union of religion and the state apart from a union of church and state. To attempt to make such a distinc-tion is to juggle with words and with the facts of history. In the article with which we are deal-ing, the Statesman inquires : " Are we to infer that LIBERTY does not wish that prayer [" Thy kingdom come "] answered, or that prophecy [Rev. : 15] fulfilled?" In reply we are glad to say that we are constantly praying that that prayer may be answered, and that that prophecy may be fulfilled, but we are depending upon the power of the gospel of Christ as the means of accom-plishing that result rather than upon the civil power. We do not believe that the responsibility for answering that prayer or for fulfilling that prophecy rests in any de- gree upon either state or national legis-latures. We are opposed to the movement for the federation of the churches because we firmly believe that the practical result of this union will be that the combined influence of the churches will he exerted in affairs of state, under the mistaken idea that by se-curing legislation which will enforce " the laws of Christian morality " they will thereby advance the interests of the king-dom of God. In thus confounding the two spheres, the spiritual and the temporal, we  shall have a repetition of the experiences of the early part of the fourth century, when, as Draper observes, " It was the aim of Constantine to make theology a branch of politics; it was the hope of every bishop in the empire to make politics a branch of theology." The downfall of the Roman empire and the great apostasy in the church may be directly traced to this unholy union of religion and the state. The lesson of that history ought to be sufficient to save us from going over the same road. We are accused by the Statesman of be-ing unable to understand and appreciate the American republic and the ideas of its founders and upholders. We confess that we are unable to discern in the Constitution of the United States or in the discussions of that time anything which indicates that the founders of this republic believed in or advocated a union either of church and state or of religion and the state. On the contrary, we find abundant evidence to jus-tify us in saying that they believed in neither. It is true that in the original colonies there was a union of church and state in almost every instance, and then they burned the witches, whipped the Bap-tists, and banished Roger Williams. But the founders of this republic repudiated these ideas of the Dark Ages when they es-tablished a new nation with a new order of things. They believed in the Christian religion, and because of this belief they made an entire separation between church and state, and declared, in the words of James Madison, that " religion is essen-tially distinct from human government and exempt from its cognizance. A connection between them is injurious to both. There are causes in the human breast which in-sure the perpetuity of religion without the aid of law." In order to make it clear that others besides ourselves read the history of those times in the same way, we will quote from respectable writers who have expressed themselves plainly concerning this matter. George Bancroft, in his " History of the Formation of the Constitution," says: Š Vindicating the right of individuality even in religion, and in religion above all, the 