Full Text of Proposed Compulsory Sunday-Observance Law Now Pending in the United States Senate 64th CONGRESS, zst Session S. 645 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES December 7, 1915 Mr. Works introduced the following bill, which was read twice and referred to the Committee on the District of Columbia. A BILL To provide for the closing of barber shops in the District of Columbia on Sunday Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That from and after the passage of this Act it shall be unlawful for any person to open or allow to be opened or carry on business In any barber shop or place where the business of shaving, hair cutting, shampooing, or the like shall be conducted on Sunday in the District of Colum-bia; and any person or persons who shall violate the provisions of this Act upon conviction shall pay a fine of not exceeding $20, or in default thereof be imprisoned not exceeding sixty days, and for a second offense shall be imprisoned not exceeding sixty days. Address: Hon.  United States Senate, Washington, D. C. Full Text of Proposed Compulsory Sunday-Observance Law Now Pending in the House of Representatives 64th CONGRESS 1st Session H. R. 652 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES December 6, 1915 Mr. Heating introduced the following bill, which was referred to the Committee on the District of Columbia and ordered to be printed. A BILL To provide for the closing of barber shops in the District of Columbia on Sunday Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That from and after the passage of this Act it shall be unlawful for any person to open or allow to be opened or carry on business in any barber shop or place where the business of shaving, hair cutting, shampooing, or the like shall be conducted on Sunday in the District of Colum-bia; and any person or persons who shall violate the provisions of this Act upon conviction shall pay a fine of not exceeding $20, or in default thereof be imprisoned not exceeding sixty days, and for a second offense shall be imprisoned not exceeding sixty days. Address: Hon. House of Representatives, Washington, D. C. (Over) 