- LIBERTY 161 God is the sincere expression of the soul's desire and the heart's adoration. God himself has no desire to compel that, and we doubt the possibility of his  doing so. What presumptuous folly for man to seek to do it for him ! And more -than folly, it is when he has warned us against it. c. M. s. The Deification of the State and the Secularization of the Church THE EDITOR THE deification of the state and the secularization of the church have been the cause of all the persecution which has afflicted this world. " My country first and always, right or wrong," has been the slogan of the past. The state was exalted to the place of God. To re-sist the requirements of the state was held to be opposition to the ordinances of God. " The state can do no wrong," said they. Whatever it does for the maintenance of law and order is of ne-cessity right. When once a law was put upon the statute books of the state, it was tantamount to treason for an ordinary citizen to question its propriety. In the case of a religious law enforced by the state, the individual who opposed it was condemned under two charges, one of insubordination against the state and the other of heresy against the established religion. The Roman government in the days of the early Christians deified the state, Caesar representing the state and all the gods of Rome. No new religion was allowed to gain a foothold in the Roman Empire without Caesar's permis-sion. All religions were subject to Cae-sar, who was the very embodiment of all authority. He demanded worship among the recognized gods of Rome, and any citizen who did not acknowledge him as one of the gods and worthy of wor-ship was guilty of the greatest crime that could be committed against the state and the recognized religion of Rome. Caesar practically said to the .Chris-tians that they might worship Christ as God, provided they also worshiped Caesar as a god. This proposal was contrary to  the tenets of the Christian religion, and consequently believers were brought into open conflict with Caesar. Caesar an-swered the Christians who refused to recognize him as a god worthy of wor-ship, that the dignity of the Roman law must be upheld, and that the Christians must choose one of two things, either submission or death. Thus the Romans under the specious argument of duty to uphold the dignity of the law of the state, put to death more than five millions of the best Christians this world ever saw. Too frequently the cry is raised, " The law must be enforced, right or wrong! The law must be enforced! " It is by such sophistry as this, without consider-ing the nature of the law and the proper limitations that must ever exist in the exercise of legitimate power, that the most cruel and despotic acts of persecu-tion have always been justified. Under such a theory as this the Pharaoh of Egypt bound unbearable burdens upon the backs of the Israelites, the Babylo-nians threw the three Hebrew worthies into the fiery furnace, and the Medes and Persians cast Daniel into the den of lions. Deceived by such sophistry, the Jews decided that they were fully justi-fied in crucifying Christ. " We have a law, and by our law he ought to die," they said. Under this evil principle the bloody edicts of Nero and Caligula, of Domitian and Diocletian, were executed. Under it the professed Christian church of the days of medievalism enacted her tenets of faith and dogma into civil law, and then enforced the law upon all dis- 