J. W. WESTPHAL, PRESIDENT OF INCA UNION MISSION, LIMA, PERU, TOGETHER WITH MEMBERS OF HIS COMMITTEE AND SOME MEMBERS OF THEIR FAMILIES LIBERTY 187 " The church which tolerates, encourages, and practices persecution, under the pretense of concern for the purity of faith, and zeal for God's glory, is not the church of Christ; and . . . no man can be of such a church without endangering his sal-vation."Š Adam Clarke, Comments on Luke 14: 23. of our friends who had gathered rushed upon the enemy and drove them back. They re-treated, yelling that they would return at night to finish us. " The priests withdrew, telling the Indians to be sure to finish us. But as soon as it became dark, an Indian Łsister who had been baptized a few days before, came bringing our horses. She had followed them for six miles, running in the strength that the Lord gave her, as she herself said. We quickly saddled our horses, mounted, and under cover of a fierce storm escaped." The following article, which we trans late from El Siglo, a political paper pub-lished in Pufio, Peru, by Roman Catho-lics, is a striking comment on this barbar-ous assault, and shows that some of the Roman Catholics appreciate the efforts that are being made by the Protestant missionaries to educate the downtrodden descendants of the once proud Incas. After giving a detailed account of the  assault as already related in Mr. Stahl's letter, the article says : Š " Such are the barbarous acts which, to the shame of the province of Chucuito and of the republic, have been committed by those who call themselves representatives of Jesus Christ, the apostle and martyr of the human race. There is doubtless no one, however strong a Roman Catholic he may be, who will not lament and condemn these brutal assaults which have been committed after the celebration of a mass in which the justice of the peace, the lieutenant gov-ernor, and other notables implored the Almighty to help them to rob, kill, and burn the 'devils' in human form; and this down here in the twentieth century and in broad daylight! Now we should like to know what sentiments, what ideals, what passions, what motives, or what command-ments they have fulfilled in this assault. . . . " The Indians cannot have even a presentiment that their religious sentiments Š if such gross fanaticism in which the clergy has kept them during all these cen- turies can be called reli-gion Š may suffer harm or receive benefit by the work of a pair of inoffensive gringos, who, out of the kindness of their hearts, teach them to read, cure their ailments, provide them remedies gratis, prohibit the vicious fandan-gos in their feasts, as well as the use of alcohol, coca, etc. . . . " Such acts do not reflect the passions of the people, because, as susceptible as they are of becoming exasperated when their pride is wounded, they are not capable of assuming intemperate and criminal attitudes in defense of or against questions whose importance the majority do not understand, and the others who do understand already have clear ideas in regard to the benefits that are reported from " Our Constitution recognizes no other power than that of persuasion, for enforc-ing religious observances. Let the professors of Christianity recommend their religion by deeds of benevolence, by Christian meekness, by lives of temperance and holiness." Š U. S. Senate Report on Sunday Mails, Jan. tg, 1829. 