LIBERTY 95 manly the affirmative of God's rule." But this does not mean God's rule of the state through some man or men, but his rule of individuals direct, by the power of his Word and Spirit upon the hearts and consciences of men. What was gained for liberty of conscience when Geneva refused the rule of Cardinal Sadolet and accepted that of Calvin? Let the ashes of Michael Servetus an-swer. One thing, and one thing only, was gained ; namely, that Calvin taught in theory what he denied in practice. Cal-vin insisted very strongly upon the di-rect individual moral responsibility of every soul to God. If Calvin had been loyal to this sound principle, he never could have been a persecutor. Other men followed the logic of Calvin's doc-trine, and claimed for themselves and for others that freedom of thought, of speech, and of action that in practice Calvin denied. We deny in toto that any man ever had, or that any set of men have today, any divine warrant for assuming to ex-ercise civil authority in the name of Christ; that is, in his stead. What dif-ference in principle was there between Protestant persecution under Elizabeth, and Catholic persecution under Mary ? And what difference did it make to the Lollards of England whether they were hunted like wild beasts by papists or by Episcopalians? And what did it signify to the Baptists that in Germany, Eng-land, Scotland, Massachusetts, and Vir-ginia, they were persecuted by Protes-tants instead of by Catholics? LIBERTY opposes the evil principle of papacy rather than the Papacy. The only commission given by Christ to his church was to preach the gospel. And not only so, but he distinctly forbade his followers to attempt to exercise over one another any such authority as was ex- ercised by the Gentiles; he said, " Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and they that be great exercise authority upon them. But it shall not be so among you." Matt. 20: 25, 26. Christ taught the direct accountability of every man to God. The theocracy of Israel was directly and distinctly abol- ished, to be no more until he came whose right it is. See Eze. 21 : 25-27. Some of the people wanted to take Christ by force and make him a king on the occa-sion of his first advent, but he withdrew himself from them. See John 6: 15. The time had not come for him to take the throne of his father David; nor has it yet come. Touching this matter our Lord himself said : Š " When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory." Matt. 25 : 31. Then, and not until then, does he ap-pear as " Lord of lords and King of kings." Rev. 19 : 16. Any theocracy that could possibly be established now would only be man- made. All moral standards erected un- der such a theocracy could be only false standards. Any divine law, so called, that might be made the supreme rule in such a government, could be only a human interpretation of the real law of God, for that law is spiritual and can be discerned only spiritually. No merely human government has any right to un- dertake to administer the law of God ; only the divine Being himself can do that. All man can do is to enforce the laws of justice and equality between men, and this is all God has given them any authority to do. To hold and to teach this is not infidelity, but Christianity ; while to believe and to teach as does Mr. Hughes is to deny Christ, and to exalt man in his stead. c. P. B. 