LIBERTY A Sliding Standard of Morals The absolute inconsistency of such legislation with any recognized standard of morals, and the utter absurdity of its basis of distinguishing between criminal and non-criminal acts, are apparent on the surface. A variety of articles, some necessary and some unnecessary, are permitted to be sold during the whole day. The grocer's wagon may rumble along the streets from June i to October 1, conveying articles of food until the clock strikes ten, and at the stroke of ten during the summer and at any time of day from October i to June 1, this same act becomes criminal ; while one who drives a wagon at any time of the day during any part of the year, laden with furniture, clothing, or other legitimate articles of merchandise aside from food, according to this law, is committing a crime for which he may be arrested and fined or imprisoned. It is thus evident that it is the day, or the time of the day, when the act is performed, rather than the act itself, which determines the ques-tion of criminality. This is a kind of fast-and-loose morality which depends upon the whims of legislators, and which tends to confuse all legitimate distinc-tions between right and wrong. And the situation is further complicated by the fact that one person is subject to arrest as a criminal for doing work on a particular day which his next-door neigh-bor may perform on the same day with impunity, provided he has already ob-served another day " as a Sabbath." What a sliding standard of morals ! A may hoe in his garden on Sunday with-out fear of arrest, while B, whose gar-den joins A's, may be fined and im-prisoned for the same act. C may drive a grocer's wagon until ten o'clock, but D, who drives a similar wagon five min-utes after ten, may be subjected to the penalty of the law ; and E, the driver of  any other delivery wagon, is under the ban of the law all the day. It would require all the casuistry of an expert juggler of moral sentiments to defend successfully such legislation as this. Unnecessary and Ill-Advised Legislation We affirm that this bill is religious :n its character; that it is a flagrant usur-pation of power never granted to Con-gress by the people ; that it is a violation of the fundamental principles of relig-ious liberty; that it tends to confuse the moral sense of the community by ma-king the time of day or the day of the week an element in the criminality of an act ; that its purpose is to compel men to make a distinction between days for purely religious reasons ; that it is a vio-lation of the constitutional prohibition that " Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; " that it is a long step toward the union of church and state; and, finally, that it is unnecessary and ill-advised legisla-tion, which will do injury to the cause of religion and tend to bring into con-tempt the authority of the state. We, therefore, most earnestly protest against this Sunday bill or any similar legis-lation. Some Weighty Utterances WE desire to emphasize the fact that Congress has no right whatever to enact any legislation which will compel the conduct of men in their attitude toward religion or a religious observance. We fully agree with Mr. James Madison, who, in discussing the Constitution be-fore the Virginia Convention (Elliot's " Debates on the Federal Constitution," Vol. III, page 33o), said:Ñ There is not a shadow of right in the general government to intermeddle with religion. Its least interference with it would be a most flagrant usurpation. 