LIBERTY 95 If the state would let religion look after its own interests, the civil magistrates would not be required to sit as judges to decide theological questions, nor would lawmakers be granting special indul-gences to violate real or supposed re-ligious obligations. Total separation of church and state would necessarily mean noninterference with religious duties. tv f sv National Prohibition Necessary for the Triumph of Democracy AN Associated Press report published in the Chicago Daily Tribune of May 29 states that the new republic of Russia is threatened with a complete overthrow through violence due to " the increase in the illicit sale of vodka and the gen-eral wave of intoxication which threat-ens to spread throughout the country, provoking disorders and endangering the internal peace of the country." The executive committee of the coun-cil of workmen's and soldiers' delegates sent the following stirring appeal to the citizens of Russia : " We notice an increase of drunkenness in Petrograd and other parts of Russia. It is noticeable in the streets, railways, factories, and barracks. Vodka is readily found in the villages of the interior, as well as at the front. An examination shows that many deplorable events in the last few weeks were due to drunkenness. " Formerly the emperor encouraged drunk-enness, since it helped to support the imperial throne. Now the Black Hundred is trying to intoxicate the country, because it wants to create disorders, cause civil war, and the re-turn of the monarchy. Massacres will follow the appearance of vodka, villages will fight with each other, and then the servants of the old regime will emerge from their hiding places, and there will be a repetition of what happened in 1905. The work of the revolu-tion will be drowned in blood by the enemies of the people. No one has the right to buy vodka or to drink it. Let it disappear for-ever, with the old regime." Before the American Republic can conquer a foreign foe, it must first con-quer its greatest domestic foe Š the rum autocrat. This is no fiction, but a grim reality. National prohibition must be adopted soon as a war measure, or the  American Republic will be conquered by a food famine and riots which will be the consequent resultants of turning our grain products into intoxicants. Prof. Irving Fisher and Dr. Alonzo Taylor, who are government experts on the food question, state that " food con-servation as a war measure is absolutely essential for the successful conduct of the war." They further state that on account of a " shortage of crops all over the world, the destruction of crops by the war, the withdrawal of food produ-cers to perform military functions, the destruction of food ships by the subma-rines, and the exhaustion of our food stocks, we are facing a real food crisis." Upon careful computation based upon government statistics they clearly prove that national prohibition of the manu-facture of alcoholic beverages is abso-lutely necessary as a military measure in order to carry the war to a successful issue. They show that " more than II0,-000,000 bushels of grain are used in the production of alcoholic beverages, 415,-000,000 pounds of grapes, and 152,00o,-000 pounds of molasses. In all, about 7,500,000p00 pounds of food (grain, grapes, grape sugar, glucose, and mo-lasses) are so used each year." iV ME 01 Iowa Sunday " Blue Law " Cru-sade a Failure AT the instigation of religious organi-zations, Attorney-General H. M. Havner, of Iowa, had a drastic Sunday bill in-troduced recently into the Iowa Legis-lature. The legislature refused to pass the bill. The State's attorney then delved into the musty folios of the past and dug up an old blue law which prohibits " any commercialization of the Sabbath." According to Mr. Havner's interpreta-tion of this law, it prohibits the sale of anything and everything on Sunday, whether luxuries or necessities of life ; it prohibits all kinds of recreations that are commercialized, and closes up amuse-ment parks where fees are charged. 