LIBERTY 165 repealed by the legislature ; nor shall any citizen, or class of citizens, be granted privileges or immunities which upon the same terms shall not be granted to all citizens." In the light of this provision, it may be seen how slight is the assurance on the part even of those favored by such exemptions that such favoritism would become operative. Nor do those toward whom it is proposed to extend special privileges approve this proposed robbery of their fellow citizens in the matter of the employment of their own time, unhampered by human enactments. For thirty years or more California has been free from the galling restraints of a Sunday-closing law, and there is an earnest intention to resist the enactment of the proposed measure, which is recog-nized as being in restraint of those natu-ral rights for the maintenance of which the whole power of civil government is pledged by basic enactments. Congress is expressly prohibited from making any law respecting an establish- went of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof, and " the. free exercise and enjoyment of religious profession and worship, without discrimination or preference, is forever guaranteed " in California. And the federal Constitution declares that " the judges in every State shall be bound thereby, anything in the constitution or laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding ; " and the Fourteenth Amendment declares that " no State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or im-munities of citizens of the United States." While such barriers exist, citizens are asking, " How can sectarian measures, or those framed in the behalf of secular in-terests, be so twisted as to warp existing enactments ? " There is a unity in the sense of common justice which prevails in California that justifies us in the be-lief that the proposed penalizing of Sun-day labor will fail again, and that con-stitutional guaranties will be respected. Los Angeles, C'al. tV tV California's Struggle for Liberty Against Religious Zealots FRANK A. COFFIN JUST as the daily bursts of volcanic ashes and steam from Mt. Lassen show the smoldering fires beneath, so do the frequent spurts of Sunday legislation show the pent-up forces of the religious world, ready to burst into furious agi-tation to enforce upon the public by state law and strong-armed policemen the dog-mas of the church. At Dinuba, a central California town, a stringent Sunday-closing ordinance has just been defeated by a narrow margin of twenty-two votes. The Bulgin revival meetings of last April started the movement, and an ordinance was passed closing the pool rooms on Sunday. But advocates of strict State-enforced Sunday observance were not satisfied with this ordinance, and demanded that it be so amended as  to include all places of business except such as hotels, restaurants, and drug stores. The referendum was therefore invoked; and both sides waged their fo-rensic battle until election day. This is only the simmering of the pot, for several State-wide Sunday blue law bills may yet go on the California ballot. Hundreds of signatures were obtained to what is known as the Barbers' Sunday Bill, at the recent State convention of California Christian Endeavorers, held in Piedmont Auditorium, Oakland. Besides these, about seven thousand names are now on file with the secretary of state in Sacramento. National organizations are behind the movement, whose avowed purpose is not only to obtain State Sunday laws, but also 