LIBERTY  83 stitution of the Family, the religious ele-ment in Education, the Oath, and Public Morality as affected by the liquor traffic and other kindred evils ; and to secure such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and so indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and us-ages of our government on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the-land." Its allies are now composed of numer-ous religious associations and many lead-ing churchmen and statesmen. Among these allied movements are the Federal Council of the Churches of Christ in America, the Lord's Day Alliance, and many others. Among the things that they are seek-ing to secure are further and more dras-tic Sunday S laws in all the States in the Union, besides bringing pressure to bear upon our federal government at every session of Congress for a compulsory Sunday law. During the last quarter of a century no less than seventy religious measures have been introduced into Con-gress. Fifty-five of these relate to Sun-day observance, thirty-nine of which are for a Sunday law in the District of Co-lumbia. They are still continuing their efforts in this direction with unrelenting vigor and determination. These facts alone should be sufficient to prove to the most incredulous that there is an im-perative demand upon every true Amer-ican citizen to exert a most earnest in-fluence to conserve our natural and God-given rights. It must be evident to all Who read this magazine from time to time that Sunday legislation is a species of religious legislation. The late Justice Brewer, in his work entitled " The United States a Christian Nation " (pages 29, 3o), spoke as fol-lows : " Indeed, the vast volume of official action, legislative and judicial, recognizes Sunday as a day separate and apart from the others, a day devoted not to the or- dinary pursuits of life. It is true in many of the decisions this separation of the daa is said to be authorized by the police power of the State and exercised for purposes of health. At the same time, through a large majority of them there runs the thought of its being a religious day, consecrated by the com-mandment, ' Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work : but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God : in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man serv-ant, nor thy maid servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates.' " In view of these things, the question of paramount interest is, How is it pos-sible to conserve the principles of reli-gious freedom upon which this govern-ment was founded? This can only be done by adhering to the principle enun-ciated by Jesus Christ, the Author of all true liberty, which is expressed in his own words as follows : " Render there-fore unto Caesar [civil government] the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's ; " and in the First Amendment to the Constitution, which voices the same sentiment,Ñ the total separation of the church from the state,Ñ" Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." In the book " The Desire of Ages," page 55o, these heaven-born principles are clearly set forth: " In matters of conscience, the soul must be left untram-meled. No one is to control another's mind, to judge for another, or to pre-_ scribe his duty. God gives to every soul freedom to think, and to follow his own convictions. ' Every one of us shall give account of himself to God.' " On page 487 of this same work, the author fur-ther says : " It is no part of Christ's mission to compel men to receive him. It is Satan, and men actuated by his spirit, that seek to compel the conscience. Under a pretense of zeal for righteous-ness, men who are confederate with evil angels bring suffering upon their fellow men, in order to convert them to their 