WINTER AT THE CAPITAL OF THE NATION LIBERTY 19 petitions to a select committee; from which emanated one of the most masterly state pa-pers which has ever been published in this country. It was addressed to the understand-ing, not to the passions, of the American peo-ple, and there was a response from all quar-ters to its cogent, persuasive, and conclusive reasoning. Its arguments were unanswered and are unanswerable, and the petitioners were silenced." Sunday-Law Champions Defeated by Un-answerable Arguments This masterly and unanswerable state paper referred to was the report on Sun-day mails written by the chairman of the committee, Hon. Richard M. Johnson. A paragraph will show the forceful-ness of his arguments : " If a solemn act of legislation shall, in one point, define the law of God, or point out to the citizen one religious duty, it may, with equal propriety, proceed to define every part of divine revelation, and enforce every reli-gious obligation, even to the forms and cere-monies of worship, the endowment of the church, and the support of the clergy." About fifty years later Senator Blair introduced a bill covering practically the same ground as that taken by the me-morialists referred to in Mr. Johnson's able paper. But this bill died in commit-tee. Many Religious Meas-ures Rejected Since 1888 there have been nearly one hundred measures introduced into the national Congress seeking in one way or another to coerce the people into com-pliance with some religious opinion or dogma. A few of these have passed both branches of Congress at differ-ent sessions, but so far none has become law. Nor will any such bill become law, while our legislators remain true to the American principles of religious liberty and to the fundamen-tal law of our Republic. There can be no question as to the purpose of the framers of the First Amendment to with- hold from Congress all authority to enact any legislation touching any religious question. The Amendment has been so understood in the past; it is so under-stood now. Takonta Park. D. C. 