" Gasless Sunday" By K. C. Russell THE Government requested, some weeks since, that automobiles should not be run on Sunday except in cases of extreme ne-cessity. As the result of this request, the boule-vards and favorite drives, previously frequented on Sunday by motorists, were at once deserted. One could easily imagine himself put back fifty years, for he heard no purring of gasoline motors, no sounding of Klaxons, and the streets of the cities were deserted. The Sunday pe-destrian might cross the thoroughfares that were the most congested on week days without the slightest fear of suffering a violent death beneath the wheels of a speeding automobile. Some have asked the question: " Was it not because of the assumed sacred character of the day that the Government made this request?" On the contrary, it is very evident that the question of Sunday sa- credness h a d not the slight-est bearing upon the Gov-ernment in the issuing of the " gasless Sun-day " request. It was made solely as a conservation measure, and the reason for choosing 'Sun-day was the fact that most of the riding in motor vehicles on this day is done for pleasure, and not in the pursuit of necessary business. Some have undoubtedly been led to believe that the assumed sacredness of Sunday had much to do with the Government's request, and the advocates of Sunday legislation are in hopes that this request of the Government will give to the first day of the week the permanent prestige of civil authority. This, however, is denied by the most wary advocates of Sunday legislation. They well understand that this Government is based upon the principle of a total separation of the church and the state, and of course has no right to require by civil enactment or otherwise, the observance of any religious institution whatever; they therefore attempt to disguise the religious character of the day, and call it a " civil Sabbath." Some of the most prominent advocates of religio-political legislation have, however, un-guardedly admitted that it is the religious fea-ture of the Sabbath that they desire to have protected by civil enactment, as the following shows: 20  Rev. W. F. Crafts, of Washington, D. C., says: " A weekly day of rest has never been per-manently secured in any land except on the basis of religious obligation. Take the religion out and you take the rest out."Ñ"Hearing on Sunday Best Bill," Dec. 13, 1888, p. 21_ Dr. Joseph Cook once said: " The experience of centuries shows that you will in vain endeavor to preserve Sunday as a day of rest, unless you preserve it as a day of worship."Ñ"Boston Monday Lectures" in 1887. The late Chief Justice Brewer of the United States Supreme Court clearly recognized the religious character of Sunday legislation, as is shown by the following paragraph from his book entitled, " The United States a Christian Nation," pages 29 and 30: "Indeed, the vast volume of official action, legislative and judicial, rec-ognizes Sun-day as a day separate a n d apart from the others, a day devoted not to the or-dinary p u r -suits of life. It is true, in many of the decisions this separation of the day is said to be authorized by the police power of the state and exercised for purposes of health. At the same time, through a large majority of them there runs the thought of its being a religious day, consecrated by the commandment, Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy ¥ daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates.' " In view of these statements it will require no argument to convince those who understand the principles upon which this Government was founded, as voiced in the First Amendment to the Constitution, Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion," that Sunday legislation is not only un-Christian but that it is un-American. The request for a gasless Sunday did not violate this principle, nor was it designed to do so. It was issued as an easy and practical way of conserving gasoline, so essential for the successful prosecution of the Great War, now happily ended. 