LIBERTY 55 guaranty against religious tests to those not in office, an omission of grave import. The First Amendment, " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," in con-nection with Article IX of the amendments, " The enumeration in the Constitution of cer-tain rights shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people," would seem to fully protect all the people in their in-alienable rights. And yet a supreme court might interpret these provisions to relate to national citizenship only, the States being left free to do as they pleased in regard to " an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." But any and all doubts as to the supreme rights of the citizens of the United States may be dispelled by the existence of a subsequent amendment, proposed in 1866 and declared adopted in 1868, which provides: " All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States, and of the State wherein they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States; nor shall any State de-prive any person of life, liberty, or property without due process of law, nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protec-tion of the laws." It will be said that the amendment was an outgrowth of the war between States, and re-lates to the freedom granted to those Negroes who were held in the bondage of slavery prior to the war, all of which is granted. But we submit, the amendment contemplates in its lan-guage and obvious meaning more than an anti-slavery measure. If it means what its language implies, no State has the right to pass or en-force a law which would prohibit " the free exercise " of religion. Does not a Sunday law involve the free exercise of religion? and does not a Sunday law of any State " abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States "9 and does not a Sunday law deny to those who observe another rest day " the equal protection of the laws "I We believe it does. It is true that in some of the Sunday laws of the States there is provided an exemp-tion for those who observe another day, but these exemptions prove the contention, namely, that Sunday laws are religious in principle. Are there any incidents in American history where the national Constitution has been appar-ently lost sight of by some States in the enact-ment of Sunday laws the enforcement of which has resulted in religious persecution? We will refer briefly to one or two cases of the many in mind: Arkansas: Between 1884 and 1887 a score or more of religious men who observed Saturday as the Sabbath (in accord with the fourth com-mandment) were prosecuted and jailed for do- ing on Sunday what was their inalienable right, their American right, their Christian right, to do. Others than these religious people had done the same things but were not molested. This evidences what religious zealots will do under a Sunday law. Tennessee: At least ten religious persons were prosecuted between 1885 and 1888, among whom was R. M. King, of the celebrated King case, in which it was shown and tacitly admitted in a United States Circuit Court that the Sunday law of Tennessee was in opposition to national and State Constitutional rights. Here is part of Judge Hammond's decision in King's ap-peal against imprisonment for working on Sunday: " By a sort of factitious advantage, the ob-servers of Sunday have secured the aid of the civil law, and adhere to that advantage with great tenacity, in spite of the clamor for re-ligious freedom and the progress that has been made in the absolute separation of church and state, and in spite of the strong and merciless attack that has always been ready, in the field of controversial theology, to be made, as it has been made here, upon the claim for divine au-thority for the change from the seventh to the first day of the week. 'Volumes have been written upon that subject, and it is not useful to attempt to add anything to it here. We have noi tribunals for its decision, and the effort to extirpate the advantage above mentioned by judicial decision in favor of a civil right to disregard the change seems to me quite useless. The proper appeal is to the legislature; for the courts cannot change that which has been done, however done, by the civil law in favor of the Sunday observers." In our humble opinion Judge Hammond could have found justification for deciding the law unconstitutional were he inclined to the Consti-tutional attitude of early Congresses and states-men. While the United States is very properly try-ing to demonstrate to the world at the present time the great benefits to be derived from ad-hering to the principles of inalienable rights and immunities, shall we forget that there are and have been for years movements in our own country which, carried to their logical result, would re-enslave men and women in the thral-dom of civil and religious intolerance so prev-alent in Europe just before the Revolution/ Can we play with fire and expect to escape being burned? The enactment of Sunday laws and enforcing same is verily playing with fire. Our only safety in either State or nation is in strict adherence to the principles upon which our Government was founded. In the words of our first President: " The Government a the United States . . . requires only that they who live under its protection shall demean them-selves as good citizens in giving it on all occa-sions their Pffeetnal support." 