LIBERTY 141 not lift their voices against the giant evil of the times on pain of political annihi-lation. The magazines are full of the most direct and convincing proof of the truth of it. Lincoln Steffens, Judge Lindsey, Bur-ton J. Hendrick, George Kibbe Turner, and a host of others describe in great detail how predatory wealth, the party machines, and the saloon vote control the country. Judge Lindsey's articles con-stitute a fearful arraignment of the alli-ance between predatory wealth, the old party machines, and the saloons in Colo-rado. Burton J. Hendrick, in his article on Seattle in McClure's magazine for October, 1911, describes this triple alli-ance in so many words. George Kibbe Turner, in his article on George B. Cox's control of Cincinnati (McClure's, March, 1912), shows Cox sitting regularly like a king in state in a German beer-garden, and from his " throne " ruling a great city, with the whole population helpless at his feet. In this instance, predatory wealth itself is helpless, saloon politics alone being in control. Here we have the very best evidence that primarily it is saloon politics that is controlling Amer-ica, and not predatory wealth, except in-directly. The existence of conditions like those in Adams County, Ohio, and Vermilion County, Illinois, proves it. Some " work-ers " among the better classes may be " hired," but this evil is a very minor one as compared with saloon population expenditures. It is the saloon element of society that is controlled by money. If a man like Senator Stephenson sends out $ro8,000 into his State to get the primary election vote, into whose hands does this money go? Everybody knows. The saloon people, including, of course, the politicans, get it. A writer says, " Over the doorways of To,000 (2oo,-000) liquor dives of aristocratic and Bo-hemian character alike might well be placed the inscription, ' Votes bought and sold here, and duplicated in quan-tities to suit purchaser.' " Another bit of convincing evidence consists in the fact that our county and  township governments are the purest, and our municipal government the most corrupt. Reason : The former are least concerned with the saloon's interests, and the latter is most concerned with them. We have thus shown that the liquor traffic is at the bottom of our political crimes and shortcomings.Š J. V. Collins, in American Advance, May 25, 1912. What the State Gets Out of It PHYSICIANS engaged in treating mental diseases are figuring on the percentage of the bill for the public care of the in-sane which is incurred on account of alcohol. The recent report of Superin-tendent Harrington, of the Rhode Island State Hospital for the Insane, deals with the magnitude of this account. He places the probable number of insane persons in public hospitals in the United States at one hundred fifty thousand, and estimates that twenty per cent of these, according to statistics given by Dr. George W. Web-ster, president of the Illinois State Board of Health, and others, owe their insanity directly or indirectly to alcohol. Ł This useless army of thirty thousand persons maintained at public expense does not in-clude those who are cared for by relatives. Not all of the insanity due to alcohol comes from its direct use by the person afflicted. " There is a large mass of facts," says Superintendent Harrington, " to show that the progeny of habitual drinkers suffer in great measure from the effects of alcoholism in parents." Imbecility and epilepsy are largely due to inherited effects brought about through alcoholic drink, and many cases of degen-erative insanity are induced by alcoholics. The dangers arising from what most per-sons would regard as moderate drinking, are becoming much better understood since a large body of scientific investiga-tors have been giving their attention to the subject, and our evidence upon the degenerative influence of alcoholics, and upon the cost to the State and nation which the use of alcohol entails, is ac-cumulating.Š The Scientific Temperance Federation. 