President Nicholas Murray Butler on the Dangers Threatening American Liberties W. W. PRESCOTT THINGS seem to be getting askew in the moral world. The big fishes are eat-ing up the little fishes. " Big business " Makes it hard for little business. Those in the trusts are squeezing those outside the trusts. The well-to-do class exploits the less fortunate. Graft is being dis-covered in almost every financial opera-tion. And not only in their relations to one another, but notably in their rela-tion to God, men are disregarding the old standards. While paid attorneys are studying ways by which their wealthy clients can violate distasteful laws with-out getting behind the bars, the average man seems to have concluded that he can ignore the law of God regardless of any threatened penalty, and a gen-eral laxness of conduct is the inevitable result. There are many who deeply deplore this situation and earnestly desire to see a change for the better. Some feel that the only way to accomplish any perma-nent results is to bring about a change of heart, and they, therefore, are ear-nestly proclaiming the gospel of Christ and his power to save from sin; but a large number of would-be reformers have turned to carnal weapons and are seeking to restrain and regulate wrong tendencies in men by some sort of legal enactment. It is easy to play this role. There is a certain fascination about it. It is gratifying to be in the headlines of the newspapers as pushing some great reform measure. To gain a victory over all opposition and to secure the passage of some stringent legislation designed to prevent crying evils ; to form new or-ganizations and to direct monster parades in the interest of reform ; to pass strong resolutions and to make.appeals to men in power,Š all these methods are pleas-ing to human nature and keep their users in the limelight. But, after all, is this tendency to restrict and to regulate 3m- 16o man conduct by law a hopeful sign ? Is it likely to cultivate the spirit of liberty and to educate the people in the use of liberty without its abuse? These are serious questions. They demand thought-ful consideration. At least one educator of prominence, Dr. Nicholas Murray Butler, the presi-dent of Columbia University, has ana-lyzed the present situation and has ut-tered serious words of warning. His commencement address delivered on June 3 before the graduating class of that in-stitution, and printed in the New York Times of the following day, is both brief and pertinent, and we therefore deem it worth while to reproduce the greater portion of it. He said : Š " When this college was young, the word that rose oftenest and instinctively to the lips was liberty. Men were then everywhere seeking for ways and means to throw off trammels which had been placed upon them by institutions of long standing, but which were found to ham-per them at every turn and to hem them in on every side. Liberty in those days.  meant not one thing, but many things. It meant freedom of conscience, of speech, and of the press; it meant partici-pation in the acts of government and in the choice of governing agents ; it meant freedom to move about over the world, to seek one's own fortune under strange skies and in foreign lands, there to live the life that one's own mind and con-science selected as most suitable. Lib-erty was then the watchword, not in the New World alone by any means, but in the Old World as well, and particularly in France, which has so often pointed the way of advance in the march of ideas. Standing in his place in the convention during the fateful spring of 1793, Robes- . pierre pronounced this definition of lib-erty, which is almost the best of its kind : ' Liberty is the power which of right be- 