JOHN MILTON " Give me the liberty to know, to utter, and to argue freely acording to conscience, above all lib-erties." Š John Milton's "Areopagitica" 30 LIBERTY ing the sale of indulgences during Ref-ormation times. " Sheldon's History." " Myers' Medieval and Modern His-tory." This text-book was bitterly as-sailed and finally censored. At first the author would not change his history, claiming that " history is history ; " but he finally yielded, as the sequel shows, and the " revised edition " is now used quite generally in the schools. According to the book, " Judges of the Faith," later referred to, numerous other histories, readers, and other text- books were also condemned by Roman Catholics (see pages II, 2I, 24), among which might be mentioned the works of Wilson, Hume, Hallam, Peter Parley, and " many other his-torians." " The Story of Liberty" by Charles Carleton Coffin; author of " The Boys of '76," etc. (Harper & Broth-ers, N. Y., 1879), addressed " To the Boys and Girls of America," is also another in-teresting reference book that the same system has at-tempted to suppress, because of its truthful statements re-garding the past history of the Papacy. To illustrate Rome's success in bringing pressure to bear upon American public-school boards, we quote herewith the actual facts concern- ing the case of one of these text-books, as brought out in a public hearing before the United States Senate Committee on Education and Labor, Friday, Feb. 15, 1889, and Friday, Feb. 22, 1889, on " Senate Resolution No. 86," Proposing an Amendment to the Constitution of the United States Respecting Establishments of Religion and Free Public Schools : Š Rev. Dr. Dunn. Reference has been made to the persistent system of Romanizing scho text-books. I hold in my hand an acc of the manner in which the re- of Mr. Swinton's text-book was ..cc lished. The book that was substi- tute or it was " Anderson's New Gen-eral History." " Swinton's History,' the Boston school committee said, ' was removed in the in- terest of truth and fairness.' Its teach- ing,' they said, is not correct; it conveys the impression that an indulgence is a per- mission to commit sin.' Swinton's His- tory' teaches nothing of the kind. The foot-note on page 320 says: These indul-gences were, in the early ages of the church, remissions of the penances im-posed upon persons whose sins had brought scandal upon the community. But in proc-ess of time they were represented as actual pardons of guilt, and the purchaser of in-dulgence was said to be delivered from all sin.' " On this misrepresentation Swinton was removed, and Anderson's New General History' was substituted, because, as one member of the school committee said, It gives a fair account of indulgences.' But when he made this statement, he said what was not true. We appeal to the book. Anderson's History' does not contain a word about indul-gences. What, then, are we to understand? That the com-mittee had not examined the book, and had been imposed upon, or, having examined it, they would impose upon the public? It was further said in the committee: If facts are to be given in a history, they must be given as they are, and not distorted.' Very true, and that is just what Swinton does. But how about the history that does not give the facts? " On page 598 of ' Anderson's New General History,' we read that in the reign of Maximilian I, ' Martin Luther published his famous ninety-five theses against the doctrines of the Catholic Church.' Is this what the members of the Boston school committee call truthful history'? Do they not know that Martin Luther's theses were against the abuses of indulgences. Again, on page 599, we read that from the spread of Luther's tenets grew what is called the Reformation.' And this is all that the school committee of Boston would teach the youth of America concerning one of the greatest and grandest events of modern history. Cardinal John Newman, a very high authority of the Roman Catholic Church, says in his pam-phlet in reply to Mr. W. E. Gladstone's Vatican Decrees,' that, while Protestants speak of the blessed Reformation, Catholics, when they describe it, speak of it as the so-called Reformation.' Singular agreement between Anderson, the author, and New-man, the cardinal. " Why is it that Anderson's General His-tory,' so highly commended by the school committee of Boston, speaks thus slight-ingly of such a great event, and otherwise falsifies and distorts history? Why? An- 