The MarylancrSunday Law Still Lives EARLY in May of the present year of grace, the papers of this city made known to their readers the fact that in the vil-lage of Friendship Heights, Md. (prac-tically a suburb of Washington), war-rants had been served on two residents, charging them with violating the Mary-land Sunday law, and that the trial was to take place before a justice of the peace, at the county seat of Montgomery County, on the thirteenth of that month. Section 384 of the Maryland Code of General Laws, under which these war-rants were issued, provides, under the title " Sabbath Breaking," that Š no person whatsoever shall work or do any bodily labor on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, and no person having children or servants shall command, or wittingly or will-ingly suffer any of them to do any manner of work or labor on the Lord's day (works of necessity and charity always excepted), nor shall suffer or permit any children or serv-ants to profane the Lord's day by gaming, fishing, fowling, hunting, or unlawful pastime or recreation ; and every person transgressing this section, and being thereof convicted before a justice of the peace, shall forfeit five dollars to be applied to the use of the county." Three days before the trial, that is, on the tenth day of May, the Washington Times made semifacetious editorial men-tion of these cases as follows : Š Another Blue Law Menace " The smooth lawns and clean-clipped hedges of Montgomery County are threatened; not by insects or parasites, with which the Department of Agriculture could cope; not by neglect, which a clean-up, paint-up week might over-come; but by an ancient and recently resur-rected law which prohibits ' unnecessary man-ual labor' on Sundays. " Two citizens of Rockville, performing the proud civic duty of trimming their hedges and lawns on Sunday, have been served with a warrant by a neighbor who seems not to real-ize that such labor has the element of spiritual devotion; nay, almost approaches the sacred. Connecticut clings to a law forbidding even the most chaste and formal osculation on Sun-day, but time has nullified the statute. Massa-chusetts proscribes walking on Sundays except to cemeteries, but even that law, too, has be-come moribund. " A late day, indeed, for a Maryland statute to be dragged out of retirement to hamper the suburbanite with a brand-new lawn mower, to handicap a suburbanite experiencing the first thrills of a new pair of clipping shears. Every quasi ruralite must await the fate of these knights of the mower and the shears with deep concern." According to a report which appeared in the same paper on the evening of the thirteenth, both defendants were dis-charged because of lack of definite and positive evidence that they had per-formed the work charged upon the day specified by the complainant. The jus-tice took occasion, however, to warn those present at the trial that the statute above quoted is, as the Times reports his words, " a part of the regular working law of Maryland, and that it will be en-forced " by the courts, notwithstanding the fact that it had in practice become apparently a dead letter. A Mischievous Feature And herein is one of the mischievous features of all such statutes. The news-papers pooh-pooh them, and the public generally refuses to take them seriously, until they are supposed to be obsolete; and then somebody files a complaint, and the law is found to be in full force, and somebody is punished for doing no more than many of his neighbors had been doing for years without even exciting remark. The reason for this is not far to seek. Other laws forbid acts that are in them-selves wrong, or, rather, uncivil. Other statutes provide penalties for acts that The answer to the Sunday question which the Christian citizen should give is clear. He has no right to put the religious restriction of his conscience on another. Let us catch the spirit of Jesus Christ.Š Rev. Spencer B. Meeser, pastor of the Woodward Avenue Baptist Church, Detroit, Mich., May 31, 1903. 162 