(1'1') ,,iert  14 LIBERTY Craven, D. D., in the Christian Statesman for March, 1908, says: " It is evident, upon merely natural considerations, that man needs a rest day. The seventh day, as a rest day, is, to say the least, as good as any other." Enforced Sunday rest must therefore be based upon religious consider-ations, rather than upon natural considera-tions. It is to be noted further that the repre-sentatives of the labor organizations and SENATOR JOHNSTON OF ALABAMA, THE CHAIRMAN OF THE SUBCOMMITTEE WHICH GAVE THE HEARING, Who introduced both Sunday bills now before the Senate, and has publicly announced that he is in favor of such legislation. the representatives of the religious organ-izations do not agree in their demands con-cerning Sunday laws. The former do not desire to have voluntary labor or innocent sports and amusements prohibited, wishing to be left perfectly free as to the use which they shall make of their day of rest, while the representatives of the religious organ-izations attempt to enforce idleness and abstinence from sports and amusements upon every man. Those whose purpose Łit is to secure by legislative enactment the better observance of the day which they regard as the sab- bath, are seeking their end by a wrong means. The question of the proper observ-ance of the Sabbath is a matter wholly outside the sphere of civil government, and one with which the state can of right have nothing to do further than to protect every man in the observance of any day which he may choose to observe. Such protection is already provided for in existing laws relating to the disturbance of peaceable assemblies of all kinds, and there is no need whatever of further legislation. The Real Nature of the Bill With this preliminary statement, let us examine the bill before us. In discussing this bill I take it for granted that we are to deal with its general purpose as ex-pressed in the title, inasmuch as in the body of the bill the provisions are made applicable to every day in the week, and not to Sunday alone. The failure to spec-ify a particular day of the week is doubt-less an oversight on the part of the framer of the bill. The title states that this is "A Bill for the Proper Observance of Sunday as a Day of Rest in the District of Colum-bia," and the very phraseology of this title stamps the bill as religious. Its purpose is to secure "the proper observance of Sunday as a day of rest," and in order that the day may be properly observed, this bill proposes to make it " unlawful for any per-son or corporation in the District of Co-lumbia to labor at any trade or calling, or employ or cause to be employed his appren-tice-or servant in any labor or business except in household work or other work of necessity or charity, and except also public service corporations in the necessary supplying of service to the people of the District," presumably on the first day of the week. That is to say, " the proper ob-servance of Sunday as a day of rest " makes it necessary that all persons should be restrained from engaging in the ordi-nary pursuits which are followed freely upon the other days of the week. The fact that it is not deemed necessary to place any such restriction upon the citizens in order to secure a proper observance of such civil holidays as the fourth of July, the twenty-second of February, etc., indi-cates clearly that by this bill Sunday is to be distinguished from civil holidays. What is the basis upon which such a distinction rests? There can be but one answer; 