20 LIBERTY dent of this republic : " Keep the state and the church forever separate." The American colonists, who had lived in the mother country under a union of the state and a religion which they did not profess, established on these shores colo-nial governments under which there was the closest union between the state and the religion which they did profess. The free-dom. of conscience which had been denied to them in the old country, they denied to others in the new country; and uniformity of faith, church attendance, and the sup-port of the clergy were enforced by laws which arouse righteous indignation in the minds of liberty-loving men of this century. The pages of early American history are stained with the shameful record of the per-secution which must always attend the attempt to compel the conscience by en-forcing religious observances. The Bap-tists were banished, the Quakers were whipped, good men were fined, or exposed to public contempt in the stocks, and cruel and barbarous punishments were inflicted upon those whose only crime was that they did not conform to the religion professed by the majority and enforced by the colo-nial laws. And all these outrages were committed in the name of justice, as penal-ties for the violation of civil laws. " This was the justification they pleaded, and it was the best they could make. Miserable excuse ! But just so it is : wherever there is such a union of church and state, heresy and heretical practises are apt to become violations of the civil code, and are pun-ished no longer as errors in religion, but as infractions of the laws of the land."Š Baird. Thus did the American colonies pattern after the governments of the Old World, and thus was religious persecution trans-planted to the New World. We respectfully urge upon the attention of your honorable body the change which was made when the national government was established. The men of those times learned the meaning and value of liberty not only of the body but also of the mind, and " vindicating the right of individuality even in re'igion, and in ',religion above all, the new nation dared to set the example of accepting in its relations to God the principle first divinely ordained of God in Judea."Š Bancroft., Warned by the dis-astrous results of religious establishments in both the Old and the New World, these  wise builders of state excluded religion from the sphere of the national government in the express prohibition, " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Thus they founded a nationŠthe first in all history Š upon the Chris-tian idea of civil government,Š the separa-tion of church and state. And the century and more of liberty and prosperity which has crowned their efforts, and the wide-spread influence for good which the exam-ple of this nation has exerted upon the world at large in leading the way toward freedom from the bondage of religious des-potisms and ecclesiastical tyrannies, has demonstrated the wisdom of their course. The " new order of things " to which testi- mony is borne on the reverse side of the Great Seal of the United States, introduced an era of both civil and religious liberty which has been marked by blessings many and great both to the nation and to re- ligion. We are moved to present this memorial, however, because of the persistent and organized efforts which are being made to secure from Congress such legislation as will commit the national government to a violation of this great principle, and to the enforcement of a religious institution. Al-ready there have been introduced during the present session of Congress five bills of this nature: Š Ł S. 1519, "A BILL to prevent Sunday banking in post-offices in the handling of money-orders and registered letters." H. R. 4897, "A BILL to further protect the first day of the week as a day of rest in the District of Columbia." H. R. 4929, "A BILL prohibiting labor on buildings, and so forth, in the District of Colum-bia on the sabbath day." H. R. 13,471, "A BILL prohibiting work in the District of Columbia on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday." S. 3940, "A BILL requiring certain places of business in the District of Columbia to be closed on Sunday." While a merely cursory reading of the titles of these bills may not indicate clearly their full significance, we affirm that an examination of their provisions will reveal the fact that they involve the vital principle of the relation of government to religion. Their passage would mark the first step on the part of the national government in the path of religious legislation Š a path which leads inevitably to religious perse-cution. If government may by law set- 