LIBERTY 53 only they have any part in the government, only they have a voice in the settlement of any political question. Who does not see that such a system is at once unjust, un-American, and unwise? Its general adoption would mean not only stagna-tion, but a return to the old Anglo-Saxon bin, or town, system of the Middle Ages. There are some things that cannot be done by any form of government. Men cannot be made religious or truly moral by law. Not all men can be made even thrifty and industrious by law. Give two men an equal chance side by side, and one of them will by thrift and in-dustry accumulate property, while the other will waste even that which was given him by inheritance or other form of gift. Some men will take pains with their orchards, and market perfect fruit that commands a fancy price; while others will allow their trees to be destroyed by scale, and the few blossoms that do appear to be stung and blasted by the moth. The same is true of poultry, cattle, cheep, in fact, of everything. It is impossible  to prevent this by any system of government. The only thing that can be done is the thing that in this country has been done probably more fully than anywhere else; namely, free-dom to develop in a normal and natural way is guaranteed alike to all. The sacred rights of the individual can be safeguarded by wise and just legislation, not perfect, it is true, but the best that man can devise; and that will never be along Bolshevistic lines, for as demonstrated in France a century and a, quarter ago, and in Russia in our own day, the Red Terror is even worse than any evil it would destroy. Bol-shevism .thrives on the misery of the masses; it is the Bolshevists' stock in trade: while the classes now proscribed in Russia are best served by general prosperity. Bolshevism, which means repression and des-potism, is to be avoided whether in the reli-gious and moral or in the industrial world. Therefore, beware of it whether applied to ma-terial or to spiritual things. As thus far car-ried out in practice, it is evil and only evil continually. Religious Freedom Assailed in Virginia THE State of Virginia, the home of Washington, Jef-ferson, Madison, Monroe, Patrick Henry, and George Mason, who fought so nobly for religious freedom, is now endeav-oring, through its commonwealth's attorney, Mr. Wise, to deprive a large portion of its citizens of the blessings and priv-ileges declared in the Vir-ginia " Act of religious freedom," which reads as follows: "Whereas, Almighty God hath created the mind free; that all at-tempts to influence it by temporal punishment, or burdens, or by civil in-capacitations, tend only to beget habits of hypoc-risy and meanness, and are a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our religion, who, be-ing Lord both of body and mind, yet chose not to propagate it by coercions on either, as was in his almighty power to do; that the impious presumption of legislators and rulers, civil as well as ecclesiastical, who, being themselves but fallible, and uninspired men, have assumed dominion over the faith of others, setting up their own opinions and modes of thinking as the only true and infallible, and as such endeavoring to impose them on others,  have established and maintained false religions, over the greatest part of the world, and through all time; . . . that to suffer the civil magistrate to intrude his powers into the field of opinion, and to restrain the profession or propagation of principles, on supposition of their ill tendency, is a dangerous fallacy, which at once destroys all religious liberty, because he, being of course judge of that tendency, will make his opinions the rule of judgment, and approve or condemn the sentiments of others only as they shall square with or differ from his own; that it is time enough for the rightful purposes of civil government, for its officers to interfere, when principles break out into overt acts against peace and good order; and finally the truth is great and will prevail, if left to herself; that she is the proper and sufficient antagonist to error, and has nothing to fear from the conflict, unless by human interposition dis-armed of her natural weapons, free argument and debate, errors ceasing to be dangerous when it is permitted freely to contradict them." Mr. Wise, the commonwealth's attorney of Virginia, is carrying on a relentless warfare of By C. S. Longacre 