A DENOMINATIONAL COLLEGE "Limits of Religious Liberty" Ei By C. P. Bollman UNDER this heading the Conti-nent (Chicago) of July I, 1915, printed the following editorial: " National Welfare Outranks Religious Liberty " This is a declaration more likely to provoke protest than approval. It goes against most thinking on the subject. And ordinarily reli-gious liberty and national welfare are in perfect harmony, so there is no occasion to ask which is superior. " Yet the wise patriot keeps in the back of his head, for application when required, the basic rule which puts the two in proper order. " The life of a nation, just as the life of an individual, is of necessity dominated by the impulse to do and maintain all that contributes to its own strength and perpetuation. . . . " In the United States this national respon-sibility for the national welfare rests ultimately on the judgment of the majority of the Re-public's voting citizenship. "And against the will of that majority no man can long maintain in contradiction any private or factional preference. There is no refuge of even personal right behind which he can resist what the preponderance of his fellow citizens have decided he ought to do for the well-being of his country. . " Free schools are maintained at public charge in every part of the United States be- cause it is the fixed persuasion of Ameri- cans that the nation could not live out its life in any safety un- less its children are trained in intelligent powers of personal judgment and a lively appreciation for the history and opportu-nities of the land. " Some citizens nev-ertheless insist on a re-ligious right to educate their children in schools where religion is definitely taught according to their own faith. And the States, being con-vinced of the propriety of yielding to the prefer-ences of citizens in so far as it is socially and civically safe, have as yet done nothing to inter-fere with parochial schools. " But if any State or all of the States should be at any time persuaded that the permanent unity of the nation demands the common edu-cation of all children in its own free schools, T20 Š one undivided body,Š nobody's inherent right would be violated by enactments closing parochial and private schools entirely. " Furthermore, if the state should determine that its welfare depends on training its youth in the fear of God and the knowledge of his commandments, it has every right to introduce such instruction into the public school system, regardless of the skepticism of individual par-ents. . . . "The point here Š now perhaps sufficiently made Š is simply that nothing can forbid the state to do what it believes to be required for its own best goodŠnot even the invocation of religious liberty." The Continent is certainly wrong in its initial statement, and just as certainly right regarding said declaration as " more likely to provoke protest than approval." Of course not all that is claimed as religious liberty is such in very truth, but it is none the less true that the Continent's initial proposition is a most mischievous one, and would, if ad-mitted, furnish a moral vindication for all the religious persecution the world has ever seen, from the death of Abel and of Christ himself down to the last victim that shall suffer civil penalties rather than deny his faith, no matter how mistaken that faith may be. Some of the best of the Roman em-perors were the worst of persecu-tors, not because they delighted in torture and blood-shed, but exactly because, as does the Continent, they verily believed that na-tional welfare outranks religious liberty, and that unity in religion is essential to national welfare. The argument that prevailed with the Jewish rulers eighteen hundred years ago, determining them to demand the death of the Lord Jesus Christ, was: 