LIBERTY 13 through those dark ages, and passed on to later generations the precious, blood-bought heritage of religious liberty. Wherever the people had the open Bible, the agitation and protest sprang up. The peasants of the Waldensian and Piedmont Valleys were pioneers in the struggle. Alanus says of them : " They denied the right to persecute men for their religious views and practises." It was to crush their witness to Christian liberty that Dominic devised the machinery of the Inquisition. \Vycliffe's translation of the Scriptures into the English vernacular began the re-form in Great Britain. It sprang up in Bohemia, through the preaching of the Word by Huss and Jerome. The Word of God is the divine charter of religious lib-erty. The Council of Constance burned both Huss and Jerome at the stake; it or-dered the bones of Wycliffe dug up and burned; but the principles for which mul-titudes of martyrs had suffered could not be burned. These noble witnesses for truth triumphed even by their sufferings. Of them the prophet had written: " They over-came him by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony; and they loved not their lives unto the death." They pre-pared the way for the dawn of the Reforma-tion in the sixteenth century. When Luther struck the clear notes for Christian liberty, as he did in the opening  of his battle for reform, the mighty power of God attended the Word. As Coleridge said:Š "All Germany, England, Scotland, and other countries, started like giants out of their sleep, at the first blast of Luther's trumpet." It was a great moment in the history of the struggle for religious liberty when Luther stood before the imperial diet at Worms. Lindsay pictures the scene in that chamber, packed with the great men of church and state: Š " The past and the future faced each otherŠthe young emperor in his rich robes of state . . . descend-ant of long lines of kings, determined to maintain the beliefs, rites, and rules of that medieval church which his ancestors had upheld ; and the monk, with his wan face seamed with the traces of spiri-tual conflict and vic-tory, in the poor dress of his order, a peasant's son, reso-lute to cleave a way for the new faith of evangelical freedom, the spiri- tual birthright o f all men." When the last word had been said in argument, and Luther was called upon, finally, to retract, he placed his hand upon the Holy Scriptures, and before all the power of church and state, said, " Here I stand. I can not do otherwise. God help me." And God did help him. To the prince who desired to assist the cause of reform by earthly force, Luther wrote: Š " You can not defend our faith: each one should believe at his own risk and peril." Again he declared : Š " Were I to employ force, what should I gain?Š Grimace, formality, human ordi-nances, and hypocrisy; . . . but of sin-cerity of heart, faith, charity, not at all. Where these three are wanting, all is wanting." In the famous protest of the princes at OLD STATE HOUSE, CONSTANCE, WHERE HUSS WAS TRIED 