LIBERTY 207 day that lies back of this agitation, but it is a desire of certain parties for some authority to compel the recognition of their theology. For this reason Roman Catholics are making less demand for Sunday laws than the Protestants are making. The Roman theology teaches that the author-ity for Sunday observance rests wholly in the church. Whether or not one be-lieves this foundation sufficient, a State Sunday law would give no added strength to this theology, as facts show it to be true. Mankind have contended for their preconceived ideas a thousand times more than for truth. This spirit has ruined homes, destroyed nations, and drenched the earth with blood. It has no place among the followers of Christ. Those desiring to do so, observe Sun- day in California as well as anywhere else in the world. Wilbur F. Crafts, a well-known advocate of Sunday laws. says in his book, " The Sabbath for Man;" page 95, that a San Francisco pastor in answer to the question, " Where have you seen the best Sabbath observ-ance? " replied, " Among the Christian people of California." There is Sunday labor going on in California, and so there is in States where Sunday laws exist. The blast furnaces, iron and steel works, telegraph and telephone lines, heat, light, and power plants, hotels, restaurants, newspapers, railroads, street railways, ferries, etc., are in operation in Sunday-law States as well as in California. These facts show that Sunday laws are useless, impracticable, and impossible of general application. Sunday Laws are Void BY CARLYLE B. HAYNES " Only within the confines of its own ter-ritory can a state or nation enforce its law. God has committed to men the making of laws regulating the nations of the earth, but he has never committed to men the making of laws for the kingdom of God. Such laws are void for want of jurisdiction." BOTH the state and the church are or-dained of God. The church has a divine commission to do its work of preaching the gospel, and that commission is re-corded in Matt. 28: 18-20. The state is also divinely commissioned to do its work of securing and maintaining the rights of men, and punishing for the violation of those rights; and of the state in this legitimate sphere God says, " The powers that he are ordained of God." Rom. 13: I. The very fact that both church and state are ordained of God is sufficient evidence to prove that they should oper-ate in different spheres, for God would not create two different institutions to perform the same work. The church has a sphere of action all  its own, and in that sphere it has com-plete freedom to operate, and should not be interfered with by the state. The state also has a sphere of action all its own, and while operating in that sphere it should not be interfered with by the church. When either of these institu-tions goes beyond the limits of its sphere. they are bound to come into conflict with each other. Proper Sphere of the Church The proper sphere of the church was defined by Christ himself at the time of the giving of the gospel commission : " Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Fa-ther, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost : teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you : and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." The church, then, is in this world for the purpose of propagating and teaching the religion of its divine Author, and the chief end of 