the man and his prin-ciple that " Chris-tianity is a part of the American law," and that it is " the right of the crimi-nal judge to enforce the observance of t h e Christian sab- t h e governorship upon a platform an-nouncing " Sunday-closing " and " Pro-hibition " the para-mount issues, have, all together, centered the eyes of the mor-alists a n d " good THE STATE CAPITOL BUILDING AT JEFFERSON CITY, MO. LIBERTY 21 mer for the office of United States Sen-ator has been urged in a political cam-paign that outrivaled, perhaps, in national interest any other campaign elsewhere in the United States. Governor Folk's wide reputation, the national notoriety given to the judicial procedure of Judge Wallace against the theaters, and his re-cent candidacy for legislation ; and it is a noteworthy in-cident in the public candidacy of Judge Wallace upon his purely religious and moral platform, that no fewer than six thousand preachers enlisted in his cause, and that, though defeated at the primary election early in August, forty-seven thousand voters had registered them- selves as in favor of government " advocates everywhere upon Missouri. A peculiar feature of the con-test grows out of the recently enacted primary law of Missouri, which permits individuals to announce themselves as candidates for public office without re-gard to party conventions or affiliation. By the " direct primary law " political parties in Missouri are rendered power-less to resist the attacks of misguided zealots and would-be reformers, who would make the civil state an engine of tyranny to carry out the wishes of the ecclesiastics. The religious element was quick to see the advantages offered it in the new  bath." Think of it! Forty-seven thou-sand citizens assenting to the principle of church-and-state government nineteen centuries after the Man of Galilee had declared," Render unto Ccesar the things that are Ccesar's, and to God the things that are God's"! Forty-seven thousand votes Š almost, if not quite, one-fourth the whole number of votes cast for four separate candidates! It marks a new era in Missouri politics,Š an era in which the church may gain control of the civil government. In the plea for " cumpulsory Sunday observance," Governor Folk is not a whit behind Judge Wallace in the some- 