ECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE iticello, on April 13, 1909, the anniversary of Jefferson's birth Save in his native land and in the churches that bear his name, the work of Dr. Martin Luther is almost overlooked by the busy world of the twentieth cen-tury. Yet had it not been for the daring and the faith of this man, the twentieth century would have been far different. Not to Hermann of the Cherusci, nor to Frederick Barbarossa, nor to Otho the Great, who were before him, nor yet to Bismarck, of later date, do the Ger-mans owe their national existence, but to Martin Luther, the monk of Wittenberg. A still greater claim to fame, perhaps, remains to this poor monk in that it was his act which gave to the whole world the priceless boon of religious liberty. With-out religious liberty no such thing as political liberty could ever have drawn its breath. So that when, on October 31 last, the mind of the nation was fixed upon the approaching election, it is most -  surprising that the celebration, on the part of a few churches in our land, of the event which made that election possible was nearly overlooked. Before Luther broke the chains which bound the Bible to the cloister, and gave it to the world, Germany was not a na-tion, but a conglomeration of peoples held together by geo-graphical lines and the sword. It had no language ; it had no binding ties other than the tie of blood. Out of the fundamental materials of the Germanic tongues he, virtually unaided, built up a language, translated a book into it, and gave the language, with the book, to the people. It is the only case in human history where a man wrote a book in a language that was not yet born. From that day the German people became a nation, capable of intercommuni-cation, sympathetic ideals, and political development. When Luther nailed his nine-ty-five theses, denying and de-fying the abuses of the church, on the door of the old church at Wittenberg, he was the voice of all future mankind declaring hu-manity should not take its creeds from the sword and from the inquisitorial fire. Before his man had to believe what men die. this day, decreed he should believe, or It has not been many steps to day, when man may believe what he pleases, and account to no man for it. This was the great revolution of the Middle Ages. [It required the American Revolution to give birth to a nation LIBERTY' 25 