"Heliology and Christmas" By Cyrus Simmons OSIRIS was the popular sun god in Egypt. He was looked upon as the light of the world. As the sum rose above the horizon and dispelled the darkness, the Egyptians paid their devotions to their favorite deity as the dispenser of all that is good. After the autumnal season, when the nights began to grow longer than the days, when to the Egyptian mind dark-ness seemed to prevail over the light, when the leaves began to fall from the trees, and nature and all vegetation was in a melancholy and dying condition, a great national lamentation was heard over this idolatrous land because the people believed that their god was dying. The incarnation of the sun was found in the black bull, Apis. When the sun met its annual death Apis was slain and buried in a temple dedicated for that purpose. It was supposed the annual death of the sun occurred on the twenty-first day of December, at the winter sol-stice. The sun remained in his grave for a few days. On the twenty-fifth day of December, when the sun began his jour-ney toward the summer solstice, there was a great rejoicing throughout his be-nighted land, for the people believed that the sun was born again, that new life was given to their god and new bless-ings awaited them. Immediately they searched the land for another Apis that was required to have certain marks which were considered sacred. When he was found, all the people were given to fes- tivities, to amorous and drunken dances, to lasciviousness and vice, and all sorts of debauchery and excesses. This occa- sion was also observed by holding serv-ices, by the felicitation of friends in the distribution of presents, and by pleasing children in the presentation of toys and candies. Egypt, in process of time, became successively tributary to Medo-Persia. 20 Greece, and Rome. These nations con-quered the Egyptians, but the Egyptian religion vanquished the conquerors. Sun worship became the state religion of Greece and Rome. The sun god Apollo represented the Greek and the Roman mind at its best, in so far as idolatry is concerned, and at its worst in so far as Christianity is concerned. It is thinkable that the same annual custom of worship-ing the birth of the sun on the twenty-fifth day of December, and of the distri-bution of presents, and of the celebration of national festivities prevailed in these two nations. In the course of four centuries after the birth of Christ, Rome became Chris-tianized. The nominal Christians were as numerous as the sun worshipers. By legislation and entreaties and exhorta-tions, the sun worshipers were invited into the church. A compromise was made with the world and with idolatry. To Julius I, who occupied the papal chair about 352 A. D., the historical fact is attributed of arbitrarily fixing the twenty-fifth day of December as the birthday of Christ. Bible students ad-mit that the Scriptures are silent as to the day and the month on which Christ was born. Facts and inferences that are reasonable deduction from the Bible dis-approve the nativity on that day rather than prove it. If the One who has inspired the Scrip-tures has seen fit to omit that fact, why is it that Christians have considered it a subject of so great importance ? Why has the Christian world selected, or ar- bitrarily fixed, the same day for the birth of Christ that sun worshipers hallowed as the rebirth of the sun ? Adam Clarke, in his Commentary, Vol. V, page 342, uses these words : " But the Latin Church, supreme in power, and infallible in judgment, placed it [the birth of Christ] on the twenty-fifth of 