LIBER7'V (ro67) 17 tends so far as to forbid the holding of your superstitious and senseless meet-ings, not hi public merely, but in any private house whatsoever. Let those of you, therefore, who are desirous of em-bracing the true and pure religion, take the far better course of entering the Catholic Church, and uniting with it in holy fellowship, whereby you will be en-abled to arrive at the truth. In any case, the delusions of your perverted under-standing must entirely cease to mingle with, and mar the felicity of, our present times ; I mean the impious and wretched double-mindedness of heretics and schis-matics. For it is an object worthy of that prosperity which we enjoy through the favor of God, to endeavor to bring back those who in time past were living in the hope of future blessing, from all irregu-larity and error to the right path, from darkness to light, from vanity to truth, from death to salvation. And in order that this remedy may be applied with ef-fectual power, we have commanded (as before -said) that you be 'positively de-prived of every gathering-point for your superstitious meetings ; I mean all the houses of prayer (if such be worthy of the name) which belong to heretics, and that these be made over without delay to the Catholic Church; and that any other places be confiscated to the public service, and no facility whatever be left for any future gathering, in order that from this day forward none of your unlawful as-semblies may presume to appear in any public or private place. Let this edict be made public." It was, therefore, henceforth neces-sary that the people be compelled to attend to things divine. The Catholic St. Augustine proposed this theory : Š " It is indeed better that men should be brought to serve God by instruction than by fear of punishment or by pain. But because the former means are better, the latter must not therefore be neglected. . . . Many must often be brought back to their Lord, like wicked servants, by the rod of temporal suffering, before they attain to the highest grade of relig- ious development."Š Schaff's " History of the Christian Church," Vol. II, sec. 27. The Inquisition in Germ Of this theory Neander says : " It was by Augustine, then, that a theory was proposed which . . . contained the germ of that whole system of spiritual despot-ism of intolerance and persecution, which ended in the tribunals of the Inquisition." Š"Church History," Vol. II, page 217. Neander adds: " In this way the church received help from the state for the fur-therance of her ends." Neander's state-ment is correct. But these edicts which had been issued were only the introduc-tion of what was to follow. Gibbon says : " And as the emperor ascended from the holy fount, still glow-ing with the warm feelings of regenera-tion, he dictated a solemn edict, which proclaimed his own faith, and prescribed the religion of his subjects. . . . We authorize the followers of this doctrine to assume the title of Catholic Christians ; and as we judge that all others are ex-travagant madmen, we brand them with the infamous name of heretics, and de-clare that their conventicles shall no lon-ger usurp the respectable appellation of churches. Besides the condemnation of divine justice, they must expect to suf-fer the severe penalties which our au-thority, guided by heavenly wisdom, shall think proper to inflict upon them."Š" Decline and Fall of the Roman Em-pire," chapter 27. And still further in the fifth Council of Toledo, can. 3d, the holy Fathers say : " We, the holy council, promulge this sentence pleasing to God, that who-soever hereafter shall succeed to the kingdom, shall not mount the throne till he hath sworn among others to permit no man to live in his kingdom who is not a Catholic." This is the history of the first Sunday legislation, which in its inception was considered so harmless. It is perfectly safe to conclude that history is repeating itself to-day. The logic of Sunday legis- 