LIBERTY 33 Religious organizations are banding to-gether. Over thirty of the leading Prot-estant churches of the United States have joined in the Federal Council of the Churches of Christ in America. The power created by this union is being brought to bear upon our government, and is also reaching out to other nations. Demands are made that certain reli-gious duties be enforced by law. This, in the estimation of the council, will place our nation on a higher plane of existence. Plans are being inaugurated that will in-clude the various governments, and it is hoped that the churches will be able to control the nations and lead them in the ways of God. In a call to prayer issued by the Federal Council, it is urged that nations work " together with God for the establishment of his kingdom on earth." A World Peace Council was appointed to be held in Constance, Germany, beginning Aug. 2, 1914. Thirteen na-tions and thirty-five religious denomina-tions were to be represented at this meet-ing. While the delegates were on their way, the great European war broke out. A number were unable to reach their destination. Those who succeeded in getting to Constance, became aware that their safety lay in immediate flight. After three short sessions they hurriedly left, to continue their conference in Lon-don. Before leaving, a committee prepared a statement for the churches in America. " It is significant," the committee wrote, " that this first international conference of the churches for the promotion of friendship and peace between the nations of the world occurred at a moment when we were all obliged to witness an amaz-ing development of the war fever, and the widespread misery caused on all sides by the mere preparations for battle ; and we have had unique opportunity to wit-ness the sincere and profound reluctance with which the sober and serious element in every nation concerned has found it-self involved in the imminent cataclysm." The secretary of the Carnegie Peace Union, Mr. Lynch, forcefully describes  the feelings aroused by the sights wit-nessed during his trip to London. Com-ing from one of the leaders of this pleat peace movement, his words are signifi-cant: Š " Has civilization collapsed in Europe ? Has Christianity been thrown to the dogs, and have the nations gone mad ? In a moment, almost without premonition, millions of men on the Continent have become frenzied, and with wild eyes, with bestial thirst for blood, and with savage yells, are rushing to rip their brothers' bowels out. . . . It is as if the devil and all his angels had taken complete posses-sion of Europe."Š" Through Europe on the Eve of War," page 91. He believes that our so-called Chris-tianity is largely a sham. Continuing further, he says: " Most of these mil-lions of men who are now drunk with lust of killing, and hoarsely shouting for their brothers' blood, have been calling themselves Christians and have been taught in Christian schools and churches. And in a day it is all forgotten."ŠId., page 95. Out of this political and religious chaos it is hoped to btiild a new order of things, under the direction of the churches. H. K. Carroll, associate secretary of the Federal Council, under date of August 7, sent out a brief report of the peace con-ference just mentioned. A very interest-ing prophecy is incorporated in his state-ment : Š " The conference believes that the pres-ent situation indicates that the old polit-ical order is breaking down, and that, as the outcome of the present war, it will crumble to pieces. The churches have the prophecy of a new order that will save the nations." This " new order of the churches is a peace plan. It is given in these words by the secretary of the Church Peace Union, in his report of the conference: Š " Two great truths which the delegates hrid been prepared to utter, were given proof before their eyes : that the present international political order is essentially unchristian, and must break down and 