34 LIBERTY give place to a new order to be founded on justice instead of force, and that the old 'fallacy that preparation for war is a preventive of war, is vain and foolish. " One voice for peace on earth and good will among men was heard amid the din and clamor of war. It was the voice of the Christian churches, and al-though it was drowned by the sounds of conflict, it will still be heard Š and some day heeded Š by the nations." One of the first actions of the Federal Council after the war was fairly started was to write to the President of the United States, appealing to him to call a national day of prayer. The President acknowledged the commtuicaion, and is-sued a proclamation September 8, setting apart October 4 as a day of prayer. It was published as a public document, and sealed with the United States seal. In thus entering into the realm of re-ligious affairs our government is entering a dangerous path. It is a course that may easily lead to the destruction of civil liberties and the revival of religious per-secution. Our government is nonreli-gious. It is established for all, believers as well as unbelievers. The inconsistency of our President in officially calling a prayer meeting was quickly pointed out by Catholics. The Baltimore Catholic Review, organ of Cardinal Gibbons, takes the Protestant bodies to task for indorsing this plain union of church and state, and then criticizing Catholics be-cause they believe in this principle. The Review says : Š " The President by proclamation has appointed a day of national prayer that God may restore peace to war-distracted Europe. The different Protestant de-nominations have expressed approval and promised obedience to the call. In all Catholic churches in this and every land, from the very declaration of war, peace prayers have been offered every day. However, we shall gladly join in this na-tional profession of faith in and depend-ence on God. " We may be pardoned if we make a reflection or two suggested by this action  of our Chief Executive. Doesn't it seem that, in this proclamation of the Presi-dent and the ready obedience of the dif-ferent sects, there is an instinctive recog-nition of the necessity of some central authority? Poor headless, disjointed Protestantism is essentially Erastian. Having no central authority in itself, it must needs have recourse to the authority of the state. " Besides, the situation displays a sad lack of logic on the part of our Protestant brethren. Are they not continually talk-ing about the union of church and state, or rather talking against it ? Are they not perpetually accusing the church of having designs on the United States in this regard? If Catholics try through governmental action to secure redress for some wrong, if a Catholic is spoken of as a candidate for public office, if the President treats with ordinary courtesy any Catholic prelate or any Catholic cele-bration, what a howl is raised ! And throughout the country the fires of big-otry are enkindled. Yet the Guardians of Liberty can demand that the reading of the Bible be made compulsory in the schools. Protestant ministers can openly and in deputations seek to influence leg-islation, prominent Presbyterians can be appointed to high office, and the President can exercise a purely religious function of calling the nation to prayer, and no one ever mentions union of church and state. " The reflections are made in no cen-sorious spirit ; we are glad to have the President call the nation to prayer, and we shall cheerfully respond to the call ; but we would like our Protestant breth-ren to realize the inconsistency of their attitude toward Catholics and the Catholic Church."Š Baltimore Catholic Review, Sept. 19, 1914. The Catholic hierarchy remembers that the way the Catholic Church got control of the Roman government in the early centuries was through mild and appar-ently innocent requests on their part at first, and the civil government's acknowl-edgement and cooperation which fol- 