False Premises Bring Direful Conclusions B. M. HEALD THE first principle of the National Reform Association is that the United States as a nation is a moral being, ac-countable to God for its actions, having intelligence, conscience, will, and a soul to be lost or saved. It is taught that this is a Christian nation, that " Christianity has entered into the very life of the republic," that " Christianity is the law of the land ; " in other words, " the state is a divine institution for moral ends and is instituted to accomplish moral purposes." Now if that be true, the next logical de-duction is that this moral institution must have a code of moral laws. The second position taken by the Na-tional Reform Association is that the government does have a code of morals, and this code is the ten commandments, as R. C. Allen, A. B., of Grove City, Pa., states : " The code of morals on which our government's functions are based is the Christian application of the ten commandments which are found in the Bible." The third step would necessarily be that this moral law must be enforced, and any violation of this moral code of laws on the part of any citizen would be an immoral act and subject to penalty. To prove that this step is to be taken, I quote from the Christian Statesman: " Enforce upon all who come among us the laws of Christian morality." And again: " What is the purpose of civil government ? Is it not to enforce the moral law? If people would keep the moral law voluntarily, there would be no need to use force with reference to it; but since they will not, there must be a power with authority to enforce it ; " and " as long as there is sin in the world, there will be need of civil government to enforce the moral law." " Man being a moral being, he is therefore subject to the morals as enforced by the nation." " No person has the civil right to be im-moral; nor has he the right to object to civil instruction in morality."Š R. C. Allen, "The State and the Kingdom," The fourth and last premise is that Sunday observance is the basis of all moral obligation, and its desecration is an immoral act and subject to penalty of civil law. The Christian Statesman of November, 1910, says : " The sabbath [ Sunday] is a divine institution designed to express our acknowledgment of God's rights over us as our Creator. To ob-serve the Lord's day is to acknowledge the basis or foundation of all moral obligations. To desecrate the sabbath [Sunday] . . . is to ignore the rights of God in so far as the observance of his appointed day is an acknowledgment of them." Hence, Sunday observance being the basis of all moral obligation, we have Sunday laws on the statute-books of all the States, except California, and a fine or imprisonment for violation of them. Ł But the principle on which the up-building of the kingdom of God is based is utterly unlike the principles enun-ciated above. It is this : " Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord." By that scripture God has de-clared that it is not the province of the state to compel men to be Christians. He has commissioned his church to per-suade " whosoever will " to accept Christ. The power of the gospel is " My Spirit," and not the might nor power of the state. The direful conclusions of the Na-tional Reform Association, derived by reasoning from a false premise, are as follows : Inasmuch as the state is a moral institution, having a moral code of laws, man being a moral being having " no right to object to civil instruction of morality," and a violation of these moral laws being an immoral act, Sunday ob-servance being a part of the moral law, as interpreted by the state, and its des-ecration an immoral or uncivil act, there-fore " the man whose conduct tends to break down and obliterate the distinction between the Lord's day and other days is not in this a good citizen."Š"A Plea for Religion in the Nation," by the National (1069) 79 