LIBERTY .37 day, under a fine of from twenty-five to one hundred dollars, or imprisonment of from one to three months, or both. The Heflin bill (H. R. 14619) forbids " labor on buildings and so forth in the District of Columbia on the Sabbath clay," under a fine of from twenty-five to five hundred dollars. "Lord's Day Legislation " In the published report of this Inter-denominational Committee, dated Oct. I, 1907, appeared the following : Š " The main and necessary feature of such a movement should be the enlist-ment of all good citizenship for the pro-curing of efficient Lord's day legislation for the District." Note the expression, " Lord's day leg-islation." This itself shows that it is religious legislation that is wanted. And yet, either through ignorance of the principles involved or in order to blind the people as to the real character of the legislation desired, it is denied that either the movement or the legislation is relig-ious. In an article in the Washington morning papers of Jan. 24, 1910, the chairman of this committee, referring to the Johnston bill, says, " It is a civil and not a religious measure." This Interdenominational Committee has gone so far as itself to draft a Sun-day bill. House Bill No. 19965, intro-duced in the Sixtieth Congress, is word for word the bill as prepared by the In-terdenominational Committee, and sent to the District Commissioners March 26, 1908, for their approval, with an accom-panying communication stating that " arrangements are being made to have this bill introduced in both the House and Senate to-morrow." A Religious Exemption As introduced, the Johnston bill con-tained an exemption for observers of another day, which itself most clearly proved the measure religious. Those exempt must be members of a " relig-ious society," and observe " as a Sab-bath " one clay in each seven " as herein provided." It made the observance of  one Sabbath or another compulsory. Before passing the bill on Jan. 27, 1910, however, the Senate eliminated these glaringly religious expressions ; but the religious character and intent of the measure remain the same. The Whole Movement Religious Labor organizations may have been induced to join the movement; Sunday laws may be called " civil," and styled " police regulations ; " the desired legis-lation may be urged under the plea of preventing " compulsory Sunday labor," and of " securing to the laboring man his day of rest ; " but the fact still re-mains that the whole movement is re-ligious. And if the movement is relig-ious, so are the measures called for by it; and if these are religious, to enact them, or any one of them, into law plainly would be religious legislation, and hence unconstitutional. Candid Admissions The most ardent advocates of Sun-day laws themselves admit that legisla-tion for a clay of mere physical rest, without religion, is useless. Thus Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts says : Š " A weekly day of rest has never been permanently secured in any land except on the basis of religious obligation. Take the religion out, and you take the rest out." The late Dr. Joseph Cook likewise said : Š " The experience of centuries shows that you will in vain endeavor to pre-serve Sunday as a day of rest unless you preserve it as a day of worship." No man either in the District of Co-lumbia or elsewhere in this country is compelled to work on Sunday. With-out law, all can refuse to work on Sun-day or on any other day, and go to church or not as they like. To do so might, in some cases, cause the loss of positions and necessitate looking else-where for employment; but enforced idleness upon all is not the proper rem-edy for irreligion or for that lack of conscience which sets aside no day for 