LIBERTY S 169 more successful in their efforts. The state covets the influence of the churches; and the churches clamor for the assistance of the state Š Ł for the power of the civil arm. But the whole history of the past has shown that such a union, when per-mitted to operate, has been fatal to the welfare of both the church and the state, and has augmented the evil they have en-deavored to destroy. It has resulted in A Warning to National Reformers S. B. MORTON 1N the light of what is going on in Europe at the present time, we believe it opportune to address ourselves to the National Reformers, who would so amend the Constitution of the United States as to make it declare this nation a Christian nation. Every nation en- Clinedinst, Washington, D. C. :F EXECUTIVE Al ES. WILSON ares in his sorrow over the loss of his companion. injustice, persecution, and religious wars. The church and the state are ordained for different purposes. The realm of one is in no sense the realm of the other; hence there can be no union except at the peril of both. The well-being of each lies in entire yet friendly separation. This important proposition is suscep-tible of the clearest demonstration. \Ve have but to define these organizations and compare the functions of each, to see that, although not antagonistic, they are ordained for totally different purposes,Špurposes so different that they cannot be blended. Washington, D. C.  gaged in the present Titanic struggle in Europe professes to be a Christian na-tion, with the exception of France, and she has been called such for centuries. Austria is a Roman Catholic Christian nation, Russia is a Greek Catholic Chris-tian nation, Germany is a Lutheran Christian nation, and the Episcopalian Church is the established church of Eng-land. What should have been expected of these Christian nations, which are now unfortunately engaged in a struggle for supremacy? Rev. G. Monroe Royce, of New Windsor-on-Hudson, is quoted in the Literary Digest of August 29, as say- 