92  LIBERTY emphasis when considering the destruc-tive and happiness-destroying conditions relating to the liquor traffic. A cursory consideration of the terrible toll which is paid by humanity to per-petuate the traffic in alcohol shows the liquor business to be a constant menace to " life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-piness." Then why not use the lawful means of destroying the said traffic, and thus increase the peace and safety, lib-erty and happiness, of the whole people? The worn-out assertions that " prohi-bition does not prohibit " and that " hu-man rights are affected " by this char-acter of legislation, will not suffice as arguments against the elimination of the liquor traffic. The record of those States enjoying the favor of prohibitory laws, the economic figures and facts attainable upon application, are all-sufficient an-swers to the quibbling arguments of the rum seller and drinker. If Virginia acts favorably upon this enabling act next September, it will have great influence in deciding the question from the na-tional viewpoint also. Spirit of Wine WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE, for once at a loss for a word, proposed to call the spirit of wine " devil," but it is entitled to no such honor Ñ it is no prince of darkness, it is no prince of anything. It is the cockroach of human industry; it is the louse of human liberty; it is the San Jose scale upon the orange trees of youthful ambition ; it is the cutworm, the Hessian fly, the cankerworm, the cater-pillar of the growing crops of character; it is the coddling moth of the trees of righteousness ; it is the filthy-footed house fly of domestic love ; it is the fe-ver-bearing mosquito of politics ; it is the flea-bearing plague rat that plants pus in moral fiber ; it is the slug that eats life's roses from the cheeks of happy wives : it is the world's most notorious and accomplished sneak thief, and it does its larceny in broad daylight as well as in the dark.Ñ John G. Woolley. IN the previous quarter we had a gain of more than 12,000 new subscribers. The quarter just ended we had a gain over the same quarter of a year ago. This issue is deserving of a wide circu-lation. It contains many valuable au-thoritative statements hitherto unpub-lished. It is an arsenal of effective am-munition which ought to be used in practical service. If each subscriber should secure five new subscriptions for Si.00, it would increase our usefulness fivefold. Important Notice. To All Enemies of the Liquor Traffic Please read carefully the " Petition to Congress " on the opposite page. Fill in the blank spaces, start the list with your own name, and secure as many other signatures as possible. If there are not enough lines on this petition blank for signatures, paste additional sheets of white pa-per at the bottom. Send your petition to one of the senators from your State, or to the representative of your Congressional district, in Congress, addressing him, Washington, D. C. PROF. ADDISON HOGUE, head of the department of Greek of the Washington and Lee University, Virginia, sent a lengthy letter of appreciation with his subscription to the LIBERTY magazine, in which he says : " I should like to send $1,000 to have it sent to as many sub-scribers. I hope subscriptions have poured in." Please see whether or not your subscription is expiring, and read pages 49-51 to see how readily you may earn a little money and help circulate this valuable magazine. Send a club of five subscriptions for one dollar. 