LIBERTY 79 Certain kinds of indecent and immoral publications are easily recognized by practically every one, and are already barred by federal statutes. But there are hundreds of others that may be variously interpreted. To give one man authority to settle these questions for the whole na-tion would be to clothe an individual with great, far-reaching, and dangerous power. The press must be left free, being re-sponsible only for any abuse of that lib-erty, the facts to be passed upon by a jury drawn from the body of the people. One-Man Power These bills propose to place in the hands of one man Š the Postmaster-Gen-eral Š absolute power over the press. By a scratch of the pen he could keep any paper out of the mails, and practically destroy it. There would be no appeal from his decision. The newspaper man, whose business may be ruined by an or-der forbidding him the privileges of the mails, would have no redress whatever. His property would be arbitrarily ruined, with no hope of remuneration. Such procedure is contrary to the letter and spirit of our free institutions. No Appeal It is not clear to many what it would mean to clothe an administrative officer with power to settle such a question. It is simply taken for granted that an ap-peal could be taken to the courts from the decision of a departmental officer. But this is a mistake. This important point was explained so clearly in a hear-ing before the House Committee on Edu-cation, wherein arguments were made for and against a federal motion picture commission, that we give it here : Š " Mr. Barber : I believe that we should put in a provision ŠI do not care what sort of provision it is Š providing for an appeal. " Mr. Powers: What kind of provision can you put in that would remedy this situation? "Mr. Barber: A provision for an appeal either to the administrative officers or to some special board, or to the courts. " Mr. Powers: But you cannot go to the courts. You cannot go anywhere with it. " Mr. Barber: Not unless you put in a spe-cial provision. " Mr. Powers: You cannot put in a special provision that will take it to the courts. All you can do is to submit this to these five men, and from there they can go to the superin-tendent of instruction, and from him an appeal would lie to the Secretary of the Interior ; but you cannot go to the courts with it. " Mr. Barber : I may be wrong, but I never realized that Congress could not permit the question of possible abuse of power to be ap-pealed to the courts. " Mr. Abercrombie: Is not an appeal permis-sible from the decision of the Interstate Com-merce Commission to the courts? " Mr. Powers: A decision of any of these boards in these departments is a departmental decision, a political decision, and you cannot review their findings in the courts. " Mr. Abercrombie: Will you answer the question? Is not there an appeal from the de-cision of the Interstate Commerce Commission to the courts? Is not that possible? " Mr. Powers: That is a different proposi-tion ; but the Department of the Interior, the Department of Agriculture, and other depart-ments of the government are political depart-ments. You cannot appeal from the Secretary of Agriculture and go to the courts on any proposition. You cannot appeal from the Sec-retary of the Interior to the courts on any proppsition. " Mr. Fess: May I ask Mr. Powers this question? Appellate jurisdiction is not fixed by the Constitution, but as Congress shall de-cide. Now, why could not Congress provide for that appeal? "Mr. Powers : The three departments of the government Š executive, judicial, and legisla-tive Š are equally powerful and equally su-preme, and it is not in the mouth of Congress or in the power of Congress to pass a law of that character."Š Hearings on Federal Mo-tion Picture Commission, p. 182. Federal Guardianship of Public Health and Morals The bill to create a commission of five persons to censor all moving picture films, contains a provision that has an impor-tant relation to the Siegel and Fitzgerald postal bills. These bills purpose to keep from the mails so-called obscene, im-moral, and indecent publications. The language of section 5 of the film censor- Printing presses shall be subject to no other restraint than liableness to legal pros-ecution for false facts printed and published.Š Thomas Jefferson, 1783.  