8 LIBERTY The pope was greatly aroused over this successful move on the part of the bar-ons to secure a greater measure of lib-erty, and " in his rage he swore that, cost him what it would, he would never suf-fer their rashness to go unpunished." King John's request was granted. The pope " annulled the charter, absolved the king from his oath, and wrote to the barons commanding them to renounce what they had extorted from John, as the  rily represent the interests of the papacy. With these facts before us, we may properly make some inquiries. Does Mr. Cockran " realize " that, under the threat of having his kingdom taken from him and given to the king of France, Pope Innocent III compelled King John to sign a charter turning over to him the kingdom of England, thus making a free people vassals of a foreign potentate? Does Mr. Cockran " realize " that Pope Innocent III absolved King John from all obligations t o keep his oath to observe the provisions of Magna Charta in order that the people of England might be kept under the rule of the papacy? Does M r. Cockran " realize " that, acting under papal in-struction, Henry III attempted to annul the great charter? Does Mr. Cockran " realize " that Pope Alexander IV absolved King Henry from any obligation to grant the concessions which the barons had wrested from him, and that this absolution was confirmed by Pope Urban IV? Does Mr. Cockran " realize " that Pope Clement IV sent a legate to England with a bull of excommunication against the barons? Does Mr. Cockran " realize " that by every means possible known to the pa-pacy, the effort was repeatedly made to deprive the people of England of all the benefits and privileges conferred upon them by Magna Charta? It is true that the barons were Roman Catholics in religious faith. " They MAGNA CHARTA ISLAND IN THE RIVER THAMES On this island the representatives of King John and the representatives of the barons met and signed the famous charter only means of escaping the pontifical wrath." In the reign of Henry III, and again in the reign of Edward I, efforts were made with the co-operation of the then reigning popes to annul the charter, but the people successfully resisted these at-tempted encroachments upon their lib-erties. Archbishop Stephen Langton, the rep-resentative of the pope in England under King Tohn, to his everlasting credit, sym-patlii7e(1 with the barons in their efforts to save themselves from becoming the mere slaves of the Roman hierarchy. For this reason, he soon lost his standing with the pope, and a legate was sent to England who would more satisfacto- 