UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS, FOUNDED 1867, E. J. JAMES, PH. D., PRESIDENT From top to bottom, Auditorium, Woman's Building, Agricultural Hall, Natural History Hall. 30 LIBERTY also to close the gates of fairs. This is a great and worthy undertaking, and re-quires the united effort of all who are interested in preserving the sanctity of our Christian sab-bath. " I am planning to have three bills introduced at the next legislature, covering the items mentioned.. . . The different churches, in their representa-tive bodies, have indorsed and en-couraged this or-ganization. T h e late General Con-ference of the M. E. Church South gave a strong in-dorsement of the league." This is a typical case, showing one trend of modern religious effort. We are surprised to note the in-dorsement of this program by a Bap- t i s t periodical. Such legislation is distinctly religious and out of har- mony with the principles of relig- ious freedom so nobly proclaimed by Baptists. Are they falling away from their original beliefs regarding t h e freedom of conscience? W e also find the Bap- tists included among the fourteen re- ligious denominations constituting the American Sabbath Union. This union " has for its sole and only purpose the preservation of the Christian sabbath ; "  and this " preservation of the Christian sabbath " is to be done by law. Every secular or religious organization which endeavors to coerce a man into respecting a day, by a forced discon-tinuance of labor, against his will, is guilty o f taking money from him equivalent to the time of forced rest. Neither those call- ing for the law, nor t h e govern-ment which exe-cutes the law, com-pensates the man for his loss. Is there n o t some-thing wrong with this kind of legis-lation ? A doctor o f medicine m a y properly advise a patient to take a rest, but he never thinks of forcing him to abstain from labor, even though he should lose his life as a result of his failing to obey the doc-tor's counsel. Neither can a doc-t o r of divinity rightfully demand of a man that he observe a day set apart for rest by divine injunction, even though t h e transgressor lose both physical and spiritual life. The principle of forcing a man to rest at any time by either civil or ecclesiastical authority, is fundamentally wrong. Gov-ernments are ordained to protect men in their rights to labor and worship. Relig- 