LIBERTY 15 cing such laws. Under such rulers as Char-lemagne she compelled the people to be baptized, and to adopt the Christian relig-ion, and to go to church on Sunday, and stay there until the sermon was over. They were forbidden to travel, to cook victuals, to sweep the house, or shave on Sunday. Food for Sunday must be prepared the day previous. Milkmen were not allowed to cry their milk only during certain hours. In many places permission had to be obtained to bathe. Come down to the days of Napoleon and the Revolution and you see the mass of the people rise up against the very name of the Christian religion. They tore the name of Jesus Christ from every place where they saw it written ; they trampled it under their feet ; they did away with all religious laws of every kind, and declared that they would blot out the memory of the Christian relig-ion from the earth. They did away with Sunday and with the week of which it is a part, and instituted a cycle of ten days. Up to that time France had reckoned its time from the birth of Christ ; but now they said they would reckon time from the be-ginning of the French Republic. Sunday laws had much to do in bringing about this terrible reaction against Chris-tianity in France. The man who proposed this reactionary legislation, Raum by name, said he invented the idea to get rid of Sunday. In 126o it is said that a Jew fell into a pit on Saturday. His Jewish brethren would not take him out on that day because it was the Sabbath. The next day was Sunday, and the law would not allow them to take him out then, and on Monday morning he was dead. Do you think these things tended to make good government? ŠNo, they ripened into the French Revolu-tion; and such will be the fruit of a union of religion and the state and of religious legislation everywhere. Do not be deceived, therefore, by the cry that religious laws are necessary to good government. We have them here in Boston, and I appeal to you if you have ever seen a worse condition of affairs than has existed right here among the officers of this city during the last two months. We have had everything but tranquillity and peace. And what has been the cause of the trouble? Š The injustice and the persecuting character of the Sunday laws  and their enforcement. That has made criminals out of hundreds of inoffensive citizens. Upon the reverse side of the great seal of the United States, is this expression, " A new order of things." Let us never turn back to the old order of things. Let us preserve that Americanism that stands for what is civil in the state, and for what is Christian and religious in the church, but which will never unite the two. SECOND SESSION A Plea for Freedom of Conscience ADDRESS BY H. F. KETRING, OF SOUTH LAN-CASTER, MASS. THE second session of this convention was opened with prayer by Pastor Lee S. Wheeler, following which addresses were given as follows : Š The spirit of liberty still lives. This beautiful hall is maintained by the citizens of Boston in commemoration of liberty. In the year 1769 a meeting was held within these walls to protest against the oppressive measures of the crown government. To-night this representative meeting is held to protest in this same hall against the oppres-sive measures of the church. You, by your presence here this evening declare that you want the conscience free; that you will net have it fettered and enslaved to creed and dogma. You say that you claim for your-self the right to worship God according to the dictates of your own conscience, and not, as it is now being put by some modern religionists, according to the dictates of a good conscience, assuming, of course, that their conscience is good, and that all other consciences that differ from theirs are bad consciences. Every man has a right to believe that his conscience is good, and he has a right to worship God according to the dictates of that conscience. Our Pilgrim forefathers left their homes in the Old World, where they were op-pressed, where they were creed-bound, to go to the New World, of which they had heard, but of which they knew little. They landed three hundred years ago on these inhospitable shores. It was their purpose to establish a state without a king and a church without a pope. But it was not long after until the very same spirit of persecution and tyranny began to appear 