CITIZENS OF ARGENTINA WHO FOLLOW THEIR FAITH THROUGH TRIBULATION was most severely beaten by members of the for permitting Protestant ministers to hold meet- The man sitting " orthodox " church ings in his house. 44 LIBERTY public is the expression of truth : it is the personification of democracy. " The republic, when it exercises the right of compelling in religion, is unre-lenting, and that too in matters which do not Łconcern its object (which is purely human) ; disowns the doctrine of liberty of worship, which is contrary to the ex-istence of an official church, and blots in a certain way 'the principle of equality, according to which there ought not to be privileged classes, nor privileged interests within the state. " In effect : When the national consti-tution permits the union of the state with the church, it stimulates disunion in its citizens for religious interests, and de- Łposits in their hearts the germ of civil war, perchance also the fomenting of fa-naticism and delinquency. . . . " As in all countries, there are frivo-lous men to whom the gravest social and political problems are things of little mo-ment. I well know that they will say, ' The union of state and church does not inconvenience us, neither does it disturb us for the future. The separation will come when the opportunity arrives.' " Those who judge thus think wrongly of the subject with which I am occupied. The union of the state and the church does inconvenience, because it is, in the first place, an onerous burden, because it punishes the forces of conscience and the interests of society, and equally dis-turbs for the future, because the church is a parasite that lives at the expense of the tree of liberty. . . . As to the oppor- tunity, time for it is already here. When o n e definitely adopts the representa-tive democratic regime as a form of govern-ment, the church should remain eliminated as an institution. To retain it as a national institution is incongruous in a re-public. " In various republics exist Catholic parties that always have been and always are in con-flict with the civil power, and this conflict will continue while exists the union of the state with the church. "In the United States there never has been an official church to regret having i t s ancient metropolis. The English who immigrated to North America brought in their conscience their free beliefs, and in their heart the love of liberty. Persecuted in their native coun-try for their religious faith, they came to people virgin soil, where they might be able to build new altars for their worship and a new country for their sons. But what must this writer think, if he understands that there is under headway a mighty effort in the United States to condemn and sacrifice this precious boon? I believe some people in the United States may heed counsel from a country that is suffering theŁ inevitable conse-quences of church and state union. Buenos Aires, Argentina. the 