JUDGE DANIEL T. WRIGHT Who rendered the decision in the case against the officers of the American Federation of Labor for contempt of court LIBERTY As a result of the refusal of the Bucks Stove and Range Company to yield to certain demands of its union employees, the Federation of Labor, in March, 1907, declared a boycott against that company. and published its name on the " unfair " list and the " we don't patronize " list of its official organ. The Federation of Labor then entered on an active cam-paign to cause tradesmen to cease handling the Bucks stoves and ranges, and to compel in-dividual members of the Federation to withdraw their patronage from any firm that handled the stoves and ranges man-ufactured by the boycotted concern. Thus was institu-ted a boycott not of one firm only, but of every firm in the country that would not submit to the dictation of the American Fed-eration of Labor, and help to ruin the Bucks Stove and Range Com-pany. A suit was brought by the stove company to enjoin the Federation from continuing the boycott. After a hearing in the case, Judge Gould, of the Supreme Court of the District of Colum-bia, issued the injunction on the ground that such a boycott was in itself a viola-tion of law. It is a matter of interest that in Judge Gould's decision there is quoted the following definition of the word " boycott," as given by Judge (now President-Elect) William H. Taft in 1893:Š "A boycott is a combination of many to cause a loss to one person by coercing others, against their will, to withdraw  from him their beneficial business inter-course, through threats that, unless those others do so, the many will cause serious loss to them. . . . Boycotts, though un-accompanied by violence or intimidation, have been pronounced unlawful in every State of the United States where the question has arisen, unless in Minne-sota; and they are held to be unlawful in England." In addition to this the Supreme Court of the United States has decided that the boycott is a viola-tion of the Sher-m a n Anti-trust Law, because it is an action in re-straint of trade. That this particular boycott did seek to restrain trade, both State and inter-state, can not be de-nied, and that not of one firm but of many, and not only to restrain, but to crush out, if neces-sary to its purpose. The case was de-cided Dec. 17, 1907 ; but the in-junction d i d not issue until six days later, when the requisite bond was filed by the plaintiff. Between these two dates a large number of copies of a pamphlet were sent out by the Federa-tion, in which the Bucks Stove and Range Company appeared on the " unfair " list. it being the purpose of the Federation officials to get as many as possible of these pamphlets into the mails before the injunction should issue. Of course the Federation officials knew that many of these pamphlets, in which the boy-cotted stove company is named as " un-fair," would be delivered after the in-junction was issued, and it is Judge 