70 LIBERTY Vice-President Marshall John the revelator continues : " After these things I heard a great voice of much people in heaven, sayipg, Alleluia; Sal-vation, and glory, and honor, and power, unto the Lord our God : . . . for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth." Rev. 19 :1-6. We are not left in darkness and uncer-tainty as to the final outcome of the  great struggle between the forces of good and evil during the past six millenniums. In this great conflict between right and wrong, between truth and error, between freedom and bondage, between Christ and Satan, God will ultimately triumph over all his foes and deliver his afflicted from the bondage of tyranny " into the glorious liberty of the children of God." Every one who enlists under the blood-stained banner of the Prince of Peace and Life, and stands for right and truth and justice, will triumph with God and his Christ, to whom all the kingdoms of this world shall be given at the last great day of the restitution of all things. That glad day and event is the hope and re-ward of the weary pilgrim of earth ; and the portentous omens in the world clearly indicate that we are hastening on apace to that sublime event. The great pro-phetic train is traveling on schedule time and is moving rapidly toward its des-tined goal. This is no time to lose courage or faith in God, though human remedies and pan-aceas will prove futile and human staffs break and pierce our hands, for we have an anchor to the soul that is " both sure and steadfast." The world is not with-out hope, but it has only one hope, and that is the coming of the Prince of Peace, who will deliver " every one that shall be found written in the book." .,——.....——Lv.—.,,,...,..,,..,,,,,,..—.,,,—,,,......—...24,24,......,,,..,.. ,,,, ,>.. Court Is Petitioned to Prevent 4-.' Popular Vote on Sunday Laws -4,-,--vol,Aoriiiiri, --,117,worif -,w-vi-.-ii.- a  V V V iitiiiitiWiiiititiVaititigniFittaiiiitQaWilitilitit-tiiitiaii THE Maryland Legislature at its late session repealed the antiquated Sunday blue laws of Maryland, and re-enacted new statutes upon the subject, allowing each community and munici-pality in the State to submit the question of Sunday moving pictures and other prohibitions to a vote of the people on  the referendum. The Lord's Day Alli-ance has filed a petition in the Court of Appeals of Maryland for a writ of man-damus to prevent the supervisors of elec-tions from making arrangements to sub-mit Sunday movies for decision by popular vote at the election in November, as provided by the legislature. 