LIBERTY 41 against that liberty of conscience which is one of the foundations of American life. You are entitled to know whether a man seeking your suffrages is a man of clean and upright life, honorable in all his dealings with his fellows, and fit by qualification and purpose to do well in the great office for which he is a candidate ; but you are not entitled to know matters which lie purely between himself and his NI aker. " If it is proper or legitimate to oppose a man for being a Unitarian, as was John Quincy Adams, for instance ; as is the Rev. Edward Everett Hale, at the present moment chaplain of the Senate and an American of whose life all good Amer-icans are proud, then it would be equally proper to support or oppose a man be-cause of his views on justification by faith, or the method of administering the sacrament, or the gospel of salvation by works. If you once enter on such a ca-reer, there is absolutely no limit at which you can legitimately stop. Creed of No Moment " So much for your objection to Mr. Taft because he is a Unitarian. Now for your objections to him because you think his wife and brother to be Roman Catholics. As it happens, they are not ; but if they were, or if he were a Roman Catholic himself, it ought not to affect in the slightest degree any man's sup-porting him for the position of president. " You say that the mass of the vot-ers that are not Catholics will not sup-port a man for any office, especially for president of the United States, who is a Roman Catholic.' I believe that when you say this, you foully slander your fel-low countrymen. I do not for one mo-men believe that the mass of our fellow citizens, or that any considerable number of our fellow citizens, can be influenced by such narrow bigotry as to refuse to vote for any thoroughly upright and fit man because he happens to have a par-ticular religious creed. No Political Consideration " Such a consideration should never  be treated as a reason for either sup-porting or opposing a candidate for a political office. Are you aware that there are several States in this Union where the majority of the people are now Cath-olics? I should condemn in the severest terms the Catholics who in those States (or in any other States) refused to vote for the most fit man because he hap-pened to be a Protestant, and my con-demnation would be exactly as severe for Protestants who, under reversed cir-cumstances, refused to vote for a Cath-olic. " In public life I am happy to say that I have known many men who were elected and constantly re-elected to office in districts where the great majority of their constituents were of a different re-ligious belief. Says Slander is Refuted " I know Catholics who have for many years represented constituencies mainly Protestant, and Protestants who have for many years represented constituen-ries mainly Catholic ; and among the congressmen whom I know particularly well was one man of Jewish faith, who represented a district in which there were hardly any Jews at all. All of these men by their very existence in political life re- fute the slander you have uttered against your fellow Americans. " I believe that this republic will en-dure for many centuries. If so, there will doubtless be among its presidents, Prot-estants and Catholics, and very probably, at some time, Jews. I have consistently tried while president to act in relation to my fellow Americans of Catholic faith as I hope that any future presi-dent who happens to be a Catholic will act toward his fellow Americans of Prot-estant faith. Had I followed any other course, I should have felt that I was unfit to represent the American people. Different Faiths in Cabinet " In my cabinet at the present time there sit side by side Catholic and Prot-estant, Christian and Jew, each man chosen because, in my belief, he is ,pecul- 