6 LIBBRT Y out more fiercely, or the path of a new government been rendered more difficult. The House of Commons has passed the bill, but the Lords and the bishops are deter-minedly against it. The latter characterize the bill as " pure robbery," an attempt to " crush the church of England." The Cath-olics declared that the passage of the bill " would drive Catholics to war." The Times declares, " It is a bill 'to force the country into a period of religious war." The  Sunday observance, at which all the churches, including the Roman Catholic. were represented." The Prince and Prin-cess of Wales also are showing their active interest in the movement for stricter Sun-day observance. It is reported that the churches are thoroughly aroused to make a stand against " Sunday desecration." A joint committee of the House of Com-mons and the House of Lords has issued a report on Sunday trading. The commit- 1-TOUSES OF PARLIAMENT, LONDON chief exponents of the bill are the " passive resisters," many of whom have, during the past four years, seen their property confis-cated, that religious instruction .which they did not believe might be given in the public schools. By the new law all religious test,  will be abolished in determining the quali-fication of teachers, and the only religious instruction given in the public schools will be given by the clergy, and that without expense to the state. Attendance upon these classes will not be compulsory. When the bill came before the House of Lords an amendment was added, making attend-ance upon religious exercises compulsory in all the elementary schools. As this would frustrate the whole purpose of the bill, it is evident that there will be a bitter struggle over the matter before a settle-ment is reached. A conference was recently held in Lon-don in the interests of the " old fashioned  tee is convinced of the great importance of maintaining Sunday as a day of rest." In the minds of many, the disestablish-ment of the Church of England has been brought nearer by the recent governmental inquiry into the matter of church discipline, ritualism, etc. The committee to look into these matters was appointed in 1904, and its report is now public. It found very many deviations from the legal forms of worship, especially in the matter of com-munion service, in which there was a striking imitation of the ceremonies of the Roman Catholic Church. The committee rec-ommends an appeal to parliament in the matter. Parliament, as at present constituted, is largely made up of non-conformists, and these will be called upon to regulate the rites and ceremonies and vestments which shall be legal in the Church of England. Such are the inconsistencies of a union of rKurch and state. 