LIBERTY 25 and make the law of God the basis of the national code. That element has been bringing persistent pressure to bear upon congressmen to induce them to pass laws in harmony with that purpose. They have gone so far as to threaten with political beheadal those statesmen who would not yield to them in this matter. To show that these statements are not founded upon fiction, that a strong move-ment has been in progress for years to have just such a law enacted by the national government, I quote a few ut-terances from leaders in that movement, which show the actuating motive behind this and all other proposed Sunday laws : Š " Let those who will, remember the Sabbath to keep it holy, from motives of love and obedience ; the remnant must be made to do so through fear of law. We have no option."Š Christian Nation. " Give us good Sunday laws, well en-forced by men in local authority, and our churches will be full of worshipers, and our young men and women will be attracted to the divine service. A mighty combination of the churches of the United States could win from Con-gress, the State legislatures, and munic-ipal councils, all legislation essential to this splendid result."ŠRev. S. V. Leech, D. D., Denver, Colo., November, 1892. " We propose to incorporate in our national Constitution the moral and re-ligious command, ' In it (the Sabbath) thou shalt do no work ' except the works of necessity, and by external force of sheriffs we propose to arrest and punish all violators of this law."Š Rev. M. A. Gault. " Constitutional laws punish for false money, weights, and measures. So Con-gress must establish a standard of relig-ion, or admit anything called religion." ŠProf. C. A. Blanchard. " Our remedy for all these malefic in-fluences is to have the government simply set up the moral law, and rec-ognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does  not conform to it"Š Rev. M. A. Gault. " We want state and religion ; and we are going to have it."Š Jonathan Edwards, D. D. These quotations Š only a few of many that could be given Š show the purpose of a strong religious organiza-tion in this country to commit the nation to a course diametrically opposed to the fundamental principles of the national government, but in perfect harmony with the bill above quoted. That organ-ization has worked industriously to that end since the year 1864. The object held before it by its leaders during all these years has been the enactment of relig-ious legislation by the federal govern-ment which would make effective the religious laws of the several States. That " mighty combination of the churches " of which Rev. S. V. Leech speaks in the above quotation has been effected, and has begun to make its de-mands known to our national legislators. The ten bills introduced into Congress last year, providing for the establish-ment of a religious observance by law, are indicative of the increased pressure being brought to bear upon congressmen by the " combination " above mentioned. The avowed purpose of that " com-bination " is to make the nation the enforcer of a religious ordinance or ob-servance, and that ordinance or observ-ance is the Sunday sabbath. The bill above quoted proposes the enforcement of that religious ordinance or observance Š the Sunday sabbath Š by the national government. A more complete and cate-gorical answer to the demands of that " combination " could not be formulated, unless it be in the matter of eliminating the exceptions. But exceptions can al-ways be eliminated after the passage of a bill. It is easier to eliminate objec-tionable exceptions from a palpably in-iquitous law and allow the law to remain, than it is to pass such a law in the first place without these exceptions which made its passage possible. The title of the bill is : "An Act for the Proper Observance of Sunday as a 