American Principles in the Balance SANFORD B. HORTON REFERENCE has been made in these col-umns to the Post-office Appropriation Bill, introduced in the last Congress, which contains a provision for the com-pulsory closing of post-offices of the first and second classes on Sunday, so far as the delivering of mail to the general pub-lic is concerned. July 23 the Senate Committee on Post-offices reported the bill (H. R. 21279) to the Senate with favorable recommendations as to the Sunday-closing proviso, in the following language : Š " In making appropriations for the compensation of postmasters and clerks, the House bill provides that post-offices of the first and second classes shall not be opened on Sunday, but that this pro-vision shall not prevent the prompt de-livery of special-delivery mail. The Sen-ate committee joins in recommending the adoption of this provision. " While it is true that Sunday closing of post-offices of the third and fourth classes would greatly inconvenience the people in rural communities who are ac-customed to go to town on Sunday and get their mail, this inconvenience is not felt by patrons of first- and second-class offices, who are almost entirely residents of cities. In a large number of first-and second-class offices, the distribution and delivery of mail, either at windows or from boxes, has been discontinued Łal-ready, and without any material com-plaint from the people. " It has been suggested by some that the provision be changed so as to permit the delivery of mail for one hour, or for delivery of mail through boxes on Sun-day ; but on a moment's reflection, it will be readily apparent that -the delivery of any portion of the mail for any portion of the day necessitates handling and dis-tributing the entire mail, and, conse-quently, the employment of a consider-able number of clerks, thus defeating the purpose to be accomplished. We believe that so long as the law applies to all alike  and does not permit one man to secure his mail while denying it to others, this provision, which insures post-office clerks one day's rest in seven, is a wise one, and should be adopted. Senders of mail reaching its destination on Sunday can insure prompt delivery by affixing a spe-cial-delivery stamp." This magazine has also placed before its readers the fact that while opposed to the enactment of Sunday laws by Congress, it does not wish to be under-stood as opposing the granting of one day's rest in seven to employees of the Post-office Department. But it has been clearly and definitely suggested that a vital principle of church-and-state rela-tionship is involved in making this a mat-ter of legislation. During the Eleventh Congress (1811) petitions were received by that body from the Synod of Pittsburgh " praying that the laws and regulations for the govern-ment of the post-office establishment may be so altered and amended as to prohibit mail-stages and post-riders from travel-ing, and post-offices being kept open, on Sundays." Similar petitions were intro-duced in subsequent Congresses until the present time, but the uniform practise of Congress has been to recommend un-favorable action on the petitions. The subject of compulsory closing of post-offices and post-road service on Sunday received very careful attention in the Twentieth and Twenty-first Congresses. It was decided by both the Senate and the House of Representatives of those two Congresses that to grant favorable con-sideration to such petitions as above re-ferred to would involve a violation of the principles upon which the American gov-ernment was founded. The reports to these two Congresses have been referred to many times in this magazine, and it will not be necessary to reiterate that which is doubtless well known. One point, however, ought to be referred to in the report communicated to the 165 