42 LIBERTY to the purpose. . . . While not despising the respectable traditions of olden days, you have boldly traced out your own route,Š a very modern route,Š through the noble debris of the past. " In the matter of religious liberty, your work was the more deserving as your great Puritan ancestors, beginning with the ' blue-laws' of New England, thought to found their ideal society on an absolute confession in the political and religious arenas. But into this very re-ligious arena itself, reform had brought her fertile seed of the New World,Š lib-erty,Š and with your care the little grain pushed down its timid roots, and spread out toward the sky a frail stem from among the wild rocks of New England. A century and more has passed since then, and now the tree extends its majes-tic branches over an immense civilized continent." Thus through the influence of liberty-loving America, there exists to-day the same religious liberty in Turkey as in the United States; France has divorced the church from the state; Switzerland en-joys religious freedom; Portugal has shaken off her ecclesiastical fetters; even Roman Catholic Spain is struggling toward the light ; and the oppressive band of civil and religious intolerance has been removed to quite an extent from the necks of the people. Fearing the loss of their subjects, through em-igration to free America, the autocratic rulers of Europe have loosened their grip upon the minds and consciences of their subjects. It is to be hoped Amer-ica may remain true to the principles on which the nation was founded, and con-tinue to be a beacon-light to all nations. " Probably the best test of true love of liberty in any country is the way in which minorities are treated in that country. Not only should there be com-plete liberty in matters of religion and. opinion, but complete liberty for each man to lead his life as he desires, pro-vided only that in so doing he does not wrong his neighbor." It was one of the crowning acts of our forefathers that separated religion from the state. It has helped to make us one of the greatest nations which. ever existed. The value of the divine principle of liberty is even to-day so well recognized, at least in theory, that various religious sects clamor for the credit supposed to be due them for se-curing this liberty to our country. The Baptists and Presbyterians each claim to have been the guardians of religious freedom in Virginia; Roman Catholics seek to prove their loyalty to American principles by citing the establishment of the Maryland colony. However, we are not so much con- cerned about the question as to who receive the glory for establishing religious liberty in this country as we are about the problem as to who is going to uphold the principle of liberty to-day. Nearly every religious body in this country is now endeavoring to se-cure some sort of religious legislation. When religious practises or tenets are enacted into law, it is clear enough that the beliefs of the minority when they conflict with the statutes, will not be respected. As Colonel Roosevelt stated, the test of liberty is found in the manner in which minorities are treated. To pass any law enforcing any religious measure would make it im-possible for us to stand unblushingly the test stated by the colonel. No such law can be enacted even if unanimously de-manded, without infringing liberty; for even those who demand it and enact it have a moral right to change their minds on religious questions ; and to do so after passing such legislation would be to make themselves lawbreakers. Roosevelt on Liberty C. E. HOLMES ONE of the addresses delivered by Mr. Roosevelt on his return from Africa was given at the Sorbonne, Paris. It is said by many to have been the crowning speech of his life. His statements re-garding liberty are worthy of notice : Š 