LIBERTY 151 hibiting the opening of barber shops on Sunday in the Georgetown section of the District apply to the entire District of Columbia; but the commissioners have decided that the law can apply only to Georgetown. However, it is reported that the District of Columbia heads will prepare a bill for introduction into Con-gress, providing for the application of the Sunday-closing law for barbers to the entire District. Only for the fact that the town clock of Camden, N. J., struck the hour of midnight a little ahead of time, two poor fishermen would have had to pay fines of one hundred dollars each, and have had their boats and shad-nets confiscated. The game warden claimed that they began fishing four minutes before twelve o'clock on Sunday night. However, they were compelled to pay the cost of their own prosecution, even though the court held them innocent in the eyes of the law. So much for justice when the state as-sumes to enforce religious laws. The members of the Lutheran Church in Washington, the Interdenominational Missionary Union, and the Woman's Home and Foreign Missionary Society have united in asking President Taft to prevent work on public buildings in Washington on Sunday. The barbers of Indianapolis are required to take out a license on the grounds of necessary san-itary precautions ; now they have been ordered to close on Sunday, the argu-ment being that the city has no right to license Sunday labor. There is prospect that the case may be taken to the Supreme Court. At Beaver Falls, Pa., an Italian grocer has been fined four dol-lars and costs for hauling sod on Sun-day. He chose the alternative of spend-ing six days in jail rather than paying the fine. On August 4 both houses of the Connecticut Legislature passed a bill re-pealing what are known as the Connect-icut Sunday blue-laws. In Montgomery  County, Maryland, there has been un-usual activity for several months on the part of the sheriff of the county in en-forcing the Maryland blue-laws. The sheriff has announced it as his intention to enforce all the provisions of that relic of state-churchism. Some arrests have followed the activities of the sheriff. Similar activity has been manifested at Melrose, Mass., and great indignation has been expressed by the citizens who have been in the habit of doing a little gardening in their back yards on Sun-day. Threats of arrest may drive these gardeners to church, but there is nothing in their present attitude which would in-dicate such a result. There has been a strong effort on the part of the church-and-state element in both Oregon and California to have the matter of Sun-day legislation and Sunday enforcement come before the people for direct vote on the plan of legislation known as the initiative and referendum. Reports in-dicate that the effort will not succeed at the present time. In Germany In that portion of Germany which was taken from France during the war of 1870-71, Alsace-Lorraine, the authorities are enforcing upon the priests the re-quirement ofŁ joining in the maneuvers of the army. Priests who have protested and threatened to bring the matter be-fore higher authorities, have been im-prisoned. The German nation is now facing a most serious problem. Social-ism is making rapid strides, and a contin-ued increase of its progress would soon make it the dominant factor in German politics. Opposed to that progress stands Roman Catholicism ; but Roman Catholicism also proposes to dominate German politics. The Center Party is the party of Romanism, and a portion of that party has been seeking to maintain its independence of Rome in political matters ; but the Vatican has spoken, ma- 