LIBERTY 113 equity can be claimed against the govern-ment that would prevent the issuance of Circular No. 601. There has been no lack on the part of the government of notice of its attitude. For forty years it has been giving repeated and unmis-takable expression of its determination to conduct the Indian schools as purely national schools, free Š as are all other American schools Š from the injection, consciously or unconsciously, of any sec-tarian element. The facts of the contract-school system can scarcely be urged in this connection. At best, that system never had more than the semblance of legislative authority ; and from the public utterances of re-sponsible government officials, it has been clear from the beginning that the system was never recognized as anything but an expedient. As early as 1890, notice was given the churches by the In-dian Office that no contracts would be entered into with schools thereafter opened, while in 1899 Congress expressly declared that no further public moneys should be devoted to any sectarian schools. Further, so far as the expendi-tures incurred by the church have any bearing, there can be no ground for the assertion of an equity ; for the church, so far from being the loser, has received more in money and land grants than it itself contributed. It may be true that some of the schools at which the teachers in question are engaged, were established at the expense of the church. But if there were no other reason, the theory reported to have been expressed, for ex-ample, by the director of the Bureau of Catholic Indian Missions, in an address in 1909 at the Catholic University, that it is the mission of the church not only to keep in its faith the Catholic Indian population, but also to convert Protes-tants as well as pagans, and the theory that Catholic schools are indispensable aids to missions, leave no room for a contention that the United States is under any obligation toward these schools. With this expressed ideal of the mission authorities, their attitude toward govern- ment Indian schools is consistent. In the last report of the Bureau of Catholic Indian Missions, opposite a statement that in 1910 there were 207 less Catholic Indian pupils in government schools than in 1909, stands the note : " It will be observed that the minus sign may denote a gain, or vice versa." It is only with hesitation and reluc-tance that these views are referred to at all. It ought to be inconceivable that they should have been held in this era of our national life. The government can not afford to run the risk of being in the position of giving its direct and active support to the attainment of the ideal set forth in the attitude of mission authorities ; for the principle of the sepa-ration of church and state " is imperative wherever American jurisdiction extends, and no modification or shading thereof can be a subject of discussion." The Peculiar Relation Between the Govern-ment and the Indian So far, nothing has been said of what must be regarded as one of the most important factors to be considered if any adequate appreciation of the problem is to be had. It is urged in varying form that there are no complaints or objections made by the Indians against the display of religious garb in the schools. This is said to show that there is no necessity or reason for the order. Such an attitude must be considered as quite beside the point. Apart from the fact that the argument would assert that what is illegal may be ignored because interested persons do not complain, it discloses a fundamental mis-conception of the peculiar relation exist-ing between the government and the In-dians. The Indians have been said to be the " wards of the government," and in more than a figurative sense they are. Without voice on their part, the govern-ment has undertaken the task of bringing them as a race to what we regard as manhood's estate. It has undertaken to bring to them the blessings of civiliza-tion. And as Congressional declarations, (Concluded on page 13o) 