LIBERTY 7 American nations recognize the Pope's temporal power by maintaining diplomatic representatives at Rome accredited to the Vatican. The Latin-American diplomats in Washington are probably Roman Catholics, in name at least, and their presence at a service of their own church was natural enough. But, whether the American people recognize the fact or not, the people of France, Spain, Portu-gal, and Italy know that the material and political greatness of this republic is due to the essentially Protestant principles upon which all her institutions are founded, and that the immense differ-ence between North America and South America in progressiveness is due chiefly to the open Bible and our political sys-tem built upon it. Good ground will they have for amazement that, while they are struggling to reach the liberties possessed by this country, political expediency should cause the head of our government to do homage Š in appearance, at least Š to the very despotism against which they are in rebellion. One year ago this function was insti-tuted in Washington, and we predicted at the time that it would take on the na-ture of a perennial performance, the President's attendance being used as a precedent to govern the course of other presidents through the years to come. The purpose of the hierarchy in establish-ing such an institution is sufficiently ap-parent without elucidation 'by us. If there is to be no church and state union here, no religious organization should make the national government an agency for promulgating its dogmas. The presi-dency of the United States ought not to be counted by any religious organization as a missionizing asset. The organiza-tion which does so discredits the highest office in the gift of the people. Ł--ŁŁŁŁ-Ł  Hard to Learn SPEAKING of the church in its relations to the state, W. R. William, in the West-ern Recorder (Baptist) of Jan. 20, 1910, says: Š Pillories, dungeons, racks, scaffolds, and inquisitions have been invoked to es-tablish the cause of him who declared his own kingdom not one of this world. . . . Some in our days have seen the evil of religious persecution, and yet have been unwilling to relinquish all national es-tablishments, lest national ungodliness should be the result. They would have the state, by a strange impartiality, widen its establishment, varying its motley creeds and rituals according to the likings of its subjects. But they could furnish no test by which statesmen might be held to select and to establish only the true religion. Britain has thus subsidized Episcopacy in England, and Presby-terianism in Scotland, and has by more than one of her statesmen threatened to add to the staff of her ecclesiastical pen-sioners, by endowing Romanism in Ire-land. By some of her Indian placemen she has contributed to the festivals of Juggernaut, foul and bloody as they are ; and she has cashiered Protestant soldiers for refusing, in Malta, to share in the processions that gave to the mass idol-atrous honor. Catholic France pays sal-aries to the Romish priest, the Protestant pastor, and the Jewish rabbi. Now a faith thus elastic, indiscriminate, and all-devouring can not honor God, or rightly develop conscience. Parity of reasoning would require it to extend salaries and subsidies to the impurities and defile-ments of Mohammedanism and Mormon-ism, should votaries of either delusion, in sufficient numbers, colonize its soil ; and would even demand its patronage for the human sacrifices of Hinduism, and the cannibal feasts of New Zealand. Mr. William shows, in a word, the result of governmental establishments of religion. They must rest upon the will of the people, upon the decision of ma-jority rule; and this sort of religion en-tirely eliminates God from the question. When the matters of conscience become questions of political rule, or must be determined by the will of the majority, it makes religion a matter of caprice and mere human opinion and human control. How much better it is to recognize relig-ion as the personal relationship existing 