CONSTITUTION or TRE UNITED STATES - FIRST AMENDMENT Š Congress shall make NO LAW respecting an ESTAB- LISHMENT of RELIGION ORBITING the FREE EXERCISE the A PERTINENT INQUIRY Š IS IT CONSTITUTIONAL ? LIBERTY 41 An Austrian Recognizes America's Influence Modern writers in Europe have also borne testimony to the tremendous in- fluence for liberty exerted by America upon the nations of the Old World, but not all of them commend that influence. In the year 1828, for example, the cele-brated Frederick Schlegel, " one of the most distinguished men of Europe," de-livered lectures at Vi-enna, on " The Philos-ophy of History." At the close of his seven-teenth lecture (Vol. II, page 286), he speaks thus of America : Š " The true nursery of all these destructive principles, the revolu-tionary school f o r France and the rest of Europe, has been North America. Thence the evil has spread over many other lands, either by natural contagion or by arbitrary communica-tion." This eminent Cath-olic lived for years in Vienna as secretary of the court and coun-selor of legation. And it was largely through his influence that there was formed in Austria a society known by the innocent name of the " St. Leo-pold Foundation," the true purpose of which was to carry out the well-laid plans of the Holy Alliance, of Europe, to subvert and destroy American liberties and free institutions. This plot was laid bare by our American ambassador at Rome, the distinguished Prof. Samuel F. B. Morse, inventor of the electric telegraph, who, under the signature of Brutus," published a series of articles in the New York Observer, in the year 1834, under the title of " A Foreign Conspiracy Against the Liberties of the United States." In 1836 these articles  were republished in book form, by Van Nostrand & Dwight, N. Y. France's Premier Testifies The recent testimony of the leaders of the French nation shows that France still looks to America as her example. especially in the matter of the separation of church and state. In the Cosmopoli-tan, for November, 19os, for instance, Georges Clemenceau, a French senator, and at one time premier, writes thus in an article giving " the government view " of the " separation of church and state in France." Addressing the American peo-ple, he says : Š " Your destiny was to work freely on a cleared and open field at an epoch when the chief data of modern society were al-ready being evolved. You have begun afresh, from one end to another, whereas the old European nations continued to work on the ancient foundations, lop-ping, and patching up the shreds of dis-credited institutions, completing them with new portions more or less adapted 