LIBERTY LIBERTY A Magazine of Religious Freedom Set for the Defense of the Rights of Conscience, and threfore opposed to a Union of Church and State in name or in fact WASIIINGTON, D. C., FIRST QUARTER, 191I Subscription Price - 25 cents a year No Subscriptions accepted for less than one year Organ of the Religious Liberty Association Published Quarterly by REVIEW GII1 HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. C. M. SNOW - - EDITOR K. C. RUSSELL / ASSOCIATE EDITORS W. A. COLCORD Editorial Contributors W. W. Prescott, W. A. Spicer, G. B. Thompson, A. J. S. Bourdeau, B. G. Wilkinson (Washington, D. C.); L. A. Smith, C. P. Bollman, P. T. Megan (Tennessee); J. 0. Corliss, W. M. Healey (California); E. T. Russell (Nebraska); C. S. Longacre (Massachusetts); J. G. Lamson (Min-nesota); S. B. Horton (New York); W. T. Bartlett (England); Jean Vuilleumier (France); A. W. Ander-son (Australia); E. W. Thomann (Chile); E. F. Forga (Peru). Entered as second-class matter, May 1, 1906, at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. THE International Reform Bureau, that most active agency in the enactment and enforcement of religious laws in this country, is to have a two-hundred-fifty-thousand-dollar home in the city of Washington, D. C. IN our last issue we promised a fur-ther report on the case of religious per-secution which recently occurred at Colonial Beach, Va., where an observer of the seventh-clay Sabbath was arrested and fined for doing honest labor on the first day of the week to the disturbance of no one. A friend whose sense of jus-tice was outraged by the occurrence paid the fine without the knowledge or ap-proval of this persecuted Christian. That persecution was the real object of the prosecutor was demonstrated by his ad-mission that he would not cause the ar-rest of any one save a Sabbath-keeper  for working on Sunday. The spirit of the Dark Ages still lives, and " eternal vigilance " is still " the price of liberty." THIS magazine is sent out only on pre-paid orders. Any one receiving this journal who has not personally sub-scribed for it, may know, therefore, that some friend has subscribed for him; that the price has been paid ; that he will not be asked to pay for it ; and that at the end of the time specified on the label, the journal will be stopped unless ordered renewed, and the order paid for in ad-vance. WE are glad to acknowledge every manifestation of a desire on the part of those in authority to recognize the re-ligious rights of men. Such a manifes-tation was given by the board of man-agers of the National Soldiers' Home for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers, as evidenced by the following communication from the board of managers to the managers of the Pacific Branch : Š Pacific Branch National Soldiers' Home for Disabled Volunteer Soldiers : Pursuant to authority of the president of board of managers, dated Nov. 1o, 191o, members of Pacific Branch desiring to observe Saturday as the Sabbath, who are members of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, are relieved from all duty that conflicts with this observance. Members who avail themselves of the provisions of this order will be required to have their beds properly prepared for Saturdays, and all other inspections in barracks at such time in advance as not to conflict with their observance of said Sabbath. They will report at headquarters at 9 A. m. on Fridays for inspection. One of the veterans who benefits by this just order, says : Š We praise the Lord for this, and thank our home management and the president of the board of management, also Elder K. C. Russell, who interceded for us. Now we can freely attend our Sabbath service. 