140 LIBERTY will offer for a drink. The early morn-ing watch usually gets that kind Šfel-lows desperate for a drink to ' brace up ' after a night's debauch. I give away many drinks during that time of the day if there is a chance to get them to go home. They offer clothes, jewelryŠanything for a drink. " There was one fellow who made me sick of the entire business, and of some human beings. He came into the bar where I was then employed, carrying in his arms one of the prettiest little girls I ever saw, about three years old. He put the child on the bar and told her to ask me to give him a drink. She said, ' Please give father a drink,' and smiled. He had taught her that. I saw he al-ready had been drinking, and refused. Then he told the little girl to sing for a drink. Finally I was so disgusted that I walked away, and he grew angry, pulled a tiny ring off the baby's finger, and offered to leave it as security for the drink. That is where I turned loose. I told him I had met low persons and disgusting ones, but he reached the limit; and I informed him of my intention to tell the police. I looked him up to see what I could do. His wife had divorced him, but the court permitted him to have the baby one day a week, and he was using her to help him get drinks. He was arrested some time later for stand-ing in a doorway while she begged on the sidewalk." Truth About Liquor LET us go this road though we go alone. Let us lift our hands and loose our tongues and tell the truth about this foe of humankind. Let us tell the truth about it, aye, tell the truth! Tell it,Š Until its wickedness shall be laid bare ; Until the poverty it creates shall cease to be; Until the pauperism it produces shall disappear; Until its wrongs to womanhood and its injustice to childhood shall be ex-posed; Until almshouses and hospitals shall be no longer needed to house the defectives it creates; Until jails and prisons shall be emptied of its victims ; Until the insanity it begets shall cloud the intellects of men no more; Until the crime it impels shall no longer be laid upon the souls of men ; Until murder shall stop its riot and arson its carnival ; Until men shall see it with the blood upon its naked, knotted hands ; Until fathers cease to neglect their off-spring ; Until mothers need fear no more for the children they bear ; Until this republic shall become a sa-loonless land, its flag a stainless emblem. Š Hon. J. Frank Hanly. Important Notice To All Lovers of Liberty! Please read carefully the " Petition to Congress " on the opposite page. Fill in the blank spaces, start the list with your own name, and secure as many other signatures as possible. If there aye not enough lines on this petition blank for signatures, paste additional sheets of white paper at the bottom. Send your petition to one of the senators from your State, in Con-gress. Address him care of the Senate, Washington, D. C. If you are in need of further information to assist you in prosecuting this work, address Editor " Liberty Mag-azine," Washington, D. C. 