126 LIBERTY peace of the day," as " going too far," as " defective in permitting those who ob-serve the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath to engage in both business and labor," as " quite disappointing; " and consequently, in speaking of the " State," which " at one time had one of the best of Sabbath [Sunday] laws," because of no exemptions, but because it grants exemption to Sabbatarians, he says, it " now has one of the worst." Those States which have Sunday laws granting no liberty whatever to Sabbata-rians, he says, " are deserving of high praise," as having " an admirable law," one " of superior excellence." It is quite evident that this organiza-tion (if Dr. Wylie represents the spirit of the National Reform Association)  does not even tolerate " toleration " for those who differ with it upon the Sab-bath question. We leave this whole mat-ter with the reader as to whether such a spirit of intolerance is in harmony with the true American idea of civil and re-ligious liberty for all its citizens as set forth by the founders of our republic in the Declaration of Rights and the na-tional Constitution. Who is standing in defense of the rights of the individual in matters of religion, and upholding the liberties of the American people? and who is trying to subvert them? Judge between us, and reach your own verdict. We feel justified in raising a voice of protest whenever and wherever our in-alienable rights are trampled in the dust and purposely ignored. Struggles for Great Principles FAR back in the days of Moses, when a people had been delivered from invol-untary servitude, we find the first re-corded use of the word liberty. It oc-curs in this expression : " Proclaim lib-erty throughout the land unto all the in-habitants thereof." It is not merely a coincidence that these identical words should have been cast on the bell that was to ring out to the American people their proclamation of liberty from the rule of a country be-yond the sea. While that bell had been tolling from its tower, circumstances had been educating a people in the love of liberty. With eyes opened by a divine hand, they had been enabled to see the violation of principles of truth and jus-tice. Because they had been taxed with-out representation, because they had been looked upon as subjects rather than as equals, they made this declaration to the world : " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal," etc. It was a principle new to  the nations, but in itself as old as crea-tion. It simply meant that the circum-stances of birth could not justly give to any man a preeminence in rights over another. It was a bold statement to make; but it was true, and they made it. It was a broad foundation on which to build ; but it was a solid one, and they built upon it. They built wiser than their day, and they built wiser, it seems, than the majority of their posterity in this day are able to appreciate. Without that foundation, the structure they reared could not have stood a hundred years; and a repudiation of that foundation will see that structure ruined in much less than a hundred years from the date of the repudiation. Because they had been deprived of many natural rights, they declared that all men " are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights ; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." Because they had been ruled by one who claimed the in- 