LIBERTY 7 to do her bidding, is clearly and con-vincingly set forth. The book may be had in paper cover for fifty cents, or in cloth for seventy-five cents. Address Chattin Bradway, Publicity Bureau, 52 Bliss Building, Washington, D. C. A Double Menace INTO the true service of God oppres-sion never comes, and out of his hands go none of the carnal arrows that wound the bodies and the souls of men. As God is not a God of oppression, he will not countenance in his service that which oppresses or those who oppress. Is it too much to say that he will not accept into his kingdom finally those who have misrepresented his character in the earth? It will be a fearful thing to hear from the Saviour's lips the words : " I never knew you : depart from me." So the religion of force is not only a menace to those who are oppressed by it, but it is a menace to the eternal prospects of those who thus use force in this world, even though they profess to use it in the service of God. !V !V iV A Spanish Catholic Explains A RECENT report from Spain declares that, by enactments by Premier Canale-jas and the Cortes, duly authorized and signed by King Alfonso, full religious liberty is now assured in Spain. In ex-planation of this move toward a liberty which is contrary to the principles of the Catholic Church, a wealthy Catholic of Spain, replying to the question why it is that even " good " Catholics are anti- clerical, said : Š Because we love liberty. We wish to emancipate ourselves forever from cler-ical tutelage, espionage, dictation, from everything of the sort that for centuries has benumbed and stupefied us. We Šand I consider myself as much one of the masses as any peasant, even though I am  a university graduate and property owner Š are no longer inclined to bow down before the encyclicals and the pastorals, nor are we influenced by conditions in other countries where religion handcuffs the state to the Vatican. No; last Sun-day we swore upon our honor as Span-iards. And what we have sworn we shall do. It may take time, but we shall do it. We feel that unless others than Catholics are allowed their own forms of worship, we ourselves are not free. It is freedom we want. Religion is only the excuse. Liberty is the real desire. Spain has had enough of religion-and-state union. !V !V tte. Imperial Sunday Alliance THE compulsory rest-day movement in Great Britain is being carried forward now under the auspices of the Imperial Sunday Alliance. This organization is composed of the English Catholic Church, the Roman Catholic Church, the non-conformist churches, and the labor unions, Š a rather formidable array. Its efforts have the approval of His Majesty George V. Its president is His Grace the Duke of Devonshire. and its vice-presidents are earls, arch-bishops, bishops, members of Parliament, and esquires and justices of the peace. It is affiliated with no less than seventeen religious and theatrical associations, and has secured the friendly cooperation of two hundred eighteen trade-unions, trades' councils, railway organizations, and independent societies. The object of this organization, as expressed in its con-stitution, is, " to promote federated ac-tion throughout the empire in safeguard-ing the Christian Sunday for all sections of the community." It proposes to bring this about, not by convincing the people of the divine obligation of the Sabbatic institution, but by securing such legisla-tion as will make compulsory the observ-ance of Sunday. The purpose of this al-liance is very similar to that of the Na- 