The Survey of the Field In Portugal THE establishment of the republican government in Portugal has brought a new era of liberty, and doubtless of progress, too, for the people. There was a fear at first that the comparatively small amount of gospel work in progress in Portugal would be handicapped under the new regime. This has proved groundless. Instead, on every hand, Por-tugal is now, perhaps as never before in her history, open to the gospel. The need, too, at present is urgent, for it is a time of crisis. The Jesuits have been expelled from the country; the people, naturally religious, are loosed from the thraldom which for centuries has kept them in ignorance ; and now they hardly know which way to turn. The great dan-ger is that Portugal will become a nation of atheists. Several times on offering Scriptures to the people the reply was : " Nao Senhor, sou republicano" (No, sir, I am a republican).Š The Mission-ary Review of the World, February, 1913. How Rome really regards the separa-tion of church and state and the loyalty of the people to republican institutions is clearly pointed out by the official organ of the,  Vatican, L'Osservatore Romano, c in its omments on the course of certain Catholic priests in Portugal. It is re-ported that eight hundred Catholic priests have accepted pensions from the Portu-guese government. By so doing, they de-clare it their duty to support that govern-ment, since the prosperity of Portugal depends upon the stability and consolida-tion of the existing order of things. L'Osservatore Romano declares their ac-tion to be " insupportable and scanda-lous," because " adhesion is given to re-publican institutions," and also because it " represents a humiliating subjection of  the clergy to lay authority and an implied recognition of the iniquitous law of sep-aration, solemnly condemned by the Holy See." The Papacy's official mouthpiece therefore officially condemns adhesion to republicanism and the separation of church and state. Inasmuch as the gov-ernment of the United States is founded on those two principles which are con-demned by L'Osservatore Romano, it is not difficult to determine what is Rome's real attitude toward the fundamental principles of the government of the United States. From the standpoint of that fact, Rome's declaration of her in-tention to " make America Catholic " means a great deal to America and Americans if it should ever be accom-plished. Religious Liberty for Madagascar The French government has adopted a decree for the regulation of public wor-ship in Madagascar which will, in the opinion of friends of religious liberty in France who have seen it, constitute an important advance in the direction of re-ligious liberty. The decree has not yet been officially published, but will appear shortly in the Journal Officiel. While it does not fully satisfy the wishes of our friends, it has been framed, we are as-sured, in a liberal spirit. The decree puts an end to the arbitrary regime which has hitherto prevailed in Madagascar, and having been adopted by the conseil d'etat in Paris, it will, as soon as it is promulgated, become a legislative enact-ment of the highest authority, which it will be impossible for any illiberal gov-ernor-general to set aside. On the other hand, there is not likely to be serious dif-ficulty in obtaining any amendments which experience may prove to be nec-essary in order to carry out the inten-tions of the legislature Š in this case the 57 