14 LIBERTY give to a church more than one half of the disposable portion of his estate. This letter is based upon the church maxim, Roma ipsa locuta est: causa est finita (Rome herself has spoken; the case is at an end). No other sect or re-ligious denomination in the State has ta-ken such a stand. The action of the Roman hierarchy in using the authority of this church to con-trol the political action of " the faithful7  under their charge in the two cases here cited, has not overthrown the govern-ment nor created a revolution, and it may  be regarded as a light matter by those who do not follow out the logic of it to its inevitable conclusion; but thinking men will see in it the end of political freedom for all communicants of the Roman Catholic Church, and the sub-version of free government in this " land of freedom." If any further evidence is needed on this point, it will be found in the Bon-zano correspondence in the article on page 16 of this number. How long before the worm will turn? The President at "Mass" THE fourth annual celebration of what is called the Pan-American Thanksgiving Mass was held in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Washington, D. C., at TO A. M., on Thanksgiving day. This is the occasion on which the Roman Catholic Church at the center of the American government calls together the official representatives of all the republics of the two Americas to join with her in the services of her house, while she throws the cloak of the " mass " over this ancient American in-stitution. The President proclaims the day, and calls upon the people to offer thanksgiving. Then the Roman Church calls upon the President to lead the rep-resentatives of the American nations into her sanctuary. Thus does the Catholic Church use the influence of the great American republic to strengthen her hold upon the other republics of the west-ern hemisphere, which have been looking toward liberty and longing for enlighten-ment and prosperity. The first " Thanksgiving mass " was celebrated in the first year of Mr. Taft's administration, and called forth consid-erable protest and much criticism from Protestant America. He may have re-gretted the precedent thus established,  and there was unmistakable evidence that he would have been glad to eliminate it this year from his Thanksgiving day pro-gram. As a matter of fact, the program at St. Patrick's was placed at ten o'clock instead of eleven as heretofore, in order that the President might attend the serv-ices at All Souls' Unitarian Church at eleven o'clock. The President departed from St. Pat-rick's at eleven o'clock sharp, with the service but half over. There is no ques-tion but that the President has at last become convinced of what many have known for months Š that the many favors bestowed by him upon adherents of the Catholic Church have made him unpopular with the majority of the people. The absence of the Pope's envoy, Archbishop Bonzano, when it was ex-pected that he would be in attendance seated upon a purple throne opposite the scarlet throne occupied by Cardinal Gibbons; the absence of the papal flags that have on former occasions decked the front of the rectory and the church ; the absence of conspicuous papal colors within the church; and the change of the hour of service that the President 