22 LIBERTY Ł his own liking than the one he saw in his dream. This image was of gold throughout, showing clearly that the king no longer accepted the idea that there would arise other kingdoms, and that finally they should all fail and the God of heaven establish a kingdom. There are many Nebuehadnezzars in the world today. Few rulers are willing to believe that their nation will pres-ently give place to another, and that finally all will utterly fail, and that be-cause of that failure the' God of heaven will overthrow all human authority, de-stroy the earth, and from its ashes make a new earth in which he himself will be the only King But this is practically what all Chris-tians originally believed, and what many still teach, with some differences in mi-nor details. Such a belief, however, in-volves no disloyalty to existing govern-ments. Such teaching is not in the nature of a political propaganda. One may be a good citizen and more strongly attached to the government under which he lives than to any other, even though he believes that it will in the course of time give place to a perfect theocracy. But in general, civil rulers do not like that sort of thing. Its tendency is to weaken one's interest in the govern-ments of earth, and, indeed, in earthly affairs generally. Mr. Moody, the noted evangelist, likened this world to a sink-ing ship, and declared that as a Chris-tian it was his business to save as many as possible out of it. We believe that Mr. Moody took but little interest in purely civil matters. Like Nehemiah, he felt that he was doing a great work and could not come down. The early Christians held aloof from participation in civil affairs because they regarded themselves as members of the kingdom of heaven, awaiting only the return of their King, which return, as they believed, could not be long delayed. They were not disloyal to Rome, but were to a degree indifferent to the em-pire which they regarded as only tran-sient. And for this they were persecuted  to the death. It was held that disbelief in the gods was disloyalty to the Roman state, which was in an important sense regarded by Romans as the greatest 'of all the gods. It is much the same now. Teaching that earthly governments are to fail and be superseded by the everlasting king-dom of God, is felt by some in this coun-try to be pro-German. In Germany, Austria, and Turkey it is regarded as pro-Ally; while in very truth it is wholly nonpolitical. To us the most alarming thing about this war is the seeming readiness of some people Š not merely a few, but many Š to be willing to destroy indi-vidual liberty of belief and expression in the supposed interests of civil author-ity. But this is not necessary. A man may believe in the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, and that this may occur soon, and at the same time be sin-cerely attached to the government under which he lives, believe it to be the best in the world, and ardently hope for the triumph of its arms. Such is the writ-er's faith touching religion, and such are his sentiments concerning the Amer-ican Government and the principles for which it is now fighting. As against any other government in the world we stand for the Government of the United States ; but as between this Government and the everlasting kingdom of God, we can and do pray, " Thy kingdom come." We believe that as a political proposi-tion the United States is engaged in a just war, and every day we pray that right and justice may prevail against violence and wrong. We wish for peace, but as we view the matter, only the coming of the King of kings can give to the world that lasting peace which we all long for, but about which the teeming millions of earth know so little ; and which only God can give and only his power preserve. tV " 0 THAT thou hadst hearkened to my commandments ! then had thy peace been as a river." Isa. 48: 