LIBERTY  77 four ayes, sixty-three noes, a majority of nineteen. This is strange language for a church who claims not to be in politics. We do not discriminate between the Protestant  or Catholic churches when they advocate a policy to form an ecclesiastical combine in politics for the purpose of gaining sec-tarian advantages. They both alike de-serve censure. Judge Elliott Declares From Bench That Maryland Law Must Be Observed THE following is taken from the Bal-timore News of March 25, 1914: Ñ Thirteen violators of the Sunday-sell-ing law were arraigned before Judge El-liott in the criminal court, part 1, this morning, and listened to a lecture upon keeping the sabbath day holy. All thirteen were charged with keep-ing their stores open on Sunday. They were represented by Attorney Louis Ash-man, who stated that his clients observed Saturday, and therefore kept their places open on Sunday. " That cannot be considered as an ex-cuse by this court," declared Judge El- liott.  The law of this land is that Sunday is to be observed, and people coming from other countries must abide by the laws of this land. This country does not recognize Saturday, and it is immaterial to the law whether they close or keep open on Saturday, but they must not do business on Sunday." The cases were dismissed with the warning that should the accused appear before the court on a similar charge the extreme penalty would be meted out to them. The best comment on the above is an editorial in the Oakland (Cal.) Tribune of March 19, 1914, with the title, " The Freedom of Religious Faith : "Ñ There is in session in this city a body of men, the superiors of whom in indus-try, orderliness, loyalty, honesty, good repute, and all that makes for the best citizenship, we think it would be difficult to find. These are the Seventh-day Ad-ventists, now holding their biennial con-ference. The members of this church observe Saturday as the Sabbath, and no matter whether this is sound theology or not, it  is their belief and their undoubted con-stitutional right as citizens and free men and free women, so to keep the seventh day as holy. Observing the seventh day as the Sab-bath, it is at once a violence offered to their faith and an unreasonable business hardship to compel them by law to ob-serve also the first day of the week as a day.in which they shall not labor or carry on their usual business and professional avocations. And upon these grounds these good people are strenuously op-posed to all so-called Sunday laws. We think they are absolutely right in their contentions for their civil privileges under the guaranties of the Constitution. They have an indefeasible right to their faith. They are entitled to religious lib-erty. And it is impossible to say that a citizen who is compelled to keep a day which is not holy to him as the Sabbath, and which he believes it sinful to keep as the Sabbath, enjoys religious freedom within the true intent and the full mean-ing of the Constitutional guaranties. The Supreme Court of the United States has decided that it is within the police powers of a State to make and enforce laws forbidding work to be done on Sunday. But, as a matter of justice and fair play, such laws should expressly exempt all citizens who honestly and as a matter of conscience observe another day than the first of the week. It is mani-festly unfair to compel a man who con-scientiously refrains from all labor on Saturday, to also refrain from labor and amusement on Sunday, simply because there are more persons who believe that the first day is the Sabbath than there are who believe that the seventh day is holy. In the theological dispute we are not greatly interested. But in the mainte-nance of civil and religious liberty we 