LIBERTY 127 Beers and Light Wines as " Temperance " Drinks (Concluded from page los) iteci as to time and universal as to alco-holic beverages. It may be truly said of the lighter wines as it is said in Holy Writ of the smaller sins, that it is " the little foxes that spoil the vines." No man becomes a drunkard all at once. Few men acquire a taste for liquor ex-cept as a result of prolonged indulgence. The social glass taken at a dinner or other social function has been the first step in the downward career of many a man. The taste for beer must be culti-vated. Nobody, or only a few at most, would drink beer were it not for the alcohol it contains. Remove the four or five per cent of alcohol, and nobody would want the residue. People drink it for the stimulant it contains ; and in order to get the effect the quantity must be continually increased. The only way, therefore, to save our young men not only during the war but after peace shall have been restored, is by outlawing the traffic once for all. It is a trade that lives on the weaknesses of the people ; it thrives upon their vices, and grows rich at the expense of the necessities of women and children. Its crimes demand its utter extirpation. Our people will be better fed, better clothed, better housed, and will develop into better citizens with-out liquor than with it ; and above and be-yond all other considerations that should influence the government, the great mass of our women and children would enjoy advantages in food, clothing, and health and opportunity now denied them by the greed of the liquor seller and the weak-ness and selfishness of the breadwinners upon whom they have a right to depend for the comforts of life, but to whom they too often look in vain. Let the government do its full duty in the pres-ervation of the rights of the people, and especially of the women and children, against the unstinted avarice and selfish greed of that sum of all villainies, the liquor traffic. A Historic Speech (Concluded from page 1493) to be used in supporting life are con-verted into a beverage that corrupts and destroys it. Millions of tons of coal are employed in the processes of distillation and fermentation while human beings are suffering for lack of warmth. Thou-sands of freight cars are required to haul the brew of death, while legitimate industries suffer from lack of transpor-tation. Hundreds of thousands of la-borers are engaged in the liquor business when they could be contributing to the supplying of genuine economic needs. Lumber, glass, all other forms of build-ing material, warehouses, stores, autos, teams, wagons, could all be enlisted in the promotion of some necessary indus-try instead of an enterprise that answers no proper requirement. " Finally, the constant activity of the liquor interests in the politics of the country is another peril to free institu-tions. They understand that their busi-ness has no inherent constitutional right of existence, that it continues purely by tolerance, and that it may be destroyed by an aroused electorate at any time. They know that the agitation against it will persist as long as humanity is able to protest against the traffic in broken hearts and ruined homes. Therefore self-preservation keeps them always on the alert. They are thoroughly organ-ized for the making and unmaking of men and Congresses and legislatures. There can be no satisfactory solution of legitimate public questions so long as this formidable force measures men by their attitude on liquor, and endeavors by the lavish use of money to bring about their success or defeat." " LOOK not thou upon the wine when it is red, when it giveth his color in the cup, when it moveth itself arigbt. At the last it biteth like a serpent, and stingeth like an adder." Prov. a3: 31, 32. 