LIBERTY 3 how heavy a fine should a man pay, or how long should he languish in a jail, to atone for this sin? No judge or jury on this earth can ever know. It can only be determined at the tribunal of the universal Judge. For these reasons, if there were no other, the state can not legislate upon religious questions, and administer penalty for sin, for this is impossible. On the other hand, the state can properly punish incivility, or matters between man and man. If one injures his neighbor, the state is able to weigh. the injury and impose a just penalty. The state, however, can not take cognizance of the motives of the heart which prompted the deed. These must be reviewed at the bar of God, and just pun-ishment administered by that supreme tri-bunal. The effort to punish sin has caused all the persecution of the centuries, destroying millions of God's people from the earth. To avert a like catastrophe in this country is why we protest against any intrusion by the civil magistrate in religious questions. Religion and Liberty THOSE who have studied the history of the subject readily recognize the difference between the American theory of church and state and that which has been followed in nearly all the other countries of the world. Principles have been adopted in this coun-try which have been rejected in other countries, and an example has been set here which has exerted a world-wide influence in favor of liberty. Fundamental to this true idea of liberty is the right conception as to the nature of religion. This has been well stated by Dr. Philip Schaff, as fol-lows : Š Religion and liberty are inseparable. Religion is voluntary, and can not, and ought not to be, forced. . . . Such liberty is impossible on the basis of a union of church and state, where the one of neces-sity restricts or controls the other. It re-quires a friendly separation, where each power is entirely independent in its own sphere. The church, as such, has nothing to do with the state except to obey its laws and to strengthen its moral foundations; the state has nothing to do with the church  except to protect her in her property and liberty; and the state must be equally just to all forms of belief and unbelief which do not endanger the public safety.Š" Church and State," pages 9, ro. This is sound doctrine, and ought to commend itself to every unprejudiced thinker. A civil law requiring a man to profess, or to conform to, even that religion which he actually does profess, deprives him of that liberty of choice. and that free, will service which is the glory and the crown of Christianity. The Lord of heaven and earth grants to every man the liberty to change his mind and to refuse to serve him, and with this liberty no civil government has the right to interfere. Passing Strange IT is passing strange that intelligent men do not all see that Sunday laws mean a union of church and state. It is passing strange that all legislators do not see that any attempt to distinguish legally between Sunday and the other days of the week must arise from religious con-siderations, and that all such legislation must be religious legislation. It is passing strange that men can soberly affirm their belief in the separation of church and state, and yet demand a union between religion and government. It is passing strange that writers and speakers will cite the theocracy of Israel as a model in government which ought to be imitated in the republic of the United States. It is passing strange that the lessons of history are not sufficient to deter those who desire the prosperity of this country from urging the government to interfere in mat-ters of conscience. It is passing strange that men who pro-fess to believe in the golden rule will yet favor laws which compel the minority to conform to the religious ideas of the ma-jority. It is passing strange that any Christian should attempt to make Christ king of this world in face of the fact that he would not permit his disciples or the people to do the 