LIBERTY  3 acts which made the beast. It will, there- fore, be accomplished by the union of church and state, in which Sunday laws will occupy the same place as they did in the history of the fourth and fifth cen-turies. The union of church and state in the fourth and fifth centuries resulted in apostasy in the church and in the ruin of the republic. Neander says : Ñ Despotism, arrayed in open hostility to.  Christianity, only served to call forth, in still greater strength, the Christian sense of freedom rising superior to all earthly constraint. But despotism in outward alliance with the church, proved a more dangerous enemy. . . . In forgetting and denying its own essential character, on the simple preservation of which its true power depends,Ñ in consenting to make use of a foreign might for the further-ance of its ends, the church succumbed to that might. Such is the lesson taught by the history of the church of the Roman empire in the East.Ñ"Neander's Gen-eral Church History," Volume III, Sec-tion 2, Division 1, Par. 1. The union of church and state in this cen-tury will bring the same results to the church and to this republic. When, therefore, we see the United States Congress on the verge of commit-ting itself to the policy of religious legis-lation by passing a Sunday law for the District of Columbia, we can do no less than call attention to the result as fore-shadowed in the prophecy and illustrated by past history. The taking of this first step involves the acceptance of a prin-ciple which, followed to its logical and inevitable result, will mean a government dominated by the church, the rights of.  conscience outraged, and religious lib-erty denied to all citizens. These views and the basis upon which they rest are more fully set forth in an-other part of this magazine, in the arti-cles entitled, " Church and State in the Days of Rome," and " Church and State in the United States." Religious Liberty Threatened DURING the first session of the Sixtieth Congress, which closed on May 30, sev-eral bills relating to the observance of Sunday in the District of Columbia were introduced in the two houses. No hear-ings were held on either of the bills introduced in the House of Represen-tatives, and neither one of them was re-ported out of committee. One hearing was held on the two bills introduced into the Senate by Senator Johnston, of Ala- bama, and the argument presented on that occasion, by one of the editors of LIBERTY, was printed in the last issue of this magazine. A printed report was afterward made to the Senate by the Committee on the District of Columbia, recommending the passage of a substitute bill. On Friday, May 15, this report was acted upon in the Senate. The following extract from the Congressional Record of that date, tells the story : Ñ Sunday Closing in the District The bill (S. 394o) requiring certain places of business in the District of Co-lumbia to be closed on Sunday was con-sidered as in committee of the whole. The bill had been reported from the Committee on the District of Columbia with an amendment, to strike out all after the enacting clause and insert : Ñ That it shall be unlawful for any per-son or corporation in the District of Columbia, on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, to labor at any trade or calling, or to employ or cause to be employed his apprentice or servant in any labor or business, except in house-hold work or other work of necessity or charity, and except also newspaper pub-lishers and their employees, and except also public-service corporations and their employees, in the necessary supplying of service to the people of the District. SECTION 2. That it shall be unlawful for any person in said District on said (lay to engage in any circus, show, or theatrical performance: Provided, That the provisions of this act shall not be construed so as to prohibit sacred con- 