LIBERTY  15 Being Pontifcx Maximus by virtue of his imperial office, why should he not take upon himself the oversight and ad-ministration of the Christian religion within his empire? The course taken by the power-loving bishops openly in-vited the exercise of his pontifical func-tions in that field, and he needed not to be urged into it. A Pagan Principle Perpetuated In the year 313 the edict of Milan, the joint edict of Constantine and Licinius, was published to the peoples of the east-ern and western empires, granting fullest liberty to all " to follow the religion which they choose." These emperors in this edict declare it to be their duty " to establish ordinances respecting the wor-ship of Divinity." Thus, while both emperors recognized both religious sys-tems as " religiones licitce" (legal re-ligions), they reserved to themselves the right to " establish ordinances " of wor-ship. Men were left free to practise what religion they would, but the pagan idea of state interference in religious things was still maintained. One of the provisions of the edict of Milan restored to the Christians their places of worship wherever they had been deprived of them ; and Constantine began immediately to confer benefits upon the Christians. This is seen in his directions to Cwcilianus, bishop of Car-thage, to disburse among " certain min-isters of the legitimate and most holy Catholic religion " within his diocese large sums of money " to defray their expenses," and also' in his directions to the proconsul Anulinus to exempt all clergy of the Catholic Church from the duty and burden of public office. In his instructions to the same proconsul, Con-stantine warns him regarding " some men who are of no settled mind," who " wished to divert the people from the most holy Catholic Church by a certain pernicious adulteration," and instructs him to report all such to the judges. In this and similar ways did Constantine subvert the principles of religious liberty  by seeking to mold the entire religious system into a machine for the accom-plishment of his own purpose and the exaltation of himself. Christianity had proved its power to maintain itself through centuries of bitter struggle, per-meating all strata of society ; but the most difficult test of all it was now to meet Ñ the test of prosperity and im-perial favor. The active influence of Constantine began at once to bring into the organized church an element, pagan at heart, that was destined to do what persecution had failed to accomplish, that is, to work the ruin of the church as a body. Through all these years when imperial favor was subverting true faith, there was still a body of faithful followers of the cross, protesting against the apostasy, and frequently paying with their lives for so doing. In fact, at the very side of Constantine stood one, a bishop, Hosius by name, who understood the true principles of religious liberty, if we might judge alone by the admoni-tion which, years later, he gave to Con-stantine upon the question of the proper functions of church and state. " Intrude not yourself," he writes, " into eccle-siastical matters, neither give commands unto us concerning them ; but learn them from us. God hath put into your hands the kingdom ; to us he hath entrusted the affairs of his church. . . . It is writ-ten, ' Render unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's.' " But for exercising his own religious liberty not to subscribe to the creed of Arianism, Hosius was finally, during the reign of Constantius, exiled, imprisoned, cruelly beaten, and at last put upon the rack, and all this in spite of his great age of about one hun-dred years. This mode of persuasion was effective at last, and Hosius signed the creed. The record shows, however, that Hosius was far from practising at all times the principles he enunciated in his letter to Constantius. He is even charged with being the author of the first Christian persecution, having stirred 