108 LIBERTY idea, however, is contrary to the ideas of those who conduct what is denomi-nated the Christian Citizenship Move-ment. In consideration of some of the Na-tional Reform doctrines it may be of interest to learn the circumstances that led the eleven Protestant representatives who assembled in convention at Xenia, Ohio, in 1863, to enter upon the National Reform program which they have been seeking to carry out for half a century. The interesting facts came to light in this way : In connection with their Chris-tian Citizenship Convention in Philadel-phia in 1910, there was held a banquet. A reporter who was in attendance at the banquet, but not a National Re-former, gives the following interesting account: Š " The meeting dealt chiefly with rem-iniscences, the old veterans telling their experiences in the early days of their work. Dr. -T. P. Stevenson acted as toast-master. He stated that the first meeting in the interests of National Re-form was held in Xenia, Ohio, in July, 1863 ; that the occasion for the meeting was the deep feeling on the part of so many Christian people just at the time that there should be a revival of religion among the people. The first meeting had to do with the revival of religion in the hearts of the people. As they discussed it, the movement developed for a revival of national religion. The last point dwelt upon by him in his introduc-tion of the toasts was that the movement had now reached its fourth step, the step which had been presented to all eyes in this convention and had been so strongly impressed upon the hearts of all,Š that was the world-wide aspect of the move-ment." The reporter thus briefly comments upon the incident : Š " It is worth noting that the National Reformers yielded to the temptation which Satan presented to Christ. They met for a revival of personal religion. He put before them the glory of nations and a reign of the church over the kings  of the earth; Christ put the temptation aside, they yielded to it." Having once entered upon a wrong course, how rapidly they have diverged from the noble purpose which first prompted them,Š that of securing a re- vival of personal religion in the hearts of the people. But from that time to this they have persistently followed the pro-gram of securing a national religion. It remains for Christians to seek for a re-vival of true religion in the hearts of men ; in other words, to carry out the purpose of personal religion for which that convention first met. The only power that can accomplish this end is that of the Holy Spirit. One of the chief arguments of the Na-tional Reform party is that the state is a moral and religious being, having rea-son and conscience. It is easy to under-stand how, with a false premise like this, such an organization would be led to seek to secure a national religion. This idea is opposed to the Word of God, which teaches that " we must all appear before the judgment-seat of Christ ; that every one may receive the things done in his body, according to that he hath done, whether it be good or bad; " and in view of this, the apostle Paul continues, " Knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we persuade men." From this it is plainly to be seen that the Word of God teaches we are not to stand before the judgment-seat of Christ as a nation, or even as a family, but as individuals; and furthermore it is em-phasized that instead of compelling men by force of civil authority, we should " persuade " them. It is easy to see that when these re-ligio-political reformers succeed in se-curing that for which they are so ear-nestly seeking, there will then be erected in this country a veritable image to the religious establishments and ecclesias-tical tyranny which existed in Europe in the dark ages. It is high time to raise a voice of protest against the encroach-ments of these zealous but misguided men. 