a Editorial Brevities U Ii= =El= ===, EFFECTIVE weapons with which to fight the devil are " paper and ink." I%  IT is the sign of supreme selfishness in man, for him to assert his own rights and disregard the equal rights of others. 1% THE true church will never seek a union with the secular arm or the governments of earth, for the world and Christ never were and never can be on terms of friendship. It I% THE majority are not on the side of God in the last day, or Christ would not say, " Fear not, little flock; for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom." ft Ina Isa WHAT a contrast there is between the true church of Christ and a formal conventional church that leans upon the civil arm and uses force instead of spiritual persuasion. I% ON NM TRUTH is a powerful, active, living factor that is capable of looking after itself, because it belongs to God and because it is one with God and Christ who are Almighty. Truth will pre-vail over all its foes. Ma Ma las THE charter of true liberty grants the right of the individual to seek, to find, to hold, and to cherish truth, and to enjoy the free exercise of his faith in new-found truth according to the dictates of his conscience. I% I% NM To get the true meaning of Scriptural terms, we must resort to the original tongue. The Greek word metanoe5 means " to think again," and not, as the Latin says, " to do penance." A look at the cross of Christ makes a sinner " think again " and rethink his life. I% I% I% THE Christian martyr, like the passive re-sister and the conscientious objector of today, had the courage of his convictions and the in-dependence of mind that chose to do his own thinking rather than to blindly, slavishly accept the opinions and conclusions dictated and com-manded by the Roman government. 100 THERE are many conflicting opinions as to what constitutes religious freedom. In some minds religious freedom is totally self-centered. John Calvin believed in religious freedom, but only for Calvinists. The religious, social, and legal mind of today is still as full of crude and elementary conceptions of the nature of human freedom, the rights of the individual conscience, and the limitation of civil authority in spiritual concerns, as the air we breathe is filled with all sorts of disease germs, and some of these conceptions are as deadly. I% R 1% THE hope of the world is centered in the cross of Christ, which the learned Greeks accounted foolishness. The cross is centered in the doc-trine that God is love. The Christian religion stands or falls as it clings to or forsakes this platform. THE greatest of all liberties Š soul liberty Šis a liberty which no tyrant can take away, no dungeon can inclose, no chain can fetter, and no furnace can consume; and yet men in their ignorance and blindness try to restrict this di-vine gift. ING No man's rights are made secure and safe as long as one man's rights are set aside as a thing of naught. To secure the safety of all we must secure the safety of each, even of the humblest. 19M MOSLEM, Jew, and Christian have equal civil and religious rights, and should not be restricted in the free exercise of their religious beliefs, so long as each respects the equal rights of the others. PM ft I% GOD'S message of love has wrought a greater transformation for good in this world than man's message of force. When love fails to win in the spiritual realm, force cannot prevail. ge Pm Ise No man is a safe guardian of other people's treasures who cannot be trusted to obey his con-science nor to do his duty toward God. I% THE conscience must not be coerced, for it is the light and voice of freedom to the soul. 