78 LIBERTY Further, to show that the promoters of the conference propose to mold the laws of the land in favor of their religious views, note the following from Dr. Sam-uel Z. Batten in a recent interview in Portland : " One of the more immediate devices will be the organization of churches and social welfare societies and leagues in such a manner that when any legislation designed to further the great program is pending in any State, all these elements can throw their combined strength into a lobby for it, instead of each individual organization being obliged to fight out its own battles alone." It is easy to see here a religious combi-nation to dictate legislation. Have these men forgotten that the weapons of the Christian's warfare are not carnal ? If the civil power bends under this pres-sure, it will mark the end of religious lib-erty in our government. That the efforts for religious legisla-tion are not to be confined to the United States is evident from the following: " In a larger sense the world will be the audience ; and let the conference be made so to speak for God, for Christ, for hu-manity, that the world shall hear and heed."Š Christian Statesman, October, 1912. Again in this same issue of the Christian Statesman we find these words: " It is believed that the world-wide agi-tation of the principles held by the asso-ciation and the equally wide discussion of the methods whereby we hope to ob-tain our ends will meet with the approba-tion of all right-hearted Christian citi-zens, and will furnish or suggest a method of cooperation by Christian peo-ple everywhere for securing needed po-litical reforms not only in the United States, but in the various countries of the world." We have no desire to criticize the men who are promoting the conference. Their aim, no doubt, is good. They see the trend of things, and think to stay the tide of evil by legislation favoring the Christian religion. Good as their inten-tions are, and high as their hopes may be, they are doomed to disappointment. They are working on wrong principles.  Men can not be made good by law. Then, again, religion is a matter of per-sonal relationship of the individual-to his God. It is outside the domain of civil government. It is a matter of individ-ual choice. The church has best pros-pered when it has depended on its own power, drawn from its great Author, and has reached its lowest ebb when looking to the civil government for support. Whenever the church has gone to the civil law to propagate its doctrines and en-force its decrees, there has been some-thing dangerously carnal in the purpose. There has been in it the intention to en-force its dogmas upon all whether they believe them or not. That means perse-cution 'to the dissenter.Ł It restricts the religious liberty of both the believer and the unbeliever. On the other hand, the state is formed for political and not for religious purposes. The state can not afford to dictate the religion of its cit-izens. The question for the state to ask is not, Is a man a good Christian? but, Is he a good citizen? Our government was founded on the great principles of civil and religious freedom. Long may this endure, and our land remain a coun-try where all of whatever creed may stand equal before the law. College Place, Wash. tV !le God and Caesar THE currency used by the Israelites in their business transactions was proof of their dependence on the Roman em-peror. As they were subjects of the Roman Caesar, they were obliged to ful-fil the duties of subjects and to render unto Qesar the things that were Caesar's. But this did not in any way interfere with the other duty to render to God the things that were God's. So Jesus drew a clear line of demarcation be-tween these two realms. Though sepa-rate, they are not therefore antagonis-tic, but are to abide each in its own sphere beside the other in peace and harmony. 