14 LIBERTY principles of Republicanism as has never found expression in any other part of the world. In this country Prot-estantism and Republicanism, so closely related in their fundamental principles and so mutually helpful in their mani-festation, have exercised a most power-ful influence in the rapid development of a comparatively new country to become a leading world-power. It therefore seemed eminently fitting to a certain class of expositors of this prophecy that the horns of this beast should symbolize these two chief powers which have made this nation, inasmuch as in the Scriptures a horn is the usual symbol for power. Basing their views upon certain other statements in this prophecy, these same teachers of Bible truth declared with great positiveness that the time would come in the history of this nation when the great principles which constittite the warp and woof of Protestantism and Re-publicanism would be repudiated, and that a marked degeneracy in religious and political experience would be the in-evitable consequence of setting aside these powerful agencies in the country's ad-vancement. Several decades passed before there was any apparent justification for such predictions, and those who maintained these views were often the subject of ridicule as visionary pessimists. During the last ten or fifteen years, however, there has been a marked change, and in-dications have not been lacking to show that there was a trend of opinion toward the fulfilment of the Adventist interpre-tation. The last few years have witnessed the most marked progress in this direc-tion, and the climax has come in 19o9. The repudiation of the true principles of Protestantism and Republicanism is no longer a matter of theory or a question of interpretation. All that was predicted has now come to pass ; and the evidence is not found in the testimony of those  who are seeking to maintain the correct-ness of their position, but in the public utterances of those who would most em-phatically deny that they are fulfilling prophecy. Public attention has been called in a very marked way to this matter by the publication in the Cosmopolitan for May, June, and July of a series of articles by Mr. Harold Bolce, in which the kind of teaching now being given to the two hundred twenty-nine thousand students in the colleges and universities of this country is clearly set forth, with specific quotations from those who occupy lead-ing chairs in these institutions. A foundation principle of Protestant-ism is the infallibility of the Bible, and that the Word of God is a sufficient rule of faith and practise. To reject the plain teaching of the Scripture, and to add to, or to take away from, its plain state-ments, is therefore tantamount to a repu-diation of the foundation of Protestant-ism. To what an extent Łthis has been done may be seen from the following utterances, which fairly illustrate the at-titude of others to whom reference is made in the article : Š There is scholarly repudiation of all solemn authority. The decalogue is no more sacred than a syllabus. . . . Noth-ing is accepted on the ipse dixit of tra-dition. . . . From the college standpoint, there are no God-established covenants. " Do you not believe, professor [Earp, of Syracuse University]," I asked, " that Moses got the ten commandments in the way the Scriptures tell ? " The professor smiled. " I do not," he said. " It is unscientific and absurd to imagine that God ever turned stone-mason and chiseled commandments on a rock." Prof. William G. Sumner, of Yale University, " takes the view that the ma-jority can make anything right. He has coined a new word, or rather resurrected an old one from its Latin grave, to take the place of the Bible as an authority. 