LIBERTY  31 What Eminent Authorities Say THE FOLLOWING STATEMENTS FROM EMINENT MEN ARE WORTH CLIPPING OUT AND PASTING IN YOUR SCRAPBOOK GEORGE WASHINGTON : " Every man who con-ducts himself as a good citizen, is accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and should be protected in worshiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience."Ñ Reply to the Baptists of Virginia, 1789. THOMAS JEFFERSON : "Almighty God hath cre-ated the mind free; all attempts to influence it by temporal punishments or burdens, or by civil incapacitations, tend only to beget habits of hy-pocrisy and meanness, and are a departure from the plan of the holy Author of our religion, who being Lord both of body and mind, yet chose not to propagate it by coercion on either, as was in his almighty power to do."ÑVirginia Act for Establishing Religious Freedom, 1785. BENJAMIN FRANKLIN : " When religion iS good it will take care of itself ; when it is not able to take care of itself, and God does not see fit to take care of it, it is evidence to my mind that its cause is a bad one."Ñ Letter to Dr. Price. JAMES MADISON : " Religion is not in the pur-view of human government. Religion is essen-tially distinct from government and exempt from its cognizance. A connection between them is injurious to both."Ñ Letter to Edward Everett. U. S. GRANT : " Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the church, and the private school, supported entirely by private contribution. Keep the state and the church forever separate." Ñ Speech at Des Moines, Iowa, 1875. THEODORE ROOSEVELT: "I feel very strongly that if any people are oppressed anywhere, the wrong inevitably reacts in the end on those who oppress them ; for it is an immutable law in the spiritual world that no one can wrong others and yet in the end himself escape unhurt."Ñ Letter to Jews, Nov. 16, 1905. JOHN STUART MILL : " If all mankind minus one, were of one opinion, and only 'one person were of the contrary opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind."Ñ Essay on Liberty. JOHN CLARK RIDPATH : " Proscription has no part nor lot in the modern government of the world. The stake, the gibbet, and the rack, thumb-screws, swords, and pillory, have no place among the machinery of civilization. Nature is diversified ; so are human faculties, beliefs, and practises. Essential freedom is the right to differ, and that right must be sacredly respected."Ñ" History of the World," Vol. III, page 1354. PRESIDENT FAIRCHILD : " Government is never the gainer in the execution of a law that is mani-festly unjust. . . . Conscientious men are not the enemies, but the friends, of any government but a tyranny. They are its strength, and not its weakness. Daniel, in Babylon, praying, contrary to the law, was the true friend and supporter of the government ; while those who, in their pre-tended zeal for the law and the constitution, would strike down the good man, were its real enemies. It is only when government transcends its sphere. that it comes in conflict with the con- sciences of men."Ñ Moral Philosophy, page 185. THOMAS CLARKE : " There are many who do not seem to be sensible that all viorence in relig-ion is irreligious, and that, whoever is wrong, the persecutor can not be right." Jon rt WESLEY : " Condemn no man for not thinking as you think. Let every one enjoy the full and free liberty of thinking for himself. Let every man use his own judgment, since every man must give an account of himsef to God. Abhor every approach, in any kind or degree, to the spirit of persecution. If you can not reason nor persuade a man into the truth, never attempt to force a man into it. If love will not compel him to come, leave him to God the judge of all." DR. ADAM CLARKE : " No other kind of con-straint [than prayers, counsels, entreaties, etc.] is ever recommended in the gospel of Christ. Every other kind of compulsion is antichristian, can only be submitted to by cowards and knaves, and can produce nothing but hypocrites. . . . The church which tolerates, encourages, and practises persecution, under the pretense of concern for. the purity of the faith, and zeal for God's glory, is not the church of Christ, and no man can be of such church without endangering his salvation." Ñ Notes on Luke 14: 23. JONATHAN CROWTHER : " Civil government has no right to command what is contrary to the commandments of God, even in what relates to the body, our fellow creatures, and the present world. Civil governors have no right at all to interfere between God and the souls of men. Civil government and religion are two things which ought to be totally separate from each other. Will the persons who want to prescribe to me what opinion I shall believe, and the form in which I shall worship God, undertake to answer for me at the day of judgment, and to insure my eternal salvation, provided I comply with their wishes? And if they should undertake this, can I with confidence and due security leave the mat-ter in their hands? "Ñ"A True and Complete Portraiture of Methodism," 1811. ALEXANDER CAMPBELL: "The Gospel commands no duty which can he performed without faith in the Son of God. ' Whatsoever is not of faith is sin.' But to compel men destitute of faith to observe any Christian institution, such as the Lord's day, is commanding duty to be performed without faith in God. Therefore to command unbelievers or natural men to observe, in any sense, the Lord's Day, is anti-evangelical or con- trary to the gospel."Ñ"Memoirs," Vol. I, p. 528. DR. ALBERT BARNES : " If we can have a Sab-bath sacred in its stillness and its associations, maintained by a healthful, popular sentiment, rather than by human laws, . . . Christianity is safe in this land, and out...country is safe. If not, the Sabbath, and religion and liberty will die together. If the Sabbath is not regarded as holy time, it will be regarded as pastime ; if not a day sacred to devotion, it will be a day of recreation, of pleasure, of licentiousness."Ñ Practical Ser-mons. MACAULAY : " Have not almost all the govern-ments in the world always been in the wrong on religious subjects? "Ñ Essay on " Gladstone on Church and State." ¥ 