LIBERTY 37 violate by confiscation, except in cases of actual treason. They secured the privi-lege of trial by native judges only, and according to their national usages. The military service which the Franks were allowed to require of them was almost a negligible quantity, and they secured a recognition of hereditary title to feudal property, in direct line, on payment of certain dues. This made their portion of the Frankish dominions totally different from the other portions of the mon-archy, and the people themselves free from such servitude as weighed down the French nation. Concerning these people and their at-titude toward the papal representatives working among them, the historian Grattan says:Š "Insays:  no part of Europe was the good sense of the people so effectively opposed to the unreasonable practises of Catholi-cism in those days. The Frisons suc-cessfully resisted the payment of tithes. . . . They forced their priests to marry. . . . They acknowledged no ecclesiastical decree if secular judges, double the number of the priests, did not bear a part in it. Thus the spirit of.  liberty burst forth in all their proceedings, and they were justified in calling themselves Vri-Vriesen, Free-Frisons. " No nation is more interested than England in the examination of all that concerns this remote corner of Europe, so resolute in its opposition to both civil and religious tyranny; for it was there that those Saxon institutions and princi-ples were first developed without con-straint, while the time of their establish-ment in England was still distant.. . . Liberty was a matter so difficult to be comprehended by the writers of Ł those times that Froissart gave as his opinion, about the year 138o, that the Frisons were a most unreasonable race, for not recognizing the authority and power of the great lords."Š"History of the Neth-erlands," by Thomas C. Grattan, pages 49, 50. Concerning this interesting people this also is recorded : Š " In 1257 the, peasants of Holland and the burghers of Utrecht proclaimed free-dom and equality, drove out the bishop, and the nobles, and began a memorable struggle which lasted full two hundred years."Š Id., page 53. In 1312, at Cortenbergh, was con-cluded that famous contract which re-quired the Duke of Brabant to create a legislative and judicial assembly meeting every twenty-one days to attend to the business of the province. This assembly consisted of fourteen deputies, of whom only four were to be nobles and ten were to be chosen by the people. The duke was forced to sanction and guarantee the popular privileges and the superiority of the people over the nobles. He must obey the legislative decisions of the coun-cil, and was not permitted to levy arbi-trary taxes or duties upon the people. The government of the United States of America was germinant in these acts and in these provisions established among the people of the Netherlands when as yet the discovery of America was in the future by nearly two hundred years. The spirit of constitutional liberty and of an unfettered conscience was struggling for expression thus early in that remote corner of the world ; and the influence of those early endeavors, those strug-glings for the blessings of light and lib-erty, is felt to-day in some degree in nearly every portion of the world. Among this people came the agents of the Roman system of state-enforced re-ligion, to crush out all independence of thought, all conscience in religious things. and all religion not cast in the mold of the Roman creed. The struggle between the liberty-loving people of the Nether-lands on the one hand and the rule of Rome backed by the carnal power of a subservient state on th' other, constitutes one of the most instructive and intensely interesting episodes of human history. (To be continued) 