1-,17177T11   ace Probably Will be Signed in the Near Future 7:11 tgl! , ,111. 8r,  11-7117, *11- t,fi,1 4;1  1  li-o(1, fb.! . I 4 g .81 as ¥ p .110. 1783. September 20, 1870, King William of Prussia, and the crown prince Frederick, entered the town, where William was proclaimed emperor of Germany, Jan. 18, 1871. On January 28, the capitulation of Paris was signed in Versailles. After peace, and until 1879, it was the seat of the National Assembly. F INJUSTICE BY JUGGLERS illman In the ease of murder, theft, or other crime, the act is wrong in itself, and is prohibited for that reason. By its prohibition no injustice can be done to any one. In the other case Ñwhere labor on Sunday is prohibited Ñ it is admitted that injustice is done the person who is thus restrained, if the reason for the pro-hibition be a religious one; and this is an ac-knowledgment that labor is all right in its character and may be for the benefit of the person performing it, which could not be true of anything wrong in itself. This is to say in effect that the individual suffers a hardship in being compelled to lose one seventh of his time if the compulsion be imposed on religious  grounds, yet the very same hardship is no in-justice at all if the reason for it is alleged upon civil grounds! Injustice becomes justice simply by alleging a civil reason for it in the place of a religious one! If this be true, then verily, there is something in a name, after all. But it is not true. The end does not justify the means. The means itself must be right. We submit, however, that if it is wrong to interfere with personal freedom on Sunday on religious grounds,Ñ if such interference would in any case be an invasion of one's rights,Ñit must be an invasion of rights and an in-justice no matter how many changes may be rung on the name under which the action is sought to be justified. The act of compelling a man to stop his work and remain idle on Sunday could not be an invasion of his rights under¥  one name, if it were not an invasion under every name; since the prohibition itself, and its effects upon him, remain precisely the same in every case. The admission that it would be unjust to prohibit work on Sunday, save for the alleged civil necessity for such restraint, is fatal to the attempt to justify Sunday laws. It is a con-fession of their injustice. 18 