(C) Press Illustrating Service. N. Y. ONE OF THE GATES OF JERUSALEM 5o LIBERTY dom in their own land, with local self-government. When Alexander the Great appeared before Jerusalem in 333 B. c., the Jews opened the gates and welcomed him as the one who was divinely or - dained to free them from the Persian yoke. But shortly after the death of, Al-exander, Jerusa-lem was put into a sorry plight on account of the rivalries between the Seleucidx of Syria and the Ptolemies of Egypt. The city was repeatedly taken and re-taken by one and then the other. At last the Mac-cabwans arose and drove the Syrians and Egyptians back to their own do- mains; but at this juncture the Romans took a hand in the game for world do-minion, and subjugated not only the Syrians and Egyptians, but presently the Jews also. Under the Romans, King Herod ruled the Jews with a strong hand, but he re- built the temple with such magnificence that it ranked as one of the wonders of the world. After the passing of the Herods, turbulence and partisan strife broke out afresh, and religious fanatics, after they rejected the Messiah, led the Jews in a great rebellion against the Roman power; and Jerusalem was again subjugated and the city and temple laid in utter ruin, by Titus, A. D. 70. More than L000,000 Jews perished in the fall of Jerusalem, and the rest were scat-tered among all nations as captives and exiles. Before the siege of Jerusalem by itus, the Christian believers withdrew to Pella and the surrounding country, and thus escaped the terrible punishment meted out to the stubborn, rebellious Jews, as foretold in Deut. 28: 29-57. Christ's Prophecy Forty years before Jerusa-lem was laid in ruins, the temple destroyed, and the Jews scat-tered, Christ had said: " Jerusa-lem shall be trodden down of the Gentiles, un-til the times of the Gentiles be fulfilled ; " and concerning the temple, he said: " There shall not be left here one stone upon an-other, that shall not be thrown down;" and "behold, your house is left unto you desolate. For I say unto you, Ye shall not see me henceforth, till ye shall say, Blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord." The early Christians understood from this prophecy that a permanent curse rested upon Jerusalem, that the tem-ple was never to be rebuilt, nor were the Jews as a nation to be restored to the favor of God. The Gentile world, however, was to come into possession of the Jewish inheritance, and was to keep it until the Son of man returned the second time, and until the earthly Jeru-salem should give place to the heavenly Jerusalem, which was to descend " from God out of heaven," at the termination of the millennium. Since it was be-cause the Jews rejected Christ and dis-played their impenitence and rebellion toward God, that they were scattered 