LIBERTY 45 the narcotic effect has worn off, the abused and much-injured organ cries out louder than before, and another dose is demanded to again afford relief. In this manner the desire for alcohol is often created and maintained. The per-son is under the delusion that he is im-proving, while the local condition is constantly becoming more serious. It is not the one who goes on an occasional spree and then abstains who sustains the greatest injury. The one who resorts to alcohol in small doses daily is being injured to a greater extent than the man who drinks to excess oc-casionally. It is the continuous, mild irritation that brings about the organic degenerative changes in the blood-vessels and organs of the body. In health the body is protected from germs of disease by an army of soldiers known as leucocytes, or white blood-cells. Alcohol, by paralyzing these cells, makes them incapable of protecting the body from germs of disease. Some time ago a young beer-drinker met with an injury which necessitated a surgical oper-ation. When entering the operating-room, he inquired of the surgeon: " Doctor, will the operation kill me ? " " No," the doctor replied ; " the oper-ation won't kill you, but the beer may." The operation was skilfully and success-fully performed, but the wound refused to heal. Blood-poisoning set in, and the man died. Beer was responsible for his death. Among the poor and ignorant, beer, stout, and wine are still considered nu-trients and foods. The nutritive value of these beverages amounts to very little. They are never taken because of the nutritive properties they contain. No intelligent physician ever prescribes their use for the purpose of imparting strength. They are used and prescribed because they deaden the sensation of fatigue which is felt by the poorly nourished body in need of food or of rest. Alcohol does not impart strength ; therefore it can not be considered a nu-trient or food. By numerous experi- ments, made upon animals and upon men, it has been found that even small doses of alcohol diminish the working power. Athletes abstain from its use in order to excel. Railway engineers and other employees in positions requiring accuracy are not considered safe if they use alco-hol in moderation. It has also been found necessary to restrict the use of alcohol on the battle-field. The abstinent soldier is more reliable. He marches better ; he shoots better ; he is not sub-ject to frequent attacks of sickness and other indispositions, as is the user of alcohol. In exposure to severe cold, alcohol has been found dangerous to life because it reduces body temperature. The additional burdens thrown upon the liver by the use of alcohol make it incapable of oxidizing uric acid and other dangerous body wastes ; as a result, these get past the liver into the tissues, where, by constant irritation, they do great in-jury. Gout, rheumatism, neuritis, irri-table temper, and periods of despondency and depression, are frequently associated with the moderate use of alcohol. A state of chronic congestion is also brought about in the organs of elimina-tion Š the kidneys and lungs. Kidney diseases, pneumonia, and other lung dis-eases are more common among moderate users of alcohol than among total ab-stainers. Alcohol, however, exerts its most ruin-ous effects upon the most delicate and sensitive structures of the body ; namely, the brain and nerve tissue. Sunday-Laws and Prohibition THE Signs of the Times of Oct. I, 1912, contains the following question and answer, to which we gladly give space here:Š "'Pleasehere:  give the reasons why a law prohibiting the manufacture and sale of intoxicants is right, and one forbidding Sunday labor is wrong. Are not both class legislation?' " The design of the prohibition of the 