560 30 LIBERTY " This bill makes religion the attribute of a corporation, and of a corporation only. By this bill a man must either observe Sunday as dictated by the state, from the church, or else by edict of the state he must be a ' member of a relig-ious society.' " " Gentlemen of the Committee : The conclusion of the whole matter, the sum of all that can be said, is that this leg-islation would doubly revolutionize this whole nation. First, in that, being es-sentially religious, it commits the nation to the old order of things,Ñ govern-mental domination of religion and in re-ligion. Secondly, in that it sweeps away absolutely and forevermore all right of individuality in religion. And in this double revolutionizing of things here, it is doubly unconstitutional and doubly antichristian." No Sabbath Legislation Wanted The next speaker was G. B. Thomp-son, who said, in part : Ñ " We are told that the reason we are here opposing this bill, Mr. Chairman, is because we keep another day than Sunday. Now, I want to say that we would be opposed to any law that would require anybody to keep the seventh clay. We oppose this thing from principle; because the government of this nation has no right to legislate concerning Sun-day, or the true Sabbath, or any other day. It is not proper for the state to legislate upon this question. " Many of the promoters of this bill claim that they do not want religious legislation; that all they want is 'a civil observance of the day. Now, gentlemen, any law that will keep a man civil on Saturday or on Tuesday will keep him civil on Sunday. We have laws in the District of Columbia that require every man to be civil seven days in the week. Isn't that all that is necessary to make a man civil on Sunday? " Petitions Presented At this juncture petitions against the passage of the bill were presented by W. A. Colcord, secretary of the Relig-ious Liberty Bureau, as follows : Ñ Two hundred fifty-three petitions from the various States, containing 10,962 sig-natures. Eighty-six petitions from the District of Columbia, containing 1,321 signatures. Three memorials signed by sixty mer-chants of the District. Independent Citizens' Union of Mary-land, io,000 members. Camp Six of Patriotic Order of Sons of America, 346 members. One petition from California, ad-dressed to Hon. J. C. Needham, contain-ing 108 signatures. Total, 345 petitions; 22,797 signatures. There was also presented the follow-ing resolution, adopted the previous day :Ñ " Resolved, That the District of Co-lumbia Conference of Seventh-day Ad-ventists enters its most earnest protest against the passage of the Johnston Sun-day bill now before the District Com-mittee of the House of Representatives." In addition to these petitions there have been sent direct to members of Congress a large number of petitions containing many thousands of signatures remonstrating against the proposed leg-islation. The total number of petitions thus presented to Congress was 1,331, with 52,097 signatures. Sufficient Legislation Already Mr. W. H. Rapley, manager of the New National Theater, and associate manager of the Academy of Music, op-posed the bill on the ground that there was already sufficient legislation to meet all requirements. Good Reasons tor Opposition K. C. Russell, chairman of the Relig-ious Liberty Bureau, presented the next argument against the bill, giving a va-riety of reasons for his opposition : Ñ " 1. Because, should Congress pass this bill and it become a law, the na-tional government would then be de-parting from the exalted position it has so long maintained on the principle of a total separation between the church and the state." 