STATUE OF LIBERTY " Throughout the last two years there has come more and more into my heart the conviction that peace is going to come to the whole world only with liberty."ŠWoodrow Wilson. LIBERTY 5 " But why dost thou judge thy brother? or why dost thou set at naught thy brother? for we shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ." Rom. 14: 1o. figiously believes, that Sunday, or the first day of the week, is the day upon which all per-sons should rest; and is the day that should be observed as holy time by all Christians; in commemoration of the greatest fact in our religion; the resurrection of our Lord. But cannot, and would not if I could, make my conscience the standard of my brother. We are all fallible, and I would not assume the responsibility of forcing him to adopt my faith; for should I be wrong my responsibility would then be doubled. And the Legislature in-tended to refrain from in-terfering with, or coercing the conscience of those, who uniformly a n d conscien-tiously keep another day than the first day of the week as holy time, by the provisions of Sec. 2406. And we think this is in har-mony with the spirit and genius of our government. And when our Legislators exempted persons, who uni-formly, conscientiously, and religiously keep another day, from the penalties of the statute, they intended to give them a substance and not a shadow. Hence we think the Legislature in-tended to use the word ' servile' ,as synonymous with secular. And in this we are sustained by Glad-win v. Lewis, 6 Conn. 49, t6 Amer. Dec. 33. But even without a precedent, we think, no other construction could give vitality to the real Legislative intent. " But it is facetiously argued by some courts, that to say to these people they shall keep our Sunday, does not prevent them from also keep-ing the day they regard as ' holy day.' But these courts overlook the fact, that under the divine commandment these people are striving to obey, it is just as imperative that they work six days, as it is that they rest on the seventh. And if their conscience compels them to rest one day, and the law forces them to also rest another, they would thus be forced to vio-late the first provision of the commandment  they are attempting conscientiously to keep. " For these reasons and others that might be added; we think the judgment should be re-versed. "The judgment is therefore reversed, and the cause remanded with directions to dismiss the case. " Doyle, P. J., and Armstrong, J., concur." This is a very important decision, in- asmuch as it recognizes the American principle of government, Š that the conscience of the minority is just as sa- cred as the conscience of the majority, and should be preserved in-violate. The broad, liberal, and courageous position taken by the supreme court of Okla-homa is in harmony with Constitutional ju-risprudence, but not in harmony with former decisions o f certain courts. We have often been amazed at the un- American construction a n d interpretation which the courts put upon the guaranties of religious liberty and in-dividual rights vouch- safed by the Federal and State constitutions, and have often wondered why they could not compre-hend that there is no such thing as re- ligious liberty and equality of right for the Sabbatarian when they compel him to rest on Sunday after he has already rested on the seventh day, or Satur-day. When the courts exact Sun-day observance from the Sabbatarian they place him on an inequality be-fore the law with the Sunday observer. " Therefore thus saith the Lord: Ye have not hearkened unto me, in proclaiming liberty, every one to his brother, and every man to his neighbor: behold. I proclaim a liberty for you. saith the Lord." Jer. 34: 17. 