92 LIBERTY which runs from the individual through Congress to God, and makes each indi-vidual responsible not to God, but to Congress, for his religious opinions and practices. And inasmuch as man in the place of God is nothing less than " the mystery of iniquity," it at once becomes clear how, in entering upon a course of religious legislation, the United States will take  the backward path to Rome, violate all the principles of the gospel of Christ, and take its place in the ranks of the great persecuting powers of history. For as in the past, religious persecu-tion has always been the result of the as-sumption of authority by men in the realm of religion, so today, when men again assume authority in religious things, persecution will inevitably follow. A Tremendous Parallel Between Rome and the American Republic BY TAYLOR G. BUNCH DR. JAMES S. McGAw, field secretary of the National Reform Association, in a speech delivered in Medford, Oregon, June, 1913, said : Š "America is not safe. He who says it is, has never put his ear to the ground and lis-tened to the rumblings. There is a tremendous parallel between the United States today and Rome just before she went down." This National Reformer stated a fact that the events of the last half century compel us to recognize whether we wish to or not. Webster defines tremendous as something " to be trembled at." Yes, indeed, there is a tremendous parallel be-tween the American Republic at the pres-ent time and Rome just before she made her final plunge,Š a parallel that ought to cause every American to tremble. We could draw many parallels between the two republics, but the greatest evi-dence that we are following in the foot-steps of Rome is the presence in this na-tion of the National Reform Association and similar organizations, whose plans, if successfully carried out, will unite church and state, as was done by the " reform-ers " of Rome, and will cause a repetition of what naturally followed at that time Š the Dark Ages. The work of the Na-tional Reform Association and kindred organizations makes the parallel truly tremendous. The beginning of the union of church  and state that brought on the terrible persecution in Rome was a little innocent-looking Sunday law decreed by Constan-tine in 321 A. a This law had exemption clauses for certain classes, which were later removed, and there was no stopping place till Europe's soil was drenched with the blood of a hundred million martyrs. The cause of the prevailing evils in the United States was attributed by Dr. Mc-Gaw to the fact that all over the land factories and mills are running and men and women are working on Sunday. The remedy suggested was religious legisla-tion, especially well-enforced Sunday laws. Just before Rome fell there were men who recognized the evils that were sapping the vitality of the nation, and they suggested and tried the same remedy proposed by Dr. McGaw for the United States. History testifies to the fact that the remedy was worse than the dis-ease, and the result was not a reforma-tion, but the Dark Ages. The results of the work of the " national reformers " of Rome in the fourth century ought to be a terrible warning to the citizens of this great Republic, and a lasting rebuke to America's so-called reformers who advo-cate the same remedy now. Our government is founded on the two great God-given principles of civil and religious liberty, which means an absolute separation of church and state ; and 