74 LIBERTY In religious matters the state must in justice leave every man free to do that which is right in his own eyes, provided he does not violate the law of equal rights and civility. When this freedom is recognized, the Spirit of God, which is the spirit of holiness, cares for his own ; and where men are free, conditions will not exist such as prevailed in Rome, in Great Britain, in New England. " After having made man free to sin, that the eternal principle of love might work itself ttf out in external acts of righteousness unhindered by force,Š after having made man thus, has God given to any human authority the right to take away that freedom, and so thwart the plans of God?" All lovers of liberty will answer, No. Freedom to think, to speak, to act, does not mean a society where sin will not be-come rampant; it means rather a society where lawlessness will not prevail, but where equity and right will reign sov-ereign. The Limits of Rightful Authority BY C. P. NEARLY all the world recognizes, at least in theory, that civil authority has its limitations. But even in our own land of delegated powers and of written con-stitutions, we do not find universal agree-ment as to just where the line between legitimate authority and arbitrary power should be drawn. Indeed, there seems to be a tendency in some quarters toward a narrowing down of the absolute rights of citizens, and a corresponding enlarge-ment of the powers of civil rulers. Perhaps it would not be going too far to say that there is a constantly growing and ominous encroachment of municipal, State, and national " police powers " upon the Constitutional guaranties of personal liberty. The late Senator Ingalls once said : " The domain that government invades it dominates; the jurisdiction it takes it keeps." Truer words were never spoken, and it is for exactly this reason that the people should be most jealous for their rights. Eternal vigilance has not ceased, nor will it ever cease, to be the price of liberty. There is no department of the Amer-ican government that touches the every-day life of all the people as does the  BOLLMAN Postal Department, with its splendid mail service. It is probable for this reason that it has been especially singled out as the point of attack by those who would change our government from a purely political to a semi-ecclesiastical institu-tion, with power to enforce not only our civil duties, but real or imaginary reli-gious ones as well. As far back in the history of our gov-ernment 'as 181o, Congress was strongly petitioned to discontinue the Sunday mail service. And from that time until the present, such petitions have been pre-sented at more or less frequent intervals. Jan. 19, 1829, the Senate Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads made report on a number of such petitions. through its chairman, Hon. Richard M. Johnson, of Kentucky, which report was in part as follows : Š " The transportation of the mail on the first day of the week, it is believed, does not interfere with the rights of conscience. The petitioners for its discontinuance appear to be actuated by a religious zeal, which may be commendable if confined to its proper sphere : but they assume a position better suited to an ecclesiastical than to a civil institution. They appear in many instances to lay it down as an axiom that the practice is a violation of the law of God."Š Senate Report, 1829. If Congress shall, by the authority of law, sanction the measure recommended [the discontinuance of Sunday mails], it would constitute a legislative decision of a reli-gious controversy, in which even Christians themselves are at issue.Š House Report on Sunday Mails, Twenty-first Congress. 