46 LIBERTY to every man, woman, and child in this country represent a sufficient quantity of absolute alcohol to supply every adult Šwomen as well as men, with no allowance for teetotalers of either sex Š with this thirty-five-gram dose of alcohol on each week-day of the year, and with a double dose on every Sunday. It would suffice, in other words, to keep every adult in America permanently alcoholized to a scientifically measurable extent. Of course, every one is aware that there are large numbers of individuals Šsome millions of them in the aggregate Šwho choose not to consume their share of the alcohol thus allotted, or any por-tion thereof ; but it follows, as a simple matter of mathematics, that the remain-ing millions who are not abstainers con-sume just so much the more. By the simple logic of unchallenged figures, then, we are forced to conclude that the millions of non-abstainers consume, on the average, a daily quantity of alcohol very markedly in excess of the quantity which has been proved by rigidly con-ducted experiments to be highly in-jurious. In other words, it is thus demonstrable that it is not merely the exceptional per-son, but the average drinker, who is ta= king alcohol in toxic quantities. This, surely, demonstrates that the alcohol problem, as presented to to-day's civil-ization, is a veritable race problem of appalling magnitude. It is a vital, living pKoblem, the bearings of which impinge, directly or indirectly, upon the practical interests of every citizen, in whatever walk of life.ŠMcClure's Magazine, Feb-ruary, ism. SAID a temperance worker who had felt the dreadful sting of the liquor busi-ness : " I hate the drink traffic as virtue hates vice, as truth hates error, as right-eousness hates sin, as justice hates wrong, as liberty hates tyranny, as free-dom hates oppression." Liquor is the greatest waster in the world, and wan-tonly squanders the world's most pre-cious asset Š manhood. Books THE following books ought to be in the li-brary of every lover of religious liberty: Š The Failure of the Higher Criticism, by Emil Reich. Jennings & Graham, Cincin-nati, or Eaton & Mains, New York; 203 pages; cloth, $r.00 net. This book will be a valuable addition to the library of all who love the Word of God. It shows in a stri-king manner the emptiness of the charges made by the higher critics against the Bible, who think to retain the sentiment of the holy Book while destroying its substance. Those especially who have been troubled by the progress of the Higher Criticism and the assertions of its exponents should not fail to read this book. Romanism Analyzed, by John McDonald, B. D. The Scottish Reformation Society, No. 17 George IV Bridge, Edinburgh, Scot-land; 483 pages; cloth. For price, inquire of the publishers. This remarkable analysis of Romanism is conducted " in the light of Scripture, reason, and history," and in so able a manner as to leave nothing to be de-sired. Each doctrine or dogma that makes Romanism a distinctive religion is taken up in catechetical form, exposed and refuted in a fearless, refreshing, and convincing man-ner. In his attack upon the fundamental teachings of the Roman system the author's deductions are most forceful and his logic irrefutable. With this book at his elbow, the possessor can answer at once every vital proposition of the Catholic religion. The Beginnings of New England, by John Fiske. Houghton, Mifflin & Co., Boston and New York ; 296 pages; cloth ; price, $2.00. This is a well-written, careful portrayal of the interesting and important events con-nected with the establishment of the New England colonies. The writer deals largely with the Puritan theocracy in its relation to civil and religious liberty, after contrasting in an able and instructive manner the devel-opment of the two ideas of nation-making known as the Roman idea and the English idea. The work shows painstaking research, and will well repay careful reading and study. The Huguenots in France, by Samuel Smiles. George Routledge & Sons, London, England, or New York; 528 pages; cloth. The history of the Huguenots who remained in France after the revocation of the edict of Nantes is made little of by historians in general, most of them seeming to have taken it for granted that Protestantism was completely snuffed out in France by the cruel edicts of Louis XIV. The thrilling pages of this author's work abundantly dis-prove any such assumption, and the expe-riences of that persecuted people ought to be made familiar to the reading public. Incidentally the author shows what a ter-rible travesty on both justice and religion is a union of clericalism and the civil power. 