LIBERTY 23 tians in every respect, as those who favor the law. All the difference is created by legislation respecting a religious institu-tion with which civil government has no right to meddle. Consider Its Workings One class of citizens religiously ob-serve Sunday, as they have a perfect right to do, so far as man is concerned. Another class religiously observe the sev-enth day, which they have an equal right to do. The numbers in either class have no bearing upon the question ; for relig-ion is not a matter of numbers, but of man's personal relation to his God. The seventh-day man may keep his day, but he has no right to coerce the first-day keeper to keep the seventh day also. Has the Sunday-keeper the right to coerce his seventh-day neighbor? ŠCertainly he has not. Yet he seeks to do that very thing in securing a Sunday law. The seventh-day keeper has the same rights before God and under a constitu-tion establishing and conserving equal-ity, to observe his day, as the Sunday-keeper has to observe his day ; but the Sunday law now steps in and demands that the seventh-day observer, after he has conscientiously observed one day, shall observe another, not only contrary to his conscience, but against his tem-poral interests. The Sunday laW therefore demands one sixth of the seventh-day observer's time, or sixteen and two-thirds per cent of hij income, which it does not demand of the first-day observer. And it de-mands this not because of any relation he may sustain to the state or to his fel-lows, but solely because of the other man's religion, solely to honor the other man's religious day. A tax of sixteen and two-thirds per cent is thus laid upon men to support a religious institution held by a class. Is this just? Nay; is it not the rankest injustice? Can any truly just Sunday-observer stand for such a law ? Statutory enactments in behalf of re-ligious institutions or doctrines, unless  the law becomes a dead letter (which religious bigots would never permit), inevitably result in making the vacil-lating and insincere hypocrites, and in persecuting the brave and conscientious opposers. The Sunday law of whatever form is therefore inequitable and un-just. He who believes himself theolog-ically right can afford to be legally fair and just. In the ultimate, religious leg-islation always works out inequality, in-justice, tyranny, oppression, persecution. Mountain View, Cal. All Men Created Equal L. A. SMITH IN the days when the Declaration of Independence was given to the world, it was accepted as a self-evident truth that " all men are created equal." But there has come a falling away from the prin-ciples of the political gospel delivered to our forefathers, and it is now com-monly asserted that all men are not cre-ated equal. The statement is denied and ridiculed. A sample utterance of this character, emanating from a college professor, runs like this : Š " How any one who knows anything of human life can say that all men are created equal, passes our comprehen-sion. The one great fact which strikes the most superficial observer, and which overwhelms the most thoughtful, is the enormous inequalities to be found among men born in the same land even, not to say those born in different lands. They are unequal in physical strength, in men-tal gifts, in the possession of wealth, in the number of friends, in all their sur-roundings." All this is, indeed, evident to the su-perficial observer; but more than this is evident to one whose observations are not of the most superficial character. The Declaration does not consider the ques-tion of equality of circumstances, but of rights. And the very fact that men are unequal in circumstances Š that some possess much more power than others Šis the very reason 'why the doctrine that 