Contributed Articles On the Wheel of History C. M. SNOW OUT of the dark and into the light, out of the light into the darkness again, is the course of many a movement pic-tured in the history of the world. His-torians recognize this ebb and flow of human experiences, though unable to ac-count for the phenomenon. The epoch of the rise and decline of genuine relig-ious freedom is conformable to the rule of this unexplainable repetition in his-tory. For centuries the world did not know the meaning of the term " religious freedom." It was clearly enunciated by the Carpenter of Nazareth; after long centuries it appeared in full bloom in the Constitution of our nation. Now the recessional period seems at hand, and the thoughtless multitude is turning the back upon it. So far from compulsion in religious matters, the Author of salvation de-clared : " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." But this was a doctrine unknown during the papal dispensation and during America's colonial period, save to those who smarted under the cruel hand of a per-secuting hierarchy. Jesus Christ found a condition of re-ligious intolerance and a united church and state, and his teaching was a rebuke to it. He was lifted up upon the cross, a victim of the intolerance of his times. His followers were hunted in every country as the legal prey of the intol-erant system. A time came when their increased numbers made them respected. That was the hour of the church's great temptation. The organized body yielded, as did Eve in Eden ; and the great de-ceiver accomplished by stratagem and temptation what he could not accomplish by open threat and force. He induced the church as an organization to deny her Lord. She became an oppressor, not of the heathen only, but of the true  followers of the Lord she professed to serve, putting them to cruel deaths in his name. Constantine's Edict of Milan, grant-ing religious freedom to all, was repu-diated by his sons in their acts, and the church he established relegated it to oblivion, so far as her interest in the edict's perpetuation was concerned. For fourteen hundred years the principles of that edict and the principles laid down by Jesus Christ found expression only among the scattered flocks of our Lord's fold in the mountains, the deserts, and the wilderness. The Reformation broke the power of the papal church to a large extent; but the lessons of intolerance which Luther and Calvin had learned in the school of the Catholic hierarchy they practised upon those who differed with them, when they had the power so to do. They left the church as they found it, in unholy wedlock with the state, and forged new fetters to bind the consciences of men. This is demonstrated in the persecution and death of those who perished with their sanction or by their orders. In spite of bitter persecution, in spite of death itself, there persisted, during all that dark time, a little band who would not yield their faith at the com-mand of an earthly power. They were the Paulicians, the Albigenses, the Wal-denses, and the Anabaptists. The first three named suffered all things at the hands of Rome, while the last named were the special object of attack by the established churches of the Reformation, as well as by the Catholic Church. It was these Anabaptists who became the real apostles of religious freedom for both the Old World and the New. Their blood flowed like water in Europe be-cause they insisted on an unshackled conscience. That they were not exter-minated in all Europe, as in Germany and Switzerland, was due to the cham-pioning of their cause by Prince William of Orange. 