01'2 10 LIBERTY of corporal pains and penalties. And such crimes have been the necessary con-comitant of a union of religion and the state wherever there has been a joining of the two. The state is the embodiment of force. It takes hold of things for one of two purposes, either to force them into active being or to force them out of existence. When it takes hold of religion, it is either to prohibit it or to compel its acceptance and the performance of its ceremonies. But it can not do either without dealing with individuals, for only individuals are religious. Therefore, when a state pro-hibits a religion, it prohibits individuals from following the principles of that re-ligion. And when the state takes hold of a religion for the other purpose, the en-forcement of that religion, it is still deal-ing with individuals. To compel the ac-ceptance of a religion, it has to compel individuals to do the accepting. In doing so, it interferes with those individuals' right to reject that religion if its prin-ciples do not appeal to them. This is fundamental and vital. The state is the people in their cor-porate capacity; but the people of no civilized state have ever been known to be unanimous in the matter of religion. Therefore when any state enforces any religion, it is not the whole people who do it, but a majority of the people. So we have the anomaly of one portion of the people forcing their religious prac-tises upon another portion of the people. That is, they worship God as they see fit, and, in addition, compel other people to worship God as they do not see fit. The result is, in reality, that their own worship is nullified by their unchristian conduct toward the other class ; and the other class, by yielding to their compul-sion, worship, not God, but the power which prescribes the ceremonials of their religious performances. The entire per-formance on the part of those who corn- pel and those who permit themselves to be compelled, is a blasphemous travesty on true religion. It accomplishes no pur-pose but an evil one. It makes slaves of free-born men and women. It interferes with the benign purposes of Jehovah, and mocks heaven itself. Where God de-mands character, it puts apeing and mimicry. Where God demands pearls and diamonds, such a system puts glass and rotten stone. Character comes by loyal obedience to God's Word, a faithful following of a heaven-enlightened conscience. In the program of a state-fostered religion there is no place for this. Fawning syco-phancy takes its place. The image of God is blurred and blotted out, and naught remains on which heaven can set its seal. The crime of crimes is the forcing of conscience ; and that arch crime is im-possible save where religion and the state are joined ; and wherever these two institutions are united in any degree, that iniquitous program is either in active operation or is held in check, as were the waters of the Johnstown flood, only by a fickle dam of shale and straw, liable to burst upon the people at any moment. Moreover, wherever the state yields to the demands of clerical politicians and legislates upon matters that have to do with religion and religious dogmas or ceremonials or customs, the camel's head is within the tent, and no one but the camel can tell when his body will follow. There is no guaranty in this world against the superstitions and darkness and persecutions and martyrdoms of the Dark Ages unless the fundamental prin-ciples of the nation are maintained " in all their vigor and in all their virtue " as humanity's blood-bought heritage. America can not maintain that heritage and yield one iota of the principles on which the nation was founded. With the state attending to the temporal af- 