36 LIBERTY As a result of enforcing Sunday laws in some of the States, more than one hundred seventh-day Christians have been imprisoned for doing lawful work on the first day of the week. In nearly every case it was shown that the Sunday statute was used against these people be-cause of their practise and preaching concerning the Sabbath question. This fact, together with the many efforts being put forth by religious leaders to enforce Sunday observance by civil law, clearly illustrates the truth of the claim made herein, that Sunday laws are religious in their aim and character and thus viola-tive of the spirit of the Constitution. But, whether or not the Supreme Court of the United States shall ever have this question involving the rights of citizen-ship under the Fourteenth Amendment to decide, it is very likely that the court will be called upon to determine whether or not the Sunday laws of the States interfere with the business of the nation. The following incident, published in the Washington Post of September 8, will serve to indicate the possibility of just such a case : Š State Laws Halt Troops Army Officer Agitated by Stopping of Trains on Sunday A grave question has been raised as to the right of a State to prevent the movement of United States troops by stopping railroad transportation on Sun-day. When the camp of instruction was held at Chickamauga National Park last year, the arrival of the First North Caro-lina Infantry and the Third South Caro-lina Infantry was delayed by the South Carolina law prohibiting the running of special trains on Sunday. A similar law exists in Georgia, and two companies of coast artillery moving by special trains from Mobile to Charles-ton, were compelled to lie over at Augusta because of this law. Brigadier-General Mills, commanding the depart-ment of the Gulf, has brought the matter to the attention of the War Department, with a view to such action as will prevent unnecessary delay in the troops' move-ments. It is possible that the matter will be referred to the Attorney-General and the Interstate Commerce Commission to determine what course shall be pursued. The outcome of this grave question will be watched with considerable interest and concern by the political as well as the religious forces of the United States. S. B. H. Deserting the Pulpit IN one local conference of a numer-ically strong denomination it was re- corded in September last that during the year previous fifty-seven " charges " had been vacated. The report published in the press at the time read as follows : Š Fifty-seven men, the greater number of them young and in the prime of life, will quit the ministry at this time to engage in secular lines of work. Many of these men are only a few years out of the university and seminary. The general complaint is that the salary paid is not sufficient. The professed reason given is neither logical nor consistent. Nevertheless, the real reason is so plainly expressed even  in this short quotation that he that runs may read it, and read it running if need be. These men were the professed followers of Jesus Christ, who had not where to lay his head. We do not hear of him complaining of his salary; he had none to complain of. Paul was an ex-ample to the believers. But we hear of no complaints from him about the mea-gerness of his wages. He worked with his own hands for the supplying of his physical needs, and suffered hardships such as have fallen to the lot of few. Yet when he was waiting the execution of the death sentence, we hear him saying: " I have fought a good fight, I have fin- 