LIBERTY 109 tinally burned to death by Calvin's the-ocracy, for having opposed the doctrine of the Trinity. These are a few samples of fruits produced by this man-made theocracy. The theocracy itself was an exact counterpart of the Papacy, which grew out of Augustine's theocratical theory of government. And, like the Papacy, it invaded the rights of the people. It robbed them of their liberties. The theory propounded by Michael  Augustine and adopted by Calvin, at present occupies a prominent place in the schemes of many religious organiza-tions in this and other Protestant lands. And as the germ of each scheme is the same, the fruits are not likely to be different. The only just and safe course to pursue is to keep the state and the church separate, and to allow men to exercise the fullest liberty in matters of re-ligion. This is in harmony with the words of Christ, " Render . . . unto Caesar the Servetus things which are Csar's; and unto God the things that are God's." Washington. D. C. The Struggle for Liberty ID El UP to the early part of the sixteenth century there was little liberty in rope,Š little liberty, civil or religious. The state and the church had formed an unholy alliance against the liberties of men. For freedom of conscience, free-dom of opinion, men were condemned by the Inquisition to die; and as when Christ was condemned by the Jewish church and turned over to the Roman procurator to be crucified, so the church condemned men and women for their opinions, and called upon the state to inflict punishment. In almost every country of Europe fires were lighted to burn " heretics," and multitudes of mar-tyrs preferred death to the surrender of their rights of private opinion, and lib-erty to worship God according to their consciences. The great battle between truth and tyranny was on, and thousands of men had to choose between oppres-sion and death. They contended for the truth, refusing to give up the eternal principles of righteousness. God is truth and will prevail. Martin Luther, John Calvin, and John Knox thundered the truths of the Bible out over Europe, giving men back their Bibles, and so the people rose to con-tend for truth and liberty. They set  their faces toward the sunrise, and strug-gled for the light of a great day. Old Calvin in his lecture-room in Ge-neva, showed men a vision of an infinite, eternal, and unchangeable God, the sov-ereign of the universe; and having seen this magnificent vision of the Almighty, the people no longer feared man, priest, pope, or emperor. They saw in these but gilded worms of the dust, wearing gay garments of assumed authority and power over human souls. Luther burned the Pope's bull, and brave hearts all over Europe who had seen and felt the power of God, defied the Pope, the priests, bishops, and all the mad hosts of clergy of the Roman Church. They had set out to win liberty, and would stop at no hard-ship in quest of this unspeakable boon. To make a long, a very long, and ter-rible, but glorious story, short, they won liberty in Germany, Switzerland, Hol-land, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, and the British Isles, and we are the heritors of the splendid legacy they left to fol-lowing generations. The reason we have absolute freedom of conscience in Amer-ica today is because our fathers fought, bled, and died for truth, and for her imperial daughter, Liberty.Š Presbyte-rian of the South, June 30. T9.t5. 