GU STAVE V AND IllS WIFE, THE KING AND QUEEN OF SWEDEN LIBERTY 11 of such wrong to break down the most perfectly constituted government." Sunday legislation can result only in evil. W. A. C. A Review of Lawyer Jack-son's Sunday Law Brief AT the close of the hearing on the Johnston District Sunday bill before the House Committee on the District of Columbia, be= gun March 8 and concluded March i6, Mr. E. Hilton Jack-son, a Washington attorney, presented a thirty - two - page " brief," prepared " on behalf of " the Washington ministers' " Sunday Rest Committee," in which he sets forth " the legal and constitutional aspects of Senate Bill No. 404 "Š the Johnston Sunday bill. The author of the brief does as well, perhaps, as any one could do in an attempt to sup-port a bad cause; but the brief is a veritable tissue of the most glaring inconsistencies and contradic-tions. We notice a few of the many in-consistent, untenable, and contradictory positions taken in it. Do Sunday Laws Enforce Sunday Observance? Thus, at the beginning, the brief says: Š Here, at the outset, it may be observed, American legislation on this subject. with the exception of some early colonial legislation, neither enforces nor enjoins the observance of Sunday, but simply compels the cessation from the usual avocations of life, with certain exceptions coming generally under works of necessity and charity. And yet the title of the Johnston Sun-day bill, which the brief was gotten out especially to uphold, and which is quoted on page i of the brief, itself says, " An  act for the proper observance of Sunday as a day of rest in the District of Co-lumbia ; " and a Colot'ado court decision is quoted approvingly in which it is stated that Š the stability of government, as well as the welfare and interest of society, ren-ders it necessary that the day of rest should be uniform and that its observ-ance should be compulsory. The Model for American Sunday Statutes The brief endeavors to show that " the Christian sabbath is a civil institution," that our present Sunday laws are only " police regulations," and are not at all religious; and yet under the heading, " History of Sunday Legislation," it says : Š By far the most important English statute concerning the observance of 