LIBERTY  23 observance must be rendered to him and antagonism to all laws protecting the first to no one else. Rest-day observance does day of the week except such as would not belong to the state. The only relation make it a mere holiday."Ñ"Sabbath the state can rightfully sustain to rest- Laws in the United States," by R. C. day observance is to protect each individ-  Wylie, pages 1-3. ual in the right granted to him in the  To protect the first day of the week matter.  from being made a " mere holiday " is But a very great wrong is done by the the object of all Sunday legislation. state in enforcing Sunday observance. Again : Ñ The conscientious Christian, in obedience  " During nearly all our American his- to the fourth commandment, observes the tory the churches have influenced the seventh day as the rest day ; but the state States to make and improve Sabbath confronts him with another rest day, laws."Ñ Rev. W. F. Crafts, in Christian saying in substance : " It is true you have Statesman, July 3, 1890. kept the day you conscientiously regard  " Give us good Sunday laws, well en- as the true rest day, but you ' must pro-  forced by men *in local authority, and ceed along the lines of expediency,' be-  our churches will be full of worshipers." cause others Ñ the majority Ñ observe Ñ Rev. S. V. Leech, in Homiletic Re-another day, and you will have to ob-  view for November, 1892. serve the rest day of the majority, no  " A weekly day of rest has never been matter what your pecuniary loss may be, permanently secured in any land except no matter what the fourth commandment on the basis of religious obligation. Take says, no matter how you may view the the religion out and you take the rest situation from the standpoint of your out."Ñ Rev. W. F. Crafts, in " Hearing conscience." If this is not unjust, un- on Sunday-Rest Bill," Dec. 13, 1888. American, unconstitutional, then it is  And, if Sunday is regarded by the hard to find a case of that nature.  state only as a dies non, as in the cases If religion is not the basis of Sunday of July 4, election day, Labor day, etc., laws, why do the following statements then why prohibit on that day the things form so large a part of the literature now permitted on other such days? The an-being distributed in behalf of more strin-  swer is patent upon its face : Because gent laws on the subject of Sunday or Sunday observance cannot be discon- rest-day observance? Ñ  nected from religion, a realm into which " The first legislation within the terri-  the Christian church in its early history tory now occupied by the United States unwisely placed Sunday, to the discredit was by the assembly of Virginia in 1619. of the Sabbath of Jehovah. It contained a provision with respect to  We submit, therefore, that any legisla- the proper observance of the Sabbath... . tion the effect of which would be to " At the time of the outbreak of the thwart the conscientious desire of a Revolutionary war, the law known as the Christian to work six days of the 29th, Charles II, Chapter VII, enacted week and rest upon the seventh day, in 1676, was the Sabbath law in force in is a manifest interference with an in-all the American colonies. In legal cir-  alienable right vouchsafed by the Al-cles it is regarded as the immediate his-  mighty. Stated in another way, By en-torical antecedent of all our present Sab-  forcing Sunday observance by civil law bath legislation. . . . In more recent the state in effect compels the Bible Sab-years there has been a marked and grow-.  batarian to observe two days, one by so-ing tendency to depart from the strict-  called permission, the other by compul-ness of -Sabbath legislation. In some sion. States there has developed a pronounced  Washington, D. C. 