STATUE OF DANIEL WEBSTER, WASHINGTON Whatever makes men good Christians, makes them good citizens.Ñ Daniel Webster. LIBERTY  5 renewed before we can hope for new social and civic conditions. Let us labor and pray for what people nowadays sneer at as " an old-fashioned revival "Ñ of the fash-ion of the first revival when Peter preached on the streets of Jerusalem. Rev. Arthur S. Burrows (Baptist), of Boston, writes:Ñ Soul-freedom is the bulwark of religious liberty, the inevitable outgrowth of the New Testament principles, that each must hear for himself, must repent for himself, must believe for himself, must confess Christ for himself, must be baptized on his own confession (Rom. 14: 22). We come into this world one by one, we must go to Christ one by one for his pardon-ing grace, and we leave this world one by one to be re-warded according to our works. Hence the state has no au-thority over the re-ligious beliefs and observances of men, whether orthodox or heretic, atheist or heathen. Jesus did not say, " Tarry in the halls of legislation, until ye be endowed with power from the state; " but, " Tarry ye in the city of Jerusalem, until ye b e endowed with power from on high." Luke 24: 49. He did not say, " Ye shall receive power after ye have gained control of legislation; " but, " Ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you." Acts I : 8. He did not say, " Without the power of the state ye can do nothing; " but, " With-out me ye can do nothing." John 15: 5. When Peter and the other apostles began their evangelistic work, they were outlaws in every country under heaven. Imperial Rome ruled the world. The death penalty hung over the head of every one who dared to teach a new religion. But in spite of all this, and against all the power and ma-chinery of the mightiest nation that ever ruled the world, under the influence of the Holy Spirit thousands were converted in a  day, and within a short time the whole col-ossal fabric of paganism was undermined. They labored for the salvation of souls, not for the " conversion of nations." And just as long as the church depended alone upon the power of the Holy Spirit, she went forth conquering and to conquer. But just in proportion as she began to " pull wires for the kingdom of God " at the court of Con-stantine, to that degree she lost the power of the Holy Spirit. And when she ceased converting men as individuals, and began " converting men by nations," then ap-peared the " Holy Roman Empire " and all the dark history of intolerance and persecution which followed. The same is true of the Reformation. Tts leaders said, " It is with the word we must fight ; " " let there be no compul-sion; " " liberty is of the very essence of faith." It had " nothing to do with the world and with politics." But just to the extent that the reformed churches united once more with the world and earthly powers, they were shorn of divine power, and ceased to make con-verts. All evangelical Christians now freely admit that the early church apos- tatized. They ad- mit that friendship with the world and reliance upon human power caused this apostasy. They believe the same concern-ing the Reformation. Then why should they not cry out against and spurn as apos-tasy this modern movement for reunion with the world and dependence upon human power ? Let this be done. Let the church return to her first love and her first methods, and inscribe on her banner that ancient motto: " Not by might nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord." Society will be best served and humanity most blessed when the church and the state each do its divinely appointed work in its divinely appointed way. 