LIBERTY 3 institution into prominence, make a legal in all the world, and finally compel all to recognize it instead of the Sabbath of Jehovah. Cuba.Š Notwithstanding the fact that ninety-five per cent of the people of Cuba are declared to be absolutely indifferent to religious matters, a movement for stricter Sunday observance is growing there. The municipal authorities of Havana have taken up the matter, and have ordered that all places of business be closed on Sundays, except undertaking establishments, drug-stores, restaurants, fruit stores, newspaper offices, cigar stands, and dairies. Bakeries. butcher shops, and provision stores are allowed to remain Opel: until ten o'clock. This certainly indicates that Sunday laws are no indication of vital godliness on the part of the people who pass the laws or yield obedience to them. Italy.Š While affairs are drifting on toward a virtual union of church and state in America and Canada, it is interesting, and no doubt will be surprising to many, to know that Italy is showing signs of a desire to follow France in the matter of the separation of church and state. It is stated by a writer in the Gazette de Geneve that the demand for a separation between the Italian church and state is growing louder, and that a crisis may be expected soon. A short time ago the bishop of Cremona, Father Bonomelli, issued a pastoral letter which has given the Catholic world a shock. This bishop is considered one of the most influential Roman prelates, and his advo-cacy of the separation has certainly shaken some of the foundations of the church in Italy. It is the more astonishing because of its appearance immediately following a papal encyclical and its opposition to the age-long doctrines of the Vatican. This conflict has caused violent strife in Catho-lic ranks, and views are now loudly advo-cated that formerly were expressed in whis-pers. Says the writer above referred to: Š " These facts caused the pope to condemn the letter of the bishop of Cremona, but this merely added fuel to the flames, and the ennflict immediately hPC2TTIP national Tt is true that at the present the noise has lessened Š because of the disciplinary measures adopted by the Vatican." One of the most influential Italian papers, the Giornale d'Italia, has now started an inquiry upon the matter of church and state separation, and there seems to be a dis-tinct majority in favor of a separation. Journalists look for a heated discussion of the matter in th. near future. Canada.Š The Sunday law of Canada, fathered and nurtured by the Lord's Day Alliance, permits many industries to con-tinue unhindered on Sunday; but there is something which it can never agree to tolerate, and that is an observer of Jeho-vah's Sabbath quietly going about his busi-ness on the other six days of the week. Against such a thing all its powers were focused, and the exemption clause in favor of those who observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath was finally stricken out. An editorial in Collier's Weekly designates this Canadian Sunday law as "a faded blue-law "Š a " blue-law " because of the nature of the law, and " a faded blue-law " because of two clauses which were added to it.  One of these provides that nothing in the law shall interfere with any provincial law then or thereafter in force, and the other forbids prosecutions under the new law without the consent of the attorney-general of the province in which the offense was committed, or after the expiration of sixty days from the time of the commission of the alleged offense. It would seem that these clauses were added to prevent the enforcement of the law ; so we may expect another campaign on the part of the Lord's Day Alliance to remedy these defects so detrimental to the success of their church-and-state program. Russia. Š The decree issued by the czar in 5935 regarding religious liberty was shorn of its effect, as far as possible, by hostile officials, and so could not become as fully effective as it was designed that it should be. This was due largely to the failure of the elaborate supplementary legislation. In many cases the priurincial authorities ennstrued the law as they saw 