LIBERTY 87 Perth Amboy, N. J., on Oct. 23, 191o, the record states that his son is illegiti-mate. In the column of this document which contains space for the " name, place of birth, religion, and residence of the parents," the word " parents " is crossed out, and the word " mother " is substituted, and only the maiden name of the mother is given. The name of the husband, the father of the child, does not appear in the document except in this sentence, which is written under the heading " Remarks " : " The mother is living in concubinage with Francis Novotny." John Homa (Catholic) and Julia Bar-anyai (Reformed), who were married by Rev. Geza Korocz, a Hungarian Re-formed pastor of Trenton, N. J., took their son Stephen to the Roman Catholic priest Charles Radoczy, of Trenton, for baptism. In the certificate signed by this Roman Catholic curate, on Feb. 4, 1912, that child is stigmatized as illegitimate, and the following note is appended: " The parents were married before a Calvinistic preacher, which is no mar-riage according to the latest decree of our pontiff Pius X, and therefore the boy. is illegitimate." This document is in perfect accord with the other two. The marriage is declared no marriage, the parents there-fore living in concubinage, and the child illegitimate. And this coming from a different priest and a different city, in-dicates that the practise is general. It indicates that where Rome can, through the baptism of an infant, stigmatize a Protestant or civil marriage ceremony as null and void, and such union concubi-nage, and the children of such union ille-gitimate, she does not hesitate to do so, and to stamp such stigma with the official seal of her organization. Have persons  thus defamed no guaranty of protection for themselves or their offspring? Def-amation of character is a serious of-fense; and this is such defamation. Moreover, it is official and is public. Defamation of character is a punishable offense, and ought so to be, and the in-jured parties have the right to recover damages. If every person thus injured in the United States would invoke the protection which the law affords, this mode of pastime would become too ex-pensive for even the Roman Catholic Church to indulge in. The injured parties would doubtless seek redress in the courts were it not for the fear that the aggrieved priest would refuse them absolution or extreme unc-tion, and the offended church would re-fuse to pray them out of purgatory. And with that fear as a shield, Rome rides roughshod over the rights of the peo-ple, and defies the law of the country. What is it done for ?Š Evidently to hold onto her membership whether that membership wishes to be held onto or not; to hold onto the marriage fees of the people under threat of stigmatizing their marriage as concubinage and their offspring as illegitimate. When will the government take action to protect those of its citizens who dare not protect them-selves, and, following the lead of Ger-many, outlaw the obnoxious decree ? No church in America has a right to control the church affiliations of the people through fear of a defamation of char-acter which they dare not resent. And the church which does that stamps itself as unworthy of the name Christian. We are informed that Stephen Da-gonya, though a poor man, proposes to ascertain what protection the laws of his adopted country afford him. C. M. S. 