56 LIBERTY Personal Rights in Danger AT this particular time there seems to be an agitation in a number of States for a revision of their respective constitutions. Some of the States have chosen delegations which are at work, revising and rewriting the old con- stitutions. The State of Nebraska has elected one hundred men, chosen independent of party politics. These men are now at work in Lin- coln. Recently considerable was said in the daily papers to the effect that the committee on the bill of rights was being urged to insert an article providing for State-wide Sunday closing. Anonymous letters, as well as marked copies of pamphlets and different periodicals are sent them. One zealous person sent an underlined copy of the ten commandments. No doubt the purpose of this was to convince the lawmakers that they should incorporate the decalogue into the State constitution. Such men, evidently forget that the only proper sphere of human legislation is that which has to do with the relation of man to his fellows. No man can govern the worship of others. That belongs alone to God. Every one should keep the ten commandments, but no one can be forced to do so. Even God does not take away the power of choice. True worship is that of the spirit. The ten commandment law is a spiritual law, and touches the motives of the heart. Even all Christians are not agreed as to the Construction to be placed on this law. If written into the law of the land, it would be necessary for the courts to construe the law and enforce their construction upon the citizens of the State. There can be no State-wide Sunday-closing law, logically inserted in the Nebraska constitution if the bill of rights of that State is left as it now reads. Section 4 of the bill of rights says: " [Religious freedom.] All persons have a nat-ural and indefeasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own con-sciences. No person shall be compelled to at-tend, erect, or support any place of worship against his consent, and no preference shall be given by law to any religious society; nor shall any interference with the rights of conscience be permitted. No religious test shall be required as a qualification for office, nor shall any person be incompetent to be a witness on account of his religious belief; but nothing herein shall be construed to dispense with oaths and affirma-tions. Religion, morality, and knowledge, how-ever, being essential to good government, it shall be the duty of the legislature to pass suitable laws to protect every religious denom-ination in the peaceable enjoyment of its own mode of public worship, and to encourage schools and the means of instruction." In that State, as in all others of the Union, there are a number who conscientiously observe another day than Sunday as the Sabbath. To Ninpel them to observe two days while others  observe but one, would be showing preference to the latter. Honest toil injures no one, and no man should be punished for working. The men composing the constitutional convention or Nebraska should not let any religio-political in-fluence compel them to depart from the prin-ciples of true Americanism and open the way for religious persecution. A union of church and state now will bring the same results as in the past. The framers of the original bill of rights, adopted in 1875 had a clearer view of these things and thought to avoid the conse-quences, by guarding the rights of the citizens of the State. W. F. M. St! tV The Workingman Not in All Their Thoughts IN the fourth century the Christian bishops sought and secured laws prohibiting Sunday shows, in order that the devotions of the faithful might not be disturbed upon that day. The reason given for the demand then was that many even among Christians preferred the cir-cus to the church. Today this history is being repeated in Wash-ington. On the floor of the Sunday convention of last December, one speaker said: " Every pastor knows that the young people of his congregation are attending Sunday shows. Among the young people of this city we are developing sentiments that will make it a thou-sand times more difficult to get a Sunday law in the next generation. We must get the senti-ment so aroused and back of Congress as to do this now. " The biggest job that confronts the church in Washington is to get a law that will protect the day. We must have Congress to help the pastors of this city to get a District law and a Federal law. " No wonder it is hard for Sunday schools to keep up the attendance. What chance has the church in competition with what is going on in Washington, " The glitter and the glare of the theater is made more attractive than what the church can offer. " What chance have I with my young people, when any man can open a place just around the corners Can't there be some way to prevent this/ " Another speaker said: " The National Reform Association aims to bring the laws of the United States into con-formity with the Christian standard. And so there must be Sabbath laws for the nation and the State. " In Isaiah 58: 13 we are told to take our feet off the Lord's day. I come from old-fashioned Pennsylvania where we have the old blue laws. " When you tear down the Sabbath laws, you tenor down the bulwark of the church. The 