LIBERTY 161 willeth not to do his will, he shall be compelled to know the teaching." " Choose you this day whom ye will serve," would need to be amended so as to read, " Choose ye this day whom ye will serve, provided your choice is ac-ceptable to the hierarchy." And Christ's words, " Render therefore unto Caesar the things that are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's," would need to be expunged entirely as introducing an altogether unsafe principle, and there should be substituted for it a clear state-ment of the jurisdiction of ecclesiastical authority over all men and all things. It is not at all probable that such a revision as this will be made, and those, therefore, who attempt to establish the right of any spiritual authority to require assent to a human creed are compelled to ignore certain plain statements of the Scrip-tures, and to put a forced and fanciful construction upon others in order to se-cure even the semblance of divine au-thority for their assumption of control over the minds of others. In the record of his dealings in the olden time, the God of heaven has clearly taught the lesson that he has not com-initted rule over the conscience into the hands of any civil ruler to compel wor-ship of any kind ; but that when one chooses to worship the true God, no one can rightly interfere to prevent him from doing so. One experience in which this lesson is most forcibly inculcated is recorded in the third chapter of Daniel. The facts are familiar to every reader of the Scriptures. The king of Babylon. Nebuchadnezzar, had erected an image and had summoned from all parts of his dominion representative officials " to the dedication of the image which Nebu-chadnezzar the king had set up." This image was a personification of the state, and the worship of it was a recognition of the state as divine,Š to all intents and purposes a deification of the state. To  bow down before the image was to set the authority of the state above any other authority, and was, therefore, equivalent to depriving the true God of the place which rightfully belonged to him. It is true that Nebuchadnezzar was king in a special sense by divine appoint-ment. Of this we read in the announce-ment made by Jehovah through the prophet : Š " I have made the earth, the man and the beast that are upon the ground, by my great power and by my outstretched arm, and have given it unto whom it seemed meet unto me. And now have I given all these lands into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon. my  servant ; . . . and all nations shall serve him ; . . . and it shall come to pass, that the nation and kingdom which will not serve the same Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, and that will not put their neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon, that nation will I pun-ish, saith the Lord." Jer. 27:5-8. It would plainly follow that if any earthly ruler could claim unlimited au-thority and the right to enforce his will in all things, Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, could certainly claim such a charter of privilege. But while it is defi-nitely revealed that " the powers that be are ordained of God "(Rom. 13: i), and that civil government is, therefore, of divine appointment, it is also manifest that the authority of civil rulers extends only to things civil, and that the relation of man to his Maker is wholly beyond the cognizance of king or emperor. In the presence of the assembled mul titude the herald made royal proclama tion announcing the signal for worship and when the sound of the music was heard, " all the people, the-nations, and the languages, fell down and worshiped the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up." The three Hebrew captives, Shadrach Meshach, and Abed-nego, the companŁ 