62 LIBERTY You want the government, and by the govern-ment I mean the Post-office Department, to have authority to intervene and stop publica-tions that contain language of a character re-ferred to in your bill. Mr. Gallivan: Exactly. The Chairman : Then you want to make the Postmaster-General the sole arbiter in deter-mining that question. Mr Gallivan : That is what I started out to do. The Chairman : Now that may be a reli-gious question, a political question, or a so-cial or scientific proposition of any kind where this language may be used. May it not? Mr. Gallivan: Yes, sir. The Chairman : Now what is your purpose in it? Is it to protect the individual or an association against whom such language is di-rected? Mr. Gallivan : What other purpose would the gentleman think I might have in mind? The Chairman : I do not know. I asked you if that is your purpose, and you say yes? Mr. Gallivan : Yes, sir. Recourse to the Courts The Chairman: If that is true, are not the courts of this country open for that purpose, and cannot they all be protected? When a man oversteps the bounds of legitimate free speech, cannot the courts handle him without the intervention of Congress by an act of this sort? Mr. Gallivan : Apparently there seem weak-nesses in the law or the Postmaster-General would not refer to the matter in his report. The Chairman : Is it not better if there be any wrong or injury done by publication or otherwise to any sort of an organization or individual, that that individual or organization should be permitted, as they now have the right to do, to step into the courts for pro-tection and vindication, rather than to in-voke the arbitrary action of a government official, and especially when that action is con-lined to the judgment of a single individual? Mr. Gallivan : May I answer that by asking the chairman of this committee if he believes that the United States mails should be per-mitted to circulate any scandalous, scurrilous, indecent, or immoral books, etc.? The Chairman: No. Mr. Gallivan : Should a man be forced to go to law, and should the government be used as an agency for distributing such things? The Chairman : The trouble about it is that, while technically you are correct in the fact that the government ought not to permit such things, yet you cannot stop that by the judg-ment of a single man being pronounced in defining a publication, and determining what is scandalous, scurrilous, and so on. He  would have to know about each issue to determine that fact, and that could not be done until after the issue was made. There-fore, a citizen can be more properly remanded to his rights in the courts, as it seems to me. A careful reading of the discussion be-tween Mr. Gallivan, Mr. Finley, and the chairman of the committee reveals very plainly that the purpose of the proposed legislation was to protect a certain reli-gious organization from the attacks of its antagonists by denying them the right to circulate their publications. Both these gentlemen seemed to forget that the weapon which they wished to put into the hands of the Postmaster-Gen-eral could be used against the publi-cations of their own organization as effectively as against those of their enemies. No publications speak more freely than the Catholic in denunciation of the religion of other denominations. Therefore, an impartial Postmaster-Gen-eral would soon have to issue orders to deny the use of the mails to every Cath-olic as well as every Protestant journal in the country. This would be worse than a mere censorship of the press. It would be a virtual annihilation of the religious press of the country, of all the " free thought " press, and so much of the secular press as saw fit to criticize any church or any religion. The third and last advocate of these measures was Congressman James P. Maher of New York State, and his an-swers to the questions of the committee-men set forth very frankly the real rea-son for the proposed legislation. Mr. Maher's Statement Mr. Maher: I have been in receipt of hun-dreds of letters from constituents of mine protesting against these publications. The Chairman : What publications do you speak of? Mr. Maher : Well, there are about six of them. I do not really know the names of them. The Chairman : Do you know the names of any of them? Mr. Maher: One is called the Yellow Jacket. Mr. Smith: Where is it published? Mr. Maher: And the Menace. I do not 