LIBERTY Is Liberty Imperiled? ALLEN MOON LIBERTY to worship God according to the dictates of one's conscience is the gift of God. Our fathers fled from the Old World for a place in the wilderness of the New, that they might enjoy liberty of conscience. Their chil-d r en established a government base d upon principles de-signed forever to safeguard this liberty. This govern-ment, in its funda-( mental law, recog-nized the right of every man to believe o r not to be-lie v e, to worship o r not to wor-ship, and pro-tected ever y man in that right. This recogni-tion has made the United States of. America the envy of the liberty-loving of the wide world. From all parts of the globe, men have flocked to the one bright spot, to bask in the sunshine of liberty. But alas! that which was de-signed to make men free to worship God in God's own way, at th2 same time opens the gates for the admission of that which has brought ruin to many a government and people, and which has designs upon this. Almost from the very beginning, those who have sought a monopoly of religion have assailed the principles of liberty of conscience, and have hurled their forces upon the government, to compel aban- donment of the original exalted purpose. It may be said, to the shame of people known religiously as Protestants, that they have in the past been most active in opposition to the government's determi-nation to show no favoritism in matters of religion; but now, and for some time past, a more formidable foe of the divine principle claims the attention of lawmakers and peo-ple. As usual, this is a religious move-ment, and threat-e n s to engulf the nation as completely as the calamity which re-cently vis-ited Italy. During the month of Novem-ber, 1908, the First Amer-ican Catholic Mission-ary Congress convened in the city of Chicago, under the aus-pices of the Cath-olic Extension Soci-ety of America. Speaking at this congress, and for the society, Hon. W. Bourke Cockran, of the House of Representatives at Washing-ton, is reported to have said The church is the true ally of the state. They can not be separated Šnever, so long as democratic governments are relied upon to rule men. It is true that their organizations may be separate, but they are inherently inseparable and inter-dependent. It is true that the state needs no longer the support of the church; but under democratic government, the church must ever be the mainstay of the state. It is time that there should be a plain, clear, unmistakable, unanswerable 