LIBERTY 117 from a speech by ex-Senator Bailey, of Texas, as reported in the Congressional Record of Jan. 26, 191o. When the Johnston Sunday Bill was under consid-eration in the United States Senate, Jan. 26, 191o, Senator Paynter, of Kentucky, stated that ' the employees of barber shops desired that the shops should be closed on Sunday because they did not want to work on that day; they wanted it as a day of rest.' In reply to this Senator Bailey, of Texas, said, as re-ported in the Congressional Record of Jan. 26, 191o: Š " I am not disposed to allow any class of people to come to legislative as-semblies of the country to settle contro-versies between them and their employ-ees. I certainly would not insist that a barber ought to work if he does not want to work. . . . So far as I am concerned, I am not disposed to allow any class to come and ask for a law that interferes with some man who wants to pursue his calling, simply because some other man does not want to pur-sue it.' " The writer pointed out briefly that all Sunday legislation is based upon relig-ious grounds, and is, therefore, unconsti-tutional. Here are a few paragraphs from the paper read : Š " There is nothing in nature which in-dicates a weekly period of rest, and we must needs go to revelation for the ori-gin of Sabbath observance. Any law which seeks to regulate a man's conduct differently on Sunday than on other days of the week must be based on religious grounds. Why do the barbers wish to close on Sunday rather than on Wednes- day or Friday ? It may not be be- cause they have any religious convictions personally in the matter, but because Sunday, being a religious institution, can be more easily secured as a day of idle-ness. The laws which maintain the or- der and civility of the citizens of the District of Columbia on other days of the week will do the same on Sunday. " Why should a man be fined for shaving or for cutting hair on Sunday  more than on other days of the week? Legitimate business can never be viewed differently on Sunday than on other days, except from the religious convic-tions of the individual. Civil govern-ment is to protect a man in the exercise of his religious convictions, but not to formulate his convictions into law as a compulsory guide for other people. When the government does this, it be-comes a despotism, and it is that which the Constitution prohibits. " No legislation concerning the ob-Ł servance of Sunday is possible without deciding a religious controversy. We are not all agreed as to which day is the Sabbath. A respectable minority dis-agrees as to which is the proper day to keep. Now the religious convictions of the minority are to be as sacredly guarded as the convictions of the ma-jority. The final appeal to settle the question as to which day is right must be to Holy Writ. But the interpretation of the Bible is the work of an ecclesias-tical body, and not of the state. Any legislation therefore on the question of the Sabbath which involves the decision of a religious controversy must be re-ligious in character, and therefore un-constitutional. It would be just as proper for Congress to pass a bill de-fining the proper mode of baptism, and enforce the ordinance by the police force." The commissioners were very cour-teous throughout the hearing, and while they reserved their decision in the mat-ter, we are hopeful that no billŁ will be recommended to Congress in response to the petition of the barbers. Congress has so far resisted the re-peated attempts made for religious leg- islation and has been true to the national Constitution. When once this barrier is broken down, no one will be able to stay the flood of religious legislation and its attendant measures of religious in-tolerance. Our nation has become the most happy and prosperous nation in the world because it assigned religion to the church and civic affairs to the state. 