LIBERTY 15S in the morning. A man may sell that which will make a beast or a murderer or both of a man, at any time on Sunday, but if he sells a cup of milk or a loaf of bread after ten in the morning it is a criminal offense. Such injustice and in-consistency is always seen wherever the government interferes with religious concerns. In Spain At a meeting of the cabinet presided over by King Alfonso, Premier Canale-jas demanded that the government inau- gurate , its religious program by the rs,:c Ł ognition of absolute freedom of con-science through the abrogation of all im-perial decrees prohibiting the public services of non-Catholics. Following this demand a decree was issued amend-ing the constitution so that non-Catholic religious societies may display the in-signia of public worship on their edifices. The press is demanding the absolute equality of all religions, and that the state subvention of the Catholic religion be withdrawn. C. M. S. w of The Inconsistencies and Absurdities of Religious Legislation THOSE who desire to see upon the statute-books of every State in the Union such a law as would require the outward observance of Sunday, have seemed to take it much to heart that there is no Sunday law in the State of California. After several fruitless efforts to secure the enactment of such a law by the legis-lature, the advocates of this kind of legis-lation attempted to make use of the in-itiative in order to submit directly to the legislators next November the question of a weekly rest-day law. About thirty-one thousand signers to the petition were re-quired in order to place the measure upon the ballot, but not half this number were secured by August 7, the last day allowed for such work. The proposed measure will, therefore, be laid over for at least two years. In order to acquaint our readers with the general character of this proposed Sunday law, and with the difficulties which are encountered when the author-ity of the State is sought in behalf of a matter wholly outside of its jurisdiction, we print herewith the main provision of the proposed law, together with some comments upon the large list of exemp- tions : Š Every person, firm, association, of corporation that on Sunday keeps open any shop, store, office, building, or any place of business, whether for the pur-pose of carrying on or transacting any business or common labor ; or that buys, or sells, or offers for sale, or advertises any goods, wares, merchandise, property, or other thing prohibited by this act; or that for gain hires or employs, or causes any employee, apprentice, servant, or other person to work at, or to engage in any trade, business, occupation, or or-dinary calling on Sunday, except works of necessity, mercy, or charity, is guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof, shall be fined not less than ten dollars nor more than two hundred dol-lars, or be imprisoned in the county jail not to exceed thirty days, and, upon each subsequent conviction, both said fine and imprisonment shall be imposed ; except, however, in case of corporations, the im-prisonment, when imposed, shall be im-posed upon all officers or agents thereof in this State committing such offense, or causing the same to be committed. From a leaflet prepared by W. M. Healey, and circulated largely in Cali-fornia during the petition campaign, we take the following paragraphs relating to the numerous exemptions to the pro-posed act:Š While the measure that has been 