LIBERTY  15 545 and state is plainly suggested. The state is the child of the church, and as such is in the last analysis subject to the con- trol of the mother. So long as the child conducts itself in a way wholly satisfac- tory to the mother, there will be no inter- ference; but in case there is too much spirit of independence, or a tendency to reject motherly counsel, wholesome dis-cipline may become necessary to prevent successful rebellion against maternal control. The history of the papacy bears abundant testimony that this mother-child theory has been the rule of action in the relation of the papacy to govern- ments. As to Persecution Toward the close of his address, Bishop Hartley makes the following statement : Ñ The Catholic Church loves liberty too dearly to lend herself in any way, how-ever remote, to make even the lowliest of God's creatures a slave to tyranny or oppression, or the object of any kind of persecution. We have not the space here to intro-duce the manifold proofs from history that the Roman Catholic Church has been a persecutor of dissenters when conditions were such as to make it pos-sible, but we will present some plain statements recently made in a remark-able article in a Roman Catholic paper. In its issue of Dec. 24, 19¡8, the West-ern Watchman of St. Louis (Roman Catholic) has an editorial entitled " Afraid We Will Get Them," from which we quote : Ñ They [Protestants] know very little of the meaning and import of allegiance, civil or ecclesiastical ; and they do not know what Catholics understand by the term. They have a very vague and in-distinct notion of the union of church and state, and are not aware that such union exists more or less in every state in Christendom. What they really op-pose, and what they wish to emphasize  by their vote, is that they do not want to be dragooned into the Catholic Church. They fear that if the Catholic Church should get the upper hand in this coun-try, she might induce the state to sup-press all heretical worship, and compel all to embrace the Catholic faith. And this fear is not irrational, if unfounded. The church has persecuted. Only a tyro in church history will deny that. The Apologists in the days of Roman im-perial domination inveighed against per-secution, and with Tertullian declared that " it was no part of religion to perse-cute religion." But after the days of Con-stantine, and under the reign of that first Christian emperor, the attitude of Chris-tians underwent a change, and persecu-tion of pagans took place in many places in the empire. A hundred and fifty years after Constantine the Donatists were persecuted, and sometimes put to death. Against this extreme measure St. Augustine raised his voice ; but he was willing that they should be despoiled of their churches and of their goods. Protestants were persecuted in France and Spain with the full approval of the church authorities. We have always de-fended the persecution of the Huguenots, and the Spanish Inquisition. Wherever and whenever there is honest Catholicity, there will be a clear distinction drawn between truth and error, and Catholicity and all forms of heresy. When she thinks it good to use physical force, the church will use it. . . . But will the Catholic Church give bond that she will not persecute at all? Will she guarantee absolute freedom and equality of all churches and all faiths? The Catholic Church gives no bonds for her good behavior. She has made mis-takes in her policy which she promptly corrected as soon as discovered. She has countenanced violence when more hu-man measures would have been of more avail. Her children and her clergy have often been carried away by popular pas-sion. But she gives no bonds that such things shall not occur again. This is a frank admission of facts which does credit to the honesty, if not to the theology, of the Roman Catholic editor, and it ought to bring to their 