30 LIBERTY " Resolved, That we, the members of the New York Conference of the Methodist Church, in annual session in New York assembled, most earnestly protest against the dishonor put on the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, and call upon the board of education of New York City to reverse its policy in this matter." The assertion that it is a dishonor to our Lord Jesus Christ to discontinue religious exercises in the public schools is not well founded. Nowhere in the sacred Word is it even intimated that unbelievers are, or ever will be, commissioned to teach the gospel of Jesus Christ. To set unconverted school-teachers at work teaching the gos-pel, is as much out of harmony with the plan of redemption as Nadab and Abihu's offering of strange fire in the sanctuary was out of harmony with God's plans for the temple service. It is an unthinkable prop-osition to him who realizes the sacredness of the gospel work. When God commis-sioned men to go out and teach the good news of salvation, he commissioned only those who had professed faith in him. He further declared, " Lo, I am with you al-way, even to the end of the world." With-out the fulfilment of that promise, the gos-pel of the kingdom never would have made a way for itself in this world. It would have been overwhelmed in the darkness of heathenism, and the world would have been heathen to-day. But now, after nineteen hundred years of the shining of gospel light, it is pro-posed to teach religion through the instru-mentality of the state; it is proposed that a public school-teachers' certificate shall be the enduement that prepares for the teach-ing of divine truth and the winning of souls; that the conversion of the heart to Christ shall not be a prerequisite for labor in the interests of his kingdom. It is, per-haps, hardly necessary to say such a regime can only foster heartless dogma and hypo-critical conduct. And in addition to the inconsistency and incongruity of such a course, we must con-sider the question the right of the govern-ment to force upon unwilling parents the religious instruction of their children. Re-ligious instruction forced upon children, against the will of the parents, and at the hands of unconsecrated teachers will never win hearts to Christ, and the government  that permits it is overriding the rights of both parents and children, while it makes mockery of religion and hypocrites of the people. Majorities, Custom, Sincerity THE man who seeks the truth by the tests of sincerity, majority, and antiquity, will never find it cn earth. This is amply true of the present and all past ages. There are sincere Turks, Jews, pagans, infidels. There are very ancient errors, heresies, and sects. And as for majorities, from Enoch till now, they have generally, if not always, been wrong in religion. Where was the majority when Noah was building the ark? when Abraham forsook Ur of the Chal-dees ? when Lot abandoned Sodom? when Moses forsook Egypt? when Elijah wit-nessed against Ahab? when Daniel and his companions were captives in Babylon? when Malachi wrote? when the Baptist preached? when Christ was crucified? when the apostles and many of the first Chris-tians were persecuted ?Š Alexander Camp-bell. Scenes in Old Boston (From Longfellends "New England Tragedies.") FROM THE PROLOGUE, RECALLING FORMER SCENES RISE, too, ye shapes and shadows of the Past, Rise from your long-forgotten graves at last; Let us behold your faces, let us hear The words ye uttered in those days of fear! Revisit your familiar haunts again,ŠThe scenes of triumph, and the scenes of pain, And leave the footprints of your bleeding feet Once more upon the pavement of the street ! A STREET ON SUNDAY WALTER MERRY (entering and looking round him.) All silent as a graveyard ! No one stirring; No footfall in the street, no sound of voices ! By righteous punishment and perseverance, And perseverance in that punishment, At last I have brought this contumacious town To strict observance of the sabbath day. 