LIBERTY merce; and the basis put forward Łfor the proposed legislation was the fourth precept of the decalogue, the Sabbath command-ment relating to the seventh day. This at-tempt was made incidental to the consid-eration of the railway rate bill, which occu-pied so much of the time of the last Con-gress. We quote from the Congressional Record of May 16: McLaurin.Š I have another amend-ment that I want to offer. Before it is read, I wish to say that the Republican Senate seems to me disposed to vote down every amendment, and I suppose it would vote down the Lord's prayer if it were ger-mane and offered as an amendment. I offer the amendment that I send to the desk, and I will say just a few words on it. The Vice-President.Š The Secretary will state the amendment proposed by the Sen-ator from Mississippi. The Secretary.Š It is proposed to add at the end of the bill the following: Š " It shall be unlawful for any common carrier engaged in interstate commerce to operate as such interstate common carrier for compensation any steam-propelled ve-hicle for transportation of passengers or freight between sunrise and sunset on the Sabbath day." Mr. McLaurin.Š Mr. President, I am going to discuss the amendment but a little. I should like to have the Chair hear what I am about to read. I simply want to state that while this is not the Lord's prayer offered as an amendment to the pending bill, because that would not be exactly germane Š it is a part of the ten com-mandments, and it is germane to this bill. I want to read verses 8, 9, to, and II of the twentieth chapter of Exodus, so that when a Senator, if there is any Senator here who has not read this, comes to vote on this amendment, if he votes against it, he may know that he is voting against one of the ten commandments, and one that is also germane to this bill. [The speaker then read from the Bible the fourth com-mandment of the Decalogue, enjoining the observance of the seventh day.] Mr. Rayner.Š I suggest that that ap-plies only to persons. It does not apply to corporations. Mr. McLaurin.Š If any corporation can run its trains on the Sabbath day without the agency of any person, it may be per-mitted to run them. But if it requires the service of any person Š manservant or maidservant Š to run them, then this com-mandment applies to such corporation. Mr. Clark, of Wyoming.Š I ask to what the amendment is directed. Is it directed to the bill, or does the Senator propose it as an amendment to the commandments? Mr. McLaurin.Š I can understand how a man who has not read the Bible would not know, but one who is familiar with the Bible knows that what I have just read is itself one of the commandments. Mr. Clark, of Wyoming.Š The reason why I ask is because of the fact that a part of the commandments is read from the other side of the chamber. Mr. McLaurin.Š I did not catch the last that the Senator said. It seems not to be understood on the other side, and if that side is to get any of the benefits of the Scriptures at all, it must be read from this. Mr. Daniel.Š Will the Senator let me ask him a question? Mr. McLaurin.Š Certainly. Mr. Daniel.Š Do you propose to stop telegraphic messages and mails on Sunday, too ? Mr. McLaurin.Š I would stop the whole business and let everybody rest. I would let the telegraph operators and the railroad employees Š the men who run the trains on Sunday and never get a Sunday and never know what a Sunday is Š rest. I would stop all those trains. I would allow the train crews and laborers a rest of one day in seven, as commanded by the Al-mighty. That is what the Almighty, through Moses, commanded, and I would give Moses a fair chance in this. [Laugh-ter.] . . . The Vice-President.Š The question is on agreeing to the amendment proposed by the Senator from Mississippi. The amendment was rejected. When religion is mixed in with the pro-ceedings of Congress or other legislative body, and members of the same talk about the commands of Jehovah as being " ger-mane " to or a part of certain measures they wish to see advanced, and tell other members that if they do not vote for such measures they will be voting against the decalogue, fighting against God, etc.; and the sacred things of religion become the basis of a heated political word-controversy or the butt of a joke,Š how much will this add to theŁ peace and dignity of our legis-lative bodies, and how much will it ad-vance the interests of justice or of any worthy cause? In the name of religion as well as of justice, we protest against any such attempt to start Congress on a career of religious legislation. 