LIBERTY 13 one jot or one tittle shall in nowise pass from the law, till all be fulfilled. Whosoever therefore shall break one of these least commandments, and shall teach men so, he shall be called the least in the kingdom of heaven; but whosoever shall do and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven." Matt. 5 : 17-19. 3. This law is of universal and perpetual obligation. " Now we know that what things soever the law saith, it saith to them who are under the law: that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world may be-come guilty before God." Rom. 3 : 19. The Presbyterian Confession of Faith truly says : " The moral law doth forever bind all, as well justified persons as others, to the obedience thereof. . . . Neither doth Christ in the gospel in any way dissolve, but much strengthen, this obligation."ŠChapter 19, page 82, article 5. 4. This law says the seventh day is the Sabbath. Sunday is not the seventh day. There is no divine command for its sabbatic observance. Neither Jesus nor his apostles ever observed it as a day of rest, nor com-manded any one so to observe it. Its ob-servance rests wholly upon tradition. Therefore, all laws enacted for its observ-ance are against the true SabbathŠthe seventh day Š in that their tendency is to exalt a human substitution in the place of the day the Lord has made and claims as his own. In saying this we would not be understood as favoring legislation in behalf of the seventh day. We would be opposed to this also. 5. Cardinal Gibbons, speaking of Sunday, says : " You may read the Bible from Gen-esis to Revelation, and you will not find a single line authorizing the sanctification of Sunday. The Scriptures enforce the religious observance of Saturday, a day which we never sanctify."Š"Faith of Our Fathers," page III. This statement from Cardinal Gibbons is reiterated in one form or another by many Catholic authorities. As a sample of many others we quote the following extract from " Plain Talk about the Protestantism of To-day," by Mgr. Segur, page 213: Š It is worth while to remember that this observance of the sabbath [ Sunday] Š in which, after all, the only Protestant a Or-ship consists Š not only has no foundation in the Bible, but it is in flagrant contradic-tion with its letter, which commands rest on the Sabbath, which is Saturday. It was the Catholic Church which, by the author-ity of Jesus Christ, has transferred this rest to the Sunday in remembrance of the resur-rection of our Lord. Thus the observance of Sunday by the Protestants is an homage they pay, in spite of themselves, to the authority of the [Catholic] Church. 6. Protestant authorities make candid admissions concerning this matter. Note the following:Š Dr. William Smith, LL. D., after exam-ing all the texts supposed to have refer-ence to Sunday-keeping, says: Š Taken separately, perhaps, and even al-together, these passages seem scarcely ade-quate to prove that the dedication of the first day of the week to the purposes above mentioned was a matter of apostolic institu-tion, or even of apostolic practise.Š"Dic-tionary of the Bible," article Lord's Day. In the issue of the Church Standard, one of the leading papers of the Protestant Episcopal Church, for June 24, 1905, the following plain statement was made: Š We shall search the New Testament in vain for any sign that the Lord's day was ever regarded by the apostles or the apos-tolic church as identical with the Jewish Sabbath day, or as a continuation of it, or as a substitute for it. Nothing of the kind is discoverable in the New Testament. Others testify that there is no divine command for the observance of Sunday : Š The current notion that Christ and his apostles authoritatively substituted the first day of the week for the seventh, is abso-lutely without any authority in the New Testament.Š Rev. .Lyman Abbott, in Chris-tian Union, June 26, 1890. It is true there is no positive command for infant baptism, . . . nor is there any for keeping holy the first day of the week. Š M. E. " Theological Compendium," page 103. 7. We commend the following eloquent words concerning the law of God, from the pen of Rev. George Elliot : Š Long should pause the erring hand of man before it dares to chip away with the chisel of human reasoning one single word graven on the enduring tables by the hand 