10  LIBERTY tween civil government and religion was ably discussed. The document is of con-siderable length, and the arguments ad-duced are both weighty and convincing. It is shown by a course of reasoning which can not be controverted, that it is wholly outside the proper sphere of civil government to take any part in settling religious disputes or in compel-ling religious observances. The closing paragraph of this notable report runs as follows : Ñ Our Constitution recognizes no other power than that of persuasion, for en-forcing religious observances. Let the professors of Christianity recommend their religion by deeds of benevolence, by Christian meekness, by lives of tem-perance and holiness. Let them combine their efforts to instruct the ignorant, to relieve the widow and the orphan, to promulgate to the world the gospel of their Saviour, recommending its pre-cepts by their habitual example ; govern-ment will find its legitimate object in protecting them. It can not oppose them, and they will not need its aid. Their moral influence will then do in-finitely more to advance the true inter-ests of religion, than any measure which they may call on Congress to enact. The petitioners do not complain of any in-fringement upon their own rights. They enjoy all that Christians ought to ask at the hands of any government Ñ protec-tion from all molestation in the exercise of their religious sentiments. During all the decades since this re-port was adopted, the United States Sen-ate has consistently maintained the posi-tion then taken until the first session of the Sixtieth Congress recently closed. By passing the Johnston Sunday bill, the record which has stood more than three fourths of a century was reversed, and the United States Senate has committed itself to the policy of religious legisla- tion. There is a striking contrast between the report submitted in 1829, when the Senate took right ground upon this sub- ject, and the report submitted in 1908, when the Senate yielded to the demand for religious legislation. The latter re-port is brief, and does not carry with it the conviction based upon sound prin-ciples. In another article we have con-sidered one paragraph from this report. Another reads thus : Ñ The seat of government of the United States is perhaps the only territory within its jurisdiction in America where the fourth commandment has been re-pealed, or is practically ignored. The framer of the proposed law inter-prets the fourth commandment as ap-plying to Sunday, and has written his bill on that basis, although the plain wording of the commandment calls for the observance of the seventh day, which is Saturday, and there are many citizens of the District of Columbia who govern their practises accordingly. It is thus the avowed intent of this bill to supply an alleged defect in the legislation for the District of Columbia by compelling a regard for such an interpretation of the fourth commandment as makes it require the observance of Sunday. In other words, by such legislation as this it is expected that Congress will interpret the fourth commandment contrary to its plain letter, and will then enforce obe-dience to its interpretation. This is a complete repudiation of the principle laid down in the Senate report of 1829 in these words: Ñ We are aware that a variety of senti-ment exists among the good t :tizens of this nation, on the subject of the Sab-bath day; and our government is de-signed for the protection of one as much as another. By passing this Sunday bill, the United States Senate has lost sight of the fact that " the proper object of gov-ernment is to protect all persons in the enjoyment of their religious as well as civil rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall esteem one day above 