HON. DAVID JAYNE HILL Back to the Constitution THAT a number of prominent men in our country have become alarmed by the growing disregard of our national Con-stitution, is witnessed by the fact that we have, with headquarters in our capital city, a National Association for Constitu-tional Government, with Hon. David J. Hill as its president. At a recent dinner given by this asso-ciation, Senator Lodge of Massachusetts was one of the speakers, and he embraced the opportunity .to say some very per-tinent things. Senator Lodge, and other speakers also, alluded to the rapid spread of de- Łctructive doctrines -among the people, and warned their hearers against the alarming progress o f tearing down the bulwarks of in-dividual liberty in this country. The senior Sena-tor from Massa-chusetts especially Emphasized t h e thought that the degenerative proc-ess had now be-come so marked that the very life of democracy is at stake. He did not think that American democ-racy would be swept away all at once, or by some revolutionary movement that everybody would recognize, but that the process now in operation, if unchecked, would result, and that very shortly, in undermining and destroying the Ameri-can system of government as established by the Constitution, and interpreted by such men as Abraham Lincoln. The several gentlemen who voiced such sentiments told the truth. The danger is real, not imaginary. The fact is that we as a nation are a lawless people. We  are not willing to abide by the rules of national conduct to which we once gave assent. We want what we want, and are determined to have it regardless of the Constitution. A that instrument stands in the way, let it be amended, if possible, and if not, let it be disregarded. We may not say such things out loud, but that is the way many feel, and the way that a still larger number act. But the trend is a mast dangerous one. At the same din-ner Judge Sanders of Ohio made the suggestion that the children of t h e United States should be required to study and to un-derstand the com-pact which sets the hounds of govern-ment and safe-guards their liberty. One reason given for urging this was that inquiry might develop the fact that American chil-dren have a notion that the Declara-tion of Independ-ence, rather than the Constitution, is t h e fundamental law of the land, and that it consists of a general repudiation of all restraints what-soever. We do not know to what extent such an idea is entertained by the rising gen-eration. It may be as general as the judge suggests ; however so, it is little more erroneous and withal less mischie-vous than the idea that the Declaration is " out of date," " a lie," etc. The prin-ciples of the Declaration of Independence are just as true and just as vital now as they were in 1776, and our courts would come much nearer a correct interpreta-tion of the Constitution of the United 159 