34 LIBERTY soul from the bondage of sin. True faith had been lost sight of, and as a sure con-sequence, religious liberty had perished. Divorced from Christ, the church had united herself to the world. The power of the state was seized upon to compensate for the departed power of God. Ł For this sad condition of affairs there was but one remedy. One power alone re-mained that could suffice to dissolve this terrible union of church and state, and that was the power of Christ re-instated in the lives and hearts of men. That power and that result were forthcoming. Liberty had perished from the earth, but it still lived in heaven. The God of liberty had decreed that the thraldom of darkness and slavery of mind to mind should not always con-tinue. The spell of self-righteousness and despotism must be broken. God must make manifest anew to the world the saving, lib-erating truth that " the just shall live by faith." Some jets of divine illumination had been at different times lighted in the darkness, and again their luster had grown dim. Light in the Darkness But in the sixteenth century the light of heaven descended into the cloister cell, and into the heart of the Augustinian monk. At last he had found what he had in vain striven so long to obtain,Š peace and par-don, and the power to conquer sin in his own heart,Š in a word, the liberty of Christ. In his own words: " I desire freely, joyfully, and gratuitously, to serve a Father who hath thus shed upon me all the riches of his goodness. I wish to become everything to my neighbor, as Christ has become every-thing to me. . . . From faith flows love to God, and from love a life full of liberty, charity, and joy. 0, how noble and ele-vated a life the life of the Christian is ! But alas ! none know it, and none preach it. By faith the Christian rises even to God,Š by love he descends to man, still, however, remaining always in God. This is true liberty,Š a liberty as far above every other species of liberty as the heavens are above the earth." The liberty which Luther had found in Christ, he labored with heart and soul, with pen and voice, to proclaim to others. He was God's free man. He could proclaim liberty, because he himself was free. The lamp of heavenly truth was being replen-ished by the oil of faith and self-renun- ciation in Christ. The light kindled in the heart of Luther spread throughout the coun-tries of northern Europe. It was not des-tined to stop there ; it swept across the Alps, and shook the papal throne. Nor did it stop there; across the broad Atlantic, upon the American shores, it kindled a light which by God's grace ultimately ushered in an era of light and liberty such as the world had never seen; a light that was thenceforth never to be extinguished until the ushering in of earth's darkest hour, which is to precede the dawn of everlasting day. That hour is drawing on apace. That time of trouble such as never was awaits but the passing of a few more brief, troubled years. By the people of this last generation, the lessons of a thousand years have been but dimly comprehended, and little understood. Men have all but forgotten the price that liberty has cost. Swiftly and surely the light of faith is dying out. It is but a repetition of the history of the past. The church-collective, having a form of godli-ness without the power of living faith, is courting the power of the civil arm, and the dial-hand of human liberty is even now pointing backward toward a thousand gen-erations whose history stands written in blood. The outline of a huge religious des-potism already stands clearly revealed against the background of passing events. Why Religion Was Disestablished in Virginia an Interesting Sketch of american History w. A. COLCORD The demand that religion be disestablished in Vir-ginia, "brought on," says Jefferson, "the severest contest In which I have ever been engaged." WHILE Puritanism was the established religion of most of the New England colo-nies, Episcopalianism was the established religion in Virginia. As with all religious establishments, the " established " religion here was the favored religion, all others being either prohibited,' or, at most, merely tolerated. The history of the Episcopal Church and its establishment in Virginia dates from the founding of the colony, at Jamestown, in 5607. It was known as the Church of England down to the Revolution, when the colony declared independence from Great Britain. Rigid laws, with severe penalties 