590 8 LIBERTY human institutions, she [the Roman Catholic Church] is the one institution that never changes."Š"Faith of Our Fathers," page 83. Therefore whatever she is in France she will be in America whenever she considers it expedient to declare herself. c. M. s. A Notable Religious Liberty Convention REPRESENTATIVES Of the Religious Liberty Department of the General Con-ference of Seventh-day Adventists, from six continents and the islands of the sea,  issue. The reports submitted by the delegates from other nations plainly showed that the leaven of religious leg-islation is already working in many lands, and that now is the time to sound the alarm against this growing evil. The report of the Religious Liberty Department of the General Conference, located in this city, showed that during the past four years nearly a score of Sunday bills have been introduced into Congress, and that all of these, with the exception of the Sunday-closing provi-sions attached to the appropriation to the Jamestown Exposition, have been THE DELEGATION PHOTOGRAPHED ON THE WHITE HOUSE LAWN AFTER THE RECEP-TION BY THE PRESIDENT were in attendance at the quadrennial session of the World's Conference of Seventh-day Adventists, which was held in Washington, D. C., May 13 to June 6. The meetings of the Religious Liberty Department were held in a commodious canvas tent, especially set apart for the purpose. Above the top of the tent, stretched between two center-poles, was a banner with the following suggestive words inscribed upon it, " Proclaim Lib-erty Throughout All the Land." The large attendance of delegates and visitors at the daily meetings, and the lively discussions of the various topics presented, demonstrated that the ques-tion of religious liberty is indeed a living  defeated. The secretary's report further showed that the record of the past win-ter was unparalleled in the introduction of Sunday bills into the various State legislatures. In the New York Legis-lature alone no less than twenty-eight bills, involving the question of Sunday legislation, were introduced. Sunday bills were defeated in California, Iowa, Indiana, Maine, Missouri, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, and Wis-consin. One of the most important papers presented during the Conference. was the one upon the inter-church federation movement. It was shown that the evi-dent aim of the inter-church federation 