LIBERTY 17 and again. Human laws against the per-formance of religious duties have had but two results. Of moral and religious weaklings such laws have made hypo-crites ; of men strong in moral and relig-ious convictions such laws have made martyrs. There is no middle ground, no twilight zone, between these two results in which such a system might work for the common good of the masses. He who obeys a human religious law which is contrary to his religious convictions is not obeying God, but merely obeying the power which made that human law. He has not the courage of his convictions ; he is a coward morally, and religiously he is a hypocrite. It need hardly be said that the world has a plethora of such al-ready, and therefore is in no need of legislation to increase the supply. Jehovah declared, " Thou shalt have no other gods before me." Whoever sets up a human law Ł regarding religious things and compels men to obey that in opposition to God's law, is setting up another god Š a human one Š and com-pelling religious weaklings to make idol-aters of themselves. No one else will be affected by it; for no one else will obey it. The true Christian can not obey it ; to do so, he would have to transfer his spiritual allegiance from his Lord to that human power or human being which made the law in question, and that he will not do. As the human ruler has no power to save the soul or grant eternal life, it has no right to step in between the soul and the only power that can save the soul and can grant eternal life. The one who gave his life for the ransom of the soul has a right to demand the alle-giance of that soul in spiritual matters, and allegiance can not be divided. There-fore, of all the unnecessary and incon-gruous legislation enacted by human law-givers, that which attempts to enforce religious duties and practises is the most unnecessary and the most incongruous. More than that, it is an imputation that divine institutions rest upon a human basis, and must be supported by human law or fall to the ground. Such work, instead of building up the kingdom of God in the earth, blinds the eyes of men as to what the kingdom of God really is and the foundation upon which it stands. Dr. Gifford spoke truly when he de-clared that " the Bible lays down no law concerning Lord's day observances ; " for there is no command in the Bible for the keeping of the first day of the week as a sabbath. Whatever authority there is for it is wholly Ł outside the Bible. This being true, the institution itself is out-side the Bible. The Bible being the revelation of God's will and purpose concerning man, whatever is outside the Bible is outside the will and pur-pose of God concerning man. The Sunday-sabbath institution is therefore outside that will and that purpose : and when enforced by a human law in opposition to an institution which does have a divine command for its ex-istence, we see at once that there is an open warfare between an institution of man and an institution of Jehovah. It seems peculiar, to say the least, that eminent divines do not see the logic of the situation. To be sure, for centuries the religious world has been taught to believe that in some way, which neither the Bible nor history ever explained, the apostles. through authority from the Lord Jesus Christ, substituted the first-day sabbath for the seventh-day Sabbath, that the res-urrection of Jesus from the dead might be fittingly commemorated, and no incon-'siderable number through the passing centuries have appealed to the clergy to have the promptings of their consciences soothed into quietude over this lack of direct divine command for continually disregarding a divine institution and put-ting into its place one which has no seal 