28 LIBERTY and of society itself. The preservation of individual rights and the highest in-terest and welfare of society as a whole, must ever be the basic object of all just human government. For this reason we unhesitatingly champion the cause of pro-hibitive legislation as a means of curtail-ing, as far as possible, the evils incident to the use of alcoholic liquors as bev-erages. Honorable Business has Outlawed Liquor Tremendous gains have been made re-cently by the temperance forces. The reasons are obvious. At first our gains "WET" AND "DRY" MAP OF THE The liquor traffic can no longer deceive and fool the public on the subject of revenue and big business. Its prolific misrepresentations of facts have been un-masked, and the sleeveless Hand which appeared in the festive halls of ancient Babylon is now seen writing " Tekel " on the modern walls of rum-soaked Baby-lon. There are now twenty-five States that have outlawed the traffic of the Rum Demon. The public office seeker can no longer hold himself aloof from this great national issue. The liquor traffic, like the slave traffic, is a national evil, and must ultimately be settled, and settled UNITED STATES. JANUARY 1, 1916 were in the Southland. The South out-lawed the liquor traffic largely on ac-count of the Negro. The liquor traffic produced race riots, and made life un-certain for both the white man and the Negro. Now the farmers and business men of the West are 'banishing the liquor traffic for economic reasons. The thrifty and progressive business world of the West has outgrown the civilization of Rum Rule and Home Ruin. It has no use for the man who cannot pay his bills nor render the highest efficiency in service nn account of the handicap of liquor.  right and permanently, by the federal government. The President who signs the Emancipation Proclamation of the eight million liquor slaves will vie in fame with Abraham Lincoln, who with one stroke of his pen set three million industrial slaves free. Some Unanswerable Facts The following comparative table, based on United States government statistics. nails one of the liquor falsehoods. namely, that prohibition does not pro hibit Š Barrels of beer produced in prohibition 