mramiLUESIMAIRRIMAMESIEMIAMEMILIE cm ir, "American State Papers"  ,TA E ro tro FA Bearing on Sunday Legislation. New, Revised, ,...74 4513 5,A and Enlarged Edition Ready ITA  feN (13,1 COMPILATION of rare and valuable documents on religious legis-lation, which have appeared at various times during our colonial and SI .c3M national history, showing, by plainest principles of deduction, the .Ł A (3 attitude civil government should sustain toward such legislation. It t:t.N. is one of the most interesting books on the subject published, and TA 151 rA" invaluable to a correct solution of some of the most vital questions (74 now confronting men in both political and religious life. It presents, in their FA  own words, the ideas of the founders of the American government upon the FAgreat question of the proper relation of church and state. The book is divided 51 into eight parts, besides an appendix, as follows: Š IN FA Pc& PART I deals with the Colonial period. In this are given numerous (31 examples of the Sunday laws of all the early American colonies; a sketch of r4- 1744 Roger Williams; and the claims of Rhode Island to its being the earliest civil 51 government founded upon the principle first enunciated by Jesus Christ Š El SIcomplete separation of church and state. irq siPARTS II AND III contain, in documentary form, a history of the devel- 51 inopment of this principle during the Federation and National periods. In ro' these are found some of the most profound utterances to which American ZIA minds have given expression Š veritable masterpieces of English and sound (31 I'M logic Š bearing on the rights of conscience and the province and limits of civil ri authority; Patrick Henry's great speech; history of Liberty Bell; full text tsi of the famous Sunday Mail Reports of 1829 and 1830; history of the National ci-T4 inReform Association; Sunday legislation in California; the Blair, Breckinridge, si and other Sunday Rest bills; Sunday closing of expositions; memorials to Con- trl cM gress; and a list of all the religious measures introduced in Congress since 1888. IN ry,,,1  PART IV contains important Court Decisions relating to Sunday laws ty4 and religious instruction in the public schools, including the Supreme Court, P-M " Christian nation " decision of 1892. SI m TA PART V is entitled " State Constitutions and Sunday Laws." r4 PA PART VI deals with the Operation of Sunday Laws in the United States, 51 tl narrating about one hundred prosecutions under these laws. TA FA PART VII is entitled " Sunday Laws Before the Bar of Reason; " and Š 51 gi En' PART VIII presents, in brief, the History of Sunday Legislation from c: ,1 Constantine to the present time. In the appendix will be found the Declara- crl Trltion of Independence; the Constitution of the United States; terse arguments on precedent and the constitutionality of Sunday laws; Senator Heyburn's 4  FAspeech in the United States Senate, May 26, 1911, against the Johnston Sunday 51 bill; and gems from noted men and well-known authors. i  4  51  tro  ,,N  No Other Book Like It in the United States m 51 51 No other contains so much matter upon this subject. It is tro p-31 virtually eight books in one. Every American should read it. FA ro  ro Cloth binding. Price, only - $1.25  pro-  cm in Review & Herald Pub. Assn., Washington, D. C. m- m ilm MESIALIE.1111E.EMIRMEILSAARSINEMILIEHMEE 