LIBERTY 5 CALLING a religious law a " police reg-ulation " can not alter its character. More than that, it looks bad, in two ways at least, for the religion which urges such a law. Religion ought not to need police regulation. If it be true religion, it will keep far inside the bounds beyond which the state could rightly interfere. And the religion which looks to the police for any sort of power confesses, in so doing, the lack of divine power. The divine Author of religion is the only one who can prop-erly regulate,  religious things, and the only one who can legitimately energize religious activities. THE stream can not rise higher than its source, nor human laws be more perfect than they who frame them. This fact ought to make it apparent to every sin-cere Christian that should he favor or urge or enact a law bearing upon relig-ious things, he might be found to be even fighting against God. Every human law for the enforcement of a sabbath is a law that deals with religion, and ought never to be advocated by a Christian. It seeks to regulate what God alone has the right to regulate Š religion Š and it carries the inference that God is either derelict in his duty or has not the power to protect and maintain the institutions of his planting. Boldly Admitted AT last one has been bold enough to urge in so many words the enactment of a law compelling people to attend church and to contribute of their means for the support of public worship. The author of this remarkable proposition is Rev. Joseph Colby Lappeus, pastor of the Calvary Baptist church, of Binghamton, N. Y. He says: Š Since what is manifestly for the best good of all temporally, morally, phys-ically, and spiritually, does not suffice to bring people to the public worship of the Creator, or to observe one day in a man- ner manifestly most conducive to the highest good of men, then there should be enacted and enforced laws (call them " blue " laws or any other color that you like or don't like) compelling people be-tween certain ages to attend public wor-ship and Bible school in some church, and to contribute a certain percentage of their income to the support of some church. This utterance appeared in the Bing-hamton Press of Nov. 26, 1910, over the author's own signature. That such a declaration could be soberly made in our day is genuine cause for wonderment. That is going back to colonial days and to medievalism with a suddenness that is truly startling. From that it is only a short step to the hanging and burning of " heretics " and the cruel business of the Inquisition. A Forceful Trio THE agitation for a stricter compulsory observance of Sunday is increasing in England as well as in Canada and the United States. One of our exchanges, which calls itself the Sunday Guardian, comes to us from London with its sixteen pages filled with pleadings for compul-sory Sunday rest. It voices the purposes of the Imperial Sunday Alliance, the Sunday Law Movement, the Central Sunday Closing Association, and the Lord's Day Alliance of Scotland. It proposes to bring about a combination of the forces of religion and labor for the compulsory observance of the Sunday in-stitution. Steps have been taken to secure the co-operation, in all possible ways, of the Roman Catholic clergy and laity. The Anglican Church, the Roman Church, and the non-conformist churches form in this undertaking a powerful trio, humanly speaking, and there is no ques-tion but that their influence, with the co-operation of the labor element, will soon bring about the object which these organizations have set themselves to ac-complish. 