Is Enforced Religion Justifiable? THE Christian Statesman for No-vember last, had this note on page 491: " One of the stock objections to any and all connection between the state and religion is the fact that the state has often abused its power in forcing creeds upon people against their convictions. But however difficult of adjustment this matter may be, it is poor logic that reasons in this manner." The trouble with this so-called " stock objection " is that it does not touch the principle at all. The state has no right to enforce any creed upon any one. This is just as true of one creed as of another, without reference to the truth or falsity of that creed. It was just as wrong for Elizabeth to burn Roman Catholics as for Mary to burn Protestants. The state can only de-clare and guarantee human rights. To go beyond this in any way is to usurp a Ł divine prerogative and to trench upon the rights of conscience. The reason for this is twofold. First, God has the right to every man's volun-tary service. That which is forced is not and cannot be voluntary. Therefore to make religion obligatory is to deprive the divine Being of the voluntary service which is his by right. Second, so far as his fellow men are concerned, every man has the absolute and undeniable right to believe in, to reverence, and to worship God, or not to do any of these things, just as seemeth to him to be good; and to attempt to enforce all or any of these duties is to deny to the individual the rights that the Creator has given to him. Union of church and state has always worked evil and only evil, and we greatly marvel that it still has defenders, or even apologists. B. The Citizen, the State, and God By Judge Cyrus Simmons Knoxville, Tenn. THE citizen owes allegiance to the state and obedience to God. The decalogue constitutes a complete system of legislation pertaining to this dual relationship. The last six precepts enjoin one's duties to his fellows. They may be re-enacted or enforced by the state, in so far as citizenship is concerned, without violating religious obligations or rights of conscience. They have a literal application to the citizen, and a spiritual application to the Christian. Thus the laws against murder and adultery may be transgressed by the heart of hate and the lustful, salacious eye. The state can only take cognizance of the overt act, regard-less of the impurities of the mind and heart. 28 Whether the transgression is mental or physical, all these six commandments define what is right and prohibit what is wrong, and the guilty have no right to claim that the enforcement of them by the state violates liberty of conscience or freedom of religion. With the first four commandments this is not so. They enjoin one's duties to his God. Their obedience requires faith and worship. They are church proper-ties, and the foundation of church gov-ernments and regulations. The state can measure up to the highest ideals of civil-ity and good citizenship without the need or assistance of them. An attempt by the state to change, modify, or enforce any one of them makes a union of church 