GEORGE V, KING OF ENGLAND The British king says it is futile to consider mediation until German militarism has been crushed. LIBERTY 155 same act, as the destroyer of liberty, especially as the sheep was a black one. Plainly, the sheep and the wolf are not agreed upon a definition of the word lib-erty; and precisely the same difference prevails today among us human crea-tures, even in the North, and all profess- ing to love liberty. Hence we behold the process by which thousands are daily passing from under the yoke of bondage hailed by some as the advance of liberty, and bewailed by others as the destruction of all liberty." For Civil and Religious Liberties Lincoln firmly believed that the gov-ernment he represented was standing in defense of both civil and religious lib-erty. Note his response to a delegation of Evangelical Lutherans echo visited  him May 6, 1862: " I welcome here the representatives of the Evangelical Lu-therans of the United States. I accept with gratitude their assurance of the sympathy and support of that enlight-ened, influential, and loyal class of my fellow citizens in an important crisis which involves, in my judg-ment, not only the civil and re-ligious liberties of our own dear land, but in a larger degree the civil and religious liberties of mankind in many countries and through many ages." Acknowledged Dependence Upon God " In taking up the sword thus forced into our hands, this government appealed to the prayers of the pious and the good, and declared that it placed its whole dependence upon the favor of God. I 'now humbly and reverently, in your presence, reiterate the acknowl-edgment of that dependence, not doubting that, if it shall please the divine Being who determines the destinies of na-tions, this shall remain a united people, and that they will, hum-bly seeking the divine guidance, make their prolonged national existence a source of new ben-efits to themselves and their successors, and to all classes and conditions of mankind." And on another occasion he said: " I feel that I cannot suc-ceed without the divine bless- ing, on the Almighty Being I place my reliance for support." Government Not to Run the Churches Lincoln distrusted clergymen who claimed to " represent the divine will." Said he : " The United States govern-ment must not undertake to run the churches. When an individual, in a church or out of it, becomes dangerous to the public interest, he must be checked. I am approached with the most opposite opinions and advice, and by re- and 