20 LIBERTY sider the transportation of the mail and the opening of the post-offices on that day a violation of a religious duty, and call for a suppression of the practise. Others, by countermemorials, are known to entertain a different sentiment, believing that no one day of the week is holier than another. Others, holding the universality and immu-tability of the Jewish decalogue, believe in the sanctity of the seventh day of the week as a day of religious devotion, and by their memorials now before the committee, they also request that it may be set apart for religious purposes.2  Each has hitherto been left to the exercise of his own opin-ion, and it has been regarded as the proper business of government to protect all and determine for none. But the attempt is now made to bring about a greater unifor-mity, at least in practise ; and, as argument has failed, the government has been called upon to interpose its authority to settle the controversy. Congress acts under a constitution of delegated and limited pow-ers. The committee look in vain to that instrument for a delegation of power au-thorizing this body to inquire and deter-mine what part of time, or whether any, has been set apart by the Almighty for re-ligious exercises. On the contrary, among the few prohibitions which it contains is one that prohibits a religious test, and an-other which declares that Congress shall pass no law respecting the establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. The committee might here rest the argument upon the ground that the question referred to them does not come within the cognizance of Congress." The report further says : " If Congress shall, by the authority of the law, sanction the measure recommended, it would con-stitute a legislative decision of a religious controversy, in which even Christians them-selves are at issue. However suited such a decision may be to an ecclesiastical coun-cil, it is incompatible with a republican 2  From another statement in this report it seems doubtful whether any of the counter-memorialists actually asked for the setting apart of any other day than Sunday for religious pur-poses, as the closing words of the last paragraph of the report read thus : " It is also a fact that the countermemorials, equally respectable, op-pose the interference of Congress, upon the ground that it would be legislating upon a re-ligious subject, and therefore unconstitutional." legislature which is purely for political and not for religious purposes." And again : " The framers of the Con-stitution recognized the eternal principle INDEX TO THE DIPLOMATIC CORPS, WASHINGTON, D. C. L Š Persian Minister, Gen. Morteza Khan. 2 Š Begian Minister, Baron Moncheur. 3 Š Austrian Ambassador, Baron Hengelmuller. 4 Š Italian Ambassador, Baron Mayor des Planches. 5 Š German Ambassador, Baron von Sternberg. 6 Š Brazilian Ambassador, Joacham Nabuco. , 7 Š Argentine Minister, Mr. Portela. 8 Š Mexican Ambassador, Senor Creel. 9 Š Dyelal Munif Bey, first secretary, Turkey. io Š Chinese Minister, Sir Shentung Liang-Cheng. 12 Š Colombian Minister, Senor Cortes. 14 Š Japanese Minister, Baron Takahira. 17 Š Major Fournier, military attache, France. 18 Š Minister from Panama, Senor de Obaldia. t9 Š Minister from Nicaragua, Senor Corea. zo Š Mme. Creel, wife of the Mexican Ambassador. 21 Baroness Moncheur, wife of Belgian Minister. 22 Š Minister from Costa Rica, Senor Calvo. 23 Š Chargé d'Affaires of Mexico, Senor Godoy. 24 Š Baroness von Sternberg. 25 Š Mme. Hebbinghaus, wife of naval attache, Ger-man Embassy. 26 Š Mme. Godoy, wife of Charge d'Affaires, Mexico. 27 Š Viscountess de Faramond. 28 Š Miss Violet Langham, sister of Baroness von Sternberg. 29 Š Captain Hebbinghaus, naval attache, Germany. 3o Š Herr von Schubert, German Embassy. 31 Š Mme. do Amaral, wife of counselor, Brazil. 32 Š Mme. Pederneiras, wife of military attaché, Brazil. 33 Š Miss Mercedes Godoy, daughter of charge, Mexico. 34 Š Herr von Radowitz, second secretary, Germany. 35 Š Mme. Triana, wife of former charge, Colombia. 36 Š Mr. Veloso, former secretary, Brazil. 37 Š Mr. Zavalia, former secretary, Argentina. 38 Š Mr. Pulido, first secretary, Venezuela. 39 Š Baroness Mayor des Planches, wife of Italian Ambassador. 40  Š Major de Pederneiras, military attache, Brazil. 41 Š Mrs. James Bryce, wife of British Ambassador. 42 Š Ambassador from Great Britain, Mr. James Byrce. 43 Š Mme. de Obaldia, wife of former minister, Panama. 44 Š Count von Hatzfeldt, counselor, Germany. 46 Š Minister from Cuba, Senor Quesada. 47 Š Mme. Cortes, wife of minister, Colombia. 48 Š Mr. do Amaral, counselor, Brazil. so Š Mme. Corea, wife of minister from Nicaragua. 51 Š Late minister from Norway, Mr. Christian Hauge. 52 Š Mme. Portela, wife of Argentine Minister. 53 Š Mr. Masana Hanihara, second secretary, Japan. 54 Š Minister from Denmark, Mr. Constantin Brun. 55 Š Mme. de Quesada, wife of Cuban Minister. 56 Š Baroness Rosen, wife of Russian Ambassador. 57 Š Signora Pfister, wife of naval attache, Italy. 58 Š Countess von Hatzfeldt, daughter of former Japanese Ambassador. 59 Š Mme. Saez, wife of former naval attaché, Uruguay. 61 Š Minister from Haiti, Mr. Seger. 62 Š Senor Triana, former charge, Colombia. 63 Š Viscount de Chambrun, first secretary, France. 64 Š Count Sala, former secretary, France. 65 Š Mme. des Portes de la Fosse. 66 Š Mme. Carbo, wife of minister, Ecuador. 68 Š Miss Carbo, daughter of minister, Ecuador. 69 Š Minister from Ecuador, Senor Carbo. 70 Š Mrs. Chow, wife of chargé, China. 7! Š Chargé d'Affaires of China, Mr. Chow Tszchi. 73 Š Miss Bourke, niece of Mme. Leger, wife of minister, Haiti. 74 Š Minister from Chile, Senor Cruz. 75 Š Minister from Salvador, Senor Mejia. 76 Š Mr. William Seeds, former secretary, British Embassy. 77 Š Mme. Pomponio Guzman, wife of first secretary Colombian Legation. 