Temperance The Boy and the Cigarette LUCY PAGE GASTON Supt. National Anti-Cigarette League THE Anti-Cigarette League advocates are not the only ones who are sounding an alarm against this peril to the grow-ing youth from the use of cigarettes. A typical case of cigarettism was de-scribed to me one day last year by Will-iam G. Burns, " the weather man " of Springfield, Ill. He said : " I knew a youth in Washington, D. C. (my old home), who was as perfect a picture of budding manhood as it was ever my priv-ilege to see. He was handsome, athletic, vivacious, and teeming full of youthful energy. I lost sight of him for two or more years. When next I saw him he had degenerated into a decrepit, palsied wreck. The flower of youth had left his cheeks. Hollow-chested, with a hack-ing cough, he told me how he had become a victim of the cigarette habit. He died shortly afterward. I have not the time to go into details, but the transforma-tion in this promising boy made a sad and lasting impression. No boy who smokes cigarettes can enter our service." A father whose wealth is in the mil-lions once said to me: " I had a boy. He lies in a lowly grave. Cigarettes did it." Edison never loses an opportunity to sound a warning against the cigarette. To a Washington Post correspondent he said, in an interview : " Cigarettes are poison. We've either got to have anti-cigarette laws or more acreage for asy-lums for juvenile degenerates. The peo-ple will have to decide which they want." Judge Lindsay, in the Sunday School Times, says : " I have been in the Juve-nile Court nearly ten years, and in that time I have had to deal with thousands and thousands of boys who have dis-graced themselves and their parents, and who have brought sorrow and misery into their lives, and I do not know of any one habit that is more responsible  for the troubles of these boys than the vile cigarette habit. No pure-minded, honest, manly, brave, gentle boy will smoke cigarettes." Kan'Sas has the best law in the Union against the cigarette, and it should be a model for other States in dealing with this question. The law forbids the man-ufacture, sale, or giving away of ciga-rettes or cigarette papers, under heavy penalties. It also forbids the use of to-bacco in any form by minors under twenty-one years. Besides Kansas, nine other States now prohibit the manufac-ture and sale of cigarettes and cigarette papers, and a number forbid the smo-king of cigarettes in public places by minors under eighteen. Through a clever ruse of the Tobacco Trust, the famous Indiana law was re-pealed last year. The States now on the honor roll are Tennessee, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Kansas, Iowa, Nebraska, Washington, South Dakota, Minnesota, and Wisconsin. The laws are not always enforced, but a very little effort secures good results, and law-enforcement cam-paigns are to be pushed the coming year. The Anti-Cigarette League, charged with the responsibility of this important work, should have the support of all good peo-ple, moral and financial. Interest is now centering upon an ef-fort to enlist a million boys and their friends in the One Million Club of the Anti-Cigarette League. If the boys of this generation can be saved from the use of tobacco in any form, at least until they are twenty-one, the men of the fu-ture will be an improvement on the rank and file of this present generation. This is the high and holy aim of the Anti-Cigarette League, which invites the co-operation of all right-thinking people. A dime sent as a membership fee of the One Million Club will bring needed in-formation. Those, however, moved to help in a larger way, become supporting members by the payment of one dollar 