LIBERTY ENLIGHTENING THE WORLD LIBERTY An Epoch of Freedom SLOWLY men emerged from the despotism of the Middle Ages into the light of the civil and religious liberty of modern times. Little by little they began to recognize the rights of men, and to see that proscription and persecution are no part of the legiti-mate business of civil government; that the state can exist and is better off without an established religion, and that the church is better and purer when not allied to the state. In coming to this light and knowledge, one after another of the Old World powers issued edicts of toleration, which, while not reach-ing the standard of full and perfect liberty, were, nevertheless, steps to-ward it. They were bet-ter than tyranny. They were promises of better things to come. The Old World idea of government had been transplanted to the New World, and the evils of enforcing religion by law were seen here as there. Against these evils, and the principles supporting them, noble, courageous, Christian men took their stand. A New Nation Finally freedom came into full bloom. In the New World the seeds of civil and re-ligious liberty had taken deep root. From the virgin soil a nation arose in which there was " a church without a pope, and a state without a king." Conscience was placed above the civil power, and the word of God above the authority of the visible church. Its founders declared that all men are " created equal," and endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, among which are " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." They declared that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting  the free exercise thereof," and that " no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification for any office or public trust " under the government. The bell of " Lib-erty " rang out, on which were cast the words: " Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." A new nation was born, upon whose Great Seal was placed the Latin inscription, "Novus Ordo Seculorum," meaning, " A new order of things." Influence of the New Nation The spirit of freedom spread. The in-fluence of the example set by the new nation extended far and wide. In every nation men be-gan to call for liberty and to demand their rights,Ñ freedom to hold and express their opin-ions without fear of molestation, and to wor-ship God according to the dictates of their own conscience. Old laws restricting the liberties of the people were re-pealed, or allowed to fall into disuse and become a dead-letter. Persecu-tion died out. Freedom asserted herself, and the rights of man, for once in the world, sat on the throne. Suoh, for over a hundred years, as every one knows, has been the condition of things to a large degree throughout the civilized world. In nearly every nation under heaven the rights of man have been more generally recognized than they had been for ages past, yes, than they had been since the world began. An epoch of freedom indeed! An age of light and liberty ! To reach this point, however, it had cost many hard struggles, and the pouring out of much precious blood. The road to it is strewn with the bodies of brave men, and of the holy martyrs of Jesus, slain for free-dom's sake. We who are so blessed as to live in this glorious age,Ñ an age of light and liberty, of open Bibles, free spec,,-11, and 