186 LIBERTY seventh day is the Sabbath." The pro-moters of this congress say, " Nay, the first day is the Sabbath." Whose testi-mony shall we receive Š the word of men or the word of God? If they had more Bible support, they would not so sorely need the support of great names and civil enactments. A man-made institution must make up in political influence what it lacks in divine sanction. In Oakland there was but lit-tle appeal to the Scriptures ; and what little there was was on the basis of as-sumption pure and simple, for the Bible says nothing of the so-called " Christian sabbath." That Book enjoins the keep-ing holy of " the seventh day," " the Sabbath of the Lord." Martyrdom of John Huss ON July 6, five hundred years ago, John Huss was burned at the stake for his opinions. The sacrifice which Huss made in behalf of the cause of freedom is one of the landmarks of history. He ranks with Wyclif and Luther among the protagonists of freedom from the bond-age of ecclesiastical domination, both temporal and spiritual. The modern world owes an inestima-ble debt of gratitude to the indomitable courage and faith of this humble Bohe-mian. Great heroes arose who cham-pioned his principles, and the torch of freedom that was kindled by the sacrifice of Huss at the stake, lighted the path for whole nations, so that they were enabled to find their way out of the darkness of medievalism to the fuller light and greater freedom of post-Reformation times. The reaction following the martyrdom of Huss made possible the Reformation of a century later. The bad faith of Sigismund in permitting the violation of the safe-conduct given Huss, did much to shatter " that divinity that doth hedge about a king." The refusal of Charles V, a hundred years later, to follow Sigis-mund's example, was an acknowledg-ment that citizens have rights which even  kings are bound to respect. " Divine right " was not directly challenged by either Huss or Luther; but by the pro-test of the princes the authority of the Word of God was exalted above that of the visible church. The claim by the civil magistrate of right to dominate in spiritual things was repudiated ; and in the presence of the crown of Charles V, the crown of Jesus Christ was exalted as supreme. And this was the legitimate fruitage of the life, the teaching, and aboye all the death of John Huss. All honor to the man who at that early day dared to give his body to be burned alive rather than surrender soul liberty. To him and to others like him we owe today the freedom which is our boast, but which we do not always prize as we ought, nor guard as jealously as we should. C. S. L. tV IV IV God Seeks Our Love THE cell, the fagot, and the rack Cannot soul life impart; God seeks our loyalty, our love ŠAn undivided heart. And in return himself he gives Š His nature he imparts; Then fear not though earth's minions hurl A thousand vengeful darts. C. P. B. IV IV IV "Drink With Great Care " UNDER this heading the Washington Herald of August 4 printed the follow- ing dispatch : Š NEW YORK, AUGUST 3.Š" If you do not desire to hasten your graveyard journey, con-fine your drinking to less than two whiskies or three beers a day. More will boom the death rate." So declared, to the Association of Life In-surance Presidents, Arthur Hunter, chairman of the Central Bureau of the Medico-Actu-arial Mortality Investigation. The comparison was taken from records of 2,000,000 lives, covering a period of twenty-five years, made by forty-three insurance com-panies for use in their business. Doubtless the advice, " Drink with care," is good as far as it goes; but the question naturally arises, Why drink at 