Lincoln said, " Give your boys a chance." Don't force them to pass through such temptation. LIBERTY 45 man to spend for booze, the less he will have for shoes ; the more he spends for hops, the less he will have for crops ; the more he spends for wet goods, the less  their education. They circulate litera-ture and use the billboards of the country to carry false information and induce drunkenness. The liquor men have never yet issued a single pam-phlet for the benefit of the drunkard that he might overcome his evil habits through education. If they do not believe in making drunkards, and education is the proper cure, why do they not produce a pam-phlet that will cure drunk-ards, and spend a little money in showing the ter-rible, irreparable, and irre-deemable loss of manhood and womanhood that fol-lows too free indulgence in intoxicating drink? The salvation of one drunkard's life and home from wretchedness and ruin is of sufficient importance to justify the most heroic efforts and the expenditure of millions of dollars; and yet the liquor men put forth no effort and spend no money to cure the drunkard of the evil habits which their busi-ness has caused him to form. Instead, they spend thousands every year to boost a business that thrives on the making of drunkards, and on the eternal ruin of the souls of its most faithful patrons. he will have for dry goods; and the more he gives the bartender, the less he will have for the coal vender. The great majority of people cannot support both their families and the bartender ; there-fore they ought not to impoverish their families for the benefit of the bartender. If you stick your finger in a man's eye, he will wink ; if you thrust it into his pocket, he will shrink. The saloon is a robber and an outlaw ; and when it thrusts its hands into the American pocket and takes out two bil-lion dollars annually and re-turns no equivalent, it is enough to cause the Amer-ican people to shrink, and to try by pen, voice, and vote to stamp that traffic out for-ever. The liquor men say they are opposed to drunkenness, and are in favor of using the pen and voice in educating the people, as the legitimate means of curing drunkenness. But instead of coop-erating with the temperance forces in properly educating these drunkards, they spend millions of dollars in preventing Fe' " Woe unto him that giveth his neighbor drink, that puttest thy bottle to him, and makest him drunken."ŠBible. 