116 LIBERTY tual barrier against religious persecution, and make bloodshed and despotism im-possible, so far as religious differences were concerned. That the United States has in all re-spects reached the ideal of a purely sec-ular state cannot be successfully main-tained. Some of the States still retain some of the old ecclesiastical relics of the colonial period, and have not always been true to the spirit of religious lib-erty as guaranteed in the Declaration of Independence and the federal Constitu-tion. Some States never repealed the religious tests as a qualification to public office, nor the Sunday laws, which are purely religious in origin, nature, and  purpose. Frequently religious crusades are carried on by the churches, under which these laws are spasmodically re-vived. These religious laws which exist here and there and the methods by which they are carried into effect by religious agencies, are a direct violation of the basic principles of the fundamental law of the American Republic and also of the foundation principles of true Prot-estantism. Thomas Jefferson truly said that if these religious " shackles " are " not knocked off " from our statute books. Ł they " will be made heavier and heavier. till our rights shall revive or expire in a convulsion." "A High-Handed Decision" TI-IIS is the characterization given a certain semiofficial act by our Secretary of War, by the Pilot (R. C.) of Boston, in its issue of June 23. The following is the Pilot's edito-rial entire : " It was graceful of Secretary Baker to write Congressman. Tinkham of Mas-sachusetts ' in regard to the designation of the Y. M. C. A. to take charge of certain recreational activity inside the military camps,' and to assure him ' that  the Y. M. C. A. has undertaken a truly nonsectarian work in which Catholics will find themselves able heartily to co-operate,' but it is not convincing. Mr. Baker, in making these assur-ances, underwrites two propositions that are negatived by the public record of the Y. M. C. A. and the uniform Catholic position. This `designation' is by exec-utive order, which states : ' It seems best for the interest of the service that it (the Y. M. .C. A.) shall continue as a volun-tary civilian organization,' as if a pro-posal had been made to incorporate it as part and parcel of the mili-tary establishment. But to all intents and purposes it has by this designation been so incorpo-rated. No new Underwood and Underwood, N. Y. 