12  LIBERTY.  Religious Liberty Through the Christian Era C. M. SNOW SIXTY-THREE years before Christ, Julius Caesar became head of the state religion of Rome, the director of the worship of the Roman deities, empowered by authority of the State to punish, banish, or put to death those offending against the laws of the realm in matters of religious practise. In short, the state and its officials were the ultimate authority in affairs of religion ; state and church were united ; patriotism and religion were one; consequently, to re-fuse homage to the gods was unpatriotic as well as irreligious. Thus could the Roman Senate declare sacred the'¥person of Caesar, and make it an act of sacrilege to show him disrespect in any way, no matter of what unworthy deed he might be guilty; for by the votes of the people he was " Caesar the Demi-god," " The Invincible Deity." In such a system of government, religious liberty was a thing unknown. The subject of such a government was the property of that government Ñ its slave Ñ in each and all his functions. Did he have mental and physical abilities? they existed for the ends and purposes of the state, and for it alone. Did he have religious aspirations, reaching out after God? the ownership and director-ship of these, too, were the legal property of the state that owned him. Under such a government as this the worship of Je-hovah became permissible only because the laws of Rome made the gods of a subject nation a part of the deities of the realm, and Palestine was such a nation. The Dawning of Weligious Liberty This was the condition of the world when the Son of Joseph, the carpenter of Naz-areth, proclaimed his mission in Galilee of Judea. Though others before him had .as-serted their own individual liberty in mat-ters of conscience, Jesus Christ was the first to proclaim openly the emancipation of all mankind in this regard: " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." John 12: 47. Christ himself heralded the liberation of the soul from the prison-house of a state religion; and he himself went to the cross a victim  of the religious intolerance of the Jews, a criminal under the laws of the Hebrew nation, though spotless under the laws of God. That was but the beginning of the per-secution of Jesus Christ. He has been slain and burned and racked and scourged and imprisoned and banished in the person of his followers from then till now. And that he knew all this would come to those who would follow in his footsteps is shown in his words again and again:Ñ " But when they persecute you in this city, flee ye into another." Matt. To:23. " Behold, I send unto you prophets, and wise men, and scribes : and some of them ye shall kill and crucify; and some of them shall ye scourge in your synagogues, and persecute them from city to city." Matt. 23: 34- " The servant is not greater than his lord. If they have persecuted me, they will also persecute you." John 15: 20. " They shall put you out of the syna-gogues ; yea, the time cometh, that whoso-ever killeth you will think that he doeth God service." John 16:2. " Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven." Matt. 5:11, 12. The Warfare Begins There was no waiting time between the utterance of these prophetic words of Christ and their fulfilment. They began to be fulfilled at once, and are being ful-filled still, even in the United States of America. Christ had not left the tomb before the wrath of the Jews was being poured out upon his apostles. As a result of this they were gathered in a room with the doors closed " for fear of the Jews," on the evening of the day of Christ's resur-rection. The stoning of Stephen fulfilled the words of Christ's prophecy, as did also the intolerant career of Saul, till the glory of Christ's presence smote him on his last tour of persecution, and Saul, the perse-cutor, became Paul, the apostle of peace. Following this the history of the early church is a history of persecution sustained at the hands of Jews and heathen alike. So firm a hold had intolerance in religion se-cured upon the world that we have no rec- 