32 LIBERTY titute of religious freedom that in one State alone (Pennsylvania) eight of their members were languishing in jail for their obedience to God's holy law. Zeal for " the sacred day " on the part of Sunday-keepers went so far as to interfere with the free actions of even antislavery workers in the North, where they had always had the freest hand, and Rev. C. C. Burleigh was arrested in Pennsylvania and thrown into jail for selling the literature of that propaganda on Sunday. 'Such things greatly aroused and incensed some of the most eminent Americans, and one of the im-mediate results was the celebrated Anti-Sunday-Law Convention in Boston in 1848, called by William Lloyd Garrison, Theodore Parker, Parker Pillsbury, James and Lucretia Mott, C. C. Bur-leigh, Wendell Phillips, and others. The addresses at that gathering and the resolutions adopted have rung down through the decades since in thunder tones. Fifteen years now went by rather un-eventfully from the religious liberty standpoint, but other forces of a most fateful character had been working, and the horrifying political and social cata-clysm known as the Civil War spread its black and desolating pall over our fair land. In view of the terrible affliction of such a struggle, it would seem as if our devoted country might have been spared the additional calamity of a renewal of agitation looking toward the establish-ment of that greater slavery Š the slavery of the mind and conscience ; but in February, 1863, a gathering of the representatives of eleven of the Prot-estant denominations of America met at Xenia, Ohio, ostensibly for " prayer and Christian conference over the state of the country." Out of this gatheririg grew what has since been known as the National Reform Association, whose vital aim has always been the securing of a religious amendment to our glorious Constitution. At its meeting the next year it took definite steps toward inva-ding the halls of national legislation, and  from that time to this there has beesi no cessation of its insistent thunderings at the doors of religious liberty's hith-erto impregnable citadel Š the Congress of the United States. A splendid counter-movement took fair form in 1876, when the amendment to the Constitution, proposed. by James G. Blaine the December before, looking toward a constitutional frame that would absolutely forbid any State's en-actment of the least religious law, came before Congress and received the splen-did vote of one hundred eighty to seven in the House, but failed of the required two thirds in the Senate. Another period of quiet ensued, to be broken by action initiated again in the halls of national legislation. This time it was Senator Blair, of New Hampshire, who on May 21, 1888, in-troduced the far-famed bill " to secure to the people the enjoyment of the first day of the week as a day of rest and to promote its observance as a day of religious worship." This bill received elaborate and deserved attention in com-mittee, but it was so palpably and un-blushingly religious in its nature that it never came to vote in either legisla-tive chamber. The next year, however, the same gen-tleman brought it forward again, greatly changed, to hide its real religious char-acter. It was still too stiffly conscience= affecting, and died in that Congress. , Four days after the reintroduction of the bill, there came up in the House for the first time in congressional history a bill looking toward legislation on the " Sabbath " in the District of Columbia. The hearing on this bill was elaborate and interesting, but so powerful were the reasons urged against it by seventh-day people, chiefly Adventists, that it was killed with its running mates Š the Blair Sunday-Rest and the Blair Chris-tian Education bills. From the time of the failure of these efforts to the World's Columbian Expo-sition was another period of qiiiet in these matters ; but in connection with 