30 LIBERTY In the case of Melvin vs. Easley, 52 N. C., p. 356, Easley, a horse trader, on Sunday sold an unsound horse to Melvin, warranting it to be in good con-dition. Suit was brought on the war-ranty. The horse trader sought to escape li-ability by alleging that the trade was made on Sunday. The Court held that selling horses on Sunday was not forbid-den by the law. That the buyer was not doing the work of his ordinary calling and could bring the suit, while the seller, though doing the work of his ordinary calling, could not take advantage of his own wrong, and was liable. A Way of Escape for the Lawyer In further construing the Sunday law in this case, the Court proceeds : " So the case of a lawyer, who sits in his room and reads a law book, or writes a deed ; or a merchant, who in his count-ing-room, posts his books ; or an old lady, who sits by her fireside and knits, if done on Sunday, come within the words of the statute. But my opinion is that the statute is void and inoperative in respect to cases of this kind, and that its opera-tion is confined to manual visible or noisy labor." In the case of Rodman vs. Robinson, 134 N. C., p. 503, a contract made on Sunday for the sale of land was enforced and held not to be in contravention to the statute. The Court in this case, speaking through Chief Justice Clark, gives a very learned and profound ex-position of the history of Sunday legis-lation, showing that it began with Con-stantine 321 A. n. In the same case the Court makes the following statement, which challenges Scriptural authority for Sunday observ-ance: " Even if Christianity could be deemed the basis of our government, its own or-ganic law must be found in the New Testament, and there we shall look in vain for any requirement to observe Sunday, or indeed any day." CYRUS SIMMONS. A New Phase of National Reform (Continued from page 23) A conference of church dignitaries of the highest rank meeting with govern-mental representatives and delegates of high civil rank, all unofficially of course, from many nationalities, may be very innocent and fraught with apparently small consequences ; but we cannot for-get that the church councils of the fourth century began in exactly this way. The ecclesiastical and civil officers first met in joint sessions anti passed recommenda-tions which were intended to crystallize public sentiment. In time these councils became all powerful in influence and resulted in a union of church and state. At first the church was subordinated to the state, and later the state and each individual in the state was subordinated to the im-peccable and infallible decrees of the established church. It appears on the surface according to the religio-political aspects which these World Conferences are assuming and the theocratic theories they are advancing, that the National Reform Association is actually begin-ning to formulate and to build up in this country " an image " to the old Christian apostasy in the early days of the Roman Empire. It may be that this movement is going to make possible the fulfilment of the latter portion of the thirteenth chapter in the book of Reve-lation. If its theories are ever fully realized, this great religious movement will certainly meet every specification of Revelation 13 : 11-17. May God defer the day of its consum-mation, because it will mean the death knell of individual freedom to worship God according to the dictates of con-science, and a complete union of church and state, with the cruel hand of perse-cution swaying the civil scepter supreme.  THERE are some problems which hu-man beings cannot solve. This world will never have lasting peace until the Prince of Peace comes the second time.  