Tennessee Court Vindicates Sabbatarians BY THE EDITOR FOR many years those who observed another day than Sunday as holy time were mercilessly persecuted before the courts of the State of Tennessee. Scores of Seventh-day Adventists were fined, imprisoned, and forced to work in chain gangs, for observing the fourth com-mandment as it is written in the deca-logue. For the most trifling work done on Sunday, after these Sabbatarians had conscientiously rested on Saturday, they were indicted and haled before the courts, where they stood no possible chance of escaping conviction. But the court at Gallatin, Tenn., on May 24, refused to perpetuate this shame-ful record any longer against these in-offensive citizens. Five Sabbatarians had been indicted by the grand jury for do-ing trifling work on Sunday, and placed under bond to answer before the circuit court at Gallatin. Religious prejudice was at the root of the indictments. Dur-ing the trial this feature was quite strongly developed on the part of the prosecutor * and a few witnesses, and the court refused to sustain the first three indictments. The prosecutor charged that he had seen Robert and Ralph Ashton in their potato bin on Sunday, picking over a few bushels of decaying potatoes, while he was passing by in his automobile, himself on a business errand. Mr. Templeton was charged with having violated the Sunday law of Tennessee by digging a mess of potatoes out of his garden for dinner on Sunday. These were all the offenses that the prosecutor could bring Ł In Tennessee the complaining witness is called the prosecutor, and his name appears upon the indictment. The case is prosecuted before the court, however, by the attorney-general of the judicial district. against these three men after he and his private sleuths had watched them for nearly two years to see whether they could not catch them working on Sunday. It would have been a great travesty upon justice if the judge had not thrown these cases out of court, the indictments having been found upon insufficient evidence. The next cases, those of Mr. Robin-son and his son, were submitted to the jury. Ten men on the jury were for acquittal, but the other two had strong religious prejudices and refused to yield to the ten. So it resulted in a mistrial, and these cases were passed over to the next term of court. Our readers will be interested in a few striking extracts taken from the speeches to the jury by the prosecuting attorney, Mr. Bowman (who never fails to show his religious prejudice on such occasions), and by the attorneys for the defendants. Speech of Attorney-General Bowman " Gentlemen of the jury, this gentleman is charged with following his usual avocation of labor on Sunday, designated by the law as the day to be observed. The law of Tennessee has seen fit to fix the first day of the week as a day of rest. He must desist from his usual work. Our law has fixed upon the Christian sabbath, or Sunday. The carrying on of any ordinary business on Sunday is a violation of it. " You have heard Mr. Robinson say, you have heard it fall from his lips, that he would do no work on Saturday. It is observed by those people as scrupulously as any man ever observed the Christian Sunday fixed as a day of rest in Tennessee. While they do this, yet this man did openly violate the law and did openly pursue his usual avocation on Sunday. He did work in his chair shop, and his excuse for that labor was that he worked on Sunday because he wanted to get the job out and get the money on Monday. If that excuse would hold good, you could all have a good time. Bigotry has no head and cannot think, no heart and cannot feel. When she moves, it is in wrath; when she pauses, it is amid ruin. Her prayers are curses, her god is a demon, her communion is death, her vengeance is eternity, and her decalogue is written in the blood of her victims.Š Daniel O'Connell. 133 