In the Wake of a Brewer's Truck A MINISTER sat on his piazza and be-held a very common sight. Down the road came a rumbling and growling " chug-chug," and round the corner, be-neath the overhanging branches of trees which cast their shadows upon the beau-tiful suburban road, came a big red auto-truck, driven by two puffy, bleary-eyed men and loaded to the top with cases of beer. The sunlight shone and sparkled on the bottles, and the beer foamed and flashed, as the truck swayed from side to side on the smooth.  asphalt pavement. Cumbrously, it toiled on its way with a bulky leer at the church and a sullen rumble of sound at the poor preacher on the parsonage piazza with his hopeless task of uplifting the human race and sav-ing for God his lost and ruined sons. Loudly growling, it passed along in the devil's work, down the sun-kissed, tree-embowered road, past the sumptuous homes, and on to the heat and toil and sin of the great city. No Juggernaut of India nor chariot of Roman conqueror with captives bound to its wheels, carried what that car carried or crushed as that car was to crush. Two little children, who belonged to the Sunday school, stopped at their play and drew back into the yard, and each, with a tiny baby fin-ger in a tiny baby mouth, looked with frightened eyes at the grunting, rum-bling truck ; while, a little farther on, a tattered, hungry tramp, half rising from the ditch, shook his fist and cursed roundly, and then looked after the truck with a thirsty glare. This, Today; That, Tomorrow Queer old world ! Just a difference of past and future tense separated babies and tramp. Out of the yard and down the road past church and Sunday school, while the years went by, the childish feet were to wander, and find, at the end, the tramp's place 'in the ditch by the side of the road ; for beer was, first, a healthful tonic, then a stimulant, then a cursed blight, and, finally, the passport to hell. The truck stopped at a magnificent mansion, and the men carried in a case of the best of all the brands; but the keen-faced, white-haired man on the piazza little thought that the beer wagon had called his son to a life which should end in a pauper's grave. Yet that only son of the house and fortune tried a bot-tle of the liquor and started on the way to ruin. Like an incarnate fiend, the soothing, sparkling liquor had laid its blighting clutch upon both the brain and fortune of that house till the gorgeous home became a desolate ruin, with crum-bling walls and weed-grown lawns. Away down the road the truck rum: bled and growled and stopped at a lonely wayside inn, Š a mere road house and nest of criminals, where two thieves were tempting a third to murder. Just as he had refused and was on the point of de-parting, a waiter came with a bottle from the wagon. The man waited to drink, and booze did what the tempter could not. Blood! The next morning news of a most brutal and atrocious murder horrified the little country town ; and pale-faced moth-ers drew their children to their bosoms while they watched the little groups of stern and solemn men gathered here and' there. Across the pleasant fields of wav-ing grain and nodding flowers sounded the blood-curdling howl of the dogs and the shouts of officers hunting a drunken wretch, that he, too, might die. Two sturdy, honest-faced working men were going home, and one said to the other: " John, there is Gaumboyer's truck. Let us stop and get a bottle of his fresh, cool ale." John demurred, but his friend urged and they stopped. That was the first drink in a long time. Others followed, and, finally, John walked unsteadily homeward. The months came and went, till several years slipped by. One cold and dreary 139 