84 LIBERTY Catholic perhaps than either the mother country or the United States, has risen up against the decree, her legislature has  show how the decree works in America: On August 4, Ł19g9, a Roman Catholic Hungarian, Stephen Dagonya, of Perth Amboy, N. J., was married to Mary Csoma, also a, ,Hun-garian, but a mem-ber of the Reformed Church. The mar-riage, ceremony was performed by Rev. Louis Nanassy, the bride's pastor, who was at the time, and still is, pastor of the Magyar Reformed Church of Perth Am-boy. This marriage was performed in ac-cordance with the laws of New Jersey, and was duly re-corded in the office of the city clerk of Perth Amboy. A copy of this official record, together with a certified copy of the record preserved in the office of the Mag-yar Reformed Church, is in the hands of the editor of this journal, and will be published if occasion should de-mand. There can be no question as to the legality of the mar-riage or the legiti-macy of the off-spring. When a child was born to this couple, the father desired that it receive baptism at the hands of the Roman Catholic priest. This was done; but when he asked for a certificate of baptism, which, should he ever return to Hungary, would the ;211-7  Pug rrY Num. Curt  LAUDETUR JESUS CHRISTUS. LECTURIS SALUTEM IN DOMINO. ogo infrarcripius Rector 6ccleroto Hungaricoe Rom. Cod, rub Walt, SANCTAE CRUC1S In Citaate PERTH AMBOY. N. J.. is Dloocri TRENTONIENS1. Statibus FoccIrratis jitnericae Septembrionobs. ornniben et Jingulis quorum interest our quornodo interesse Wont. Notom 1-ttnobnto Frtr,  TAPTISATORUM hunts Ecclonoe td good eeauimr moon "Irmo Domini  If 1'9....  die  61  In Ecclesia S'tae Crucis Perth Amboyensis, Middlesex County, N J Dioceits Trentoniensis, iuxta ritum Ecclesiae Rom. Catho'licae Daptisaci  ItavekmŠfer.%),  naLeten,  die P.,t-mensis_dirVe-rrktiA D. 1.40:14 ex Patre Sktr,-77.- ,Ł-ŁŁŁŁŁŁ Ł 4ŁŁŁŁg. ex (*co orliefelLI ŁYA-D,19-‚:-4-icx-m Ł Xl-td-,,ec-0)  hobitationis el ex Make  ,,,,, __ loco origins/LOT"  46-46-10  habitations  Patrini fuerunt   _dXrc4:: kaŁ-Ł1244;  NOTA i-e,"Łfir4 in:wriane$ 1,4*.  (Subraipturn) n quorum fidem has leatimoniales litter-as sigillo Ecclesioe manilas, manu propria subscribe, Datum Perth Amboy, N. '" A. D. /P" die .C.14-mensis  Z."'"-Ł Rector Ecclesioe Hungoricoe. (  THE DEFAMATORY CERTIFICATE taken cognizance of it in an adverse manner, and the action of her legislature is now under review by the British gov-ernment. A few concrete cases will serve to 