94 LIBERTY party would, in the end, get the upper hand."Š" Intellectual Development of Europe," by Draper, Vol. 1, p. 311. ONE of the distressing features of the present war is the apparently wanton destruction of old cathedrals and other beautiful historic structures. " One of the grandest examples of Gothic architecture was the Cathedral of Rheims," says one of our Catholic exchanges. " It was shelled without consideration several times, so that to save what was left of it Š for every foot of it was precious Š Cardinal Lucon, the archbishop of Rheims, had his great ca-thedral partly cleared and some price-less stained glass windows boarded up. Recently, however, the city was again bombarded in a barbarous manner, and probably the cathedral will be a hopeless ruin." THE church and state forces in Cali-fornia have tried for many years to se-cure a State Sunday law, but in vain. Three or four 'years ago, failing to im-press the legislature properly, they in-voked the initiative in behalf of their pet measure, but it was defeated at the polls by an adverse majority of 168,216 votes. Then they took a new tack and in-duced the councils of a number of Cali-fornia cities to enact local Sunday-clos-ing ordinances. This was done some months ago in Los Angeles, the ordi-nance being adopted unanimously. But the mayor and the city attorney, believing the measure to be unconstitu-tional, declined to enforce it. This, how-ever, was only the beginning of troubles for the city council. Notice was served on them that the initiative, the referen-dum, and the recall would be invoked against them, if necessary, to dispose of the objectionable measure. The city pa-pers and business men took the matter up, and made it so warm for the council that the members, becoming alarmed for their political future, met and unani-mously repealed the measure which only  a few weeks before they had unani-mously enacted. There is no question about public sen-timent in California; it is against Sun-day laws. The State has been without any such law during by far the greater part of its history, and experience has demonstrated that there is no necessity for such a law. About a third of a century ago the party then in power in California went before the people pledged to maintain the law. The op-posing party declared for its repeal, and won a decisive victory at the polls. Twice within the last five or six years the question has been passed upon by the voters of California, the last time the adverse majority being larger than ever before. The same year the people of Oregon repealed, through the initiative, the Sunday law of that State by a very decisive majority. About the same time the citizens of Altoona, Pa., repudiated a Sunday ordinance by a large majority. There is a lesson in these facts, not only for lawmakers, but for the people. The people are against Sunday laws, not only in California, but everywhere. Let the people speak. So far twelve of the necessary thirty-six States have ratified the national Pro-hibition Amendment. Of these, three were wet States and were confidently relied upon by the liquor forces to reject the Amendment. One State, New York. side-stepped the Amendment by submit-ting it to a vote of the people. The dry forces are sure that the Amendment will win at the polls. In Pennsylvania the two principal parties have lined up on the prohibition question. The Repub-lican candidate stands pledged to pro-hibition and woman suffrage ; the Demo-cratic candidate is pledged to oppose both of these reform measures. There is little doubt as to the result in Penn-sylvania upon such issues. Party poli-ties will probably cut small figure in the election, and the voters will cast their ballots for or against prohibition and equal political rights 