of)(-1 24 LIBERTY Civic Righteousness S. B. HORTON THAT there is such a thing as civic righteousness may not be successfully de-nied. The Great Teacher of righteous- ness gave a command in regard to  civic righteousness when he said, " Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's." Therefore when the citizen renders to civil government the things which belong to it, then may it be said of him that he enjoys the rec-ord of good citizenship, civic right-eousness. But there is reason to believe that a misapprehension exists upon the part of many, and particularly among a large number of religious leaders, in regard to what constitutes civic right-eousness, judging from certain move-ments being made on the part of the religious forces in this country. Be-ginning soon after the close of the Civil War, these movements have been focused into inter-church unions (limited) and kindred federations. Civic righteousness with many to-day has come to mean that the na-tion's citizenship shall not only " ren-der to Caesar the things that are Cxsar's," but that there shall also be rendered unto Caesar " the things that are God's." Whereas, the command of the Saviour explicitly states that we are to render unto Caesar only that which belongs to Caesar, and to God the things that are God's. The Sa-viour's instruction suggests a twofold relationship,Šone pertaining to God's government, the other pertaining to human government. One is a citizen-ship involving purely civil matters, and belongs to this world ; while the other has to do with a citizenship which may be called heavenly. " Our citizen- ship is in heaven," says the apostle Paul. " My kingdom is not of this world," says the Redeemer. In both cases organization is an essen-tial factor. The church is a body com-prising a volunteer citizenship of those  who choose to serve the Lord as a re-sult of conviction affecting the heart and inmost thoughts, which, brought to its fullest development, is termed conver-sion. The one essential element enter-ing into this condition is individual faith. STATE CAPITOL BUILDIN In this city, from July 7 to 12, was held th, The state is an organization ordained of God particularly for the government of those who do not choose to serve the Lord. If all mankind had chosen to serve the Governor of the universe, there would have been no need of the state, or civil power. But for the control of even those who will not serve him, " the powers that be are ordained of God," and 