LIBERTY 13 day. Such a course is a violation of every principle of the gospel. Did you know that Sunday laws promote immorality? The chairman of the Interna-tional Reform Bureau says that the State of California, which has no Sunday laws, shows a better condition of morals than any State where Sunday laws exist. He said further that every State that perse-cuted seventh-day day observers was a backward state. Every State that has a Sunday law, when carried to its logical end, will persecute; for as the historian has said, in the first step there is found the ultimate end of the whole thing. You enter upon this course, and it will end in persecution. Only a few days ago we received a com-munication from South Carolina, where three Christian men were arrested because they did some work in a secluded place on Sunday after they had kept the seventh day. They were brought before the judge, tried, convicted, and fined, because, in this land of the free, under these stars and stripes, they had dared to perform labor upon Sunday, the first day of the week, as the Lord commands. No less than fifteen States of the forty-six have actually per-secuted seventh-day observers, and that work is now being prompted, and is going on at a rapid rate. They would like to have the Sunday newspaper stopped, the parks shut up, the street-car traffic stopped, etc. When all the places of amusement are closed, what will the godless people who have no inter-est in religion do? These people will do something, for " Satan finds some mischief still for idle hands to do." Those countries where there exists the strongest union of church and state have the continental Sunday with all its demor-alizing amusements. So it is demonstrated that an alliance between the church and the state is not productive of better Sab-bath observance. Why should we repeat the experience of Spain and France? When a union of church and state is se-cured in this country, it will mean the death-knell of this nation. We are told that they do not want a re-ligious day enforced; they simply want Sunday enforced as a civil institution. A few years ago, the advocates of Sunday legislation in Massachusetts were calling loudly for a " civil sabbath," maintaining  that they wanted it free from anything of a religious character. The sincerity of this claim was tested by the introduction into the Massachusetts Legislature of a strictly civil Sunday bill. That is, the day was placed on the same basis that other civil days are; viz., Wash-ington's birthday, fourth of July, etc. This of course left the manner of its observance wholly with each indiyidual. Ł The result was that when a hearing was called to consider this proposed civil Sun-day bill, the clergy of Boston who were championing Sunday legislation were pres-ent, and entered a most vigorous protest against the " civil sabbath bill," thus dem-onstrating that it is the religious feature of the day that they are seeking, and not the civil. Surely the time has come when the evils of Sunday legislation should be unveiled, thus enabling every loyal citizen of Amer-ica to' understand the meaning of these things. Sunday Laws and Good Government ADDRESS BY LEE S. WHEELER, OF BOSTON EVERY intelligent person reccgnizes a difference between what is civil and what is religious. A man may be civil and yet not be religious. He may be a good citizen and a kind neighbor, and yet belong to no church. We have the Sunday-school and the pa-rochial school, supported by the church ; these are religious. On the other hand we have the public school, supported by the State, which is purely civil or secular. It is made secular simply that it may include the children of all faiths or no faith,Š the Jew, the Christian, the Catholic, the Prot-estant, the heathen, the agnostic,Š.that the children of all these may attend the public school without interfering with the relig-ious convictions of any. All religious teach-ing is purposely and properly left out of the public school in order that it may not tres-pass on the rights of any one. This illustrates the principle underlying all civil government, of which the public school is but a representative feature. A plain distinction must be made between that which is civil and that which is relig-ious. It must be apparent to all that Sunday 