LIBERTY 67 to these gentlemen, that personally I have no animus against any member of the Roman Catholic Church. Many of my dearest friends are members of that religious body. I am simply trying to state a situation in regard to which these political papers have been mis-represented. They have dealt with political issues only. I honor the Roman Catholic who believes in his religion, and I love him. There is no an-tagonism there at all. In my answer to this gentleman's question, I simply state what is the theology of that  claims to be a prisoner there, and because, if he should do so, the moment he makes his egress from the Vatican grounds, his feet tread upon soil over which he should be sov-ereign, and of his sovereignty over which he has been deprived. No other church claims what the papal church claims, and without any bitterness at all, many American citizens feel that, with that church professing that doctrine, it is not wise to put the government of this country into the hands of those representatives who profess allegiance to that church. DR. W. RUSSELL COLLINS, OF NEW YORK CITY religion, which any Roman Catholic priest will testify is the theology of that church. The Church Above the State No other church in Christendom claims ju-risdiction over the civil authority, except that church. The Protestant church is not in the same position. It claims no jurisdiction over the state. It does not claim to have the right of jurisdiction over the state. The Roman Catholic Church does claim the right of juris-diction over the state, and the cry of the Pope today is that he is deprived of his right in many countries because he is no longer al-lowed to exercise the jurisdiction in those countries which he once exercised. He will not come out of the Vatican, because he SANFORD B. HORTON, WASHINGTON, D. C., SECRETARY OF THE COLUMBIA RE-LIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSN. Following Mr. Collins, Prof. C. S. Longacre, editor of this magazine, spoke in opposition to the bills. Professor Longacre's Statement Mr. Chairman, I represent the Religions Liberty Association of Seventh-day Advent-ists of North America, which has a constit-uency of nearly too,000. First of all, I wish to present a long list of protests in addition to protests which I have already sent to the committee, in opposition to these bills which are now under considera-tion. I also have with me a paper prepared by Prof. W. W. Prescott, which he requested to he put into the record, as lie could not be 