LIBERTY 13 this law, and would be compelled, under penalties of fine and imprisonment, to close on Sunday. The First Step in Establishing a .National Religion From all this it is evident that providing a mere physical weekly rest is not the real object of the proposed law, but rather the establishment of a religious institution by national law, and its enforcement under the permit& of national law. Like all Sunday laws which have preceded it, its object is "to protect the first day of the week as a day of rest and worship," and to make it the established Sabbath of the nation. But this means the beginning of the es-tablishment of religion by law,Š the uni-ting of church and state,Š the end of which means intolerance and persecution under the power and sanction of the national government. It means the employing of the power of the government for the en-forcement of the institutions, rites, and dogmas of the church, and, in the end, the oppression of those who may dissent from observing or assenting to them. In this way and by this very means Šthrough Sunday legislation Š church and state were united in the fourth and fifth centuries. Beginning with the Sunday edict of Constantine, in A. D. 321, may be traced the various steps which led up to the full and complete union of church and state,Š the establishment of religion by law,Š and the dark days of intolerance and religious persecution which followed. When once civil government yields to the demand of the church for religious legis-lation, the die is cast, and all the baleful results of a union of church and state in-evitably follow. No National Sunday Law Yet Passed The United States government was es-tablished upon the principle of a complete separation of church and state. No place for Sunday laws or any other form of re-ligious legislation was provided in its Constitution; but, on the contrary, such legislation is expressly forbidden by the Constitution to the national legislature. Notwithstanding, various attempts have been made at different times to influence Congress to enact Sunday laws; up to the present time no such law has been passed by Congress' This step in the backward, downward way has yet to be taken by the national law-making body of this country. And in view of the history of the past, of the great sacrifices that have been made, and the great struggles which have been passed through to insure to us our present freedom, ought not every laver of liberty, and every lover of his country to work and pray earnestly that this first, fatal step shall not be taken, but that the liberties which we have here so long enjoyed, and which have been purchased at so great a cost, may still be continued and enjoyed? Apparently but a brief step lies between this proposed act and law. Let a mighty protest be sent in to the Senate, urging that the measure be not passed. Let the men composing this body be urged and en-couraged to stand true to their oaths to uphold and support the Constitution, which says, Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof." Let liberty, and above all religious liberty, live. Let the observance of the Sabbath, and the day to be observed as the Sabbath, as well as all other questions of religion, be left with each individual soul and God. In religion let there be no compulsion. Love and respect for the Sabbath can not be increased by a forced observance. They must come, if at all, through conviction, not by coercion. Where legal enactment begins moral suasion ends. Let it be her-alded throughout the land that the Sabbath is religious; that it belongs to God; and that its observance is to be rendered to God, not to government. Let the controversy as to which Sabbath shall be observed, or whether any Sabbath shall be observed, be settled, not by act of Congress, but by free and untrammeled conscientious conviction, formed in the light of God's Word, inn-,  minated by his Holy Spirit. Let reason, religion, and liberty live on. ',Congress has conditioned its appropriations to various Expositions, such as the Chicago, Buffalo, St. Louis, Port-land, and Jamestown Expositions, upon Sunday closing; but as yet it has passed no law compelling any one, under penalties, to observe Sunday. 