O Harris & Ewing JUSTICE DAVID BREWER The Civil Sabbath a Religious Cat's-Paw  By   KIT CARSON RUSSELL   THE champions of religious legis-lation have in vain endeavored to hide the religious character of en-forced Sunday observance under the transparent covering called the " civil sabbath." It is evident from an editorial in the World, of New York City, under date of Dec. 20, 1916, that the " civil sabbath " fraud cannot pass unchallenged by the public. The edi-torial was written the past winter when the campaign was on to de-feat the movement for legislation in the inter-ests of moving picture shows on Sunday. In speaking of the effort on the part of the church element to raise money to defeat the proposed measure for the running of the Sunday picture shows, the editor says : " That act is essentially religious. It assumes to sanctify a particular day, to force its observance on mil-lions of people, many of whom do not regard it as holy. Out of respect for religious senti-ment the courts have sustained the law, but if such a statute were to be proposed today as an original proposition, it would be judi-cially nullified as promptly as would an act establishing a state church. . . . An impres-sive exhibition at this time of the narrow spirit to which we were indebted for the law in the first place, would be likely to set in motion forces that might not be appeased by partial emancipation from a tyranny long en-dured." It is plainly to be seen from the fore-going quotation from the New York World, that the editor recognized that the movement in the interest of Sunday legislation is solely a religious one. The editor further recognizes that Sunday legislation is as much a violation of the 76  principles of our government as an act would be to establish a state church. The Sabbath is a religious institution, and all legislation regarding Sabbath ob-servance is religious in character, and therefore both un-Christian and un-American. The state has to do only with questions of a civil character, not with religious forms and institutions. The idea of a civil sabbath can be easily exposed. We have civil holidays, namely, the Fourth of July, Wash-ington's Birthday, etc., but who ever heard of people being prohibited from doing on those days whatever they might choose to do, pro-vided the things they did were not uncivil? This is not the case with the laws regarding the observance of Sun-day ; for everything is prohibited excepting works of necessity and charity. While this magazine is not attempting to defend the moving picture shows on any day, it believes that if they are le-gitimate on other days of the week, they are equally legitimate on Sunday, and should not be restricted unless it can be shown that they are uncivil. Then they should be prohibited from running not only on Sundays, but on all days of the week. Should there be any lingering doubt as to the religious character of Sunday legislation, the following from the late Justice Brewer will forever settle the question : " Indeed, the vast volume of official action, legislative and judicial, recognizes Sunday as a day separate and apart from the others, a 