LIBERTY 77 ganizations to secure the enactment of laws that make religious practices com-pulsory is the most astonishing paradox of this wonderful century. In this cen-tury, when men had broken loose from ecclesiastical tyranny, such wonders have been achieved as would have seemed to our ancestors superhuman. This has been accomplished because men in this century have been free to think, to wor-ship, to write, and to speak. In the Dark Ages, the midnight of the world, such liberties were unknown, and conse-quently such achievements were un-known. It is, therefore, with the utmost  apprehension that we look upon such propositions as that of the Federal Coun-cil of the Churches to secure such legis-lation as it demands through the com-pelling power of its united influence; or upon the demands of the Catholic Church for legislation subversive of the freedom of the press; or upon the de-mands of the National Reformers for such an alteration of the national Con-stitution as will place Christian rites and ordinances on " an undeniably legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." Against this we protest in the name of justice and Christianity. c. M. S. More Legislation for the Church ACCORDING to a report in the \\ liming-ton  (Del,) Morning News, of March 12, the lower house of the Delaware Legis-lature passed a bill on March i 1, which had previously passed the senate, mak-ing Good Friday a legal holiday. Representative Hall stated, as his rea-son for calling up the bill, that Good Fri-day was " one of the most solemn days of the year," and he was " sorry that the bill did not go further and include Easter Monday as a holiday also." Representative Bendier said the holi-day proposed was " not a holiday for getting drunk, as some persons do on holidays, but a day of devotion to the divine Saviour who gave his life for us." Representative Downward said he had received a protest from the Second Bap-tist Church against the bill because of a fear that it would bring church and state too close together. " But," said Repre-sentative Downward, " I don't see any great danger in that becoming as it was in years long ago." That is certainly a " downward " tendency ; and the most re-grettable part of it is that, through such campaigns as that carried on by the Na-tional Reform Association and the Lord's Day Alliance, the percentage of Down-wards is increasing in our legislatures. both State and national. We honor the Baptists for their protests against such a measure. The tendency of such legis-lation is seen in the expressed wish of one of the legislators that the bill had gone further into religious things. First, Sunday is made a compulsory sabbath. Then Good Friday is made a legal holi-day, which is to be " a day of devotion to the divine Saviour who gave his life for us; " and then the legislator " is sorry the bill did not go further and include Easter Monday." The next step will be to make Easter Monday a legal holiday, and express a wish that infant baptism be made compulsory, and so on and so on. It is worthy of note that this Mr. Downward who urged the passage of this bill did not see any danger in a re-turn to the conditions of " long ago "Š a union of church and state. This remark is a plain indication that Mr. Down-ward saw the trend of such legislation. His further remark that he would " not allow any man to outvie "-him " in honor-ing Jesus Christ " shows that he under-stood the legislation to be religious in its nature Š done for the honor of Jesus Christ. When the legislation of the coun-try is in the hands of men who see no dan-ger in a union of church and state ; when they knowingly legislate upon religious 