LIBERTY 157 As our statesmen are all pledged to sustain the Constitution, we hope that they will reject any measure that may  be introduced which in any way tends to undermine this document, however specious may be the plea. IV OF sr Origin of the State Civil Government a Divine Institution CARLYLE B. HAYNES THE state, equally with the church, is an institution of God. " The powers that be are ordained of God." See Rom. 13: I, 2. Civil government is divinely ordained to rule in those things which belong to it. This fact alone, that both church and state are ordained of Gdd, is sufficient to prove that they operate in different spheres; for God does not create two institutions to perform the same work. God not only instituted the state, but he works through it to accomplish his own purposes. He exalts to rule in civil government whomsoever he will. " The Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will." Dan. 4:32. God is the author of civil government. While God is the author of civil gov-ernment, yet he delegates his authority to rule in it to men, who thus become ministers of God, and to them tribute, custom, fear, and honor are due. Rom. 13 5-7- The best and first affections of man are demanded by God. The safeguards of his law are thrown around all his creatures. He says to each moral being, " Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thy-self." This one command alone would have been sufficient, if man had never sinned, to provide for the human race all the blessings now secured through civil gov-ernment, for no man would ever have violated any of the rights of any other man ; and every man would thus have been secure in all his rights if the simple attribute of love had prevailed among all men. But man rebelled against the law of his Maker. And as a result, God's command to love one another no longer afforded the protection made necessary by the coming of sin into the world. Hence " God ordained that men should organize for their own protection and the securing of their own natural rights. This we call civil government." Civil government, however, does not supersede divine government. It does not in the slightest degree release the individual from obedience to the divine law. It merely provides a way by which men can compel their fellows to yield to them those rights which belong to them. " Notwithstanding the ordinance of civil government, God is still the great moral Governor. To him every soul is responsible." Š Religious Liberty Li-brary, Vol. II, page 181. Let the state come between the in-dividual and God, and individual respon-sibility toward God would .be destroyed. The state is not to enforce the law of God;, for then the individual would seek to know, not the will of God, but the will of the state. Thus the state would be put in the place of God. If civil government had not been es-tablished by God, one of two things, or both, would have resulted, each of which would have been destructive to human society. Human vengeance for transgression against human rights would have been so swift and certain that the very object of God in leaving men free to choose or refuse his service would have been de-feated, or Š 