12 LIBERTY The first Sunday law, the edict of the emperor Constantine, was the product of that pagan conception, developed by the Romans, which made religion a part of the state. The day was to be venerated as a religious duty owed to the god of the sun. . . . The Founder of the Chris-tian religion said that his kingdom was " not of this world," and under our con-stitutions, both State and federal, no act can be required or forbidden by statute because such an act may be in accord-ance with or against the religious views of any one. . . . It is incorrect to say that Christianity is a part of the common law of the land, however it may be in England, where there is a union of church and state, which is forbidden here.Š North Carolina Reports, Vol. CXXXIV, pages 508-515. Bases Decision on Religion The decision of the District Appellate Court continues: Š Irrespective of any mandate of law, the Christian world, of which this coun-try is a part, has by common consent set apart the first day of the week as a day of rest, reflection, and devotion. But that can have nothing to do with the civil affairs of the country. The laws of the commonwealth are supposed to stand upon a basis of their own. American legislation and American ju-dicial decisions must be based upon the national Constitution, not upon the de-crees of a church council. State law and municipal law are based upon State con-stitutions and municipal charters, not upon the decisions of denominational conferences or the religious requirements of local church bodies. What a church or a body of churches may do is no suf-ficient basis, in fact, is no basis at all, for the enactment of civil laws bearing upon all. Because that part of the world which is called the Christian world " has by common consent set apart the first day of the week as a day of rest, reflection, and devotion," ,is no adequate reason why the rest of the world should be corn- pelled by force of fine and imprisonment to adopt it as their day, and to do as the others do upon that day. The Creator of the heavens and the earth " has set apart " the seventh day of the week " as a day of rest, reflection, and devotion," and has never revoked that decree (see Ex. 20 : 8-i I ) ; and there are many thou-sands of Christian people who feel them-selves more in conscience bound to ob-serve his decree than to observe as a religious requirement what has been set apart by " the common consent " of the " Christian world." In fact, " the com-mon consent " of the " Christian world " can never be set forth by a true Chris-tian as a valid basis, or reason, for dis-obeying the great law of the almighty Ruler of the heavens and the earth. Neither can " the common consent " of the " Christian world " be adopted as an adequate basis for the enactment of civil law. The North Carolina Supreme Court in the case above cited speaks as follows upon this point : Š It is equally forbidden under our sev-erance of church and state for the civil power to enforce cessation of work upon the Lord's Day in maintenance of any religious views in regard to its proper observance. That must be left to the conscience of men, as they are severally influenced by their religious instruction. . . . Even if Christianity could be deemed the basis of our government, its own organic law must be found in the New Testament, and there we shall look in vain for any requirement to observe Sunday. . . . Sunday was adopted by Christians in lieu of Saturday long years after Christ. . . . As late as the year 409 two rescripts of the emperors Hono-rius and Theodosius indicate that Chris-tians then still generally observed the Sabbath (Saturday, not Sunday). Justice Robb makes reference to what Justice Field says in the ex-parte New-man case (9 Cal. 502) in supporting the idea of the justice of such legislation, and quotes the following from him : --- In its enactment' [the enactment of a 