+.ŁmŁaue. Fettering Our Free Press CLAUDE E. HOLMES A Practical Question AGAIN the people of the United States are confronted with the question, Shall freedom of the press and of speech be preserved, or shall this priceless boon be cravenly surrendered at the behest of its enemies ? This is not an academic, but a practical question. It demands a prompt and emphatic answer, if our lib-erties are to be preserved. Since the opening of the Sixty-fourth Congress, two bills have been introduced in the House of Representatives that vi- tally affect the freedom of the press. The first one, H. R. 491, introduced by Mr. Isaac Siegel of New York, is so revolutionary and drastic that there is little prospect of its being given any con-sideration by the committee to which it was referred. It is rightfully termed a " freak " bill. It reads as follows : Š Be it enacted by the Senate and.  House of Representatives of the United States of Amer-ica in Congress assembled, That whenever a complaint in writing shall be filed with the Postmaster-General that any publication mak-ing use of or being sent through the mails contains any article therein which tends to expose any race, creed, or religion to either hatred, contempt, ridicule, or obloquy, he shall forthwith cause an investigation to be made under his direction, and shall within twenty days after receipt of such complaint, if the facts contained therein are true, make an order forbidding the further use of the mails to any such publication; but nothing herein con-tained shall be deemed to prevent the Post-master-General from restoring such use of the mails to any such publication whenever it shall be established to his satisfaction that the pub-lication has ceased to print or publish such pro-hibited matter, and given him satisfactory as-surances in writing that there will be no further repetition of the same. The Fitzgerald Bill The second measure, proposed by Mr. John J. Fitzgerald of New York, is a more dangerous one. It is moderate in its tone, which tends to hide its real char-acter. It reads : Š Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of Amer-ica in Congress assembled, That whenever it shall be established to the satisfaction of the Postmaster-General that any person is engaged, or represents himself as engaged, in the busit ness of publishing any obscene or immoral books, pamphlets, pictures, prints, engravings, lithographs, photographs, or other publications, matter, or thing of an indecent, immoral, scur-rilous character, and if such person shall, in the opinion of the Postmaster-General, endeavor to use the post office for the promotion of such business, it is hereby declared that no letter, packet, parcel, newspaper, book, or other thing sent or sought to be sent through the post office by or on behalf of or to or on behalf of such person shall be deemed mailable matter, and the Postmaster-General shall make the neces-sary rules and regulations to exclude such nonmailable matter from the mails. Would Make the Postmaster-General Press Censor Mr. Fitzgerald's bill would place an unwarranted power in the hands of one official, who is appointed and not elected. At the discretion of the Postmaster-Gen-eral, any periodical could be practically suppressed if it was established to his " satisfaction " that it came under the provisions of this measure. A Postmas-ter-General, true to our American prin-ciples of liberty, would no doubt conserve the freedom of the press, even under Mr. Fitzgerald's bill ; but it is extremely dan-gerous to assume that this office will always be filled by a fair-minded, liberty- The truth is that such is the just estimation of the utility of the press that the founders of our Constitution would fain have exempted it from all control whatsoever; as, however, the great end of all government is to afford protection to persons, prop-erty, and reputation, even the press must yield to this object. It must yield to the superior right of obtaining redress through the Constitutional tribunal of a jury.--- Essays on "The Liberty of the Press," by Marcellus, 1804, p. 7. 52 