USCONSTITUTION CONGRESS SHALL MAKE NO LAW RESPECTING AN ESTABLISHMENT OF RELIGION OR PROHIBITING THE FREE EXERCISE :r1ERARTICLC.  g. TILE AMERICAN REPUBLIC 71,7r,oro" 20  LIBERTY In 449 the Angles and Saxons entered Britain, and never rested until " the arts and religion, the laws and language, which the Romans had so carefully planted in Britain, were extirpated," nor until " the practise and even the remembrance of Christianity were abolished." In 451-453 the Huns under Attila carried fire and slaughter, from the Danube to Chalons, and to Milan. In 453 the Ostrogoths took possession of the province of Pannonia, and the Lombards of Noricum. In 476 Odoacer and his barbarian follow-ers took possession of Italy and abolished the office of emperor of the West; and the Western empire of Rome Ñ the state, and even society Ñ had been swept away by ruin upon ruin. And that was the Christian empire of Rome. That was the empire that had ex-hausted the subject of Sunday laws and enforced Sunday observance. That was the state that had done all this on behalf of the kingdom of God, and for the preservation and even the salvation of the state. There is not a method of Sunday enforce-ment either mild or cruel that has not been in that " Christian " Roman empire. There is not a phase of Sunday laws that had not been employed by the clerical managers of affairs in that " Christian " Roman state. There is nothing on that subject left by those for the Sunday-law clergy of to-day to discover. And the Sunday-law clergy of to-day must hide their eyes not only from the principles, but also from the practical effects of Sunday legislation of every kind, before they can go on in their pernicious Sunday-law course. For pernicious that course is, even to the ruin of the greatest nation and state in the world. This has been thoroughly demon-strated to the last detail, and in the de-monstration it has been made plain that en-forced Sunday observance is the worst thing that can ever be put upon a nation or practised in society.Ñ Selected. A CLERK who will ignore God for his em-ployer will ignore his employer. THE des're for religious legislation is like the fabled camel that was given an inch and took the whole house. It asks but little at first, but once admitted ceases not until it dominates all. Some National Reform Teachings W. A. COLCORD " WE want state and religion ; and we are going to have it"Ñ Jonathan Edaards, D. D. In other words, they want a state religion. " Constitutional laws punish for false money, weights, and measure. So Congress must establish a standard of religion, or SAPPINGTHE FOUNDATIONS.- admit anything called religion."Ñ Prof . C. A. Blanchard. And this will mean an established relig-ion. " Our remedy for all these malefic influ-ences is to have the government simply set up the moral law, and recognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it." Ñ Rev. M. A. Gault. And this means religious persecution. They desire an amendment to the Consti-tution that will " place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our Gov-ernment on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land."ÑArt. 2 of their Constitution. That is, they desire the Christian religion made the " legal " religion of the nation. " Those who oppose this work now will 