LIBERTY 43 the primacy of religious dogma by force of arms would impress us to-day with a sense of humor, and we do not easily comprehend the mental attitude of the men of past ages who would have sup-pressed variety of religious doctrine by.  law." It would seem that the doctor is not acquainted with a strong movement in this country which is endeavoring to make religion a matter of human law, and bind the consciences of men again as they were bound in ages past. It is hardly a matter of humor, either. When the powerful organizations now banding together to bring that about have accomplished their purpose, the grim reality of the situation will dawn upon the people, and it will then be seen that the situation is far from a humor-ous one. Not of Force, but of Love F. M. WILCOX THERE is a compelling power in the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, but it is a power with love as the impelling mo-tive, rather than force or fear. God has made man a free moral agent. He has bestowed upon him the right of choice. Man may freely of his own accord ch6ose the path of life or the path of death. God will not force his will or compel him to a course of action contrary to his de-sires. To do this would be to make of man a mere machine, and of God an arbitrary dictator. But while God does not force the will, he uses every means that love suggests to persuade the will. The language of the gospel is not of command or demand. The apostle Paul voices its spirit when he says : " Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us : we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God." The apostle in his own experience had felt but one power moving him in Chris-tian service. He says, " For the love of Christ constraineth us." That love had been revealed to the apostle when he him- self was upon a mission of persecution. The glory of God shone around about him, and he heard a voice from heaven saying unto him, " Saul, Saul, why per-secutest thou me?" To his inquiry, " Who art thou, Lord? ".the answer was returned: " I am Jesus whom thou perse-cutest : it is hard for thee to kick against the pricks." What a response to the efforts of the apostle! How much of love and pathos and appeal was in the question which Heaven propounded to this persecuting zealot ! It did not answer like with like. Heaven's love broke the apostle's heart, and trembling and astonished, he in-quired, " Lord, what wilt thou have me to do?" This same revelation of divine love is the one power which will break the hearts of men to-day. This is the power which should clothe the professed church of Christ ; then will she have no need of legal enactments, or force of arms, or rack, or fagot, or inquisition ; but clothed in the panoply of heaven, she will go forth conquering and to conquer, a terror to unrighteousness, a strength and refuge for the sin-sick and sorrowing. " WHOSOEVER believeth "Š any and all who will Š may be saved on the simple condition of believing on Christ. Not a mere mental belief and assent to the fact of the resurrection, and his life and death and atonement, but a sincere heart belief. " With the heart man believeth unto righteousness."Š Rev. E. Guy Tal-bott. LUXURY, my lords, is to be taxed, but vice prohibited. Let the difficulty in the law be what it may, would you lay a tax upon a breach of the ten commandments? Government should not, for revenue, mortgage the morals and health of the people.Š Lord Chesterfield. THE truth itself forced on man other-wise than by its own inward power, be-comes falsehood.Š Neander. 