62 LIBERTY Washington were repealed by the act of 1871, that there is little or no probability that Judge Pugh's decision will be re-versed. As matters now stand, there is no gen-eral Sunday law in the District of Co-lumbia, and the only specific Sunday or-dinance in force on that day is the law which closes liquor saloons, which will be somewhat modified by the excise bill passed in the closing hours of the last Congress. In spite of this fact, unwilling  testimony was borne in a public hearing before the District Committee of the House of Representatives, Feb. 15, 1909, that Sunday is as well observed in the city of Washington as in any city in this country. What need, then, is there of a Sunday law ? We hope the day may be far distant when freedom of conscience shall be abridged in the District of Columbia by a law compelling the observance of any day of the week as a Sabbath. Legislative Discussion THE theory that because a thing is good it is proper to enforce it by law, seems to find acceptance in the minds of an increasing number who at heart de-sire the prosperity of the state. One striking evidence of this is the introduc-tion into legislatures, both State and na-tional, of bills designed to regulate the conduct of citizens, with special refer-ence to religious observances. An illustration of this desire to make people good by law is found in the bill introduced in the house of representa-tives in the State of Pennsylvania, Feb. 3, 1913, requiring the reading of the Bi-ble in the public schools, which runs as follows : Š AN ACT Regulating the reading of the Holy Bible in the public schools of this common-wealth. Whereas, The rules and regulations governing the reading of the Holy Bible in the public schools of this common-wealth are not uniform, and Š Whereas, It is in the interest of good moral training, of a life of honorable thought, and of good citizenship, that the public-school children should have les-sons of morality brought to their atten-tion during their school-days, therefore be it resolved,Š SECTION I.Š Be it enacted by the sen-ate and house of representatives of the commonwealth of Pennsylvania in gen- of a Religious Question eral assembly met, and it is hereby en-acted by the authority of the same, That at least ten verses from the Holy Bible shall be read or caused to be read with-out comment at the opening of each and every public school upon each and every school-day by the teacher in charge, Pro-vided that where any teacher has other teachers under and subject to direction, then the teacher exercising this authority shall read the Holy Bible or cause it to be read as herein directed. SEC. 2.Š That if any school-teacher whose duty it shall be to read the Holy Bible or cause it to be read as directed in this act shall fail or omit so to do, said school-teacher shall upon charges pre-ferred for such failure or omission and proof of the same before the governing board of the school district, be dis-charged. On February 26 this bill came up in the house for consideration, and the dis-cussion upon it, which was quite lengthy, showed a confusion of thought upon the question of religious legislation which is more common than it ought to be. In order to show the quality of the argu-ments, both pro and con, we quote from the legislative journal extracts from the remarks of various speakers: Š Mr. Stein: . . . In the first place, the bill calls for the reading of the Holy Bi-ble; and at the very first inception of the act, I say to you, Whose Bible shall be read? You gentlemen know that the Holy Bible ordinarily means the King 