The Thanksgiving Proclamation BY L. L. CAVINESS THE government of the United States is based on the principle of the entire separation of church and state, but the principle is not always carried out con-sistently. There is a class of persons among us who welcome any official ac-tion of this government which seems to countenance their contention for a union of church and state, or, as they prefer to call it, of religion and the state. But there are many religions in the world, and the question arises as to which one they wish to have united with the state. Let the Christian Statesman, the official organ of the National Reform Associa-tion, answer: Š " There should be in this fundamental law [the Constitution] some distinct acknowledg-ment of the authority of God, of Christ who is the Ruler of nations, and of his Word as the source of jurisprudence, so far as that Word concerns permanent civil affairs. This would be no union of church and state, but the recognition of the connection between Chris-tianity and the state." While it is perfectly proper for the Christian citizens of this republic to meet in their churches to thank God publicly for the blessings which they have re-ceived, and we are even admonished in the Scriptures to pray for those that bear rule over us, yet a national Thanksgiving proclamation seems to involve a degree of union of the state and religion. For this reason it is approved by the Christian Statesman in the following words : Š " The recent Thanksgiving proclamation of our President is a reverent and thoughtful statement of the reasons for our gratitude as a nation to God in the present hour of our na-tional life. Such proclamations are peculiarly appropriate because the nation as a moral be-ing has its own relation to God." Thomas Jefferson recognized the un-constitutionality of a national Thanksgiv-ing proclamation. In a letter to Rev. Mr. Millar, dated Jan. 23, 1808, he said : Š " I consider the government of the United States as interdicted by the Constitution from intermeddling with religious institutions, their doctrines, discipline, or exercises. This results not only from the provision that no law shall be made respecting the establishment or free exercise of religion, but from that, also, which reserves to the States the powers not dele-gated to the United States. Certainly no power to prescribe any religious exercise, or to as-sume authority in religious discipline, has been delegated to the general government. It must, then, rest with the States, as far as it can be in any human authority. But it is only pro-posed that I should recommend, not prescribe, a day of fasting and prayer. That is, that I should indirectly assume to the United States an authority over religious exercises, which the Constitution has directly precluded them from. It must be meant, too, that this recommenda-tion is to carry some authority, and to be sanc-tioned by some penalty on those who disregard it; not, indeed, of fine and imprisonment, but of some degree of proscription, perhaps in public opinion. And does the change in the nature of the penalty make the recommenda-tion less a law of conduct for those to whom it is directed? I do not believe it is for the interest of religion to invite the civil magis-trate to direct its exercises, its discipline, or its doctrines; nor of the religious societies, that the general government should be invested with the power of effecting any uniformity of time or matter among them. Fasting and prayer are religious exercises; the enjoining them, an act of discipline. Every religious so-ciety has a right to determine for itself the times for these exercises, and the objects proper for them, according to their own particular tenets; and this right can never be safer than in their own hands, where the Constitution has deposited it."Š" Works of Thomas Jefferson," Vol. V, pp. 236, 237. James Madison also considered the en-joining of fasts and festivals an unwar-ranted assumption on the part of the Chief Executive ; yet he endeavored to justify, or rather to excuse, himself in conforming to the example of pred-ecessors ( Jefferson excepted). He said in a letter to Edward Livingston, dated July to, 1822 : Š " I observe with particular pleasure the view you have taken of the immunity of religion from civil jurisdiction, in every case where it 85 