4444444***************.  O O O 4 O 4 OO O O * 4 O O O 4 4 4 4 *Ł.44444440 Ł Ł  Ł Ł  t  Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł 4+444.44> 4 4 4 The men of '76 are as superior to those of other ages as are their principles and institutions. They were men actuated not by ambi-tion, not by pride, not by passion, but by principle. Notwithstanding their many grievances, compared with the oppressed multitudes then in France they enjoyed a kind and lenient rule from the mother coun-try. The tax which roused them to resistance was a trifling matter; it was against the principle therein involved, that they took up arms.ŠRev. George Burrows, professor of languages in Lafayette College, in a discourse delivered in the First Pres-byicrian church of Poston, Pa., Nrn. 1S:3r. 128 LIBERTY things Š one day out o I the seven in which the soul will feed upon spiritual food and he strengthened for the conflict with evil. But that is an individual duty, an indi-vidual requirement. One person cannot do it for another. Each soul must ren-der his own account at the judgment bar of God. Each is responsible for the example he sets ; but his responsibility and his example are taken account of by the great j mtge. It is not for one man to torce another, con trary to his will, to perform his duty toward t h e Most High. If God does n o t compel him, certainly it is the highest folly f o r man to attempt it. It is an implication that God is unable to enforce his will, and must look to man for help in do-ing it. So while it is the duty of the indi-vidual to observe the Sabbath prop-erly, it is not the business of any person to force an-other thus to observe it. Says the in-spired writer : " Every one of us shall give account of himself to God." Rom. 14: 12. But every Sunday law ever passed by men has been an attempt to compel a portion of the people to ob-serve the day as another portion do or think they ought to. Every religious law passed by men has been an attempt on the part of some of the people to compel the rest of the people to believe as they do and act as their convictions fell them they ought to act. In such a case there is religious liberty for only a portion of the people, and all the people obey the convictions of a part of the people. The people of Baltimore, or ally other place, have the right to keep their salt-bath, and to keep it in harmony with their most conscientious convictions ; but when a portion of them have done that, they have done all that Heaven requires of them in that particular. God does not ask them to step in between him and some other soul and compel that soul to act as if he had their convictions, and disregard his own. One of the paradoxes or anomalies of the situation in Baltimore is that one of the councilmen who was most ac-tive in defeating the Hiller measure operates a garage, which he keeps open on Sunday for the repair of automobiles a n d the sale of gaso-line. This council-man, according to the Baltimore Star of May 27, " op-posed the legaliza-t i on of Sunday amateur baseball because it was a desecration of the Sabbath." Concern-ing this the Star pertinently remarks : Š The Sunday activities of Councilman I fildebrand indicate that he regards the sale of gasoline by himself and the proper grooming of automobiles distinctly wor-shipful and conducive to the solemn sanc-tity of the day, for, to this end he requires his employees to work on - the Sabbath. which is not to be profaned by the play-ing of amateur baseball. Councilman Kilmer, in opposing the baseball bill, said: Š \\Then  we attempt to amend the pres-ent law, we are amending. not man's law. but Cod's law, and when ( speaks. it is in a voice of thunder, and lie has spoken to some of us. 