611, 12 LIBERTY the evangelistic work of Christian mis-sionaries will be seen by the following recital of experiences passed through by a Christian colporteur, G. Perk, as re-lated at a convention held in Washington, D. C., on May 17. He had been assisting a minister of the gospel in conducting a series of meetings, such meetings as are held by evangelical Christians in all parts of this country without the least suggestion of interference by the civil authorities or protest from the people. But under a union of religion and the state, all the religious affairs of the peo-ple are considered the legitimate concerns of the civil authorities, and the govern-ment is not slow to " lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to " its ar-bitrary dictates in the matter. Mr. Perk had been acting as agent for the British and Foreign Bible Society, and in 1886 took up the work of an evangelistic col-porteur. He said : Š At that time I was receiving good wages from the Bible Society; but this message was of such importance to me that I was willing to sacrifice in order to bring others to a knowledge of Bible truths. In view of this, I agreed to meet Brother L. R. Conradi in Odessa. To-gether we traveled through the Crimea, visiting, among others, some who were expecting Brother Conradi, and were longing to hear more of the truth for our time. He held a number of public meet-ings, and I did what I could to invite the people to attend. For a number of weeks, officers of the Russian government had been search-ing over quite a large district in Crimea, in the hope of finding us. After we had held about nine meetings, we were ar-rested. Four persons Š one from the Brethren Church, a Baptist, a Lutheran, and a Roman Catholic Š who ordinarily were very unfriendly toward one another, agreed to bring an accusation against us before the authorities, and so they all went together in a wagon to the county-seat, Sempferopol, and told the officials where we were. They brought a police-man with them. He took our passes, and took notes, in which it was written that  we had made Jews out of Christians, and that we had rebaptized two persons. The next morning we were taken to Perekop with a team, and brought before the chief of police. He placed us in prison at once. As we entered, there was a man who was being smitten in the face. He was struck on the right side of his face, and then on the left; but without a word, he took off his shoe and spat the blood into it so as not to get it on the floor. That was the first scene we witnessed in that prison, and we thought perhaps all were treated like that. We had to change our clothes, and they were searched very carefully. They took our money. At our earnest request, they finally allowed us to keep on our waistcoat and pantaloons, but we had to take the Russian mantle, and put it over them. We stayed there forty days. The first night we could not sleep at all. The boards were too hard, and there were too many vermin. We had to use our boots as pillows. We had the same thing to eat every day,Š black bread and sour soup, made of scraps of bread that had become stale. At one time a butcher brought a number of sheep heads and intestines to the prison, because he wanted to do some-thing good for the prisoners. It was a great privilege for the prisoners to have a little flesh to eat. In ours there was nothing but the entrails. But to-day we can even rejoice over that experience. The time would not have seemed so tedious to us if it had not been said, " You are going to Siberia." Finally we could not eat the food any longer, and they allowed us to have something else ; but of course we had to pay well for it. We were thankful to the Lord that we were not sick during this time. The hardest punishment we had was to try to sleep on those hard boards ; we could not sleep more than five or ten minutes without changing our position. We finally received our liberty from the religious censor in Sempferopol, which had been given by order of the czar through the minister of the interior. I came very near getting into prison the second time while circulating our lit-erature in Odessa. I was only allowed 