LIBERTY 471 3 .)!iT  letter are certainly interesting if not con-vincing. They may be paraphrased thus: The religious liberty of the citizens of Georgia has been outraged by a dras-tic law compelling them to observe Sun-day under severe pains and penalties ; what reason therefore can possibly be given why the citizens of the District of Columbia should not be deprived of their religious liberty in the same way? Does not one bad law justify another? When the citizens of any portion of the country protest against a yoke of bond-age being placed upon them, is it not sufficient to reply that other citizens are already wearing the same yoke ? We would like to impress upon the minds of all men, especially legislators, some simple principles which appear to be too little understood. All Sunday leg-islation is religious legislation. It is im-possible to compel the observance of Sunday without infringing upon the re-ligious liberty of every citizen, even of those who desire to observe Sunday as a sabbath. The effort to secure laws ma-king labor on Sunday a crime, rests in the last analysis upon a regard for Sun-day as a religious institution, and is an attempt to compel all persons to recog-nize the supposedly religious character of the day. All legislation purporting to be in the interests of the working men which requires cessation of labor on the first day of the week under pains and penal-ties, is in effect legislation in behalf of a religious institution, and is an infringe-ment upon religious liberty. Apart from religious considerations, there is no rea-son for requiring men to cease from la-bor on Sunday more than on any other day of the week. If all congressmen would recognize these fundamental facts, they would never pass a bill requiring any one to treat Sunday as a sacred day, or to recognize it as a sabbath. They would  leave every man free to regulate his own conduct on Sunday so long as he committed no uncivil act.  ¥-.1111.-¥   Some Questions Answered A BILL was recently introduced into the legislature of one of the New England States amending the existing game laws by such a change as involved the recog-nition of Sunday as a religious institu-tion. A public hearing was granted on this bill, at which arguments were made both for and against the proposed legis-lation. During the progress of the hear-ing, one speaker who made a strong pro-test against the bill was asked a large number of questions by members of the committee. As a good proportion, of these questions deal with general prin-ciples, and represent to a considerable extent the inquiries which are often made on such an occasion, we have thought that the interests of religious liberty might be well served by answering these questions in the columns of this maga-zine. Question.Ñ Would you favor some other day? Answer.ÑWe are opposed to any leg-islation which makes a distinction be-tween the days of the week on religious grounds. While we believe that the sev-enth day is the Sabbath, and that there is no Biblical authority for observing any other day, yet the principle of the separa-tion of church and state, for which we stand, would just as clearly prohibit the state from enacting any legislation com-pelling the observance of the seventh day of the week as of the first day of the week. We are therefore not in favor of any legislation which would compel any one to observe any day of the week. We give our hearty support to such legisla-tion as requires all citizens to be civil on every day of the week, but this does not require a law which makes it a crime to 