LIBERTY 19 from his worldly concerns and to direct them to the duties of piety and religion," and that " there was nothing in the act to show that it was passed exclusively for promoting public decency, and not for regulating private con-duct. Labor may be private and not meet the public eye, and so not offend against public decency; but it is equally labor, and equally interferes with a man's religious duties." The cases cited from the New England States have no bearing. Their statutes pro-hibit all secular labor on the Sabbath, and_the notions there entertained are far more strict and intolerant than the sentiments that have heretofore prevailed in this State. Judge Manly concurred with Judge Pearson, and made the following signif- icant statements concerning the Statute of 29 Charles II, which was incorporated into the North Carolina statutes : Š An absolute and entire suspension of all secular employment, which would be implied in the prevention of these, and in a strict con-struction of our statute, has never been sup-posed to be compulsory in any part of our country, except, perhaps, at one time in New England, by force of their peculiar laws. In North Carolina it would be clearly contrary to the fundamental law to attempt an enforce-ment of that part of our statute which en-joins upon all persons a careful application of themselves, on the Lord's Day, to the duties of religion and piety. To enforce such an in-junction, it must first be settled by the State what specific duties are embraced in our ob-ligations to God, and all men be then called upon to conform to the State ritual. This is forbidden by our Bill of Rights (sec. 19), and would be violative of religious freedom, with-out which society could not be held together by the ties which at present bind it. So we are of opinion it is against the spirit of our legislation. . . . I am well convinced there is nothing more essential to the physical, social, and religious elevation of a people than the institution of a week day of rest. . . . But this is not the point. . . . The leading idea in the original framework of our goliernment, and in the subsequent leg-islative and executive action under it; has been to leave men as free as is consistent with safetyŠto interfere no more with social lib-erty, by law, than is needful to secure order and the rights of each and every one. Outside of this, it is left to the individual citizen to govern himself, guided by, the religious and moral teachings to which he is accustomed to resort; and hence the spirit of individual re-sponsibility, of independence and self-reliance, which is so remarkably characteristic of the American people, and which has given such  force and effect to our institutions. Of all the classes of human rights, those which be-long to conscience, in the worship of God, are held the most sacred. They cannot be touched without arousing public attention and censure, and it is the last subject on which the State would resort to legislation, not actually needed for political safety and repose. The English cases cited are in exposition of the 29 Charles II, chap. 7, and establish the conclusion that the statute was intended to act upon the private conduct of the subject. The force of this conclusion, in its bearing upon our case, is impaired by important dif-ferences between the statutes in the two cases, and by important differences in the constitu-tional power of the two governments, affect-ing the construction. The cases referred to are Bloxome vs. Williams, io E. Com. L., 6o; Fennell vs. Ridler, io Do., 261; Smith vs. Sparrow, 13 Do., 351; Williams vs. Paul, 19 Do., 192; Scarfe vs. Morgan, 4 Mees. and Welsby (Ex), 270. In England there is a Christian ritual es-tablished by law, with parliamentary provi-sions for inculcating it privately and publicly, and a consequent right in the government to decide matters of faith and matters pertaining to established rites. In our State there is nothing of the sort. . . . The State confesses its incompetency to judge in spiritual matters between men or between man and his Maker, and leaves all a perfect religious liberty to worship God as conscience dictates, or not to worship him at all, if they can so content themselves. Both peoples are equally Chris-tian, and governed in their affairs, national and personal, alike, by the principles of Chris-tian morality; but the one, through its gov-ernment, deems it proper to cooperate with the ministers of religion in fostering and enforc-ing; the other abjures all power to interfere, and leaves spiritual matters exclusively in the hands of the teachers of religion. Hence, the English cases are not regarded as entitled to the weight of authority here. Their judges are interpreting a different stat-ute, in many important particulars, from that which we are called upon to expound. Their constitution and parliamentary powers and usages are different, and in the light of such differences, the same minds would probably come to different conclusions. The defense is a novelty in North Carolina, and it has the singular demerit of being un-conscientious, and at the same time wearing a garb of Christian morality.Š Vol. LII, North Carolina Reports, pages 378-388.' Briefly stated, the case was one in which one man had entered into a contract on Sunday for the purchase of certain horses. Subsequently he sought to escape the obligations he had assumed, by pleading that the contract was void because made on Sunday. 