48 LIBERTY LIBERTY The Official Organ of the Religious Liberty Bureau Department of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists WASHINGTON, D. C., FOURTH QUARTER, 1908 Subscription Price - 25 cents per year To Foreign Countries 35 " " " Published Quarterly by REVIEW & HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. Takoma Park Station, Washington, D. C. Entered as second-class matter, May 1, 1906, at the post-office at Washington. D. C., under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. RELIGION ceases to be religion in pro-portion as it is forced. THIS magazine contains matter that is vital to the interests of Christian and non-Christian, of the government itself as well as of the individuals who compose it. He who values his own liberty in matters of belief can not be indifferent to the assault now being made upon the very guaranties of our liberties. WHEN Congress has passed one law of a religious character, it has opened the door for the settlement of all kinds of religious controversies by legislation and for the designation of all kinds of relig-ious duties in the same manner. From such a condition the first amendment to the Constitution of the United States is supposed to guard us. As a result of the recent election in Missouri, it is now probable that Gov-ernor Joseph B. Folk and Judge William H. Wallace will both retire to private life. Governor Folk failed to secure the nomination for the senatorship, and Judge Wallace failed to secure the nomi-nation for the governorship : and the Republican nominee for the governor- ship, Attorney - General Hadley, was elected. The repudiation of these two self-appointed reformers is one of the noteworthy incidents in the recent elec-tion. THERE is no such good soil anywhere to be found for the growth of the seeds of hypocrisy as that furnished by a state-enforced religion. He who counts him-self an acceptable servant of God because of his observance of religious regulations made and enforced by the state, hasŁnot learned the first principles of the king-dom of Christ. The gospel of that king-dom is not thus proclaimed, and no such organization was ever commissioned of heaven to give it. BEFORE another issue of this journal appears, Congress will doubtless have decided the question whether the na-tion shall commit itself to a union of church and state. The passage of the Johnston Sunday bill, or the refusal to pass that measure, will decide that ques-tion. In its consideration of that bill, Congress will be brought face to face with one of the most important questions ever considered by it. The passage of that bill will mean a complete transfor-mation of the working plan of our na-tional government. The nation that has stood so long for religious liberty will then have entered upon a course which will jeopardize that liberty most dearly prized,Š the liberty of belief, the free-dom of conscience,Š and religion will be made the plaything of political majori-ties, while the ecclesiastical politician will seek to run the government in the inter-ests of the church. Against such an unholy scramble for place and power on the part of the church, and against such an unwarranted interference on the part of the state in the religious concerns of men, this journal does and ever will protest. 