42 LIBERTY in that they did not bow down to the image that Nebuchadnezzar set up (Daniel 3), but they did not thereby sin. While man sought to punish them, God vindicated the criminality of both Daniel and his fellows as righteousness. Jesus the Christ was a criminal, and died ad-judged by a human tribunal, a malefactor, but he was not a sinner. The apostles were crimi-nals, and many of them died- because they were, but they were not therefore sinners. Their answers involve a mighty principle: " We ought to obey God rather than men; " " whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye." Let not the people permit theological partisanship to turn conscientious conviction into crime. Congress Again Asked to Close Thea-ters and Moving Picture Shows on Sunday (Continued from page 35) bor, whose conscience may have advanced light. The church has a right to discipline her own members, but she has no right to discipline nonchurch members, and those of divergent faiths, and under duress make them conform to a popular church ritual, nor to any part of it. It seems that the Pastors' Federation has resolved this question into a competitive and economic proposition. The preacher wants the people to come to his church on Sunday, be-cause the larger the congregation the larger the collection. The moving picture man wants the people to come to his moving picture show on Sunday, so that his receipts will be larger. But a resort to carnal methods is not the true remedy for the church to apply. If the preachers would plead with the great God of the universe and send their petitions to his throne for a new endowment of power, they would not need to ask that the picture shows be closed in order to fill their church pews. Let the ministers of Christ preach the old-fashioned gospel with the old-time conse-cration and power, and they will not need to call upon Cnsar for help. The church that has God on her side need fear no foe. An open field without favors should be the guiding principle of every church. Compulsory Sunday or Saturday rest and worship is fundamentally wrong, and when the church insists upon it, she creates a gulf between herself and the people, to the lasting injury of her cause, wider than that which separated Dives and Lazarus in the parable related in the sixteenth chapter of Luke. An appeal to any earthly power to further the work of the gospel is an evident confession of weakness. Inthe Good Old Days THINGS have progressed a long way since the passage of the blue laws in Connect- icut in 1750 which allowed the correction of youthful offenders by cutting off their ears," says Prof. Wm. B. Bailey, of Yale University, in his Report for the Children's Bureau of the United States Department of Labor. But in' the opinion, of the report, " enough changes from the old system have not yet been made." In New Haven, the largest city in Connecti-cut, 692 children were brought before the courts in 1914 and 1915. Of this number 672 were boys. The children's offenses varied from playing ball in the street, and bathing in public places, to trespass and theft. In most cases before the city courts of Connecticut, a child is arrested one day and tried the next. The report continues: " Prior to 1917 Connecticut had no special laws governing the trial of children. They were subjected to the same legal processes as adult offenders. In a large proportion of the so-called delinquents there is an accompani-ment of low mentality. Many children are brought into court again and again before it is finally determined as a result of an adequate mental examination that they are feeble-minded." The report also states that as late as 1914 the courts of Connecticut committed boys six years of age to prison for theft, and the police officers arrested children and confined them in prison awaiting trial, who were so young that they were unable to dress themselves without assistance in order to appear in court. They were not allowed to remain in their homes with their parents overnight while awaiting trial. This is rather severe treatment for a boy who has committed no greater offense than that of playing ball in the street. We admit it is in advance of the old blue law system of 1750, which allowed the magistrate to cut off the ears of the boys for minor offenses. But those were the days when they fined people ten shillings for nonattendance at church on Sun-day, and hung them up on poles for eating duck on Friday. It is high time that we awake to the fact that we are living in the twentieth century, and that the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution are now potent factors. It is not punishment that is needed for delinquent and feeble-minded children, but adequate institu-tional care and training. We should also re-quire a special qualification and adaptation of our civil officers, so that they may use good judgment and common sense in dealing with delinquents, and not treat them as hardened criminals while in their innocency. Give the boys a fair chance and a right start. The way they begin life is usually the way they will end it. 0. a. L. 