LIBERTY 5 A Curious Experiment in Legislation PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT has recently been emphasizing the just principle of the equal-ity of all men before the law; that men are entitled to equal opportunity and equal priv-ilege. It is one thing to maintain this rightful equality of men before the law, and quite another to attempt to make all men equal by law. This was the experiment a king of ancient Tibet tried in the latter part of the ninth century. Sir Thomas Holdich, in his " Tibet the Mysterious," tells the story of the king's failure :Š He enacted that all men should be equal; he compelled the rich to share their riches with the poor; he favored an absolutely equal distribution of all the comforts and conditions of life. This was, indeed, the attainment of a high ideal Š but it did not answer. In a very short time his people, by the natural force of personal idiosyn-crasy, returned to their former condition of inequality, and, after repeating the experi-ment three times, he gave it up. The wise men of Tibet said it was due to a survival of inequality in methods of existence dur-ing former lives. At any rate, the wise men of Tibet dis-covered that there were some things that could not be done by legislative enactment. A Dangerous Precedent LET the national Legislature once per-form an act which involves the decision of a religious controversy, and it will have passed its legitimate bounds. The precedent will have then been established, and the foundation laid, for that usurpation of the divine prerogative in this country which has been the desolating scourge of the fairest portions of the Old World.Š U. S. Senate Sunday Mail Report, 1829. These are true words. To teach to all men everywhere the principle of the com- plete separation of church and state con-tained in these words, is the mission of LIBERTY. It is because we believe the principle con-tained in the words quoted from this Senate report that we are opposed to all legisla- tion in reference to the observance of the Sabbath. Legislatures, both state and na- tional, are being besieged with those who pose as National Reformers, urging that laws be enacted compelling the observance of a day of rest. Against all such legisla-tion, upon this, or any other religious ques-tion, either in name or in fact, we shall forever enter an earnest Christian protest. We do this 'because we are Christians, and stand for the principles enunciated by Jesus himself when he said, " Render therefore unto Cmsar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." As Protestants we shall ever protest against the intrusion of the civil power into relig-ious questions. Says this Senate report, " Let the na-tional Legislature once perform an act which involves the decision of a religious controversy, and it will have passed its legitimate bounds," and will have laid the foundation for the , same " desolating scourge" in the New World that did its baneful work in the Old. This was said. too, in the adverse report given when Con-gress was petitioned to stop the carrying of the mail on Sunday. For the national Legis-lature to do this the Senate declared would be the deciding of a religious controversy, the performing of an act which would lay the foundation for the " desolating scourge " of the Old World to begin in the New. What was true concerning Sunday legisla-tion in 1829 is equally true to-day. There is a controversy regarding the Sab-bath, not only concerning the manner of its observance, but as to the proper day to keep as well. Some do not believe we should observe any day as a day of rest. It is their privilege to believe this, and they are in no sense answerable to man in the matter. The majority of Christian people, how-ever, believe the first day of the week, or Sunday, is the proper day of rest. They have the inalienable right to believe this. and to observe it as strictly as their own consciences may dictate. But their con- sciences are no guide for others. They have no manner of right to compel those who differ from them in belief and practise to keep this day. The disregard other peo-ple may have for the day which they keep does not prevent them from keeping the day. 