16 LIBERTY Day Alliance writes in the same strain : Š Dear Mr. Š: Information has come to this office that you are accustomed to follow your weekly employment on the Lord's day. This is contrary to the Lord's Day Act, section 5, which prohibits such work, and leaves you liable, under section 13, to a penalty on conviction of from $1 to $40, and costs. It is also stated that you have people playing ball in your garden on the Lord's day. This is a violation of C. S. U. C., cap. 104, section 3, and leaves those who engage in such playing liable to similar penalty Š sec-tion 7 of same act. If one enjoys the protection of the law of the land, he ought to be willing to keep the law. To permit such violations of the law to go unchecked, would be to encourage law-lessness. Will you by return mail ex-plain why you do such things on the Lord's day, and thus violate the law ? Will you let me know whether such vio-lation will henceforth cease permanently, or continue? If it ceases permanently, the matter will be dropped ; but if it con-tinues, the matter must be handed over to the attorney-general, that the law may take its course. Under another cover, by this mail, I send you copies of these laws, that you may be duly informed of the po-sition that you occupy. The mowing of hay referred to in the first letter was done on a farm that is located eleven miles from a railroad, and the playing of ball referred to in the third letter was done in the man's own garden, so it will be seen that what the accused did on Sunday was in no way showing disrespect to their neighbors. Neither was it done in defiance of law. It should be remembered that the recipients of these letters had sacredly observed the day before in harmony with the fourth commandment of the decalogue, which plainly enjoins the observance of the sev-enth day of the week, commonly called Saturday. Therefore the reader can plainly see from these letters what is be-fore every citizen of the Dominion of  Canada who does not refrain from his ordinary labor on Sunday. There is no more possibility of escaping persecution if one disregards the Sunday law of Canada than there was for the true Christian in the Dark Ages to escape persecution, who refused to bow in hum-ble submission to the Inquisitorial coun- cil. K. C. R. Proud of American Liberty CARDINAL VINCENZO VANNUTELLI, the papal legate to the Eucharistic Congress at Montreal, made a tour through Can-ada and the United States after the close of the congress. One feature of his jour-ney which seemed peculiar in this land of education and enlightenment was the kneeling of immense crowds of American citizens wherever he appeared in public, beseeching his blessing, as if he were a veritable God, and kissing his ring, the symbol of his authority. In Montreal, in Winnipeg, in Minneapolis, in St. Louis, in Washington City, in Philadelphia, and in Baltimore, this strange spectacle, this recrudescence of medievalism, was stri-kingly in evidence. The inappropriate-ness of such demonstrations in a free government ought to be apparent to every thoughtful American. He who kneels to another and kisses the symbol of that other's authority, by so doing declares his complete subjection to that individual in all that he represents. Cardinal Vannu-telli represents the Pope of Rome, and all the claims of the church at the head of which he stands. That church and its head stand for the complete control of the whole world in all things, spiritual and temporal. He who kneels before the papal legate and kisses his ring acquiesces in all the claims of the Papacy, whose he is and whom he is here to represent. Can American citizens, having declared alle-giance to the government of the United States, kneel before the representative of 