RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSURED IN NEW IA A RUSSIAN CHURCH By C S. LONGACRE AN Associated Press dispatch was received from Petrograd, April 4, which reads as follows : " The Russian provisional government to-day repealed all laws actually in force limit-ing  the rights of Russian citizens regarding creeds and religions."ŠThe Philadelphia Press, April 5, 1917. Terrible as this war has been in the loss of human life and the destruction of property, still God is causing the wrath of man to praise him, and is turn-ing the folly of men to the triumph of his own cause of truth and right. The time of divine enlightenment is at hand, and if kings and kingdoms stand in the way of the onward march of God's truth, he will remove and abase them so that the freedom of the gospel may be unlimited in its scope. The gospel as it is in Jesus is to go to all nations, and no power on earth is strong enough to limit it in its operations. The principles of truth, liberty, and justice are eternal, and in time they will prevail over every foe. The consumma-tion of God's great plan of redemption and restitution may be delayed, but ulti-mately righteousness will reign from sea to sea, and God's glory will fill the earth. 84  God's own arm will bring him the vic-tory over all his enemies. His kingdom will never be established by human de-visings and earthly councils, or ushered in " through the gateway of politics ; " but by his own act of divine intervention the Lord will overthrow the powers of darkness, and usher in the everlasting kingdom of righteousness, which has been promised to the faithful of all ages since the fall of man. God can do in one day more than the whole world can accomplish in a thou-sand years. He is breaking down bar-riers, that his word may run without let or hindrance, so that every creature may come under its saving influence. We are living in the day when divine prophecies are being literally fulfilled. The world is plunging toward an inevitable catas-trophe, and only God is able to bring salvation. The coming of the Lord Je-sus Christ is the only remedy. " He [God] shall send Jesus Christ, which be-fore was preached unto you: whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things, which God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began." 