30 LIBERTY with the robe of heaven's approval, could have issued such a decree, or could have made such a declaration as this which follows : Š Those are not to be accounted homi-cides, who, fired with zeal for mother church, may have killed excommunicated persons.Š Decreti, pars ii, causa qucest v, cap. xlvii. But when the church goes into politics, turning her back upon her Lord in order to do so, there is no length of cruelty and oppression to which she may not go.  The above citations should be a warn-ing to every church against the fearful blunder of becoming entangled in the things of this world. Politics is not the Christian's business. The great com-mission can not by any possible means be made to authorize the entrance of the church of Jesus Christ into the political affairs of this world. The admonition to the believers to " walk even as He walked " and to keep themselves " un-spotted from the world " positively for- bids any such enterprise. c. M. S. Religious Measures Before Congress THERE are at the present time three measures of religious character pending in the Sixty-second Congress, one of which is " A Bill for the Proper Observ-ance of Sunday as a Day of Rest in the District of Columbia" (S. 237). The second is entitled " A Bill for the Ob-servance of Sunday in Post-Offices." The third, introduced by Mr. Heflin, of Alabama, is : " A Bill Prohibiting Labor on Buildings, and So Forth, in the Dis-trict of Columbia, on the Sabbath Day." The intent of these three measures is to intermeddle directly with the religious practise of the people. The title of the Senate measure reveals its intent and purpose. The author of the bill, in re-porting the same to the Senate from the committee to which it had been referred, denied that the legislation was " an at-tempt to legislate the fourth command-ment into law." In the same report, the Senator made the following statements in justification of the bill under con-sideration : Š The seat of government of the United States is, with one exception, the only territory within its jurisdiction in Amer-ica where the fourth commandment has been repealed or is practically ig-nored, or where at least the universal  sentiment in favor of a legislative day of rest does not prevail. If we have no reverence for the ten commandments, no sense of obligation or duty to carry out the divine law, and no faith in the exist-ence of a Supreme Being, who guides the affairs of men and nations, still the universal experience of mankind teaches us that one day in seven for rest is a necessity. The most casual reader will observe in the language herein quoted that religious legislation is proposed by the bill. Al-though the author of the bill denies that it is an attempt to legislate the fourth commandment into law, yet, because the " fourth commandment has been re-pealed or is practically ignored," and be-cause there is " no reverence for the ten commandments, no sense of obligation or duty to carry out the divine law," therefore it must needs be that Con-gress come to the rescue, and remedy this situation. If the proposed legislation is not re-ligious, then upon what grounds can the " delivery of articles of foods, including meats, at any time before ten o'clock of the said day [ Sunday] from June first to October first," be considered as legiti-mate and proper, whereas to do the same 