PETER, IMPRISONED FOR PREACHING CONTRARY TO THE CIVIL LAW, IS RELEASED BY AN ANGEL OF GOD 134 LIBERTY The persecuting spirit has its origin morally in the disposition of man to domineer over his fellow creatures; intellectually, in the assumption that one's own opinions are infallibly correct.Š John Fiske. " You have heard witness after witness say he passed this man's chair shop on Sunday. They heard him hammer and work to such an extent that it attracted their attention to his labor, and he had the blinds over his windows. If he was not doing wrong on Sunday, the first day of the week, why did he put his blinds down over the windows to keep the peo-ple from seeing what he was doing? If he was doing no wrong, why not have the cur-tains up? These people saw him, with the drawing knife in his hand, peeping out. If this jury thinks he has not violated the law of the State of Tennessee, in this case of working on Sunday, then your Sunday law is a nullity." Attorney Collier's Speech " Gentlemen of the jury, the violation of this Sunday law on which this indictment is based must be clearly shown in order to sus-tain a conviction. It must be proved to you that there has been a violation of this law in such a manner as to become a nuisance to the public. You have to prove a nuisance. It is easy in prosecutions of this kind for preju- dice to persuade our minds unconsciously, and especially when people have got together and have decided to watch for the purpose of try-ing to secure a conviction. When you let fellows get together and they decide to watch you, you have very little chance. How it warps our judgment and blinds our vision ! "Here is an old man, a citizen of Sumner County, who all his life has maintained a blameless character. On one occasion he picked up a few apples on Sunday morning, and while he was doing it, picked up a scythe and knocked a few weeds out of his way. One time he gathered a few peaches on Sun-day. Who is there of you that on Sunday does not go out into his garden and gather vegetables and fruit? It is a com-mon, ordinary ex-perience of all of us. These things are mere trifles. None of the wit-nesses that passed by acknowledged that they were dis-turbed in any way whatever. \\ ho  is there who would not repair a screen door to keep out the flies in hot weather? " Peter Bright, the prosecutor, says he was disturbed. I want you to see the inconsistency of this man. He was, on the same Sunday, on his way going to work in Nashville in order to be on hand Monday morning. Only one witness says he was disturbed. He comes along on Sunday on his way up to his farm to superintend and see what was to be done on his farm, and he is very much agitated because he hears a little noise in the chair shop. " The old man, Mr. Robinson, explains it to you. The children go in there and crack nuts, and necessarily there is noise made there every day of the week; and simply because The fact that the Christian voluntarily keeps holy the first day of the week, does not authorize the legislature to make that observance compulsory. The legislature cannot compel the citizen to do that which the constitution leaves him free to do or omit, at his election.Š Chief Justice Terry, in declaring the Sunday law of Cali-fornia unconstitutional. 