2 LIBERTY in the case of communities where four fifths of the parents unite in asking for de-nominational instruction. In such cases this instruction may be given by the regular teachers of the schools. The Church of England and the Catholic Church oppose the bill on the ground that they have spent vast sums in the building and maintenance of their schools, and that to turn them over to the state, as a condition precedent to state aid, would be nothing short of spoliation. They insist that religion should be taught in the schools, and that the establishment of secular schools would be a step in the direc-tion of infidelity. Even the Jews, who have profited financially under the existing sys-tem, have joined with Catholics and An- poses that the party which bears the ex-pense of an enterprise shall have the privi-lege of directing its management. This is a fair proposition, the justice of which is recognized the world over. It is the right of every church to have its religion taught at its own expense. Spain.Š The status of religious liberty in Spain is shown by incidents attending the opening of an English Protestant chapel in Barcelona. Spain now permits the erec-tion of Protestant places of worship in her cities under various illiberal conditions, and on the strength of this claims to have ac-corded liberty of conscience. But when some English Protestants in Barcelona re-cently erected a small chapel for Sunday AMPHITHEATER IN BARCELONA, WHERE SUNDAY BULL-FIGHTS ARE HELD glicans in protest against the pending change. It is stated that " the Roman Catholic archbishop of Westminster was one of the first to lead the attack on the bill; " that " his denunciation of it was scathing, but it was exceeded in vehemence by that of the primate of the Church of England, the archbishop of Canterbury." There is really, of course, no confiscation of church-school property contemplated. Anglicans, Catholics, and all others are per-fectly free to retain their schools and teach in them what religion they please, only in that case the state does not propose to bear %P expense of the teaching. The state pro- services, they were commanded to remove the cross from its gable on pain of seeing the building closed. Other demands were made, but were waived after appeal had been made by the English consul resident to King Edward VII. But a few days before the dedication a Catholic paper, pub-lished in Barcelona under the imprimatur of the Catholic bishop, put forth a prayer that " fire may descend from heaven and destroy this cursed building and bury it in hell, from which it proceeded." Not long ago a movement for more rigid Sunday observance took shape in Spain, and laws were enacted to this end, under which an 