LIBERTY 7 Sunday Laws and Good Govern- ment ARE Sunday laws necessary to good gov-ernment? This is an important question. Advocates of Sunday legislation would have the people believe that such laws are of more importance than any others, that without them civilization could not go on, and that the opposer of them is therefore an enemy of good government, an anarchist. This is a claim that will bear investigation. To almost every question relating to the essentials of good government, history af-fords a plain and reliable answer. To his-tory we may go with this question of the utility of Sunday observance by law. What have Sunday laws done to promote good government? What have such laws done for the nations that have made and enforced them? What fruit has the tree of Sunday legislation borne in the past? For Sunday laws are not peculiar to our day. To find the beginning of such legislation we must go back more than a thousand years into the past. The first Sunday law known to history was enacted by the Roman emperor, Con-stantine, in the year 321 A. D. Constantine was at that time not even professedly a Christian, and Sunday was to him only " the venerable day of the sun." This first Sunday law was as follows :Š Constantine, Emperor Augustus, to Helpidius : On the venerable day of the sun, let the magistrates and people residing in cities rest, and let all workshops be closed. In the country, however, persons engaged in agriculture may freely and law-fully continue their pursuits ; because it often happens that another day is not so suitable for grain-sowing or for vine-plant-ing; lest by neglecting the proper moment for such operations, the bounty of heaven should be lost. This edict promulgated by a pagan ruler in the interests of pagan religion, was the parent of all subsequent Sunday statutes. The first step in Sunday legislation had been taken, and others were to follow. The matter did not stop with Constantine's edict. This was a mild measure, applying only to people in the cities. In course of  time, much more stringent legislation was deemed necessary, and was enacted. The next step was taken about half a century later, at the Council of Laodicea, A. D. 364, which enacted the following: Š Canon 29. Christians shall not Judaize and be idle on Saturday, but shall work on that day ; but the Lord's day they shall es-pecially honor, and as being Christians, shall if possible do no work on that day. If, however, they are found Judaizing, they shall be shut out from Christ. This was but a church edict, operating with compulsory force only upon those CONSTANTINE who feared the church anathema. But the civil power was not long in backing up the church decree. The historian Neander says: " By a law of the year 386, these older changes effected by the Emperor Constan-tine were more rigorously enforced, and in general, civil transactions of every kind on Sunday were strictly forbidden. Whoever transgressed was to be considered, in fact, as guilty of sacrilege." It soon became necessary, in the opinion of the church, to take a further step, since 