Statue of William Penn, City Hall, Philadelphia 16 LIBERTY represented in the caption of his bill a long list of prominent persons connected with the Lord's Day Alliance, and a number of other religious organizations, incorporated and unincorporated, as liti-gants in the case. This is an old trick frequently resorted to by Dr. Mutchler when he appears before the legislature in Harrisburg to intimidate the mem-bers with the threat of a boycott at the polls, but it had no influence with the court. Mr. Pepper in his legal brief refers to the Rev. Dr. Mutchler as t h e "principal instigator " in the case, and proceeds to set forth the facts as follows : "The individuals and corporations and unincorporated asso-ciations named in the caption of the bill have no formal rela-tion to the litigation except as its insti-gators. Such of them as may have been in-cluded by proper au-thority will be liable for the costs of the proceedings. But no evidence has so far been produced tend-ing to show that any corporations ever au-thorized anybody to place them in the list as instigators. A small group of people enter-taining eccentric views respecting Sunday ob- servance are resorting to the machinery of the law in an attempt to enforce upon the great mass of their fellow citizens their own views respecting the way the commissioners of Fair-mount Park should discharge their statutory duties. There is absolutely no warrant for their assumption that they represent anybody but themselves. Dr. Mutchler " Near Contempt " " Since the hearing in court, the principal instigator, Thomas T. Mutchler, is reported in the newspapers as having discussed in an un-seemly fashion and with a view to publication the issues which both parties had left with the court for decision. If the reverend gentleman is correctly quoted, he has come perilously near  to contempt of court. The Sunday interests of a Christian community cannot safely be in-trusted to a man who spends the rest of the week violating the proprieties. . . . Wants Law Tested " If the prohibition of 1794 still holds good in 1919, the methods of enforcing it provided in the act should be pursued. The two belong together. The more gentle and merciful pro-cedure of a court of equity is not in keeping either with the spirit of this act or with the temper of the instigators of this litigation. If the prescribed fine is not paid upon conviction, the guilty person can be committed to the House of Correction at hard labor, and on bread and water. The rigor of the prohibi-tion it matched by the grimness of the pen-alty. " Let them call upon the mayor or the pres-ident judge of this court to arrest some poor boys and girls or the officials and emi-nent citizens who con-stitute the park com-mission. Let the pros-ecutors convict them if they can, and in default of fine, lock them up at hard la-bor and on harder food. No doubt an arrangement could be made to permit the instigator to look through the bars at t h e prisoners. I n 1 7 9 4 n o orthodox enumeration could be made of the blessings of the saved which did not include a contemplation of the tortures of the damned. " The question is therefore narrowed down to this: Is what the commissioners have done such a menace to the morals of the community as to call for the intervention of a court of equity/ The sports and recreations in question are in themselves not only harmless, but posi-tively desirable from the point of view of pub-lic morals. This is not a case, therefore, of something which would be bad if done on any other day and merely worse if done on Sunday. It is admitted that sound public policy should encourage out-of-door games on Saturday after-noons. The only question is whether something confessedly wholesome on Saturday becomes an offense against morals if repeated on the en-suing day. " Whose morals are menaced under such cir- 