188 LIBERTY Our readers will be interested in trac-ing this history on Sunday legislation back to its original source. By so doing they will be convinced that Sunday laws are purely religious, and have always been so regarded by the courts, the state, and the church. In the American sys- tem of government the Lord's Day, or the Lord's Sabbath, has no more right upon our civil statute books than has the enforcement of the Lord's Supper, the Lord's Prayer, or the Lord's baptism. These belong to the Lord, not Caesar. The following famous Sunday trial in England will serve as a confirmation of the foregoing statements concerning Sun- day laws :  Phillips Versus Innes - The magistrates of Dundee . . . find that however desirable it may be that the resorting to shaving shops on the mornings of Sunday should be discon-tinued. if that could be effected without greater evil, yet it does not appear to be either necessary or expedient, for a due observance of the Sabbath, to forbid the existing usage so long as the shops con-tinue, as at present, open early in the morning, and closed before the time fixed for the commencement of divine service. . . . It appears very obvious that if workingmen, who are not themselves ac-customed to shave, were forbidden the aid of the barbers in their shops on the Sunday mornings, many decently dis-posed men would be prevented from fre-quenting places of worship. . . . The attempt to reduce the minor evil might lead to something more serious . . . and with this explanation, ordain the de-fender, the apprentice, to aid his master on the mornings of Sunday, when his master has occasion for his services in shaving his customers, the work not con-tinuing after ten o'clock in the morning, . . . closing before the time fixed for the commencement of divine service." This decision was afterward reversed by Lord Jeffrey, as Lord Ordinary, on March 14, 1835. Later, on May 19, 1835, the Lords of the second division of the Court of Sessions reversed Lord Jef-frey's decision, and confirmed the deci- sion of the magistrates of Dundee. Later still the case was appealed to the Lord Chancellor on Feb. 20, 1836, and he again reversed the decision of the three judges of the second division of the Court of Sessions, and reaffirmed Lord Jeffrey's decision that an apprentice could not be compelled to work on any part ot Sunday. The-Lord Chancellor, Dr. Lushington, held that the shops should be closed al-together on Sundays, and he based his decision upon the Westminster Confes-sion of Faith, which had been adopted by an act of Parliament as the national reli-gion. The Lord Chancellor's words are as follows: Š " If we look, above all, to the statute of 1690, c. 7, which sets forth the nature of those avocations which alone are proper for Sunday, can we conceive it for a moment to have been within the contemplation of those by whom it was framed and sanctioned (note, sec. 8, chap. 21, of the Westminster Confession of Faith, which was adopted and confirmed by that 'act) that shops should be opened during any part of that holy day for the exercise of any such trade ? The duties of necessity and mercy which are men-tioned in that act [Act of the Westmin-ster Confession of Faith] are of a very different class and description from the acts sought here to be enforced." The Lord Chancellor further said : " This is a case of great importance re-garding the observance of the Sabbath. . . . It becomes the duty of this House now to decide which of those opinions is right, and for that purpose it is neces-sary to refer to the acts of Parliament passed in Scotland for securing the ob-servance of the Sabbath. By the statute of 1579 A. D., c. 70, it was enacted, among other things, that ' no handy-laboring or working be used on the Sunday.' The same prohibition was enacted by the stat-ute of 1690, chap. 21, par. 7, which added to the private and public exercise of worship ' the duties of necessity or mercy.' These words were said to qual-ify the generality of the act of 1579. The English act on this subject, 29 Charles II, c. 7, contained the like pro-hibition of work on Sunday, ' works of necessity and charity only excepted.' "-7 English Reports, Reprint Clark and Finnelly, go. C. S. L. 