28 LI13P'R711  suppress. We therefore oppose Sunday legislation, not because it centers around Sunday, but because of the nature of the thing itself. As earnestly and determin-edly would we oppose it if it centered in the seventh day. We have no sympathy with the first class of opponents of the measure. Liquor drunk on one day will make a man as maudlin and ugly as if drunk on another. A low theater performance Š and the critics tell us that that is about thg character of all theaters Š has the same effect on the mind one day as on another. The only true polit-ical remedy is the total suppression all the time of all such evils upon which it is proper to legislate; the only true religious remedy is the power in Jesus Christ and his word and spirit. When Christians leave that word, turn from that promise of power, for political aid, they forsake the fountain of living waters for the broken cisterns of men; they forsake the Rock of Ages to lean upon the broken reed of Egypt, which pierces those who trust it. We decidedly object to being allied with saloon forces or theater-goers. Our ground of opposition to Sunday legislation is on an entirely different basis, and this basis is the very genius and spirit of Christianity itself. God left every conscience free to choose or to reject any and every religion, and any and every religious institution, and it does not lie properly within the purview of the state to meddle with any of them. If the minds of the people generally were enlightened in regard to the true principles which underlie Sunday legislation and the history of the thing through past ages, there would be no ques-tion as to their position upon it; and if Sunday-keepers knew the power and gos-pel of Jesus Christ, they would never de-mand it.Š The Signs of the Times, Nov. 13, 1907. THE Christian Statesman argues that " nations have souls " as truly as individ-uals. Will it tell us whether these " na-tional " souls are mortal or immortal, and if any " national souls " are to be saved in the future everlasting kingdom of God? We have read in the Bible of "the nations of them which are saved," but we have not yet found the text which speaks of " saved nations." Proposed Sunday Laws C. M. SNOW THERE have been introduced during the first few days of the present Congress (the sixtieth) five bills whose passage or rejec-tion may determine the attitude of this gov-ernment upon the vital question of religious liberty. H. R. Bill No. 4897 provides that " it shall not be lawful for any person to keep open any place of business or maintain a stand for the sale of any article or articles of profit during Sunday, excepting venders of books and newspapers, and apothecaries for the dispensing of medicines, and under-takers for the purpose of providing for the dead, or others for the purpose of charity or necessity; nor shall any public playing of football or baseball or any other kind of playing, sports, pastimes, or diver-sions disturbing the peace and quiet of the day, be practised by any person or persons within the District of Columbia on Sunday; nor shall any building operations or work upon railroad construction be lawful upon said day." This bill violates the fundamental prin-ciples of our government in two important particulars: Š First, its passage would be a practical union of church and state,Š a religious re-quirement enforced by civil law,Š and sec-ond, it aims to deprive citizens of this country of natural and inherent rights with-out due process of law. That these conten-tions are not based upon theory will be seen by a study of the bill. It is a bill to " protect " a day Š a relig-ious institution Š even to the extent of penalizing honest and honorable occupation performed upon that day. This sets the institution above the man, and makes his rights subservient to its perpetuation. That this is done because of the religious nature of the institution is shown in the fact that around no civil holiday is such a protection thrown. Not even upon the fourth of July has the government essayed to make honest toil a criminal offense. The attempt to force compliance with the ordinances of the church by civil law is an attempt to resuscitate the intolerable conditions of early colonial days, which so far as the national government was concerned, were repudiated in the first amendment to the Constitution of the United States. 