L1B&RTY 19 complete union of church and state is formed." If this is correct reasoning, then the fol-lowing must also be correct: The fact that the adherents of those churches which ob-serve Sunday as the Sabbath are seeking to gain the balance of power in politics in ait the States, and thus in the nation, and so enable the leaders of these churches to control the political affairs of these States and of the nation to any extent they may desire, especially in the manner of enfor-cing Sunday observance by law, is proof that they are seeking to form in this coun-try a complete union of church and state. And this is the fact. If the Mormon Church is guilty in the matter, so also are the other churches. Christian Liberty G. B. THOMPSON THERE is a very clear distinction between civil and religious liberty. True religious liberty is far more than freedom of the body; it includes the soul as well. It gives a man hope, not only for this world, but also for the world to come. A man may have Christian liberty and at the same time be deprived, in a measure at least, of his civil liberty. Jer-emiah, because of his terrible warnings against Jerusalem, was cast into a dungeon, and sank in the mire; but he still had com-munion with his Maker. His soul was free. He had far more real liberty than King Zedekiah, who permitted him to be thus treated. Daniel, who was cast into the lions' den for praying, had Christian lib-erty even there. He had greater joy and freedom than those who plotted his destruc tion. Paul and Silas in the Philippian jail, their backs lacerated from the effects of the terrible scourging which they had received, and sitting with their feet fastened in the stocks, had Christian liberty. While the sable garment of night was about them, they sang songs of praise and thanksgiving. They had a freedom of soul no monarch of earth could take away. Their liberty was greater even than that of their jailer, until with trembling he fell before them, and said, " What shall I do to be saved." Then he, too, knew, doubtless for the first time in his life, the meaning of Christian liberty. John, on the lonely, barren isle of Pat-mns. bending beneath the weight of well- nigh a hundred years, separated from everything on earth that he held dear, and written down in the records of Roman jurisprudence as a criminal, had such Christian liberty from the One on whose bosom he had, in years gone by, reclined, as but few to-day enjoy. Bunyan in Bed-ford jail had Christian liberty; for proof read " Pilgrim's Progress." Roger Wil-liams was banished from Massachusetts for teaching the principles of genuine liberty; but, while wandering in his old age, exposed to inclement weather, without a guide, with no home but a hollow tree, and cared for by the Red Men of the forest, who had become the conservators of religious free-dom, had, beyond question, greater liberty than those who sent him into exile. It is comparatively easy to profess belief in Christian liberty, and yet carry in some recess of a deceitful heart the malignant roots of oppression. Our forefathers fled from the tyranny of the Old World, and yet established in their midst a union of church and state, which threatened to ex-tinguish, permanently, the torch of liberty in the New World. They failed to mani-fest in their own lives true Christian lib-erty, and though carrying, as it were, the scars of the shackles of the religious des-potism from which they had fled, they sought to rivet like ignominious chains of slavery upon others. Their example should be a warning to each of us. Christian liberty grants to others the right to worship God according to the dic-tates of their own conscience. It goes even farther than this. It knows no force, no coercion. It extends to every man, not only the right to worship the true God, but to worship any other god he may choose, or to worship no god whatsoever. The right of man not to worship is recognized as fully as the right to worship. So far as civil law is concerned, my neighbor has just as much right to worship a false god, or no god at all, as I have to worship the true God, and if I have real Christian liberty in my own heart, I will freely grant him this right, and will be as zealous to maintain his rights as I am to maintain my own. The Lord leaves man free, but holds him responsible for the choice he may make. God, who is the very author and embodi-ment of Christian liberty compels none to obey him. He has omnipotent power, and could make his subjects do right. He could, 