A Case Where Doctors of Divinity Disagree ACCORDING to the Philadelphia Public Ledger of Sept. 30, 1919, the report presented by the Sab-bath Committee " plunged the Ministe-rial Union of Philadelphia into a tu-mult " at a recent quarterly meeting of that body. "The Sabbath Committee, of which Rev. Dr. James M. S. Isenberg is chair-man, brought in a report making a strong plea for the abolition of Sunday games in Fairmount Park, and censur-ing the newspapers for upholding the Park Commission," " criticizing Pres. Judge J. Willis Martin, of the Court of Common Pleas No. 5, and George Whar-ton Pepper, counsel for the Fairmount Park Commission." " The Rev. Dr. Frank P. Parkin, sec-retary of the American Bible Society, led the fight to eliminate those personal references from the report, and in the course of his argument startled those who favored a strict enforcement of the Sunday laws by declaring that he favored the Sunday games in Fairmount Park." Some " ministers said they were shocked. Some sided with Dr. Parkins." After a " debate that continued nearly two hours, the report was adopted, in-cluding the ' personalities,' by a close vote." Dr. Parkin said he protested the ac-tion of the Ministerial Union criticizing the court officials and the attorney : " The statements made there are an injustice, not in accordance with the facts, and are unworthy of any ministerial body." Mr. Pepper believes, and so does the court, that " the action taken by the Park Commission is for the best in-terests of the Christian church. I take the same position that he does." " I know he cannot be classed among Sab-bath breakers," as the report accuses. The Rev. Dr. J. Henry Harms, pastor 18 of the Lutheran Church of the Holy Communion, also protested against the action of the Ministerial Association, after some of the " ministers tried to stifle discussions of the resolution." Dr. Harms said : " It isn't much wonder that some people lack confidence in us when they see us trying to apply the gag rule to discussions like these. This report contains things that we, as a body of ministers, do not want to say. I agree with Dr. Parkin that it is going too far to call Mr. Pepper a Sabbath breaker. Nor will we gain anything by throwing mud at the newspapers. Moreover, you are casting an insinuation upon Pres. Judge J. Willis Martin that is distinctly unfair." The Rev. Dr. Edward B. Pollard, of Crozer Theological Seminary (Baptist), denounced the resolution as a " tactical blunder." It " is causing a division among ourselves, and weakening our cause." The Rev. Matthew J. Hyndman also vigorously opposed the resolution. The Rev. Theodore Heysham, a Bap-tist clergyman, said that " John Calvin rolled his ten pins on Sunday after-noon," and added : " I do not think this body wishes to indorse the blue law of 1794. I think I stand in pretty good company if I stand with John Calvin." The Rev. Dr. Rufus C. Zartman, pas-tor of Heidelberg Reformed Church, said : " My parents told me there were six days in which to whistle, and when a boy I was not al-lowed to whistle on Sunday." The report as adopted read in part: " Your committee recognizes the immense im-portance of the proper observance of the Lord's day, first, to the churches as religious institu-tions; second, to the commonwealth as a civil institution" Further: " Your committee desires to register its em-phatic disapproval of the biased, unfair, and unjust manner in which some of the daily pa- 