6/5  LIBERTY 33 7. To enact these laws must bring per-secution. It matters not what day is de-clared the Sabbath, there will always be some conscientious souls who believe in devoting another day to the worship of God. Now, if Congress should make a law compelling the observance of a day for the Sabbath which some of its cit-izens do not believe is the Sabbath at all, and in which they have no faith what-ever, these persons will be compelled to  are asking Congress to bring upon those not in accord with such legislation fines, imprisonment, and persecution. Many other reasons can be offered why it is not right for Christians to insist that Congress make any law respecting any religion or enforcing any religious dogma upon men. It is right, however, for every Christian in the world to preach the gospel, to plead with sinners to repent and turn to God, and do ali INTERIOR VIEW, CHRISTIAN live either openly or in part in violation of the statute law or to violate their own conscience. In case of disobedience, the state must resort to punishment to up-hold its authority. As soon as the state punishes one conscientious soul who keeps another Sabbath day or does not believe in Sabbath-keeping at all, for disobeying its Sabbath law, persecution begins, and it will continue as long as the law remains in force and men dis-agree concerning what God requires in Sabbath-keeping. There are many con-scientious Christians who will never be-lieve it is right for them to keep another day than that which God's written Word designates the Sabbath. Therefore, to ask Congress to enact a Sabbath law means that those who make the demands ENDEAVOR CONVENTION HALL that they can to advance God's cause in the world. It is right for us to send our missionaries to heathen lands and to do all that we can to exalt the name of Christ. Whatever is contrary to the Word of God is not truth. Man's duty to God can not be enforced by statute law. Christianity enforced by statute law is not Christianity. Free will, free choice, and free grace are integral parts of pure Christianity, and man's duty to God and man's way of meeting this duty is be-tween man and God, and not between man and man. Therefore, professed Christian people ought to be the very last of all mankind to desire, much less to petition, anv law-making body to enact a Sabbath law. 