LIBERTY 21 to work on the first six days of the week, which include Sunday, and to rest on the seventh day, the Sabbath of Jehovah. There is no record that God ever trans-ferred to the first day of the week the obligation which he imposed upon man to rest on the seventh day. Right here is where the National Re-formers find themselves stranded and without a compass. They cannot appeal to a divine law for Sunday observance. There is no divine law to protect Sunday as a holy day or even a rest day. The divine law commands that work shall be done upon the first six days of the week. Consequently when human laws fail to protect Sunday as a holy day, it is ab-solutely left without any support what-ever. But such is not the case with the seventh day, the Sabbath of the fourth commandment. As long as God lives and his law endures and people fear him, the Bible Sabbath will live and men will be under obligation to keep it holy. The Sabbath of Jehovah can never perish, be-cause his " word endures forever." Religion in the Public Schools R. C. Wylie, LL. D., of Pittsburgh, a lifelong National Reformer, strongly ad-vocated the teaching of religion in the public schools. He declared that Judge Brewer's obiter dictum statement that this country is " a Christian nation," " justWed the teaching of the Christian religion in the public schools." Since Justice Brewer declared this a Christian nation, " can anybody rightfully object to Bible morality in the public schools " ? He continued : " The nation owes some things to God. It is subject to the law of God. In the United States the first day of the week is set apart in memory of the resurrec-tion of Christ. Has anybody a right to object to setting the first day of the week apart in the memory of the resurrection of Christ I Christ is the king of all the nations, therefore the nations ought to honor him by proper legislation to pro-tect the day set apart in his honor." This is the kind of religion Dr. Wylie thought ought to be taught in the public  schools, yet he stated that he did not favor " the tea6hing of sectarianism " in the public schools. But Sunday observ-ance is distinctly sectarian. Dr. Wylie further stated that God or-dained governments and gave them a right to lay hands on evil-doers; and therefore the State has a right to pro-tect itself by teaching the principles of the Christian religion and morality in the public schools. Textbooks should be prepared, he urged, containing Justice Brewer's decision, matters relating to religion and morality, all backed up with passages and texts from the Bible. In concluding, he presented a proposed Amendment to the Constitution, which he styled, " The Nineteenth Amend-ment," providing for the " proper ac-knowledgment of God as the source of all power, of Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations, and of his Word as supreme in the fundamental law of the land." Dr. Philander P. Claxton, United States Commissioner of Education, fol-lowed Dr. Wylie on the program, and took direct issue with him on the matter of teaching religion in the public schools. Dr. Claxton's subject was " The Moral Element in Public Education." In part he said : " The object of our public schools is to make good citizens for the state. I have no patience with those who denounce the public schools as godless because they do not specifically impart religious instruction. They are not godlefts. They are not irreligious. The instruction ha-parted the  rted  advancement   inthepublic of  sehoo  isthe  i schools greatest  the  United force morality  States. " In this country we have, and I most ear-nestly hope we shall continue to have, separa-tion of church and state. It is not the prerog-ative of the public schools to impart religious teachings under our system of government. I take it for granted that no one here would want what some other countries of past ages have' had. Yet we were told here today that Germany taught religion in her public schools, and that we ought not to fall behind Germany. It is very true that Germany has always taught religion in its state schools, and what has re-sulted in Germany despite that fact, ŠIt de-veloped kaiserism and military despotism. " We do not teach religion in our public schools because it is at variance with the fun-damental principles of our government Š the 