LIBERTY 27 The Great Seal ON the reverse side of the great seal of the United States was placed this in-scription, "Novus Ordo Seclorum," meaning, " A New Order of Things." That " new order of things," George Bancroft, the historian, tells us, " is that the Constitution establishes nothing that interferes with equality or individuality. . . . It leaves the individual alongside the individual, . . . vindicating the right of individuality even in religion; and in re-ligion above all, the new nation dared to set the example of accepting in its re-lations to God the principle first divinely ordained in Judea. It left the manage-ment of temporal things to the temporal power ; but the American Constitution, in harmony with the people of the sev-eral States, withheld from the federal government the power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul; and not from indifference, but that the Infinite Spirit of eternal truth might move in its free-dom and purity and power." To exalt institutions above men is to turn from the new order of things to the Dark Ages. M. C. WiLcox. -  To Fight for Peace AN article in the September number of the North American Review, by Mr. Hamilton Holt, on " The United States Peace Commission," indicates the pur-pose of the world federationists to have peace through the instrumentality of war, even as the church federationists intend to have uniformity in religion through force and compulsion. The bill, which by an act of Congress became law in June, 1910, provided for the appointment of a commission of five members to draft ar-ticles of international federation with these three problems to consider : (I) The limitations of armament by interna- tional agreement. (2) The possibility of combining the navies of the world for peace. (3) Any other methods to bring about peace. These problems are dis-cussed each in turn by Mr. Holt, who concludes : Š It will probably be found that any league of peace likely to be established at the present time will have to be based on these three propositions : Š I. Each nation in the league to respect the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the others. 2. The armies and navies of the mem-bers of the league to be at its service to enforce the decrees of the International Tribunal in all questions that the mem-bers of the league previously agree to refer to arbitration. 3. The armies and navies of the league to sustain any member of the league in a dispute with any outside nation which refuses to arbitrate. c. Al. S. How Exemption Clauses Work JUST as we go to press we learn that an observer of the seventh day, residing at Colonial Beach, Va., has been ar-rested, convicted, and fined for perform-ing ordinary, quiet labor on Sunday. The complaint was made by the super-intendent of a Sunday-school who had himself, during all the summer, peddled coal-oil, gasoline, crabs, and oysters on Sunday. The magistrate warned the de-fendant that the fine would be repeated every time he worked on Sunday. And this in spite of the fact that the Virginia Sunday law specifically exempts seventh-day observers from prosecution for Sun-day work. Such prosecutions indicate clearly the unchristian spirit that dwells in all such complaints, as well as the un-christian business that is promoted, and designed by the enemy of souls to be pro-moted, in the passage of every species of religious legislation. A further report of this case will appear in our next issue. 