12 LIBERTY and not only change the entire scheme of housekeeping, but even pitch the original parties out the back door. After declaring that " the Jews number less than 2,000,000 as against nearly 33,000,-000 Christian church-members in America," the article concludes as follows: Š If they have a right to dictate as to whom we shall recognize in our national worship, why may not the infidels, agnostics, athe-ists, and freethinkers unite to demand that the recognition of God be disallowed, not only on our coins, but in Thanksgiving proclamations, courts of law, and all civic and national celebrations and institutions? Shall we not as a nation of Christians, unworthy of the title though we be, declare ourselves once for all a Christian people, founded and developed to our present pros-perity by those who were followers of Christ, and looked upon him as the reve-lation of God to man and the one Saviour of the world ? While we welcome foreigners to our shores to enjoy the benefits of our Chris-tian liberty and enlightenment we are not ready at their demand to change the whole character of our nationality, and make its spirit either Hebrew or heathenish. The time has come for the people of America to speak out with a voice that shall be heard round the world, that it may be known whether or not the United States of America is to be confessedly Christian, Jewish, or infidel in its national life. We have quoted these paragraphs be-cause they express in a plausible way a sentiment which seems to prevail in the minds of many who really desire the pros-perity of the nation and the advancement of religion, but who fail to comprehend the Christian idea of civil government. The distorted view of this principle leads to the expression of other doctrines which are contrary to the true American spirit, and to an exhortation which is misleading in its nature. We regard it as an utter misconception of the true situation to call some American citizens " guests " and others " hosts." We hold that when a man of any nationality. whatsoever is granted the papers which constitute him a citizen of the United States, he is entitled to enjoy all the rights of any other citizen, and that he can not thereafter rightfully be regarded either as a foreigner or as a guest. If he is not worthy to become a citizen of this country, and to receive all the benefits accruing from such a relationship, then citizenship should not be conferred; but it is acting under false pretenses to bestow upon one the name, while withholding any of the rights. In a democratic state no special privileges can be demanded or bestowed on the ground of blue blood or place of birth, and the con-victions of one citizen are entitled to the same consideration as those of any other citizen. To demand this is not to pitch any-body " out the back door," but to make all comfortable under the same roof. The closing paragraphs quoted are based upon several misapprehensions of right principles. They imply that the majority has the right to dictate in religion, although the Review would quite likely be unwilling to advocate this principle for heathen coun-tries. They discourse of " our national worship," from which many good citizens are necessarily excluded because they can not pass the religious test; they mention " the benefits of our Christian liberty," which appears, however, to be the liberty to practise the religion of the majority; and they imply that this nation must of necessity be either " Christian, Jewish, or infidel," although a government can of right be neither, but should protect all citizens in the profession of any faith or of no faith, so long as they do not interfere with the equal rights of other citizens. All these unhappy views, which are in themselves a misrepresentation of Chris-tianity, are the logical results of that medi-eval idea, which dies so hard, that religion is an affair of the government, and that the failure of the nation to profess the religion which we profess will be likely to invite the wrath of our God upon the country. When the truth is once apprehended that the same divine authority which ordained both religion and civil government ordained that their spheres should be entirely sep-arate the one from the other, the world will he spared the melancholy spectacle of pro-fessed Christians persecuting so-called her-etics in order to uphold the Christian faith. 