28 LIBERTY " Ans.Š To enable the faithful to keep the commandments of God, practise the maxims of the gospel, and thus to estab-lish in their souls the reign of charity. " Ques. 17.ŠWhat difference is there between the commandments of God and those of the church? " Ans.Š Although the commandments of the church have in a measure for their object to determine the time and manner of keeping the commandments of God, they differ from the latter in three re-spects : Š " I. They are positive and not immu-table; whereas the commandments of God, if we except that which relates to the Sabbath, are natural and immutable. "2. They are imposed on members of the church ; whereas the commandments of God are binding on all men. " 3. They are not binding when a grave difficulty stands in the way of observing them ; whereas the commandments of God admit of no dispensation!' (Italics ours. ) Rome the World's Greatest and Most Deliberate Lawbreaker The foregoing exception taken by Rome to God's Sabbatit law is but one of many proofs showing that the Papacy is built not upon a law-abiding, but upon a law-breaking foundation. Rejecting the authority of the Bible as the Chris-tian's only rule of faith and practise, that church claims the right to alter or set aside God's law. Witness the following pronouncement of Cardinal Gibbons him-self, on pages III, 112, of his widely circulated book, " The Faith of Our Fathers : "Š " Now the Scriptures alone do not con-tain all the truths which a Christian is bound to believe, nor do they explicitly enjoin all the duties which he is obliged to practise. Not to mention other exam-ples, is not every Christian obliged to sanctify Sunday, and to abstain on that day from unnecessary servile work? Is not the observance of this law among the most prominent of our sacred duties? But you may read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation, and you will not find a  single line authorizing the sanctification of Sunday. The Scriptures enforce the religious observance of Saturday, a day which we never sanctify." (Italics ours.) This same thrust at God's Sabbath ap-pears in numerous other Catholic works. For example, the following questions and answers appear in a recent catechism: Š " Question.Š What is the third com-mandment ? " Answer.Š Remember thou keep holy the Sabbath day. " Ques.Š What day was the Sabbath " Ans.Š The seventh day, our Satur-day. " Ques.Š Do you keep the Sabbath ? " Ans.Š No ; we keep the Lord's day. " Ques.ŠWhich is that? " Ans.Š The first day ; Sunday. " Ques.Š Who changed it? " Ans.Š The Catholic Church. " Ques.Š Why? " Ans.ŠBecause our Lord rose from the dead on a Sunday, and the Holy Ghost came down on a Sunday."Š"A New Catechism of Christian Doctrine and Practise," by the Rt. Rev. James Bellford, D. D. (Ave Maria Press, Notre Dame, Ind., woo), pages 86, 87. Sunday Labor Permitted and Forbidden by the Papacy The entire law of the Catholic Church regarding Sunday labor is too lengthy to quote in full. The exceptions she makes to her own law are many. From pages 258 to 264 of the " Manual of Christian Doctrine," previously mentioned, we find that the following works are permitted on Sunday : Reading, writing, teaching, music, drawing, painting, common works (such as traveling, hunting, fishing), ser-vile works of family necessity (such as cooking, sweeping, care of domestic ani-mals) ; also the buying and selling of houses, horses, etc., " provided that these transactions take place between private individuals." Also the " buying and sell-ing of victuals," etc., in public stores, " providing the shopkeepers keep their places closed in order to distinguish Sun-day from the other days of the week." 