Temperance Why We Believe in Prohibition' WHY prohibit the liquor traffic? or, why do we favor prohibition? Š Because the sa-loon as it exists in this country is totally un-American. Intoxicating liquor was un-known to the aborigines. Columbus did not find it here when he landed; the " May-flower " did not " sight " it. No, it was not MISS MARGARET J. BILZ, NATIONAL LECTURER OF THE MEDICAL DEPARTMENT OF THE WOMAN'S CHRISTIAN TEMPERANCE UNION even growing, as the tobacco; and the In-dians to-day stand aghast at us, and say, " No Indian so debases himself as to be a saloon-keeper." The saloon, as we have it to-day, is a part of our institutions, legalized and made just as lawful as our church, or our school-house, or our homes. It is an immense organized system, manipulated by the brewers' association and the whisky trust. It has its conventions, its officers, its rules, its regulations ; it is without doubt the most important factor in American politics. 1  Abstract of remarks of Miss Margaret J. Bilz, at a mass-meeting held in Washington, D. C., March II, 1908. The saloon is the avenue by which this immense organization reaches the people. Its equipment is all with the idea of en-snaring the individual to get his money,Šgiving in return not even one harmless commodity. It robs humanity of its birth-right, arouses the sensual passions, even destroys the soul, and it gives not one com-pensating good for this long catalogue of evil. So well known are these evil results that churches, schoolhouses, and well-to-do resi-dences are carefully guarded from a near proximity to a saloon. Even cemeteries are not desirable near a saloon, and in Mich-igan we have a law something like this, that they are not permitted within eighty rods. When, in Kalamazoo, Mich., one was placed within that number of rods, they went to the law about it, and the dead men won. The fraternal societies do not care for the drinking man. Sixty-nine of them to-day bar the saloon-keeper. By what method does the saloon carry on its business? If it is Lansburgh's or the Boston Store, they will send perhaps to some far-distant city or country to secure a man Š as I knew of one recently doing Š to drape their goods in their windows, to display them better to the passer-by. But if it is the liquor traffic, which we legalize and license, it has screens and curtains and blinds and high-board fences, to hide all that goes on within. Then the saloon-keeper discovered the fact, long before scientists proclaimed it to the world, that a few well-spent coppers in the way of al-luring enticements would bring large re-turns in the business; and so they have everything to please the eye and the ear. The saloon-keeper knows that all he has to do is to teach the boy or girl to drink, to drink to excess, and the problem is solved. So this boy or girl soon becomes one of his best-paying and supporting cus-tomers; and therefore the music, the flow-ers, and the free lunches are to entice them in. For what end does the sa oon exist ? Š It exists for money. I have asked saloon-keepers, and they have always replied so. One said, " Why, Miss Bilz, it is the easiest way I know of making money; every- 