LleERT Y 95 A FREAK bill has been introduced into Congress, designed to settle a number of vexed questions, among them being the proper reckoning of the days of the week. The bill in question would make the year consist of thirteen months of four weeks, or twenty-eight days, with an extra day each year to be called Sol, for the sun, and to be a legal holiday and not to be reckoned as belonging ei-ther to the month or the week. An ad-ditional extra day once in four years would be taken care of in a similar man-ner. Presumably, in the minds of its friends, such a law would settle the question as to the proper day of the Sab-bath, for if Monday were made the first day of the week by act of Congress, Sunday would beyond question be the seventh day by the same authority. This of itself might be regarded by some as of sufficient importance to justify the proposed change. Then it would greatly simplify the matter of keeping track of the days of the month ; Monday would always be the 1st, 8th, 15th, and 22nd ; Sunday always the 7th, 14th, 21st, and 28th. The scheme is simplicity itself. The only wonder is that no one ever thought of it before. THE matter of a Sunday law for the District of Columbia is being pressed with an insistence that will not down. Just at present there is no special drive on for the attainment of this end, but the effort has not been abandoned, and awaits only a favorable opportunity to spring into action. In his annual ad-dress on the occasion of the twenty-third convention of the Protestant Episcopal Church of the diocese of Washington, on May 15, Bishop Alfred Harding said : " One of the serious signs of the times is the growing disregard for the Lord's day in Washington." Bishop Harding said the opening of the theaters Sunday nights since mid-winter, coupled with the all-day-every-day motion picture theaters, and the in-crease of work on hnildings, railroads,  etc., are among the evidences of the ne-cessity of a Sunday law for the District of Columbia. " We do not want a Puri-tan Sunday," he continued, " but it is evident that for the sake of labor and for the quiet and order that should mark a day whose chief sanction is religious, there should be some reasonable restric-tions." Here is a skilful blending of the civil and the religious idea : " for the sake of labor, and for the quiet and order that should mark a day whose chief sanction is religious." The bishop is modest : he gives " labor " the first, but not the chief place ; the chief reason for demanding Sunday legislation is the religious char-acter of the day, and this Bishop Hard-ing frankly confesses. os at Church Demands Religious Legislation THE Union Methodist Episcopal church of Wilmington, Del., petitioned Congress on April 17, 1918, to pass a law requiring " the uniform observance of the Christian Sabbath throughout the United States of America." The following resolution was adopted by this church and sent to Washington for publication in the Congressional Rec-ord: " Resolved, First, that it is essential now that we have the help of Almighty God to win this war. "Resolved, Second, that we as a nation should show the sincerity of our faith in God by keep-ing the Sabbath day as provided in our laws. We have greatly sinned in this respect, even this whole nation. It is time for sincere re-pentance and earnest prayer. But faith with-out works is dead. We should begin in good earnest to obey God. There are Federal laws and laws on the statute books of all the States of this nation, whose design is to protect the Sabbath as a sacred day by prohibiting secular employment and amusements on the Lord's day. The secular press often sneers at these laws as " old blue laws," but the secular press has not been without Ain in this matter of breakine our Sabbath laws. The secular press of th. country is a powerful agency for good, but it should not be allowed to sin against God and destioy the most snered institutions of this Republic 