20 LIBERTY MEHMED V, SULTAN OF TURKEY that, in view of the fact that the Postal Appropriation bill was before the House for passage, the hearing would have to close at 12 o'clock. E. Hilton Jackson had charge of the advocacy of the measure, and K. C. Rus-sell of the opposition. The chairman announced the arrange-ment agreed upon and called upon Mr. Jackson to proceed. Mr. Jackson called upon Attorney B. P. F. Sands. Mr. Sands laid claim to parenthood of the measure, and claimed that this bill was the incarnation of the good fea-tures of the Sunday laws of all the States and " absolutely unobjection-able." His time was consumed in giv-ing a history of the vicissitudes of this particular bill and his connection there-with. He represented the Master Butchers' Association of the District of Columbia. The second proponent of the bill was Attorney Chas. F. Diggs, who spoke for the Retail Grocers' Protective Association. He declared that the clerks in the retail grocery business had " found it impractical " to have a rest day " without legislation." There was danger that the other man might get some of the trade that should come to their store if some closed their stores while others remained open. With them it was purely a matter of dollars and cents rather than of conscientious conviction or de-sire really to keep Sabbath. Mr. Diggs fell at once into the un-tenable position of advocating that because the retail grocers were not advocating the measure on religious grounds, therefore there was no religion in it. But the array of clerical talent be-hind the measure and the long endeavor and strenuous agita-tion of the ministerial force of the District, were sufficient con-tradiction of his claim. He as-serted that this was a local meas-ure concerning only the people of the District, and that the opposition to it was almost wholly from the outside, from those not concerned in the matter. He seemed to feel that the number of times such a bill had been up for pas-sage ought to entitle it to become a law, and declared there was nothing left for the committee to do but to recommend its passage. The third proponent of the measure was Mr. Geo. A. King, of Georgetown, D. C., one of whose arguments for the passage of the bill was that the citizens of Georgetown wanted it, and inasmuch as Congress had not done anything else for them and this would not cost any money, the bill ought to be passed. He thought their desires should have more weight with the committee than those.  of " mere theorists." He, too, fell into the error of thinking that because the 