170 LIBERTY But why should Sunday be accorded distinctive recognition in a land where Constitutional guaranties of equal liberty and of the unhampered enjoyment of re-ligious profession and worship, are ex-tended alike to Jew and Gentile? Even the Mohammedan may dwell in the United States with the assurance of pro-tection from the civil power in the exer-cise of his religion, though Friday is his day of rest from labor; and California has ' this definite pledge of religious equality : " The free exercise and enjoy-ment of religious profession and wor-ship, without discrimination or prefer-ence, shall forever be guaranteed in this State."Š Sec. 4, art. 1, Constitution of California. Then why should the state be asked to favor the ecclesiastical practise of any system of religion ? Those who observe a day other than Sunday as the Sabbath, and those who deny any obligation to rest at all, alike have claims to protection under our impartial system of govern-ment. Not all admit the sacredness of Sunday. While it has pleased many to attach ideas of reverence to the first day of the week, contrary to the plain teach-ings of the Scriptures, yet throughout all ages there have been those who have maintained the binding obligation of the seventh day, ordained of God as an eter-nal memorial of his creative act, when he laid the foundations of the heavens and the earth. But the advocates of the proposed law point complacently to the clause in that instrument exempting from its provisions " any person who is a member of a re-ligious society which observes some other day than Sunday as its day of wor-ship," and ask what more the Jews or the Seventh-day Adventists could ask than such liberal consideration. To this, response is made that in order to secure the exemption, even if it were not un-constitutional to grant it, one would be compelled to unite with some religious society, whereas the honest observer of another day who was not a member of an organized body of religious believers would have no remedy for his dissenting  opinions. He would have to submit to the observance of Sunday or suffer the consequences. Moreover, even the mem-ber of a church, holding to the observ-ance of another day, who might claim exemption, is specially constrained by these terms: Who actually keeps his place of business or of his ordinary call-ing closed, and does not work for gain at his ordinary calling or at common labor on said day of worship." If the act is merely to secure a weekly day of rest, why are the framers of the measure so particular that any other day observed by fellow citizens shall be observed by them religiously ? And the comparative worthlessness of the exemption is seen in that the observer of another day, while himself released from Sunday-keeping, is still restrained in the conduct of his business. He could open the doors of his place of business, but those not members of a religious body observing another day religiously could not enter his shop or store, or other place of business, for the transaction of business; without them-selves becoming liable to the penalties of the law. Thus the exemption is in-adequate, and should it be admitted that the state had a right to dictate in such matters, even this consideration might be withdrawn at any time. " Liberty of conscience and belief is preserved alike to the followers of Christ, to Buddhist, and Mohammedan," says Justice Henshaw of the California Su-preme Court, in an opinion ordering the discharge of a Hebrew, charged with the violation of a former statute, who had been imprisoned for keeping his clothing store open on Sunday. In this most re-cent ruling, wherein a definite statement is found regarding the force of Sunday laws in California, the court declares that liberty of conscience is preserved " to all who think that their tenets alone are il-lumined by the light of divine truth," but adds immediately, " It is equally pre-served to the skeptic, agnostic, atheist, and infidel."Š California Reports, Vol. CXII, page 468. More striking yet was the ruling of Chief Justice Terry of the same court, 