10 Ł LIBERTY complish the purpose of the makers of the law, must enforce not only Sunday rest but also the "public worship of Almighty God," because that was one of the two " primary objects " which he as-serted the makers of the law had in view. But is the enforcement of the " public worship of Almighty God " the business of the government of the United States, or of the individual States, or of the mu-nicipalities within the State? Š Most as-suredly not. That God should be wor-shiped we grant and maintain and urge ;  nance does rest upon a religious basis ; and that One of the Sunday law's two pur-poses is the promulgation of the worship of Almighty God. That, we hold, is not the legitimate occupation of any civil government. Jesus Christ never com-missioned any nation or state or munici-pality to enforce his gospel upon any people. When the state goes into the business of promulgating religion, it finds itself with no power but force with which to accomplish its purposes. That is why there can be no union of religion and UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA, FOUNDED 1740, EDGAR F. SMITH, PH. D., PRESIDENT but the promulgation of his worship is the state without persecution of the peo-the business of the church and not of the ple. And that is what is involved in this state. When the state takes over the for all those who rest and worship upon work of promulgating the worship of Al-  a day other than Sunday. They are made mighty God, it takes over the chief busi-  criminals because a law has been passed ness of the church, and assumes the right which outlaws conscience and requires of to carry on a work for which it has re-  them the observance of a religious ordi- ceived no divine commission. nance in which they do not believe. But Not Merely a Police Regulation the business of government is to prevent Some will still argue that a law com-  real crime, not to create criminals. pelling the cessation of worldly employ- What Accompanied the First Sunday Law ment on Sunday is a mere civil measure Constantine made the first Sunday law or a police regulation, and has no relig-  in the year 321, and he indited a prayer ious purpose in it; but here, in the fore-  to accompany its observance which his going, is a judicial precedent for other soldiers were compelled to repeat. He judges to follow in holding that it is more was the high priest of religion as well as than a police regulation; that the ordi- the ruler of the realm, and it was only 