LIBERTY 15 of the week is the Sabbath of the Lord ac-cording to his command, and that our Su-preme Court has decided that no law should contravene the divine law, they have a right to and will demand laws measured by God's law and Jesus' rule. We heartily indorse the principle of obe-dience to the law of God, and to the fourth commandment of that law just as it reads, and we are working to hasten the time when the declaration of the " great voices in heaven " shall become an accomplished fact, " The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our Lord, and of his Christ ; " but we just as heartily repudiate this political scheme for bringing about such a state of things. We have no war-rant either in the teaching or the example of Jesus of Nazareth for an alliance be-tween religion and the government, even though the religion be his own ; neither have we any record in history where such an alliance proved to be advantageous either to religion or to government. Jesus himself did not attempt to bring in his kingdom through the gateway of politics, nor seek decrees or enactments from the rulers of the Roman empire through which to give the principles that he advocated " an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law." Rather, he declared, in unmistakable language, " My kingdom is not of this world." In view of this political movement it seems fitting to call attention to a similar movement in the fourth century, and to point out the results which attended it. At that time " there had in fact arisen in the church . . . a false, theocratical theory, or-iginating, not in the essence of the gospel, but in the confusion of the religious con-stitutions of the Old and New Testaments, which, grounding itself on the idea of a visible priesthood belonging to the essence of the church and governing the church, brought along with Ł it an unchristian op-position of the spiritual to the secular power, which might easily result in the formation of a sacerdotal state, subordi-nating the secular to itself in a false and outward way. . . . This theocratical theory was already the prevailing one in the time of Constantine ; and, had not the bishops voluntarily made themselves dependent on him by their disputes, and by their deter-mination to make use of the power of the state for the furtherance of their aims, it lay in their power, by consistently and uni-formly availing themselves of this theory, to obtain a great deal from him."ŠNe-ander. For the purpose of increasing his own power the emperor Constantine con-sented to the union of church and state under the influence of this false, theo-cratical theory, until in due time, accord-ing to Eusebius, " through the powerful aid of God his Saviour, all nations owned their subjection to the emperor's authority." What, however, was the effect of this ex-perience upon the church? We will let Neander reply: " The more the church strove after outward dominion, the more was she liable to go astray, and to forget, in this outward power, her own intrinsic es-sence as a church of the spirit, and the more easy it became for outward power to obtain dominion over her." "'In forget-ting and denying its own essential charac-ter, on the simple preservation of which its true power depends,Š in consenting to make use of a foreign might for the fur-therance of its ends,Š the church suc-cumbed to that might." The lesson is plain. An alliance between the church and the state means disaster to both, since they were divinely ordained to occupy entirely separate spheres. There-fore, although we believe in religion, and further believe in the observance of the seventh day of the week as the true Sabbath of the Lord, yet we are uncompromisingly opposed to any effort to establish even our own religion in the law of the land, and to the attempt to enthrone Christ as king of this world through the agency of a po- litical party. The church will be purer and more prosperous when she declines any connection with the temporal power, and relies wholly upon that spiritual power which has been promised to her by her true and living Head. The United Christian party is hindering rather than helping the coming of the kingdom of Christ. 