LIBERTY  17 All this talk, then, about laboring men needing Sunday laws to " protect " them and to keep them from " coming to want " in case they choose to keep Sunday, is without foundation. What men need in religion is " courageous and conscientious fidelity " to what they believe to be truth and duty, rather than laws taking away all opportunities for exercising faith and trust in God. Practical Results of the Church Federation Movement K. C. RUSSELL No movement inaugurated during recent years is probably of greater significance than the Inter-Church Federation Move-ment. It is one which can not fail to ¥be attended with tremendous consequences, and, if followed to its logical outcome, will terminate in results which ought to cause every thoughtful person to shudder in ad-vance. The outcome of this federation movement has been plainly outlined in the " sure word of prophecy." History also illustrates, by similar movements, its meaning. Concerning its importance, the chairman of the Inter-Church Federation Confer-ence, recently held in New York City, said: " This is one of the most notable assemblies of believers in Jesus Christ that has ever been seen. John Calvin wrote to Cranmer, archbishop of Canterbury, and declared he would cross any sea to make such a union effective. The dream of the great reformer and the great archbishop has met with realization in these latter days." cA Bible Prohibition of Confederacy " Say ye not, A confederacy, to all them to whom this people shall say, A confed-eracy; neither fear ye their fear, nor be afraid." Isa. 8:12. It is evident, from the context of this passage, that God's professed people inaugurated this federa-tion movement against which He warned them, because they had departed from Him, and " refused the waters of Shiloh that go softly," and " vexed His Holy Spirit." The rejection of the Holy Spirit lies at the foundation of every church federation which has blighted the prosperity of the church during her history. The only union the true church has ever sought is a union  with Jesus Christ, the great Head of the church; and when such a union has been maintained, mighty power has attended it. As evidence of this, one has but to revert to apostolic times, when the Church went forth " fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners." Years ago much power attended revival efforts, conducted by such men as Professor Finney, President of Oberlin College, and later, by Mr. Moody and others. These old-time revivals were attended with a harvest of souls; but they are largely now things of the past. Many ministers deplore the absence of spiritual power which pre-vails to such an alarming extent at the present time. Realizing keenly the weak-ness and lack of spiritual life which -har-acterized the once spirit-filled church with a power which brought conviction to sin-sick souls, churchmen are seeking for some remedy by which the church may regain her former power. The means by which this restoration of former power is sought, is a gigantic church federation movement, through which the church may secure the power of the state to institute moral reforms and enforce her de-crees. To many. at first thought, this may seem an innocent, harmless, and desirable thing. For this reason we desire to submit a few of the inevitable practical results of such a union. One of the results of this movement was outlined by a prominent delegate at the conference, as follows: " I trust that one of the practical results of this conference will be the organization of a force that lawbreakers and lawmakers will respect and heed when great questions of morals are involved. Our gospel is the fulfilment of the law. It is our province, in the name of our Supreme King, and seek-ing the good of mankind, to ask rulers to respect the code of our kingdom. Rulers may ignore sects, but they will respect the church. This federation will compel an audience, and it will speak with power if it will put aside its differences and make its agreement its argument." When the end has been attained for which they have been seeking, we will have a parallel to that which existed in the fourth century, when the bishops of Rome were united in compelling the Emperor Con-stantine and others to yield to their de-mands concerning the settlement of " grave 