KING CHARLES II Charles II was the father of our American Sunday laws, since practically all of them are modeled after the law pro-mulgated by him in 1676. An Era of Sunday Closing C. P. BOLLMAN THE present is an era of Sunday clos-ing. The times seem to be propitious for such a crusade; for the reason that a great temperance wave is sweeping over the country, and in its wake comes an unparalleled demand for rigid en- forcement of all Sunday laws. It is a shrewd movement on the part of the Sunday people. There are many who favor the Sunday closing of saloons who are not in favor of rigid enforcement of Sunday laws in other re-spects; but when the law is enforced against saloons, the saloon keepers and their friends say, " If we must obey the Sunday law, all others must do the same." And so they insist on enforcing the extreme letter of the law, no mat-ter how great hardship it works on many people ; and so it often happens that the people wake up ti) find that the laws are much more rigid than they ever supposed them to be, and that even the sale of food, milk, ice, etc., is unlawful. But it will be asked, Why not modify the law then, so as to permit the sale of needful things on Sunday, while still prohibiting the traffic in liquor? That is not, how- ever, an easy thing to do. The saloon keepers and their friends insist that if any change is made, it shall redound to their benefit as well as to the benefit of the poor people who, not being able .to have ice chests and to buy twenty-five or fifty pounds of ice at a time, and two clays' supply of perishable provisions, must do without, even though it may mean actual suffering for tender infants and fever-parched patients. We are opposed to saloons, not only 12 on Sunday but on other days as well ; and we cannot but view with alarm the use that is being made of the temperance sentiment to further the strict enforce-ment of Sunday, not merely as a day when tired toilers who wish to do so may rest, but when all the people, whether tired or not, must rest, and must observe the day by abstaining not only from their ordinary employment, but from every form of secular pursuit, including those forms of recreation not wrong in themselves, nor out,.of keeping for a civil rest clay, but not consonant with a religious day. The fact is that every effort and expedient pos-sible is being put forth and invoked to fasten upon the American people the legal-ized Puritan sabbath, under the name of the " civil Sunday," which is abso-lutely nothing but a reli-gious institution intrenched in civil laws and enforced by the policeman's club. " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty," but it is a price that many people are not willing to pay; and so liberty is subverted, not at the behest of the majority, but at the demand of an aggressive minority holding the balance of power and ready to cooperate with any element they can use to further their own end, the exaltation of Sunday as a religious institution. We may be sure that no stone will be left unturned to fur-ther the ends of the Sunday law forces. Their theocratic theory of civil govern-ment impels them to the adoption of any measure that promises success. The friends of liberty of conscience should be no less tireless and even more vigilant than the enemies of soul freedom. 