174 LIBERTY " The Prohibition Reform party of the United States, organized in the name of the people to revive and enforce, and per-petuate in the government, the doctrines of the Declaration of Independence," etc. The ninth plank in said platform read as follows:Š "Thefollows  separation of the government in ali its departments and institutions, in-cluding the public schools and all funds for their maintenance, from the control of every religious sect or other associa-tion, and the protection alike of all sects by equal laws, with entire freedom of religious faith and worship." Strange to say, however, the sixth plank of this same 1876 platform pledged the support of the party in reality to the union of church and state through the enforcement of laws compelling the ob-servance of a religious rest day. It read : Š " SIXTH. The national observance of the Christian sabbath, established by laws prohibiting ordinary labor and busi-ness in all departments of public service and private employments (works of ne-cessity, charity, and religion excepted) on that day." (See " One Hundred Years of Temperance," pages 545, 546, published by the National Temperance Society and Publication House, 58 Reade St., New York, N. Y.. 1886.) Similar Planks in Republican, Democratic, and Other Platforms Dr. Swallow's proposed plank was also in harmony with similar religious liberty planks adopted at one time or another by practically every political party known to United States history ; namely, those adopted in Philadelphia in 1800 by the Democratic-Republican party ; in New York, by the Democratic Equal Rights Party Convention in 1836 ; at the regular Democratic conventions from 1840 to 1856 ; by the Liberal Republican Party Convention, Cincinnati, Ohio, May 1, 1872 ; by the Republican party, at Phila-delphia, June 5, 1872; by the Democratic party, at Baltimore, July 9, 1872 ; by the Republican party convention of 1876; by the National Liberal party, at Cincinnati,  Ohio, Sept. 14, 1879 ; and again by the Republican party, at Chicago, June 2, 1880. (For full text of these planks see " American State Papers," pages 166-170.) Plank Defeated by Telegram From Archbishop Ireland At the Republican Party Convention held at St. Louis, June 16, 1896, the friends of religious liberty made an effort to incorporate into the party platform the following declaration found in the platform of 1876:Š "The public-school system of the United States is the bulwark of the American republic, and, with a view to its security and permanence, we recom-mend an amendment to the Constitution of the United States, forbidding the ap-plication of any public funds or property for the benefit of any schools or institu-tions under sectarian control." In spite of the fact that the platform committee had taken favorable action upon this plank, the newspapers through-out the country also having published the digest of the platform, before its adoption. containing the principles of said plank, it was finally eliminated upon orders from Rome. On June 24 the daily press contained the following despatch from St. Louis : Š " The following telegram was received by Chairman Carter of the Republican National Committee, from Archbishop Ireland : Š " ST. PAUL, MINN., JUNE 17. " To Thomas H. Carter, "` National Committeeman, "` St. Louis, Mo. "` The clause in the proposed plat-form opposing the use of public money for sectarian purposes and union of church and state is unnecessary and un- called for. It is urged by the A. P. A. Its adoption will be taken as a concession to them, will awaken religious animosities in the country, and will do much harm. The Republican party should not lower itself to recognize directly or indirectly the A. P. A. I hope the clause, or any-thing like it, will not be adopted. " JOHN IRELAND.' 