LIBERTY 11 church, or a union of church and state again. We could wish that the National Reformers would do the same. Their ab-stract arguments may do no harm, but just as surely as their doctrines concerning the state are put into practical operation, just so surely there will be interference with the divine right of the individual to wor-ship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, and the heads of the dis-sentient minority will probably be broken. We invite the Statesman to deal with the authorities and the arguments presented in this article. We shall be glad to read its reply. A Dangerous Measure AMONG the numerous Sunday bills intro-duced into Congress during the last session was one " requiring certain places of busi-ness in the District of Columbia to be closed on Sunday." This bill, known as H. R. No. 16483, was introduced into the House of Representatives, March 9, 1906, by Hon. J, W. Wadsworth, of New York; passed the House June u ; and, as " an Act," was introduced into the Senate the following day, but was not acted upon by the Senate during the remaining eighteen days of the session. It is still in the hands of the Senate Committee on the District of Columbia, to whom it was referred, and may be reported by the committee, and acted upon by the Senate, at any time dur-ing the coming session. This same measure, with the exception of the provision for the sale of fruit at fruit stands and the regular business of restaurants and hotels, was introduced into the fifty-eighth Congress,Š into the House of Representatives Feb. 4, 1904, passing the House April 6 of that year; and into the Senate on the following day, April 7. But it failed to pass the Senate, being held up in the District Committee on a tie vote. It has therefore been twice introduced into Congress, and twice has reached about the same stage in its course toward enactment. The following is the text of the proposed measure: Š AN ACT Requiring Certain Places of Business it the District of Columbia to be Closed on Sunday: Š Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That it shall be unlawful for any person in the District of Columbia to sell or to offer for sale, or to keep open any place of busi-ness for the sale or delivery of, any gro-ceries or meats or vegetables or other pro-vision on Sunday, except that from the first day of June until the first day of October meats sold prior to Sunday may be deliv-ered at any time before ten o'clock of the morning of that day . Provided, That noth-ing in this Act shall prevent the sale of fruit at fruit stands and the regular busi-ness of restaurants and hotels. Any person who shall violate the provision of this Act shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by a fine of not less than twenty-five dollars nor more than fifty dollars for the first offense, and for each subsequent offense by a fine of not less than fifty dollars nor more than one hundred dollars, or by im-prisonment in the jail of the District of Columbia for a period of not less than one month nor more than three months, or by both fine and imprisonment, in the discre-tion of the court. SEC. 2. That all prosecutions for viola-tions of this Act shall be in the police court of the District of Columbia and in the name of the District of Columbia. Character of the Measure While this measure contains none of the familiar religious expressions which have characterized most Sunday bills and are to be found in almost every Sunday law, such as " the Sabbath," " the Sabbath day," " the Lord's day," " conscientiously observe an-other day," and the like, it is, nevertheless, as religious in its real purpose and meaning as any Sunday law that was ever proposed or enacted. Whatever its appearance, and whatever arguments may be urged for its passage, its real, ulterior, and ultimate de-sign is to protect and preserve a religious institution from decay by enforcing its ob-servance under the rigorous hand of civil law. The acts forbidden by it are not in themselves uncivil, criminal, or unlawful. They can not upon any purely civil grounds be regarded thus. Upon any other day than the day mentioned in the Art they would 