32  LIBERTY LIBERTY The Official Organ of the Religious Liberty Bureau Department of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists WASHINGTON, D. C., THIRD QUARTER, 1907 Subscription Price - - 25 cents per year To Foreign Countries - 50 " " " Published Quarterly by REVIEW & HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. TAKOMA PARR' STATION, WASHINGTON, D. C. Entered as second-class matter, May 1, loo6, post-office at Washington, D. C., under the Congress of March 3, 1879. at the act of THE religion that makes you feel like fighting your brother never came from God, for God is love. THE church of Christ is made up of all who obey the Lord's commands, not a body to issue commands. IDAHo's recently passed Sunday law went into effect May 13. In all the Union, Cali-fornia and Arizona alone now remain with-out a Sunday law. FOR lack of space a history of the struggle for religious liberty in Virginia has been omitted from this number. It will appear in the next. Civil, liberty springs from religious free-dom. Christianity tends to make men gentle and obedient, patient and forbearing, willing to concede to all their just rights; and it employs only persuasion and truth to accomplish its ends. SPEAKING in defense of the Stamp Act, Charles Townsend, Chancellor of the Ex-chequer, in 1767, said: " England is undone if this taxation is given up." So many reason regarding Sunday legislation. They say society will be ruined and the nation go down unless the people are compelled to keep Sunday. England was the loser in enforcing the Stamp Act; so will any nation be that makes and enforces religious laws. THE International Reform Bureau, of Washington, D. C., sends out a circular recommending the appointment of " inves-tigating committees " in all the churches, which shall on the first Monday in each  month " report in writing and in detail to the secretary from careful personal obser-vation made the previous day whatever Sunday work or dissipation was discov-ered," and " these facts the secretary shall report early in the week to the proper civil authority." What is this but a revival of the methods of the Inquisition? and what is such a committee but an inquisitorial com-mittee? Spurgeon on Sunday Laws I Am ashamed of some Christians because they have so much dependence on Parlia-ment and the law of the land. Much good may Parliament ever do to true religion, except by mistake. As to getting the law of the land to touch our religion, we earnestly cry, " Hands off, leave us alone! " Your Sunday bills and all other forms of Act-of-Parliament religion seem to me to be all wrong. Give us a fair field and no favor, and our faith has no cause to fear. Christ wants no help from Cxsar. Let our members of Parliament repent of the bribery and cor-ruption so rife in their own midst before they set up to be protectors of the religion of our Lord Jesus. I should be afraid to borrow help from Government; it would look to me as if I rested on an arm of flesh, instead of depending on the living God. Let the Lord's day be respected by all means, and may the day soon come when every shop shall be closed on the Sabbath, but let it be by the force of conviction, and not by the force of the policeman; let true religion triumph by the power of God in mens' hearts, and not by the power of fines and punishments. Religious Liberty Leaflets pER  NO.  PAGES I 00 I. Principles Too Little Understood  8  5oc 2. Sunday Laws   8 5oc 3. Logic of Sabbath Legislation   8  50C 4. The Civil Sabbath  12  75c 5. Civil Government and the Church   4  25c 6. Religious Liberty Ñ What Eminent Authorities Say  12  75C 7. The Church's Greatest Need To-day   4  25c 8. Church Federation   52  75c 9. Limits of Civil Authority   4 25c  to. A Vital Question Ñ Is the Sabbath  a Civil Institution?   8  5oc I. What Are Works of Charity and Necessity?    4  5  12. " Backward States "  '  8  520CC  REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN., ZAK/WA PARK, WASHINGTON, D. C. 