76 LIBERTY suasion fails? They ought to hide their heads in shame for doing such a decidedly carnal thing. Again, Mr. Editor, this matter starts an-other train of thought that is pertinent right here. A Sunday law is a religious law. There never was a Sunday law enacted in all the history of the world but by religious influence. Take religion away from Sunday laws, and there would be no Sunday laws. Sunday is an institution of the church Š a religious institution. But this government under which we live guarantees by the Con-stitution the absolute separation of church and state. The First Amendment to the Con- logical conclusion, when some one church is able to control more political power than the others, it would be consistent for it to seek the help of the state to enforce its own par-ticular form of baptism, and by law compel men to be immersed instead of being sprin-kled. No, Mr. Editor, these very church people who are back of these prosecutions (and the church is back of it) would not for a moment agree to any such legislation. But one is just as consistent as the other. The state has no more right to force men to observe Sunday than it has to force them to pray. This whole matter is decidedly unchristian. Photo by Underwood & Underwood, New York EMPRESS OF GERMANY REVIEWING THE RED CROSS stitution, Article I, declares: " Congress shall make no law respecting the establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Sunday being a religious institution, a church institution, the state has of right nothing whatever to do with it. And when the state compels men to observe Sunday, it joins hands with the church to enforce upon men a re-ligious institution, which union is a wicked thing, both unchristian and unconstitutional. If it is right and proper for the church to seek the help of the state to enforce the ob-servance of Sunday, it would be right and proper for the church to seek the same help to enforce obedience to every other institu-tion of the church. Think of the state passing laws to compel men to celebrate the Lord's Supper, and to be baptized. And, again, following this to its  It is more, it is un-American and unconstitu-tional. It is subversive of good government. It is not in the interests of the church, for it would never make a Christian while the world stands. It is not in the interests of peace nor prosperity, and every lover of liberty ought to register his remonstrance against it. And so say the editors of LIBERTY. The Christian church' was never in such danger as when Constantine began to make Christian practices compulsory ; and that principle has put the stain of persecution upon every nation in the world. In our own country are being fashioned today the instruments of the same disastrous and unrighteous cam-paign. The combination of religious or- 