36 LIBERTY tainable under present conditions. Hu-man schemes and devisings, based on selfish motives and dependent upon de-praved human nature, are always bound to miscarry and result in bitter conten-tions, the last court of appeal of which is brute force. Human nature is everywhere the same, and ever will he, until regenerated by the grace of God. This fact is not, however, taken into account in the adjustment of national and international affairs. Last-ing peace is utterly impossible among covetous and rival nations, each of which has laws that, in its political, com-mercial, and social relations with the other nations, are antagonistic to their welfare. Self-aggrandizement and mu-tual jealousy have been and ever will be the fixed law of nations as long as ninety-five per cent of their inhabitants are strangers to the regenerating power of the grace of God. We can never ex-pect lasting peace on earth while men are living in sin. Any prophet who says that lasting peace can be established on any such basis is a false prophet and is holding forth a false hope. Divine rev-elation shows that there will be trouble and wars and desolations among carnal men and nations until, in their stead, the God of heaven shall set up a kingdom which shall never be destroyed. Echoes of Peace Nearly all the neutral nations of Eu-rope and South America sent formal re-plies to President Wilson's note of Dec. 18, 1916, expressing willingness to co-operate with the United States in a movement which might " insure a last-ing and permanent peace among the na-tions for the future." The Swiss Federal Council, under date of Dec. 23, 1916, was the first neutral nation to send a response to President Wilson's plea for peace. The concluding paragraph in this note expresses the hope of reaching a lasting peace : Š " The. Swiss Federal Council is therefore glad to seize the opportunity to support the efforts of the President of the United States. It would consider itself happy if it could act  in any, no matter how modest a way, for the rapprochement of the peoples now engaged in the struggles, and for reaching a lasting peace." The Scandinavian Note Norway, Sweden, and Denmark, the three Scandinavian nations, answered by an identical note, which was handed to Secretary Lansing on Dec. 29, 1916. A paragraph from the Norwegian version, as delivered by Minister Bryn, is here given as representative of all three na-tions : Š " It is with the liveliest interest that the Norwegian government has learned of the proposals which the President of the United States has just made with the purpose of fa-cilitating measures looking toward the estab-lishment of a durable peace." Lloyd-George's Guildhall Address Premier Lloyd-George delivered a very important address at the Guildhall, London, on Jan. 11, 1917, in which he touched largely upon the German peace proposals to the Entente. During his speech, he made the following significant statements concerning the permanent es-tablishment of peace in Europe after the present war is concluded : Š " Before we attempt to rebuild the Temple of Peace, we must see now that the founda-tions are solid. They were built before upon the shifting sands of Prussian faith; hence-forth, when the time for rebuilding comes, it must be on the rock of vindicated justice. . . The peace and the security for peace will be that the nations will band themselves together to punish the first peacebreaker who comes out. As to the armies of Europe, every weapon will be a sword of justice in the gov-ernment of men; every arm will be a con-stabulary of peace. There were men who had hoped to see this achieved in the way of peace. \VeŁwere disappointed. It was ordained that you should not reach that golden era except along the path which was paved with gold Š yea, and cemented with valiant blood. . . . We all want peace; but when we get it, it must be a real peace." " We Were Disappointed " Suppose the whole world should unite and form one universal league of peace, and then a vital issue should arise and cause this league to split into two great camps; viz., the kings of the East against 