24 LIBERTY " That the general assembly reiterates its strong and emphatic disapproval of all secular Š secular Š uses of the Sabbath Š Sabbath Šday, all games and sports, all unnecessary trav-eling and excursions, and urges upon all em-ployers of labor and captains of industry to recognize the need of the laboring man for his weekly rest day and secure him in this right and thereby insure his larger efficiency and happiness and the greater prosperity of both capital and labor." Let the workingman look up the word " secular " and its meaning, also the word " Sabbath," and if he feels that his " happiness " is augmented and guaranteed by Sunday laws, then he is very shortsighted. or if he is deprived of " all games, sports, traveling and ex-cursions," etc., what is he shut up to on Sunday ? The answer is very obvious : He will either lie around home with noth-ing to do, or he may elect to attend church services. It is very proper. in-deed that men and women should attend church ; they would be happier and more efficient for so doing. We are not anti-church promoters by any means. But in the light of America's fundamental law and guaranties of religious and civil liberty, what right has a church organi-zation to secure in this nation the aid of the state to compel church attendance either directly or indirectly One of the apostles of Sunday laws for the laboring man said (and he is doubt-less of the same opinion still) : "A weekly day of rest has never been permanently secured in any land except on the basis of religious obligation. Take the reli-gion out, and you take the rest out:" Š" Senate Documents," No. 43, p. 21 (50th Congress, 2d session, Dec. 13, 1888). Early Congresses were of the opinion that religion was at the bottom of Sun-day legislation, and therefore refused to pass laws on the subject of compulsory Sunday observance. The Constitution provides in its First Amendment that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," and the Fourteenth Amend-ment prohibits the States from enacting laws " which shall abridge the privileges  or immunities of citizens of the United States." True to the Constitution, the Twenty-first Congress, on March 4, 5, 1830, re-jected a bill to close the post offices on Sunday, owing to the dangerous prece-dent which might thereby be set, stating among other things in the report adopted : " It is perhaps fortunate for our country that the proposition should have been made at this early period while the spirit of the Revolution yet exists in full vigor." This expression furnishes ground for assuming that among the things our fathers stood irrevocably opposed to was compulsory Sunday observance under civil statute. And it was not, assuredly, because they were irreligious; nay, they were God-fearing men. But they founded a state with institutions quite different from European church-and-state institutions, such as Sunday laws, and proposed a nonreligious nation with the determina-tion to recognize no religious sect, pro-posing in the interest of religion itself that the church corporations should at-tend to such matters as Sabbath or Sun-day observance. We therefore believe that all laws en-acted for the compulsory observance of Sunday are unconstitutional, non-Prot-estant, and anti-Christian. They in-trude upon the things that belong to God, over which Caesar can of right have no part except to protect men in their right to worship, or not to worship. ME Of OE Servant of the People THE state is the servant, not the mother, of the people, and far from cre-ating or determining their rights, it finds them already existing. It is a natural and perfect society, and as such bears relation to affairs and interests peculiar to itself and for which it is responsible. But the limits of its action are definitely expressed in the twofold purpose of its existence Š the protection of individual rights, and the advancement of the gen-eral good. 