General Articles Timely Words from Washington Clergymen Bishop Satterlee on Religious Coercion AT a meeting of the Women's Mission-ary Society, held in Luther Memorial church, of Washington, D. C., December ro, the topic of promoting Sunday observ-ance was under discussion. Bishop Satter-lee, of Washington, spoke these golden sentiments in favor of the gospel plan of inculcating Christian principles as contrasted with the methods of religious coercion: Š " I do not believe in coercion and legis-lation. I do not believe that, even if we had a law, it would be wise to appeal to the law. I think that we need to work among Christians, among earnest Chris-tians, and see if we can not gather together and form a bound about ourselves for the protection and preservation of the Lord's day. . . . I am not speaking in a vague way. What I say may seem vague and indefinite and confused to you. I wish I could put it in words. But we do not want more Christians at the present time; we want better Christians. We want those who will stand by the Lord loyally ; those who will say, as did Joshua, As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.' We want to have these Christians recog-nize the fact that they must draw a line in their own thought, between that which is loyal service to Christ and that which is merely worldliness in regard to Christianity. It seems to me, then, that we can combine all our efforts to influencing the family life, and that this will have greater effect than if we were to attempt coercive methods." Religious Legislation Dangerous In the same discussion, Dr. S. H. Greene, pastor of the Calvary Baptist church, Washington, said : Š " What can be done? I have very little confidence in legislation. Religious legisla-tion is always attended by very grave dan-ger. We must arouse to the point of what this issue means to us, and to our genera-tion, and to our country. And as we find out how vital a thing the Christian sabbath is to ourselves and our families and our nation, we shall be prepared to take our stand as individuals, and speak with no uncertain sound. We must arouse the in- dividual membership in our churches to this question that is presented to us." These sentiments seemed especially ap-propriate in the Luther Memorial church, with its beautiful statue of the Reformer holding forth the open Bible as the weapon of Christian warfare. A leading official of the Washington W. C. T. U., however, said that she was " very sorry to hear some of the speakers Š the Bishop and Dr. Greene Š deprecate the importance of legis-lation in the matter of Sabbath observ-ance." "Backward States" K. C. RUSSELL THE words which are used as the title of this article are applied by Mr. W. F. Crafts, Superintendent of the International Reform Bureau, to the States which, under their Sunday laws, have persecuted seventh-day observers for working orr Sunday. It seems indeed a strange anomaly that a champion of Sunday legislation should make such a statement, when he himself is seeking for more rigid Sunday laws in every State,Š laws which will produce the very results that caused him to call them " back-ward States." The logical result of all legislation of a religious character will in the end be perse-cution upon those who refuse to yield to the demands of the law. It is this very kind of legislation that will turn the States " backward " to the days of religious in-tolerance. James Madison, in speaking against an establishment of religion by civil government, clearly states the danger that lies in the first attempt, however slight. He says: " Distant as it may be in its present form from the Inquisition, it differs from it only in degree. The one is the first step, the other is the last, in the career of intoler-ance." From these statements it will be seen that any State which attempts to en-force upon its citizens any religious dogma is a " backward State," and that such at-tempts will, in the end, lead to all the bane-ful fruits of the Inquisition. The following syllogism will illustrate the logic of Mr. Crafts' " backward State " conclusion: Major premise: States which Ł 