•04  22 LIBERTY with himself Š and the Son of man. As Christ forms a part of the Godhead,Šthe Father, the Son, the Holy Ghost,ŠGod in reality retains unto himself au-thority in religious matters, for the Father and Son are as one in the carry-ing out of every purpose and work. This is a vital principle, and should never be lost sight of. It reveals the great wisdom of God. Christ even was not made the absolute head of the church until he had been tested, clothed in the garment of humanity. After enduring the terrible test of bearing the weight of the sins of the whole world, he was exalted to be the head of the churchŠgiven absolute authority in heaven. Why ? Š Because he would make no wrong use of this power. It was there proved that he would be true both to the government of heaven and to the inter-ests of humanity. While the Son of man was on earth working out the salvation of man, per-forming miracles and teaching with au-thority, we can in imagination go into the secret counsels of the chief priests, and hear them say : " Here is this young man from Nazareth, up in Galilee, going about the country bringing in strange doctrines that we have not taught, neither believe in. Surely we gave him no authority to use the temple, and we know he is not in league with the Romans, for they would have nothing to do with doctrines such as he is present-ing to the people. Where, then, does he get his authority for unsettling the es-tablished customs of the fathers by teach-ing this new personal-heart-conversion religion?" And with these sentiments in mind, they enter the temple, and inter-rupt the youthful Galilean as he teaches the multitude, by saying: " By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee this authority? " Reading their designs, the Master of Israel said : " I also will ask you one thing, which if ye tell me, I in like wise will tell you by what authority I do these things. The baptism of John, whence was it? from heaven, or of men? ", They  dared not say, " Of men," because the great multitude present in the temple who were listening would revile them; for all believed John to be a prophet sent of God. Neither could they say, From heaven," because then Jesus would searchingly inquire of them, be- fore the multitude, " Why did ye not then believe him ? " for they professed to be the children of God. So they said, " We can not tell." Suppose we turn the search-light of these questions upon a live issue of to-day. Imagine yourself in the Senate chamber of some State legislature, where a religious Sunday-rest bill of some kind is under discussion. Suppose permission were granted an individual to address this body, and he should ask the chair-man, " By what authority doest thou these things? and who gave thee this au-thority?" Could it truthfully be said, in reply, that God had granted it ? All must admit that no such authority is given in God's Book of authority, the Bible. Could it be truthfully said that the authority was given by men to enact such laws ?Š Far from it ; for in no State constitution, so far as we know, is the authority delegated to the law-makers to legislate upon religious ques-tions. Then by what authority have Sunday laws found their way into the statute-books? Surely every American citizen has the right to ask any legislature, " By what authority doest thou these things ? " and, " Who gave thee this authority ? " It certainly is not only a legitimate, but a very pertinent question indeed, and one which every lawmaker should ponder. Religious laws enter the domain of the soul. No one but God, who can read the hearts of men, can rule in this realm with safety. At this point, when enact-ing religious laws, men enter the domain of the great I AM. And of all such it surely will be asked, sooner or later, by the Judge of all the earth, " By what au-thority hast thou done these things? Who gave thee this authority?" Takonia Park, D. C. 