52 LIBERTY one gets at the real American spirit." The Rev. William Rader, of Calvary Presbyterian Church, a noted preacher of San Francisco, being interviewed upon the matter, said : Š " I greatly object to visitors, especially clergymen, coming to San Francisco to speak disparagingly of our city. Men who say that San Francisco is the wick-edest city in the country have no just estimate of the relative morality of the East and West. . . . The real religion of San Francisco is not in the hands of the churches. The larger manhood out-side of the church, which breathes the true, fine, strong spirit of the West, must be reckoned with when we come to sum up the real moral and religious life of this city." The Rev. Father Joseph McQuaide said:Š "Of course I do not believe the town is so bad as it is painted. . . . Through-out the world some people have a notion that we have a sort of hell-hole out here. I think the idea originated years ago when stories of the Barbary coast were carried to the far ends of the world." Mr. J. Emmet Hayden, member of the Public Welfare Committee, says : Š " I have been in all the capitals of Eu-rope, and in many large cities in differ-ent parts of the world, as well as most of them in this country, and I fail to see where San Francisco is worse than any of them. I think as a matter of fact that she is better than most of them. I agree in every way with Dr. Aked." Mr. William P. Wobber, member of the Board of Censorship, declared : Š " I heartily agree with Dr. Aked in his expression as to the alleged wicked-ness in San Francisco. We have no im-moral city here." J. G. Chown, one of the most promi-nent Presbyterian laymen in the city, said:Š "Dr. Aked is a great man, and he has been in San Francisco long enough to know what he is talking about. He came here with a prejudiced mind, not of his own creating, but influenced by  the poisonous sting of rumor that rises from ignorance." The Argonaut takes up the question, and intimates that the Eastern visitors seem to be more anxious to see the slums than any other part of San Francisco, and the whole city is looked upon in the light of what they see there. Much more might be given, but this is sufficient to show the general trend of feeling of many in San Francisco who have had opportunity to compare it with other cities. Possibly some of these very men may be in favor of a Sunday law, but this one thing is clearly evident, that Sunday laws do not help the general morality of cities. What is true in San Francisco as compared with cities of the East, is as true throughout the State of California in general as compared with States in the East. People go to church, if they are interested in church matters, and find enough in the church to pay them for going. If they prefer to stay away, they stay away, as they do in the East. If they wish to find a little recreation in going out into the country, they do that, as people do in New York, or Massa-chusetts, or Pennsylvania. Some of them prefer the quiet recreation of working in their gardens on that day. This would not be permitted in some of the districts in the East, and yet the ser-mons preached by the plants and flowers would have a much stronger influence on the lives of the people than sermons preached in churches which a Sunday law would, if possible, compel them to attend. Now the lesson of all that we have said and quoted is this : Morality, neither general nor particular, is ever enforced or enforceable by law. Religion is not helped by it ; personal piety is not ad-vanced by it. All these must have their basis in the heart, in the motive, in the inner man. If the moral principle be within, it will work out in life. And the testimony of all the ages is the might-iest confirmation of these statements. What San Francisco needs, what Cali- 