LIBERTY  17 Constantine at this time, though nominally favoring Christianity, was, in fact, a pagan. He issued this decree, not as a disciple of Christ, but as a worshiper of Apollo, the god of the sun. This is clear from the fact that he calls the day, not " the Sab-bath," or " the Christian Sabbath," or " the Lord's day," but " the venerable day of the sun. The Christian church had been drawing toward paganism pre-vious to this time. The learned Dr. Killen says: Ñ " In the interval be-tween the days of the apostles and the conver-sion of Constantine, the Christian commonwealth changed its aspect. The Bishop of Rome,Ña per-sonage unknown to the writers of the New Tes-tamentÑmeanwhile rose into prominence, and at length took precedence of all other churchmen.  Rites and ceremonies, of which neither Paul nor Peter ever heard, crept silently into use, and then claimed the rank of divine institu-tions." Pagan mysteries and traditions began to appear early in the Christian church. The ordinance of baptism was perverted. The sign of the cross began to appear in con-nection with many religious ceremonies. Belief in purgatory became popular, pagan-ism and Christianity began to blend, and heathen philosophers nominally accepted Christianity, and were honored as " Fa-thers " of the Christian church. All this tended to cause professed Christianity to degenerate into paganism, and the first fa-mous Sunday law issued by Constantine was a further effort to unite heathenism and Christianity. Before advocating such laws every one professing to be a Christian should study the history of Sunday legislation and become acquainted with the facts. Sunday laws have an unfortunate parentage. The first one was not Christian, and none that have been made since then have been Christian, however much professed Christians have fostered, framed, or favored them. They are  relics of heathenism, and belong to an age of darkness and superstition. The fact that the professed Christian church is seeking such legislation is clear evidence that she is de-parting from the simplicity and purity of the gospel. A human prop is of no value to a divine institution. If Sunday is the Sabbath, it needs no human legislation to uphold its sacredness. And if it is not the Sabbath, to enforce it as such upon men THE JAMESTOWN EXPOSITION by civil law is both a crime against man and an offense against heaven. Instead of calling for more Sunday laws. it would be far mdre consistent, therefore, to ask for the repeal of those already en-acted. Exhibiting the "American Sabbath" W. A. COLCORD THE advocates of a union of church and state in this country are so anxious to have the world know that the people of the United States keep Sunday that they seize upon every possible means of publishing the fact, if fact it may be called. Every time there is a great national exhibition to which Congress is expected to make an appropriation, they labor and lobby to have the appropriation conditioned upon Sunday closing. They wish the "American Sab-bath " exhibited, they say, at these great shows, and they wish it exhibited by law. Thus it was with the Chicago, the St. Louis, and the Lewis-Clarke Expositions; and thus it is also with the present James- 