1104041141.4 4:4.1441414t,, CL.,;%kta,46:*144-* aht ti Mk*: ku likk. 0.41"00.- i 218 LIBERTY Prince Lobanow sought to evade the force of this argument by disclaiming any attempt to interfere with the religion of those discriminated against. " As to the American Constitution," he said, " I must confess that it seems to me to be here beside the question. The article of the Constitution which you were good enough to mention, and which prescribes that no religion is prohibited in the United States, is, by the very nature of things, placed outside all prejudice by the con- thereof,' as much as if the sect had been men-tioned in the title of the act, and the conse-quences had been named as pains and penal-ties for the conscientious belief and observ-ances entertained and practiced."Š Id., p. zo66. Indorsed by State Department The correspondence in connection with this matter was transmitted to the De-partment of State, Washington, D. C. The Acting Secretary of State, Alvey A. Adee, in writing to Mr. Breckinridge, said : " Your presentation of this govern- STATE, WAR, AND NAVY BUILDING, WASHINGTON, D. C. sular authority. He has neither to pro-hibit nor authorize the exercise in Amer-ica of any cult; and the fact of his vise being accorded or refused does not en-croach upon the article in question. The refusal of the vise is not at all an attack upon any established religion; it is the consequence of a foreign law, which only has its effect outside of the territory of the Union."Š Id., p. 1064. Religious Rights Further Defined To this ingenious argument Mr. Breck-inridge promptly answered : Š " Our Constitution does not say that Con-gress shall not make a law simply prohibiting or authorizing a religious exercise or belief, as Your Excellency seems to understand; it says that Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof.' Certainly if the law deprives any people or person of a certain faith, because of that faith, of all or of any part of the rights, privileges, and im-munities enjoyed by other citizens or class of citizens, it is made respecting' that religion, and it militates against ' the free exercise ment's view of that question meets with the approval of this department."Š Id., p. 1067. Sunday Laws Condemned by This Interpretation The position taken by Prince Lobanow finds a parallel in the teaching of a class of so-called reformers in the United States. Appeals are being made to our State and national governments for the enactment and enforcement of Sunday laws. These statutes would cause all who religiously observe another day of the week to sacrifice a whole day. When the injustice of such enactments is pleaded, the reformers complacently state that they do not in any way inter-fere  with religion, but are only civil laws ! The very principle which is emphasized by our State Department regarding oul citizens abroad needs to be upheld here at home. If this is not done, the moral influence of this nation will be weakened. 