8 LIBERTY ject can be secured without any act of Congress, as has been demonstrated al-ready by the popular, wide-spread cam-paign for the Sunday-closing of post- offices in this country. K. C. R. Sunday Laws Not Consonant With Republicanism THE Revolution was a war against im-perialism, the old order of things; and its success was the enthronement of repub-licanism, the new order of things,Š a success which we commemorate in the fourth of July celebration. Sunday as an institution and laws for its enforcement are both of pagan origin. Says the Schaff-Herzog Encyclopedia (1891 edition, page 2259) : " Sunday (dies solis, of the Roman Calendar, ' day of the sun,' because dedicated to the dun), the first day of the week, was adopted by the early Christians as a day of worship. . . . No regulations for its observance are laid down in the New Testament, nor, indeed, is its observance even enjoined." The first laws for its observance were imperial, and not the voice of the people. The first Sunday legislation " was the product of that pa-gan conception, so fully developed by the Romans, which made religion a depart-ment of the state. This was diametric-ally opposed to the genius of New Testa-ment Christianity. It did not find favor in the church until Christianity had been deeply corrupted through the influence of Gnosticism and kindred pagan errors. The emperor Constantine while still a heathen Š if, indeed, he was ever other-wise Š issued the first Sunday edict by virtue of his power as Pontifex Maximus in all matters of religion, especially in the appointment of sacred days. This law was pagan in every particular." While here, it might be interesting to refer to the Constantine Sunday law of 321 A. D. : - Let all judges,.and all city people, and all tradesmen rest upon the venerable day of the sun. But let those dwelling in the country freely, and with full liberty, at-tend to the culture of their fields, since it frequently happens that no other day is so fit for the sowing of grain or the planting of vines.; hence, the favorable time should not be allowed to pass, lest the provisions of heaven be lost. It will be noted that the first Sunday law contained an exemption clause. Of course, it is well known that an imperial form of government is one wherein the government is largely as-sumed by a few individuals without ref-erence to the will of the people over whom the government has jurisdiction. The pagan Roman conception of govern-ment was that religion was to be con-sidered a department of the state. The papal Roman conception of government coincides in a way with the pagan idea, with this difference, however : the papal system holds that the state is to serve the church. Contradistinguished from empire or monarchy is the republican form of gov-ernment, as illustrated in the American republic. Here the people rule; for all elections are limited as far as time is concerned. During our colonial days America was passing through an experi-ence of Puritanism, which included Sun-day-law intolerance, etc. And it was against this Puritanism, as well as against the European idea of civil government, that the forefathers contended when they wrote the Declaration of Independence and fought the war of the Revolution. A new order of things was henceforth to be established in this country. In the light of what is presented thus far, let us consider the grave question which now confronts us in the shape of Senate Bill No. 237. That bill is a call for religious service to be rendered the civil government. That bill belongs to the legislation which prevailed under the 