0 Harris & Ewing SENATOR OVERNIA N. OF NORTH CAROLINA 68 /, IBER1 hoto by Janvier, Baltimore, Md. SENATOR FRANCE, OF MARYLAND of accurate definition, under which prosecutions of every sort may be had against every critic and every honest expression of opinion in this land, is absolutely essential for this crisis in our affairs; but if it be absolutely essential, Mr. President, it is equally essential for the preservation of free speech in this nation, for the preservation of honest, decent, legitimate, loyal expression, that we preserve, in connection with so drastic a law as this, the right of any man to speak the truth with good motives and for justifiable ends. " Mr. President, what a travesty, it seems to me, today is presented when the Congress of the United States refuses to permit the peo-ple of the Union to speak what is true, with good motives and for justifiable ends, and de-nies the doctrine that has been tho doctrine from time immemorial in this land Š denies it, indeed, by its negative action and the elimi-nation of this amendment Š denies the right which ought to be the right of every American in time of war or in time of peace to speak the truth with good motives and for justifiable ends." Senators Overman:  of North Carolina and Fall of New Mexico argued for the elimination of this amendment, after which senator Johnson replied as fol-lows : " Mr. President, the scope of the argument, I think, has demonstrated conclusively the ne-cessity for the amendment. I beg the attention of my colleagues while I respond for just a few moments to what has been said in behalf of the action of the conferees in striking ont this amendment. I beg their attention, because what confronts us now in this amendment is fundamental, and it touches not only us and our action at this particular time, but it touches as well that which is held most dear by all our people. " As premising what I have to say, I want to make it perfectly clear Š and this, I think, has been made plain by my past actionsŠthat there is not anything that the Senator from North Carolina or the Senator from New Mexico can present for the successful prose-cution of this war that will not have not only my enthusiastic support but my ardent ad-vocacy in and out of this chamber. I want to make plain again, too, that disloyalty to the nation in this crisis, propaganda that will de-stroy the morale of those whom we love abroad or those at home who fight behind the line, would be by me as condignly met as any con-ceivable offense against our people or against our fighting forces; but I must most respect-fully dissent from the doctrine that has been announced by the learned Senator from North Carolina and that which has been reiterated by the Senator from New Mexico. 