48 LIBERTY LIBERTY The Official Organ of the Religious Liberty Bureau Department of the General Conference of Seventh day Adventists WASHINGTON, D. C., FOURTH QUARTER, 1907 Subscription Price - - 25 cents per year To Foreign Countries - 35 " " a Published Quarterly by REVIEW & HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. TAICOMA PAR/ STATION, WASHINGTON, D. C. Entered as second-class matter, May 1, loo6, at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. WE request all our readers to note the announcements of religious liberty litera-ture to be found on pages 46 and 47. EVERY person into whose hands a copy of this number of LIBERTY may come is invited to become a regular reader by sending in his subscription. The terms are given on this page. THE Vatican at Rome and the Capitol at Washington represent two widely con-trasted ideas of government Š absolutism and republicanism. If the theory of gov-ernment which prevails at the Vatican is ever accepted by the American Congress, we may look for the same results which appeared in those countries at one time under the control of the papacy Š hypoc-risy and persecution. Is not the lesson oft,  the past sufficiently plain? THOSE who are acquainted with the views on religion and government, which are ad-vocated by the National Reform Associa-tion and the International Reform Bureau, can hardly fail to observe the close parallel between them and the papal theory of a Christian state as defined in the article on that subject in another part of this maga-zine. It should be remembered, also, that the article in question was not written by  a religious fanatic or a bigoted cleric, but by a distinguished layman who was hon-ored with a seat in the cabinet of a Presi-dent of the United States. And, further, this article was written at a time when the danger that the papal theory of government would prevail in this country was not nearly so apparent as it is now. Read the article, and then consider whether you wish to aid in the effort to establish in this country the papal view of the relation between church and state. IN this issue of LIBERTY attention is di-rected to the significant change in the atti-tude of Rome toward the Constitution of the United States, and the probable result of this change, in view of the papal theory of the proper relation between the church and the state. A comprehensive view of this subject may be gained by reading the ar-ticles, " Rome and the Constitution " (page so), "Threatening Shadows" (page 55), and " The Papal Theory of Government " (page 23). The subject is worthy of study. A Logical Suggestion THE following item of news was recently sent out from Philadelphia: Š Rev. Dr. Robert M. Patterson, a minister of the Presbyterian Church, who is widely known in Albany, Chicago, and Philadel-phia, and who has lived at Malvern, an out-skirt of this city, since his retirement from the ministry several years ago, caused an uproar in the Presbyterian meeting here by declaring that the death penalty should be inflicted upon all heretics, blasphemers, and co-respondents in all divorce cases. But this man simply followed the logic of religious 'legislation to its last step, and only advocated a return to such laws as were in force in the most of the American Colonies, and which helped to furnish the foundation for the decision that this is a Christian nation. Those who wish to avoid this last step should deny the right of the civil power to establish any religious insti-tution or creed by law. This is the original Protestant ground. 