GRAVE OF JEFFERSON 14  LIBERTY preached and printed against me."Ñ"Writings of Thomas Jefferson," Vol. VII. On the other hand, Jefferson's unfal-tering faith and confidence in the people as the final court of appeals and the ar-biter of all secular questions, was as firm and unshaken as Jefferson realized that his work in be-half of the cause of freedom was not fin-ished nor secure. In his " Notes on Vir-ginia," he says : " The spirit of the times may alter, will alter. Our rulers will be-come corrupt, our people careless. A single zealot may commence persecution. and better men be t h e rock-ribbed coast line along the Atlantic after the onslaught of the mighty waves at the end of a terrific tempest. The fol-lowing apothegms from the pen of Jefferson show how firmly he be-lieved in the peo-ple : Ñ " I know no safe depositary of the ultimate powers of society but the peo-ple themselves. " The will of the majority honestly expressed should give law. " 0 u r citizens may be deceived for a while, and have been de-ceived; but as long as the press can be protected, we trust them for light. " I am for free-d o m of religion, and against all maneuvers to bring about a legal ascendency of one sect over an-other; for freedom of the press, and against all violations of the Constitution to silence by force and not by reason the complaints or criticisms, just or unjust, of our citizens against the conduct of their agents."  his victims. . . . The shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at the conclusion of this war will remain on us long, will be made heavier and heavier, till o u r rights shall revive, or expire in a con-vulsion." May God, who sent this modern Moses to deliver his people from "the house of bondage," raise up also another Joshua to prevent his people from returning to Egypt, which many are now as-saying to do. If America loses her liberties, the world is doomed. CAN the liberties of a nation be thought secure when we have removed their only firm basis, a conviction in the minds of the people that these liberties are of the gift of God? that they are not to be violated but with His wrath ? Indeed, I tremble for my country, when I reflect that God is just; that his justice cannot sleep forever.Ñ Jeffcrson. 