Safety of America and Sunday Laws BY SANFORD B. HORTON JAMES RUSSELL LOWELL, at one time minister of the United States to Great Britain, was asked by M. Guizot, the French historian, how long the republic of the United States might reasonably be expected to endure. " So long," replied Mr. Lowell, " as the ideas of its founders continue dominant." It requires but a cursory examination of the history of our colonial and national experiences to learn that the predominant idea of the fore-fathers was the recognition of inalienable rights, rights with which men were born. In framing the government, its founders proposed that, the question of human or civil authority having been settled by a Higher than man, in the statement of Holy Writ, " Render to Cxsar the things that are C2esar's, and to God the things that are God's," administrators of the government were to be prohibited from exercising any other than civil authority. This spelled an absolute separation of church and state, prohibiting Congress from passing any " law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Congress has thus far refused to be moved from this fundamental mooring of the ship of state. But will Congress always stand firm in this particular? There are before this, the Sixty-fourth Congress, several measures which would abridge the guaranties of the First Amendment. These measures consist of proposed Sunday laws for the District of Columbia and statutory restrictions against the freedom of the press. Only a brief reference to Sunday laws is nec-essary to show that they prohibit " the free exercise " of religion. The man who observes the Sabbath of the deca-logue by refraining from his usual voca- tion on Saturday, must also refrain from his usual vocation on Sunday, if Sunday laws prevail. Now, the right to work six days and to rest one day of the seven belongs to the realm of religion. It be-longs to that relation which exists be-tween the Creator and man, and cannot of right be legislated upon by civil gov-ernment. The fourth commandment em-anated from an Authority already extant when man was vested with civil author-ity, the only authority granted to men for their own welfare; and this authority pertained to them only in their relation to one another. Specious sophistry may yet induce Congress to yield to the demands of so-called national reformers, but if it does, the step thus taken will be the up-rooting of our national moorings and the casting of our ship of state adrift upon the sea of uncertainty. The memorable report of the Twenty-first Congress on the subject of Sunday Mails, submitted to the House March 4, 5, 183o, should ever guide that body, if " the ideas of its [America's] found-ers " are to " continue dominant." In that report it was held,Š " If the measure [Sunday bill] recommended should be adopted, it would be difficult for human sagacity to foresee how rapid would be the succession or how numerous the train of measures which follow, involving the dearest rights of allŠthe rights of conscience. It is perhaps fortunate for our country that the proposition should have been made at this early period, while the spirit of the Revolution yet exists in full vigor." We trust Congress will stand by the Constitution and by Congressional prec-edent, by refusing to enact any Sunday law for either the District of Columbia or any other part of the American do-main. The government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded upon the Christian religion.Š Treaty with Tripoli, 1797, 165 