" W HI DO !HI DISCIPLES TRANSGRESS TILE TRADITION OF THE ELDERS T " Individuality The Bane of Despotism By W. F. Martin THE Creator never made any two leaves exactly alike. Each one is stamped with an individuality. It is so with humanity. Some seem to try to rid themselves of this stamp. Again, others endeavor to suppress the mani-festation of individuality in their fellow men. Whatever crushes individuality is a despotism, no matter whether it professes to enforce the will of God or of man. " Every one of us shall give account of himself to God." When one breaks away from the con-ventionalities and goe's into new fields, he becomes a mark for the society which has not succeeded in fettering him. He is pointed at as " erratic," " wild," and sometimes an attempt is made to make an " example " of him. In dread alarm it was said of the apos-tles, " These that have turned the world upside down are come hither also." " Why do thy disciples transgress the tradition of the elders?" was asked of the Master. One might as well ask,  " Why doesn't Niagara run as placidly as a slow-moving canal? " There is ever need of people who will discover new truths. Without these, hu-man life would become stagnant and the world a salt sea. Persons of genius are ever in the minority. " Fear not, little flock." Genius can breathe only in an atmos-phere of freedom. The soil in which in-dividuality grows must be preserved and cultivated. Real worth comes from the cultivation of individuality. Thus one is valuable to self and to others. In order for life to be in the mass, there must be life in the units. Many go with the crowd; by refusing to follow their own nature, they soon have no na-ture to follow. They ask, " What is suitable to my position? what's the cus-tom?" It is true, energy and individual-ity may be turned to a bad use; but on the whole, more can be done by an ener-getic person than by an impassive one. Unoriginal minds do not and can not see the need of originality. " Art thou 41 