LIBERTY 37 Ł his mercy is yet manifested to the world. " The heavens declare the glory of God ; And the firmament showeth his handi-work. Day unto day uttereth speech, And night unto night showeth knowl-edge. There is no speech nor language, Where their voice is not heard." Apart from Christ, we are still inca-pable of interpreting rightly the language of nature. The most difficult and hu-miliating lesson that man has to learn is his own inefficiency in depending upon human wisdom, and the sure failure of his efforts to read nature correctly. Of himself he can not interpret nature with-out placing it above God. He is in a condition similar to that of the Athenians, who, amid their altars dedicated to the worship of nature, had one inscribed, " To the unknown God." God was in-deed unknown to them. He is unknown to all who, without the guidance of the divine Teacher, take up the study of nature. They will assuredly come to wrong conclusions. In its human wisdom the world knows not God. Its wise men gather an im-perfect knowledge of him from his cre-ated works; but this knowledge, so far from giving them exalted conceptions of God, so far from elevating the mind and the soul, and bringing the whole be-ing into conformity with his will, tends to make men idolaters. In their blind-ness, they exalt nature and the laws of nature above nature's God. God has permitted a flood of light to be poured upon the world in the dis-coveries of science and art ; but when professedly scientific men reason upon these subjects from a merely human point of view, they are sure to err. The great-est minds, if not guided by the Word of God, become bewildered in their attempts to investigate the relations of science and revelation. The Creator and his works are beyond their comprehension ; and because these can not be explained  by natural laws, Bible history is pro-nounced unreliable. Those who question the reliability of the Scripture records, have let go their anchor, and are left to beat about upon the rocks of infidelity. When they find themselves incapable of measuring the Creator and his works by their own im-perfect knowledge of science, they ques-tion the existence of God, and attribute infinite power to nature. In true science there can be nothing contrary to the teaching of the Word of God; for both have the same author. A correct understanding of both will al-ways prove them to be in harmony. Truth, whether in nature or in revelation, is harmonious with itself in all its mani-festations. But the mind not enlightened by God's Spirit will ever be in darkness in regard to his power. This is why human ideas in regard to science so often contradict the teaching of God's Word. The work of creation can never be ex-plained by science. What science can explain the mystery of life? The theory that God did not create matter when he brought the world into existence, is without foundation. In the formation of our world, God was not indebted to pre-existing matter. On the contrary, all things, material or spiri-tual, stood up before the Lord Jehovah at his voice, and were created for his own purpose. The heavens and all the host of them, the earth and all things therein, are not only the work of his hand ; they came into existence by the breath of his mouth. " Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God; so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear." " By the word of the Lord were the heavens made; And all the host of them by the breath of his mouth. . . . He spake, and it was ; He commanded, and it stood fast." Men of the greatest intellect can not 