Prohibition and Personal Liberty W. M. HEALEY Is the prohibition of the liquor traffic an infringement upon personal liberty? What is personal liberty? It is one's right to do what he pleases so long as he does not interfere with, or endanger the rights of, others. A man has no right to shoot at a tar-get in his own field if his shooting en-dangers the lives or property of his neighbors. One has no right to burn his own brush pile, if the fire would en-danger another's property. A man is serving out a sentence in the State prison of California for ar-ranging a simple clock-work contrivance to go off at a certain hour of the night. The criminality did not consist in ma-.  king the machine, but in the consequences that were likely to follow. It was de-signed to ignite a bunch of matches, and so start a fire that would endanger the lives and property of a whole city. Why was a man arrested for placing a bomb under another man's window ? ŠBecause he placed life and property in jeopardy. Thousands are arrested and punished for committing acts like these I have mentioned, and no one claims that their personal liberty is interfered with, for all agree that personal liberty gives no right to injure or endanger the lives or property of others. Then shall we say that the guaranty of personal liberty is a guaranty to men that they shall have liberty to carry on the liquor traffic, which is a greater menace to, and more destructive of, life and property than any other one evil in the world? Suppose a corporation should build a factory for the manufacture of a ma- chine that would run along the road, throwing out explosives which would de-stroy life and property. The first ex- plosion of the trial machine kills a little child ; the second burns a, number of buildings and destroys several lives, and the machine goes on, while the men who built it and turned it loose, say to the people: " You must not stop it ; we claim our personal liberty to make that machine and to turn it loose, and we are making half a million more to turn loose." Wo  to those men and their business; and wo to the man who would say, " I know it is hard on the community, but if these men will give us a few dollars a year, we will protect their ruinous business with a license." The liquor business, with its factories and distributing establishments, keeps five hundred thousand drunkards con-stantly menacing life and property, and a more " infernal machine " was never invented than a drunken person. No one calls it an infringement upon personal liberty to prohibit the manu-facture and circulation of counterfeit money. For precisely the same reasons no one has any right to drink, manufac-ture, or sell intoxicating drink ; these are only successive steps in making man a counterfeit, a fraud, an " infernal ma-chine " to endanger and ruin the property and lives of others. Some say, " A man should have personal liberty to drink if he wishes to." I say that depends on whether he can make it a purely personal matter or not. If his father and mother, his uncles and aunts, his brothers and sisters are dead, and he has neither wife nor children, and no one closely enough related to be disgraced by his conduct, and he so worthless as to be of no use to his country in peace or war, and then (as the Chinese do in some of our large cities) he digs a hole in the ground, and goes into it, with a guard at the door to keep him there so he can do no mischief, Š then under those circumstances he may, with some show of argument, claim it as his right to drink, because the act is personal, and the evil results are to himself personally. On the same ground and by the same rule, may the dealer and manufacturer be tried. Prohibit the sale and manufacture as we prohibit the ma-king or use of counterfeit money, then we shall have a prohibition that prohibits, and no one's rights will be interfered with; but the liquor makers, dealers, and drinkers will be prohibited from in-terfering with and destroying the rights of others. San Diego, Cal. (1095) 45 