10  LIBERTY imprisonment these three inoffensive per-sons before the bar of this court for a crime of great magnitude,Ñ as disturbers of the peace. May it please the court, what did I hear read? Did I hear it distinctly, or was it a mistake of my own? Did I hear an expression as of crime, that these men, whom your Worships are about to try for misdemeanor, are charged with Ñ with Ñwith what ? ' " Having delivered these words in a halt-ing, broken manner, as if his mind was stag-gering under the weight of a monstrous idea, he lowered his tone to the deepest bass; and assuming the profoundest solemnity of manner, answered his own question : Ñ "'Preaching the gospel of the Son of God!' " Then he paused. Every eye was riveted upon him, and every mind intent; for all this was executed as a Kean or a Siddons would have performed it on the stage,Ñ eye, voice, attitude, gesture, all in accord to pro-duce the utmost possibility of effect. Amid a silence that could be felt, he waved the indictment three times round his head, as though still amazed, still unable to compre-hend the charge. Then he raised his hands and eyes to heaven, and in a tone of pathetic energy wholly indescribable, exclaimed,Ñ " ' Great God! ' "At this point, such was his power of de-livery, the audience relieved their feelings by a burst of sighs and tears. The orator continued: Ñ " ' May it please your Worships, in a day like this, when truth is about to burst her fetters; when mankind are about to he aroused to claim their natural and inalien-able rights; when the yoke of oppression that has reached the wilderness of America, and the unnatural alliance of ecclesiastical and civil power is about to he dissevered,Ñat such a period, when Liberty, Liberty of Conscience, is about to wake from her slum-berings, and inquire into the reason of such . charges as I find exhibited here to-day in this indictment'Ñ " Here occurred another of his appalling pauses, during which he cast piercing looks at the judges and at the three clergymen arraigned. Then resuming, lie thrilled every hearer by his favorite device of repetition. " If I am not deceived,Ñ according to the contents of the paper I now hold in my  hand,Ñ these men are accused of preaching the gospel of the Son of God!' " He waved the document three times around his head, as though still lost in won-der; and then with the same electric attitude of appeal to heaven, he gasped,Ñ " Great God ! ' "This was followed by another burst of feeling from the spectators ; and again this master of effect plunged into the tide of his discourse: Ñ " ' May it please your Worships, there are periods in the history of man when corrup-tion and depravity have so long debased the human character, that man sinks under the weight of the oppressor's hand,Ñ becomes his servile, his abject slave. He licks the hand that smites him. He bows in passive obedience to the mandates of the despot; and in this state of servility, he receives his fetters of perpetual bondage. But may it please your Worships, such a day has passed. From that period when our fathers left the land of their nativity for these American wilds,Ñ from the moment they placed their feet upon the American conti-nent,Ñ from that moment despotism was crushed, the fetters of darkness were broken. and heaven decreed that man should be free,Ñ free to worship God according to the Bible. In vain were all their offerings and bloodshed to subjugate this new world, if we, their offspring, must still be oppressed and persecuted. But, may it please your Worships, permit me to inquire once more, For what are these men about to be tried? This paper says. for preaching the gospel of the Saviour to Adam's fallen race!' "Again he paused. For the third time, he slowly waved the indictment round his head ; and then turning to the judges, looking them full in the face, exclaimed with the most im-pressive effect,Ñ " What laws have they violated? ' " The whole assembly were now painfully moved and excited. The presiding judge ended the scene by saying,Ñ " Sheriff, discharge these men.' " It was a triumph of the dramatic art. The men were discharged ; but not the less in other counties, did zealous bigots pursue and persecute the ministers of other denom-inations than their own. It was not till the Revolutionary War absorbed all minds, that Baptists ceased to be imprisoned."Ñ Par-ton's "Life of Thomas Jefferson." 