FREE SPEECH WM. HUNTER, A MARTYR TO 140 LIBERTY Every citizen may freely speak, write, and publish his sentiments on all sub-jects, being responsible for the abuse of that liberty. No law shall ever be passed to curtail or restrain the liberty of speech or of the press.Š Constitution of Connecticut. The Globe said that this was by the order of City Marshal Mack, who had been directing police affairs on the stairs. The police refused to reopen the doors, and decided to order a dismissal of the assembly. Police Commissioner Hoyt was delegated to carry this into execu-tion. As he ap-peared on the stage, handclapping a n d cheering began. A fter restoring quiet, he an-nounced, "We have concluded that it will be inadvisable to continue. I have told Dr. Leyden so, and he has agreed not to speak." Quoted from the Globe. The Post, on the other hand, stated that Alderman Hoyt "announced that he had advised Leyden to cancel his talk. He also announced that Leyden h a d re-fused." From what happened afterward, it would seem that the Post was right in its statement that Leyden refused to cancel his engagement. Dr. Leyden himself appeared, and Rev. Rob- ert Atkinson, as soon as there was a lull sufficient for him to be heard, demanded that Leyden should have the right of free speech. The Evening Globe quotes him as saying, " As a decent citizen, I move that Dr. Leyden be permitted to speak." The Boston Post records what happened then, in these words : Š " Leyden finally appeared on the platform. He was pale, and he started to speak. It wad impossible. The crowd hooted and jeered. They sang, and they shouted. Leyden paced back and forth, waving his arms. The Rev. Robert Atkinson again attempted to restore order. He was grasped by several and rushed down the stairs. The police inside the building rescued him. The crowd, muttering threats, surged back into the hall. Leyden in the meantime had beaten a retreat. " As he ran from the platform, a glass door on a fire escape crashed inward. A crowd of one hundred men and boys surged into the hall. They shouted, ' We want L e y d e n.' Commis-sioner Hoyt guarded his exit long encrugh to slam a door in the face of the oncoming crowd. " Outside more per-sons tried to swarm up the fire escape. Threatening to use their clubs and re-volvers, the police drove them back. About two hundred remained in the hall. They demanded their admission money. "Commissioner Hoyt warned them to commit no violence Stones and sticks were raining through the windows. The crash of glass sounded through-out the building. Most of the windows were smashed. In the police station in the base-ment a bullet buried itself in the wall. A special squad of police started to clear the hall." State Militia Called Out When the police were unable to con-trol the situation, the State militia was called out. Meanwhile the mob had heard that Dr. Leyden had returned to his rooming house. They went there Every citizen may freely speak, write, or print on any subject, being responsible for the abuse of that liberty.Š Constitution of Pennsylvania. 