LIBERTY 21 " They enslave their children's chil-dren, who make compromise with sin ! " History has demonstrated that freedom denied to others can not long be pos: sessed. It must be dealt out in unstinted measure, or its essence will be lost. The principles of militarism and civil freedom can not exist together. In England we have a growing movement, with Lord Roberts at its head, calling for a great increase in our military strength and the compulsory training of every able-bodied man for service. A few years ago com-pulsory service was unthinkable; to-day its advocates have grown exceeding bold. Even our children are being leavened with the ideals of militarism. Another feature of the times that augurs ill for future liberty is the readi-ness of the people to turn their individual responsibilities over to the central gov-ernment. The state now educates the children, supplies meals for them some-times, and provides medical examination and assistance. It pensions the aged, and is about to insure all workers against sickness and unemployment. The as-sumption by the state of these burdens will, under existing circumstances, re-lieve much suffering, but it will also tend to weaken the sense of individual and family responsibility. And few can af-ford to suffer any loss in this respect. Governments seem to be afflicted with a tendency toward paternalism, toward encroaching unduly on the rights of the individual. Their opportunity to do so comes when the individual neglects his duties. The best way to confine a gov- ernment to its proper sphere is to give no such excuse for interference. Un- fortunately, the idea is gaining ground in England that it is the duty of the gov-ernment, rather than of the individual, to put right whatever is wrong, and thus the way is being opened for the state to exercise an undue control. This disposition is manifest in quar-ters where it might least be expected. If the history of the past teaches one les-son more emphatically than another, surely it is the great truth that religion  derives no blessing, but only a fatal curse, from state compulsion, exercised on its behalf. England has purged itself grad-ually from much of the taint of religious compulsion, but there are still religious laws lingering more or less discredited on our statute-books. These are mostly in behalf of Sunday observance. Instead, however, of joining in a movement to sweep away these remnants of a disgrace-ful past, the churches are too often guilty of the sins of their fathers by clamoring for stricter legislation to enforce more thorough Sunday observance. A power-ful organization, the Imperial Sunday Alliance, has been brought into existence for this very purpose, and at the present time there is a bill before the House of Commons designed to reduce the volume of Sunday-trading. To many this seems a move in the right direction, a needed reform. The people, they say, are rapidly losing their day of rest, and, unless the government inter-poses, will soon lose it altogether. This has always been the plea for state inter-ference, and it has been used just as logically to compel attendance at mass, and confession to the priest. By such intervention, the government usurps the place of God, and seeks to rule in a realm where man has no right to intrude. It is because Sunday legislation keeps alive the old principles of persecution and intolerance that its existence and growth to-day menace religious freedom. Few, however, see any danger in Sun-day laws. Few ever do when the fatal steps are being taken into bondage. But unless the forces of darkness have lost their old-time energy and cunning, they will know well how to take advantage of this opportunity. While a review of what has been gained in England inspires gratitude and rejoicing, we see also influences at work that may yet undo all the good, unless the principles of spiritual freedom are more truly prized and exalted. Ł Old foes are about us under new disguises to re-establish the reign of darkness, and lead England back into captivity. 