LIBERTY 55 cing larger attendance at church services. through the closing of other places in which the people might spend their Sun-day hours. Be this as it may, the State has been besieged for years by clergy-men, who deliver impassioned speeches in favor of enforced Sunday rest for all the people. The voicing of these mis-leading appeals becomes more pro-nounced as legislative sessions draw near ; and in some cases, men have been elected to the State legislature on the promise that they would work for the enactment of a Sunday law. Nevertheless, in each legislative ses-sion there have been enough sensible, level-headed men to prevent the accom-plishment of such an object. They have perceived that society would not be im-proved, but would rather be made worse, through the sectarian strife and the in-evitable persecution which such a law would engender. In the general election of 1911, however, the hopes of Sunday-law advocates were brightened some-what, by their being granted the privi-lege of the initiative and referendum. At once they set the machinery at work to furnish the necessary petition by which to refer the question to the people at the next general election. The Lord's Day Alliance seems to be taking the lead in this campaign. A cele-brated lecturer from Boston has been canvassing the State in behalf of the en-actment of a Sunday law. The Feder-ated Churches are in sympathy with the movement, and stand ready to lend their strength to it at the proper time. The latter part of February and the early part of March found the Men and Religion Forward Movement, with a strong " team " from the East, attacking the cities about San Francisco Bay, in favor of the uplift of society. Rev. Robert T. Moore, pastor of St. John's Methodist Episcopal Church of Brooklyn, N. Y., in an address before the monthly meeting of the San Fran-sisco church federation, said regarding the need of a Sunday law for laboring  men : " This Men and Religion Forward Movement is occupying itself with the affairs of men, .who if they were to pro-test against their employers' demands, would simply lose their positions. This movement is seeking to say, ' Why is it that men under our flag and institutions have to work seven days in a week in-stead of six ? ' It is going to ask that question with so much emphasis,Ł  too, that the nation will be driven to speak favorably in behalf of Sunday rest." The last thought was strongly empha-sized by an appeal to national patriotism, in the words : " In unity there is strength. ' United we stand, divided we fall.' If that works in politics and statesmanship, why won't it work in Christianity? Un-der that starry old flag many States are bound up into the Union. When the army of the living God brings into its forces the same unity, nothing can with-stand it. But that is certainly coming ; lay hold on it." Let this movement, combined with other religious organizations, such as the Federated Churches, the Lord's Day Al-liance, National Reform, and all others of the same character, which stand for the same purpose, rise to that degree of influence where they may with impunity dictate religious laws to the civil govern-ment, and history will begin to repeat itself in the persecution of honest dis-senters. California is as yet free from any and all church and state alliance. Let her remain so as an example of what a State may be, morally, without legal coercion. Moral suasion is the only potent influ-ence by which to elevate humanity. Let it reign supreme in society to the glory of God, and the uplifting of his king-dom in the hearts of men, and all will be well. But beware of state-enforced religious ceremonials ; for they will but lead to hatred and strife, and to that shameless bane of past ages, persecution for conscience' sake. Mountain View, Cal. 