LIBERTY 69 learned that he is in America. In any event, an apology is due our governor." Evidently the Catholics do not intend to make an apology for placing the car-dinal above the governor on this occa-sion, as the following, published in the Boston Journal on March 23, indicates: " To the Editor of the Boston Journal: What is all this fuss about Governor Foss saying the state was not accorded its proper place at the Irish Charitable Society dinner at the Hotel Somerset last Monday night ? " He tells us that the commonwealth's representative should speak before the representative of any foreign or eccle-siastical body. I do not agree with him. He had no more right to speak before the church representative than I had. . . We Catholics do not owe Governor Foss any apology, and will not make any." Joseph M. Shepley, a minister of the Methodist Church, speaks in behalf of the Methodists of Boston as follows:Š "To the Editor of the Boston Journal: I desire to express to you my hearty ap-preciation of your attitude on the inci-dent regarding the relative prominence which it was intended by those in charge of the Irish Society banquet should be given the governor of the commonwealth and Cardinal O'Connell, and I am sure I speak not only for myself, but for all Methodist people hereabouts. " It is good to know that we have a paper in Boston that stands squarely for American principles, and will speak out when the circumstances call for such ex-pression. . . . Your editorial is abso-lutely right, and no right-thinking man can question it." It was the privilege of the writer to be present at this banquet and at the preliminary and subsequent functions in which the President and the cardinal par-ticipated. The whole affair seemed more akin to courtship between the President and the cardinal, the state and the church, than anything the writer had ever seen. From the loving glances, embraces, bowing attitudes, and almost  undivided attentions during the whole evening, one would judge that the wed-ding day between the church and the state can not be far distant. As Cardinal O'Connell entered the re-ception-room of the Hotel Somerset, the members of the Irish Society bowed their knees at his feet and kissed the gem in the ring on his hand. Judges of the supreme court of Massachusetts and other officials in high positions bowed the knee and kissed the hand. The whole proceeding harked back to the days of medievalism, when the red caps, frocks, and gowns flourished in the civil courts and swayed the civil scepter. A writer in the Boston Journal made the following very appropriate comment on the affair : " What a misrepres_entation of the meek and lowly Nazarene and of true Christianity was this exaltation and pomp sought by the cardinal on this oc-casion! " While the President has gained the favor of the Catholics by participation in this event, the liberty-loving Americans, who are opposed to the idea of the church's meddling in politics, feel that most vital principles have been violated ; that what its chief executive has gained in this matter has been gained at a fear-ful price which the nation will pay in sorrow not far in the future. The whole affair is regarded as most incongruous, un-American, and antichristian. It has served as an eye-opener and a warning-signal indicating which way the affairs in the nation are tending. We are living over again the days of Constantine. The church and state are passing through the courting transition, and are playing each into the other's hands. If the rulers of this nation employ the same tactics as Constantine did, and follow the course which he took with the Roman Church, the same result will follow here in our time that followed there in his. Is our country to be surrendered into the hands of an ecclesiastical trust with such a history and such a purpose as that of the Roman Church ? South Lancaster. Mass. 