LIBERTY (1071)  21 church, the state from religion; and if we know what is well for us, we shall see to it that the separation is forever maintained. I fancy I can hear the mighty voice of the American people replying as follows to the unreasonable demand of this new party : Š " Under this flag of ours a man may worship as he pleases, or, if he is so inclined, he may not worship at all ; but ' Old Glory' shall never be permitted to throw its protecting folds over the fa-naticism which would reenact among us the horrors of the dark ages." " The Rights of Man" C. E. HOLMES " SUPPOSE one man believes in one God, and another believes in ten; what is that to the first? It neither picks his pocket nor breaks his leg.' Why should he persecute him? " Thus Lorenzo Dow, the " eccentric Methodist preacher," ex-pressed himself regarding liberty of worship. However, his ideas on civil and religious liberty are not " eccentric," unless the opinions of such men as Madison, Jefferson, Washington, and Lincoln on the same question were " ec-centric." In his " Rights of Man," pub-lished nearly one hundred years ago, Lo-renzo Dow makes some observations which are so well stated, and are so much needed to-day, that we quote a few. In defining personal rights, he says: Š " Personal rights are those benefits or privileges which appertain to man in right or by virtue of his existence. Of this kind are all the intellectual rights, or rights of the mind; and also all those rights of acting as an individual for his own comfort and happiness, which are not injurious to the natural or personal rights of others. Of course the rights of the mind, religious liberty, freedom, and independence can not be taken from a man justly, but by his own consent; except only when taken by the laws of the Creator, who gave them, or when forfeited to society by some misde-meanor."Š Page 6. He clearly perceived the difference be-tween tolerance and liberty. There are some, even to-day, who confuse tolera-tion with the true principle of liberty. He continues : Š " Intolerance assumes to itself the right of withholding liberty of con-science. Toleration assumes the right of granting it. Both are despotisms in their nature. Man worships not himself, but his Maker. And liberty of conscience, which he claims, is not for the service of himself, but of his God. In this case, therefore, we must necessarily have the associated ideas of two beings Š the mortal, who renders the worship, and the Immortal Being, who is worshiped. " Toleration, therefore, places itself not between man and man, nor between church and church, nor between one de-nomination of religion and another, but between God and man ; between the be-ing who worships, and the Being who is worshiped ; and by the same act of as-sumed authority by which it tolerates man to pay his worship, it presumptu-ously and blasphemously sets itself up to tolerate the Almighty to receive it."ŠPage 14. To prove the evil of such a position, he gives the following illustration: Š " Suppose a bill was brought into any legislature, entitled ' An act to tolerate or grant liberty to the Almighty to re-ceive the worship of a Jew or Turk,' or, ' to prohibit the Almighty to receive it,' all men would startle and call it blas-phemy. There would be an uproar. The presumption of toleration in religious matters would then present itself un- masked. But the presumption is not the less because the name of man only ap- pears to those laws; for the associated ideas of the worshiper and the worshiped can not be separated. Well may one ex- 