6 LIBERTY Congress, and seeking to crowd in their church-and-state ideas and doctrines. They watch every possible opportunity to tack these onto, or weave these into, some meas-ure coming up for action, as, for instance, the preamble to a constitution, or a pro-vision to an appropriation to some exposi-tion, or a law or amendment for the suppression of polygamy, or the like. They are bound that religion shall be made a matter of law in this country. The Statesman continues: Š Dr. George added that Congress seemed to have grown more godless and secular than when he knew it ten years ago. " I have been saddened and humbled," he writes, " in seeing, hearing, and talking with the members. I feel more and more convinced that the Lord does not mean to convert this nation until he has first brought us to humility by his judgments. The citi-zens in the parable who sent a message after their lord, saying We will not have this man to rule over us,' did not more explicitly reject their rightful ruler than the Congress of the United States is reject-ing Christ to-day." The judgments referred to will doubtless come, and then the National Reform ele-ment throughout the country will raise a great hue and cry that these have come, and that men are so bad, because Congress and the State legislatures have not passed more Sunday laws, and, through these and constitutional amendments and other like measures, compelled men to keep Sunday, worship God, and be good ! And those who have opposed their unchristian, un-American, and anti-Protestant ideas will then be denounced as outlaws and anarch-ists, and deserving of the direst punish-ments. But the real difficulty is with men, rather than with civil governments. Men are un-willing to repent and reform their lives. This is the trouble. The National Reform Association, which talks so much about " reform," is not itself willing to reform and square its life and teachings according to the law of God, which it urges should be declared " the supreme law [of the land] on all moral issues." It is a constant violator both in practise and in teaching of the fourth precept of this law, and in  seeking to force religion on men by law it violates the principles underlying every precept of this code,Š love to God and love to man. Therefore we say, Let men reform, and square their lives by the Bible and the moral law, and we shall hear little more, and shall have little need of hearing more, about " national reform." Is National Reformism a Union of , Church and State? L=  A Communication and Reply , THE following communication has been received from a minister of Portland, Ore., with the request that we reply: Š Editor Liberty. DEAR EDITOR: A recent number of your quarterly was sent to me, presumably from your office, the perusal of which induces me to submit the following suggestions : Š The only organization in this country laboring for, or in favor of, the union of church and state is the papal church, and it does so with the intention that, when its efforts shall have been crowned with success (which God forbid), that " church " will be in supreme control of everything over which floats the stars and stripes. The National Reform Association, and all Christian citizens who are in harmony with that Association (and that includes about all the unbiased followers of Christ in this land), stand a fortress of divine truth against the union of church and state; but just as firmly in favor of the union of the state with the political principles of Christianity in civil government. To say that that would unite church and state is to say the same attitude would unite the family and the state in one organization, which would be a contradiction of the most ancient and plainest facts. The position attempted to be taken by your periodical is the result either of prej-udice or of imperfect information. There is not an infidel, deist, or atheist in the world who believes in any kind of civil government, that will disagree with your position in this matter. You may congrat-ulate yourself that they are all with you; and a numerous increase and enlargement of ranks will be found in all shades and colors of anarchists, and " lewd fellows of the baser sort " generally. I am sure you do not relish the company in which your fallacious position places you. But as 