ABRAHAM LINCOLN 16 LIBERTY in this land that was known in the Old World. Then followed the days of the Revolution, when men declared for " a new order of things." God forbid that that order of things should ever be changed back to the old order of things. There is now a movement on foot in this land to fetter conscience, to bind the souls of men.- It declares that men must be com-pelled by law to rest and worship on the day that human authority has sought to make the Sabbath. That movement for compulsory religion is not a Christian movement. This I know, because the Au-thcr of Christianity, Jesus Christ himself, declared that " if any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." 0 u r blessed Re-deemer said, "As ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so to them." Are you ready to stand by the golden rule? Are you willing to con-cede to other men the same rights that you claim for your-self ? Thomas Jef-ferson declared that " It is impossible for the magistrate to ad-judge the right of preference between the various sects which profess the Christian faith, without erecting a chair of infallibility which would lead us back to the Church of Rome." I ask you, friends, are you ready to be led back to the Church of Rome? Thomas Jefferson knew what he was talking about when he said those words, because the blood of the martyrs had then scarcely ceased to flow. They had a law in those days that all infants should be baptized, and any man who would not permit his child to be bap- tized by sprinkling was to be condemned to imprisonment. Old Father Holmes, here in New England, refused to baptize by sprinkling. He refused to submit to the doctrine of infant baptism, declaring it his God-given right to protest against it. He was sent to prison, and there he lay for  weeks, yea, for months, with only his Bible for a pillow. In those same days they had laws com-pelling men to keep Sunday. Under the old blue-laws a man was fined if he did not attend church regularly on Sunday. Many such oppressive religious measures were imposed upon the people, and the peo-ple suffered it. They drove Roger Wil-liams from his home into the forest, in midwinter, to live among the Indians, who were more hospitable than his persecutors. Do you wonder that after the Revolution the noble men who founded this Republic declared that they would institute a " new order of things "? Do you wonder that Thomas Jefferson declared that to pur-sue the course they had been pursuing meant to " adjudge the right of prefer-ence Łamong the various sects t h a t profess the Chris-tian religion," and that this could not be done without " erecting a chair of infallibility," which, would lead them " back to the Church of Rome "? Speaking on hu-man rights and lib-erties, Abraham Lincoln, who stood for free government, for government of the people, by the peo-ple, and for the people, set forth a principle which I hope will burn itself into all our hearts. He said: " When a man governs himself, that is self-government; but when a man governs himself and another man, that is more than self-government,Š that is tyranny." So we declare that when a man is religious for himself, that is religious freedom; but when a man is religious for himself and for another man, that is relig-ious despotism." May God help us all to be religious ; but each man for himself. Let us not try to govern some one's conscience by our con-science. Let us not attempt to compel some one else to believe as we believe, whether we be Catholic, Protestant, Meth-odist, Baptist, or of some other faith. 