8  LIBERTY philosophy purifies the fountain at its source Ñcleanses the heart. Jefferson recognized that our religion is a religion of the heart, that it is propa-gated from heart to heart; and he recog-nized, too, that the heart controls human life. He was great in his intellect. I know of no mind that our nation has pro-duced that could express itself with more clearness or with more logic ; but I be-lieve that there was in Jefferson that which was greater than his head. It was his heart. Greater than his intellect was his love for all mankind. It has been said that it marks an epoch in history when God lets loose a thinker in the world. God let loose a thinker when Jefferson was born. Carlyle says that thought is stronger than artillery sparks ; that thought molds the world like soft clay ; that it writes and unwrites laws, makes and unmakes parliaments ; and that back of every great thought is love ; that love is the ruling force in the world. I believe it is true. I believe that Jefferson's greatness rests more upon his love of humankind than upon his in-tellect, great as was his intellect, and that he was great because his heart was big enough to embrace the world. And the people loved him " because he first loved " them. He wanted our religion to rest on the basis of love, and not on the basis of force ; and when we get down to the foundation of our govern-ment and the foundation of our religion, we find that they alike rest on the doc-trine of human brotherhood,Ñ on the doctrine " that all men are created equal," " that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights," Ñ rights that government did not give. rights that government cannot take away; that the object of government is to secure to the individual the enjoyment of his inalienable rights, and that govern-ments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. But all of these things rest upon that conception of human brotherhood which one cannot have unless he has the love that is back of every great thought. I believe that when Jefferson assisted in establishing religious freedom, he assisted in giving to our government its strongest support. Chain the conscience, bind the heart, and you cannot have for the support of our ' form of government the strength and the enthusiasm it deserves. But let con-science be free to commune with its God, let the heart be free to send forth its love, and the conscience and the heart will be the best defenders of a govern-ment resting upon the consent of the governed. I believe that Jefferson gave a com-plete theory of government when he gave us the doctrine of the Declaration of In-dependence; and he gave us the two great supports of free government when he gave us universal education and an un-fettered conscience. . . . I thank God that Jefferson's memory needs no marble or bronze to perpetuate it. Erect your monument as high as you can, make it of material as enduring as you may, time will finally destroy it ; the years will come and go, and at last that monument will disappear ; but there is in the hearts of the people a monument that time cannot touch, and this monument, growing as the world grows, increasing as civilization increases, is a greater monument than the hand of man can rear. And as people measure the influ-ence of Jefferson upon the destinies of the human race, they will be convinced that the Bible is true when it says that " it is more blessed to 'give than to re-ceive," for he gave the largest measure of service that man ever gave to man. Ñ Introduction to " The Writings of Thomas Jefferson," Memorial Edition, Vol. VIII. (By permission.) 