LIBERTY 33 directs. Š Pope Marcellus's Decrees, Corpus Juris Canonici, part 2, chapter 18. As " Rome never changes," that decree stands to-day as authoritative as on the day on which it was written ; and if that church is infallible, the decree must be true and be Rome's policy to the end of time. But we have a more recent ut-terance from a pope which is in perfect harmony with the decree of Pope Mar-cellus, and is also a direct contradiction of the words used by Cardinal Gibbons. Pope Leo XIII says : Š It is in no way lawful to demand, to defend, or to grant promiscuous freedom of thought, of speech, of writing, or of religion, as if they were so many rights which nature had given to man.Š En-cyclical on Liberty, issued June 20, 1888. Is the Catholic Church in America in rebellion against the hierarchy of Rome? Does the cardinal mean what he says when he declares the Catholics of Amer-ica and the priesthood of America would oppose with all their strength any change in the guaranties of our government re-specting freedom of religious worship? If he does, then the Catholic Church in America iŁs in rebellion against the hier-archy of Rome. If he means what he says in defending freedom of religious worship in America, he is doing an un-lawful thing, according to the above de-cree of Leo XIII, and is himself in dan-ger of excommunication. Pope Gregory IX spoke substantially as follows in regard to this matter of freedom of worship : Š The secular powers shall swear to ex-terminate all heretics condemned by the church ; and if they do not, they shall be anathema.Š Decretals of Gregory IX, book 5, title 7. Equally decisive and equally contra-dictory to the expressions used by Car-dinal Gibbons is the following from the " Directory of the Inquisition : "Š A heretic merits the pains of fire. By  the gospel, the canons, civil law, and cus-tom, heretics may be burned.ŠPart 2, chapter 2. The following editorial utterance in the Western Watchman (Roman Cath- olic) of Dec. 24, 1908, presents the mat-ter' as it is ; but it does not agree with the words used by Cardinal Gibbons : Š Protestants were persecuted in France and Spain with the full approval of the church authorities. We have always de-fended the persecution of the Huguenots and the Spanish Inquisition. Wherever and whenever there is honest Catholicity, there will be a clear distinction drawn between truth and error, and Catholicity and all forms of heresy. When she thinks it good to use physical force, she will use it. . . . But will the Catholic Church give bond that she will not perse-cute at all? Will she guarantee absolute freedom and equality of all churches and all faiths? The Catholic Church gives no bond for her good behavior. The statements of Cardinal Gibbons in this matter are thus directly contradicted by the highest authority in his church and by at least one of the leading Catholic journals in his official see. What about the declaration that Cath-olic teaching clearly defines the distinc-tion between the civil and ecclesiastical powers, and that " neither has the right to meddle in the affairs of the other "? In this matter also we hear one speaking who is of higher authority in the Catholic Church than Cardinal Gibbons. In the syllabus of December, 1864, issued by Pope Pius IX, there is given a list of condemned doctrines, and among those condemned doctrines is this that " the church ought to be separated from the state and the state from the church." Therefore, if Cardinal Gibbons has se-riously adopted the doctrine of the sepa- ration of church and state, he has adopted a doctrine condemned by the highest au- thority in his church, and has laid him-self open to the charge of heresy and rebellion against the church. But has 