" TO THE LAW AND TO THE TESTIMONY " 30  LIBERTY make any law that is contrary to the law of God, and that when they do so, men have a right to disregard such laws, and to obey the higher law of God. Earthly rulers are not the highest rulers. " There be higher than they." Eccl. 5: 8. In His Word, God says: " Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and Him only shalt thou serve." Darius, king of Persia, made a decree that for thirty days no one should pray to any god or man save himself. Three times a day, ninety times in all, Daniel disregarded this law and prayed to the God of heaven. He was cast into the den of lions; but God sent His angel and protected him from harm. From this we may learn that no earthly power has a right to come between another soul and God; that when it does, it usurps the place and power of God, and persecution inevitably follows. Christ commissioned His apostles to go and preach in all the world the good tidings of salvation through His name, beginning at Jerusalem. They did as commanded; but the Jewish authorities objected, and cast them into prison. But an angel of the Lord opened the prison doors, and said to the apostles: " Go, stand and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life." They obeyed. Again the au-thorities arrested them, and asked, " Did not we straitly command you that ye should not teach in this name?" " Then Peter and the other apostles answered and said, We ought to obey God rather than men." Acts 5 : 29. Like many to-day, the emperor Diocletian held that religion must form the basis of any permanent system of government. To save the empire from ruin, therefore, he called for a general revival of the pagan worship. The Christians refused to take part in this revival. Being but a small minority of the population, only one twelfth, Diocletian thought they should yield their peculiar faith, and unite in worship with the ¥masses. But they thought otherwise; whereupon, urged by the fanatical Galerius, and particularly by the priests of the pagan cult, who saw that their influence was being undermined through the spread of the new  religion, Diocletian began a most bitter per-secution against the Christians, which lasted for ten years, from 303-313 A. IL, foretold by Christ in Rev. 2: TO. But neither the revival of the state-established and state-enforced religion nor the persecution saved the empire. It fell. Modern church-and-state reformers would do well to study this lesson. The religion that will save men and nations from ruin can not be established or enforced by law. It is the religion estab-lished in the heart by faith which works by love and purifies the soul. After referring to the Sunday laws of 321, 386, and 425 A. D., Neander, the his-torian, says: " In this way the church re-ceived help from the state for the further- ante of her ends." In other words, in this way church and state were united in the fourth and fifth centuries. What united church and state then will unite them again. The friends of Sunday legislation would do well to study this lesson also. The first Sunday law forbade labor on the part of certain classes in the towns and cities only; the second law prohibited all work on Sunday; and the third forbade all plays and shows on this day, in order that the churches might have no competition; and still later Sunday laws, not only on the Continent and in England, but in some of the American colonies as well, required church attendance under fine, whipping, and even the death penalty. These are lessons which should be most carefully studied just now. RELIGION ceases to be religion in propor-tion as it is forced. 