LIBERTY 11 for the rest of man and brute and the wor-ship of Almighty God. This is obvious from words and phrases employed and sentiments expressed therein, manifesting the benign spirit and beautiful charity of Christianity. To the end that a due observance of this day shall be had, the arm of the civil law is interposed by means of the Sunday laws for the purpose of enforcing cessation of all labors other than those impelled by the necessities and the Christian motives of love, as manifested through charity. While the Sunday laws command a cessation of labors on that day, they do not interfere with the free exer-cise of conscience in respect to matters of religion. Every, person may worship or not, as he feels inclined after communion with his own soul. However, these laws reckon with the well-known fact that as a Christian peo-ple the larger element of our citizenship conscientiously believe the Sabbath to be hallowed time which should be devoted to rest and worship rather than to business pursuits. That these good people may en-joy the right of conscience in the fullest measure and devote the day to repose and the worship of Deity without being molested or chagrined by the noise and turmoil inci-dent to the pursuits of active business, these penal provisions have been enacted. Such is the fundamental notion involved in the Sunday laws, as we understand it. The position of the court is perfectly clear, and its reasoning would be altogether fitting for an ecclesiastical council of the Middle Ages. When shorn of its smooth phraseology, the opinion might be stated in words like these: The constitution and laws of the State of Missouri were made by professed Christians and for professed Christians; they were especially designed for the benefit of those who believe that Sunday is the sabbath; this is plain from " the benign spirit " permeating them; the majority believe that the Sunday sabbath should be devoted to religious exercises; and in order that "these good people may enjoy the right of conscience," all other people are compelled to keep quiet on Sun-day, lest these " good people " should be " chagrined" by seeing some one else doing what they believe to be wrong. Thus the rights of conscience of all who are not classed among " these good people " are openly ignored in the supposed interest of  the religion of the majority, while the un-fortunate minority are blandly told that such laws " do not interfere with the free exercise of conscience in respect to matters of religion," inasmuch as thus far no one is compelled to go through with the actual forms of worship ! And all this is the evi-dent meaning of the constitution and laws of the State of Missouri, which are per-meated with " the benign spirit and beauti-ful charity of Christianity "! Is it any wonder that many honest-hearted men are openly scoffing at such Christianity as this? We wish it to be distinctly understood that LIBERTY does not believe in nor advocate that kind of Christianity. Neither did Christ. Such an argument as this, plainly stated, brings out in bold relief the iniquity of religious legislation, and shows how its advocates and defenders are led to ignore the simplest and most fundamental prin-ciples of civil and religious liberty in the attempt to justify laws which in reality compel the conscience. Such an opinion as this one rendered by the St. Louis court of appeals practically recognizes a union of church and state, and affords little basis of hope for religious liberty within the juris-diction of that court. Some one ought to conduct a campaign in behalf of the rights of conscience in the State of Missouri. In Oklahoma A SUNDAY bill has been introduced into the first session of the legislature of the new State of Oklahoma. It is patterned after the typical Sunday bill, with the pos-sible exception that the exemption clauses are broader than usual. From some of the provisions of this bill any person is exempt " who conscientiously believes that the sev-enth or any other day of the week ought to be observed as the Sabbath, and who does actually refrain from business and labor on that day for religious reasons." This exemption clause is sufficient, if there were nothing else to indicate it, to betray the true character of the bill. It is religious legislation and in the interest of a 