EDITORIAL TRUE Americanism means loyalty to true American principles. 0/ At .4 AMERICA stands for religious liberty to all, and not for mere religious toler-ation toward any. 01 IV !V THE American idea of civil govern-ment places the inalienable rights of the individual above every other interest the state was ordained to protect. tt AMERICAN principles of civil govern-ment are unalterably opposed to a legal acknowledgment or establishment of any religion. !V  tV GOVERNMENT was not instituted to defend the majority. The majority are capable of taking care of themselves. But it was divinely ordained to protect the natural rights of the helpless minor-ity, which are just as sacred as those of the majority. % 01 t THE true American principle of lib-erty is to recognize the equal rights of all citizens in matters of conscience, whether they are believers in religion or unbelievers. It says to the believers of all religion that it will recognize none, so all may stand on the same equality before the law. It says to the Sabba-tarian that he has as much right to work on Sunday as the Sunday-keeper has to work on Saturday. It says that religion or non-religion, with all its attendant functions, shall forever rest upon volun-tary acts. Since the state is the creature of all its citizens and is equally supported by all, to be just to all, it must maintain a neutral and impartial attitude toward all its citizens in religious matters. 166 AMERICANISM means equality of rights to all, with special privileges to none. 01 Or to1 AMERICANISM iS a synonym for " civil and religious liberty," for " separation of church and state," and for liberty to worship or not to worship as each may choose. i* fEE THE free institutions and equal priv-ileges established by the American fa-thers in the Constitution for the benefit of the individual citizen, have made America the utopia of nations, the land of promise, a refuge for the oppressed, and a marvel among governments. s.V THE American government was the first to recognize the right of each indi-vidual to choose his own religion, and freely to exercise its functions, without state interference, so long as the exer-cise of his rights do not invade the equal rights of others. Any idea that is op-posed to this principle is anti-American. ft1 THE founders of this government de-cided not to recognize any religion in a legal sense in the civil statutes, not be-cause they were hostile to God or Chris-tianity, but they purposely avoided leg-islating upon the subject because of their friendliness to religion. They made no mistake. They knew that the only safe and permanent basis upon which to found religion was not to place its es-tablishment upon the uncertain and fickle ground of popular opinion and the decisions of national assemblies, but to let it rest where Christ placed it Ñ upon himself, the immovable Rock against which the gates of hell were not to pre-vail. In thus separating religion from 