HON. JAS. P. MAHER OF NEW YORK 60 LIBERTY be desirable to permit a situation to exist where a large quantity of nonmailable matter is being transmitted through the mails Š al-though it is a violation of the statute and prohibited by the statute Š because of the dif-ficulties of administration. Mr. Finley, a member of the commit- tee, sought persistently to ascertain what was the influence back of this attack upon the freedom of the press. Mr. Fitzgerald as persistently refused to dis- close that influence ; and yet all present knew what force was pressing t h e Congressmen t o enact such meas-ures. The discus-sion was intensely interesting: Š Mr. Finley: Now every proposed law and every law which is enacted is sup-posed to rest on some necessity or some duty that the legislature has t o perform for the pub-lic, and there must necessarily be in your mind some ne-cessity for this. Mr. Fitzgerald : There is. I called at-tention to what the Postmaster-General said. Mr. Finley: I un-derstand t h a t. But everything that has been said up to this t i m e, substantially speaking, is in a general way and without ref-erence to facts. The gentleman must have in his mind some particular basis which he wishes to correct by the passage of his Mr. Fitzgerald: I would suggest that if the committee desires that particular information so that no injustice might be done anybody, and so that they would know exactly the character of the matter aimed at, they invite the Post-office Department to submit to this committee the offensive and objectionable mat-ter which has been specifically pointed out to that department, and upon which it refuses to act.. . . Mr. Fitzgerald: If you wish me to make a statement in which I shall name some partic-ular individual or some particular publica-tion Š Mr. Finley: (Interposing) That the law does not now cover. Mr. Fitzgerald: I do not think it is desir-able for me to do so, because I do not be-lieve that the question whether we should exclude this particular class of material from the mails should resolve itself into an issue as to whether any particular publication should be permitted to continue or not. . . . Mr. Finley : Leaving that aside, does not the gentleman think that before a publication is barred from the mails there should be some appeal to the courts, and the courts should be allowed to settle and decide that issue? Why should the gentleman leave it to the discretion of the Postmaster-General? Mr. ,Fitzgexald : There is no appeal to the courts now as to any publication that is excluded; there is no provision for that.. . . Mr. Steenerson : Mr. Finley's sugges-tion would be to pro-vide for the determi-nation beforehand as to whether a man was engaged in that business so as to be outlawed so far as the mail service was concerned. Mr. Fitzgerald : I have no objection to that, but I think there should be a universal rule of ac-tion fixed as to all classes of mail to he excluded. . . . T h e Congress-men who followed Mr. Fitzgerald re-vealed very plainly the influence that was pressing for these measures. Their speeches and their an-swers showed that the purpose of the bills under discussion was to protect the Catholic Church from the attacks of anti-Catholic journals. The second speaker was Mr. Jas. A. Gallivan, the author of two of the bills referred to. He said, in part: Š I want to say to the committee that I do not believe there is any reasonable man in this country who believes that our mails should be used for the circulation of " scandalous, scurrilous, indecent, or immoral books, , pam-phlets, pictures, prints, engravings, lithographs, photographs, or other publications which are, or are represented to be, a reflection on any 