42 LIBERTY shout come from your breasts before this breach : Long life to the third Italy ! The Pope, in a Letter to One of His Cardinals, Makes Reply Cardinal, an event of exceptional grav-ity moves us to address to you to-day our word to express to you the deep grief of our soul. Two days ago a public functionary, in the exercise of his power, not satisfied to celebrate solemnly the an-niversary of the day in which the sacred rights of the pontifical sovereignty were trampled upon, lifted his voice to hurl scorn and insult against the doctrines of the Catholic faith, against the vicar of Christ on earth, and also against the church. Speaking in the name of Rome, which should be according to authorita-tive agreements, the honored and peace-ful abode of the pontiff, he assailed also our spiritual jurisdiction, impudently de-nouncing and ridiculing before the public even the acts of our apostolic ministry. To this audacious attack upon the insti-tution given by Christ, our Lord, to Peter and to his successors, he added blasphe-mous thoughts and words, and dared to incite others publicly against the author-ity of its councils. And since to hatred of the church is naturally added a hatred more violent for every manifestation of Christian piety, he did not draw back before the wicked sand antisocial proposition of of-fending the religious sentiment of a be-lieving people. Because of this mass of impious accu-sations, so uncalled for and altogether blasphemous, we are compelled to raise high our voice of just indignation and of protest, and at the same time, through you, cardinal, to call the attention of our children of Rome to the many affronts ever greater, against the Catholic religion, given in the name of public authority, in the very seat itself of the Roman pon-tificate. Certainly this last and most grievous exhibition has not escaped the notice of all the faithful of the Catholic world. It has offended, we are sure, all those who united with our dear children of  Rome to raise with fervor their prayer to the Most High, to the end that he may arise to the defense of his divine spouse, the church, thus basely made the object of calumny ever more venomous and of attacks ever more violent, because of the unpunished boldness of its enemies. We express our hopes that, for the honor of the Eternal City, they may not allow these intolerable attacks to be made again. And now, cardinal, as token of our special good-will, we impart to your heart the apostolic benediction. The Mayor Makes Public Reply For the acts of my office I am respon-sible to the council, to the competent au-thorities from whom I receive my office. There is published in answer to my discourse of September 20, a letter front the high pontiff to his most eminent car-dinal, calling the attention of the citizens of Rome, of Italy, of the whole world, to my words. Respect for all civili  so-ciety demands a further word. He, raging from the Vatican against the one who is in the mayor's office on.  the Capitoline, does he not make clearer the subject of my discourse, the contrast between the Rome of the past and the of the present? Am I at fault, as he says, " on the an-niversary of that day in which the sacred rights of the pontifical sovereignty were-trampled upon ; " " committing offenses. ever greater against the Catholic relig-ion "? Have I " raised my voice to hurl scorn and insult against the vicar of Christ on earth "? or have I not rather placed before the eyes of the citizens a faithful mirror, that all might see for themselves reflected the events of the past, those events contrasted with an-other government, another will, other teachings, other aspirations? I am not the author or inventor of the-ban driving from the schools and semi-naries. all secular periodicals. Not I the-one to conceive solemn condemnations against Christian democracy, against the Modernists. against the Sillnnists. against-all who act zealously in the search of a‚. 