LIBERTY 29 bill, gentlemen, there were some rather important statements made, that I have not time to read. But one senator, speaking of the innocent beginnings of such a law, said that out of this grows some very serious things, and lie traced it from' such a bill as this up to compulsory church attendance ; and he said all these things have " innocent begin-nings." Now I claim this is simply the innocent beginning that means much more in the future. This tends to decide a re-ligious controversy. It is appar-ent to you, gentlemen, at once, when this matter comes up, that there are parties here before you who observe different days of the week. I observe the sev-enth day of the week. But let me say to you gentlemen, that I would not come in here to ask you for legislation in favor of the seventh day of the week. There are sixty to seventy thou-sand persons in this country who demonstrate every day in the year that it is perfectly possible for citizens to respect and observe the day of their choice without asking for any legislation in any way pertaining to their day of rest. Not a Mere Theory We are charged with working on the-ory. This is no theory. I have had an experience of nearly half a century, and I can testify, both in business and in other lines of operation, that it is pos-sible for a man to close his business on the day that he conscientiously believes to be the Sabbath, because he chooses to do so. But to ask for legislation to close certain business to prevent some one else from getting my business, is a queer sort of legislation. For over half a century there has been this body of people Š Seventh-day Ad-ventists. They do not work on the sev-enth day of the week. If by reason of that they' miss their employment. they HAAKON VII, KING OF NORWAY seek it elsewhere ; but they put con-science and the authority of God's Word above the question of whether or not they get a satisfactory place to work. And they observe the day without any legislation. This is not theory, but a fact. We are not speaking purely upon theory, and we are not asking Š in fact, we are opposed to Š legislation that would favor any day of the week, for the reason, as I have stated, that any legislation favoring any day of the week as above any other day of the week must rest upon religious ground, however much you may disguise it. How Public Worship Should Be Protected REPRESENTATIVE CAMPBELL : Sup-pose that within three rods of any church there was being reared a build-ing ten stories high, and there were one hundred workmen on it. Suppose that while church was going on next door, 