20 LIBERTY Sunday legislation have stated their true position, as follows: ' When you take the religion out of the day, you take the rest out of it.' This shows that it is a religious institution that they desire enforced, and not a civil one." The closing address was by W. A. West-worth, who set forth the truth that might does not make right, and that law loses its just force when it intervenes between a man and the liberties granted him of Heaven. Christ was crucified because of the clamor of a misguided element, who declared, " We have a law, and by our law he ought to die." The speaker claimed that this spirit which is here at work to enforce an iniquitous law, is of the same nature as that which put to death the Son of .God. The cry to-day is, " We have a law compelling the closing of all places of business on Sunday, and by that law they must be closed." He presented a graphic illustration of Christ be-fore Pilate, and showed that the law which now is upon the statute-books of the State is a blot on the escutcheon of the common-wealth. He appealed to the people to use their utmost efforts to eradicate a system which seeks to make men righteous by force, and urged that they labor to preserve that liberty which is the God-given heritage of every individual. The writer does not question the sin-cerity of the good women referred to in the Sunday-closing crusade, which they have been carrying on. It is hoped, how-ever, that they will see the error of the course they are pursuing. We would rec-ommend to this band of Christian women that they withdraw at once from the cru-sade they have been carrying on so vigor-ously, and adopt the principle contained in the golden rule taught by Christ, which says, " Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." This rule, if practised, will put an end to every Sunday law and to the enforcement of any religious practise. Let those who are seeking to reform society by civil law, remember the language of Christ in John 12: 47, 48: " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came rot to judge the world. put to save the world. He that rejecteth me, and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him: the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day." Some California Sunday,Law History J. 0. CORLISS IT has frequently been asserted that Cal-ifornia is one State in the American Union which has no Sunday law. This statement, however, should be somewhat modified. True, the Sunday law enacted in 1858 was repealed in 1883, because of its having been declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of the State. Another law which took effect April 16, 1880, prohibiting the work of bakers from 6 r. Ib1. on Saturday to 6 P. M. on Sunday (Stats. 1880, page 8o),-was also declared unconstitutional. (Ex-parte Westerfield, 55 Cal. 550.) Notwithstanding all this, the religious element of California was not satisfied, and pushed matters until a law was secured Ša one-day-rest-ir-seven law, not a Sunday law Š which was approved Feb. 27, 1893. (Stats. 93, page 54.) This law reads as follows: Š " SECTION 1.Š Every person employed in any occupation of labor shall be entitled to one day's rest therefrom in seven, and it shall be unlawful for any employer of labor to cause his employees, or any of them, to work more than six days in seven; pro-vided, however, that the provisions of this section shall not apply to any case of emergency. " SEC. 2.Š For the purposes of this act, the term ' day's rest ' shall mean and apply to all cases, whether the employee is en-gaged by the day, week, or month, or. year, and whether the work perforined is done in the day or night time. " SEC. 3.Š Any person violating the pro-visions of this act shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor. " SEc. 4.Š This act shall take effect and be in force thirty days from and after its passage."Š Penal Code, page 722. This was all that the church people dared to ask for at the time. The requirements of this enactment were so mild that it went through without opposition. But the very mildness of it made it of no effect; for, while it is yet a part of the statute law of California, there is net a case, on record where its provisions have once been en-forced in any court of law. It was one step, however, toward that which was in-tended to be. Nearly every time the legislature has 