26  LIBERTY away, and " departed again into a moun-tain himself alone." John 6: 15. And when Pilate asked him "Art thou a king then? " Christ answered, " My king-dom is not of this world." John 18: 33-37. Inspiration clearly sets forth the differ-ence between Christ's kingdom and the kingdoms of this world. 1. Christ's kingdom is not set up until after the great judgment; it will take the place of all these earthly kingdoms; and it will be an everlasting kingdom. Daniel 2; Daniel 7; Rev. 4: 15-18; Ps. 2 : 7-9. 2. It will be composed of only those who choose to accept the conditions prescribed in the gospel of the kingdom, preached, not by civil rulers, nor in demonstration of civil law, nor " through the gateway of politics," but by Christ's servants and ambassadors, with " the Holy Ghost sent down from heaven." Hell. 2 : 1-4; Rev. 3:5; i John 5: 1-4; Rev. 22: 14-17; I Peter 1:12. 3. In the great work of bringing sinners to Christ and preparing them for a place in his kingdom, the results are wrought by the Spirit of the Lord. Isa. 9 : 6, 7; Zech. 4: 6- 4. Those who have part in Christ's king-dom will, if dead, be raised from the dead, and immortalized " at his appearing and his kingdom." 1 Cor. 15:51-56; I Thess. 4 : 13-18 ; 2 Tim. 4 : 1-8. 5. Christ's kingdom will be a universal kingdom, and " will not be left to other people; " its people shall no more say, " I am sick; " neither will there be any more to sadden or annoy, for " God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor crying, neither shall there be any more pain; for the former things are passed away." Dan. 2 : 44; Isa. 33: 24; Rev. 21 : 4. It should ever be borne in mind that earthly kingdoms, or civil governments, are ordained for a specific purpose, that of dealing with men in their civil relations one with another during earth's period of crime and sin; whereas the church is to call out from the peoples, tongues, and nations of the world all who will choose to accept Christ as their Saviour and King. There need be no confusion upon this subject at all if men will but get hold of the great principle laid down by Christ, " Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." Legislative Superstition EUGENE LELAND - LINE religion, legislation has its supersti-tions; and they are clung to as tenaciously as are the superstitions of religion or the common superstitions of every-day life¥with which we are all more or less familiar. Ask a devotee of one of these superstitions to regard it as such, and to relinquish it on that account, and he would look upon your proposition as sacriligious, or something worse, and regard you as an anarchist. He would as soon think of planting his potatoes in the new of the moon, or expecting good luck if he should have the misfortune to see the new moon for the first time over his left shoulder. It will be impossible in a short article to enumerate all the superstitions connected with legislation, and we will therefore con-tent ourselves with a brief notice of the one which, in our opinion, has caused more trouble to the world than any other, and which is destined to cause yet more mis-chief and trouble to the world. It is the old superstition of " the divine right of kings " revived in the form of the divine right of majorities in legislative assemblies to legislate on all matters whatsoever. Is a reform called for in the body politic? Ñ Appeal to the Legislature! And it does not matter what the character of the reform may be, whether political, social, religious, or something else, an act of Congress is all that is supposed to be nec-essary in order to secure it. " Oh, an Act of Congress can do anything," is the reply made to a citizen who questions the legit-imacy of some arbitrary State interference; and the citizen stands paralyzed! It does not seem to occur to him to question either the source or the legality of such omnipo-tent power. Or if in a humble manner he does question.  it, he is again paralyzed by the force of public opinion which, from a political, a social, or a religious standpoint, according to the nature of the proposed re-form, is brought to bear upon him. This is especially true in regard to relig-ious legislation. Though there are some, perhaps many, who do not have a thorough understanding of the relation that should exist between religion and the state, yet it is a fact that many of those who are thor-oughly informed in regard to this point are 