66  LIBERTY that not one dollar appropriated to them shall go to the support of any sectarian school. Resolve that neither State nor nation shall support any institution save those where every child may get a com-mon school education, unmixed with any atheistic, pagan, or sectarian teaching. Leave the matter of religious teaching to the family altar, the church, and the pri- vate school supported entirely by private contribution. Keep the church and 'state forever separate." The highest regard that can be had for religion is to recognize that God, who is its author, will care for it, and that its support and furtherance do not depend upon its enforcement by civil law. College Place, Wash. Patriotism; in What Does It Consist? SANFORD B. HORTON " WHAT constitutes a state ? Not high-raised battlements or labored mound, Thick wall, or moated gate; Not cities proud, with spires and turrets crowned ; Not bays and broad-armed ports, Where, laughing at the storm, rich navies ride; Nor starred and spangled courts, Where low-browed baseness wafts per- fume to pride. No! Men, high-minded men, With powers as far above dull brutes en- dued, In forest, brake, or den, As beasts excel cold rocks and brambles rude; Men who their duties know, But know their rights, and, knowing, dare maintain. Prevent the long-aimed blow, And crush the tyrant, while, they rend the chain,Ñ These constitute a state." Ñ Sir W. Jones, in " Truths Illustrated." Patriotism is defined by the lexicog-rapher to be " devotion to one's country," and patriot to be " one who loves his country and zealously guards its wel-fare." The term may be further defined by reference to notable expressions; such as,Ñ " No nation can expect to prosper and become great without ardent and devoted patriotism; it is irresistible, unconquer-able, universal."Ñ Lord Acton. " He cares too much for his country to  uphold her in any wrong. He does not reserve his patriotism until he has a chance to die for his country; he lives for her."Ñ The True Patriot, in " Holy-days and Holidays," page 637. It may be safely claimed that patriot-ism received one of its greatest baptisms of fire during the early preliminaries con-nected with the founding of the United States of America. No men ever had such a commission as was given the founders of this government. Here were to be exemplified heaven-born principles, eternal in character and boundless in their application. Here were to be brought to successful fruition the ideals of man in his relation to his fellow man and to his God, as enunciated by the Christ; namely, " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are CTsar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." The familiar lines by Bishop Berkeley cannot be too often repeated : Ñ " Westward the course of empire takes its way ; The first four acts already past, A fifth shall close the drama with the day; Time's noblest offspring is the last." The verdict of the world as to the mar-velous growth, resources, and noble prin-ciples of this young " giant of the West " is too well known to need repeating; and yet if " eternal vigilance is the price of liberty," it is well to pause occasionally and count our many blessings, and at the 