ROGER WILLIAMS WANDERING IN RHODE ISLAND FORESTS LIBERTY 19 result in persecution. They go beyond their sphere. Laws of the land that modify, change, or interfere with the law of God, transcend the powers conferred, and are not respected by the courts of heaven. The Sabbath is not a civil rest day, as some courts have ingeniously held in order to avoid the question of religion, but it is a divine institution, given to man direct from the hands of God. The law of the land that attempts to regulate its observance, or to define what day is the Sabbath, unites the state with the church, and sets a precedent that is dangerous to religious liberty, and can but be productive of evil. What Were the Principles for Which Roger Williams Was Banished ? A New England Story and Its Lesson W., A. COLCORD THE name of Roger Williams stands inti-mately connected not only with the early history of America, but with one of the great principles upon which the American gov-ernment w a s founded, and which has made this nation great. Of him the historian Bancroft says : " He was the first person in modern Chris-tendom to assert in its plenitude the doctrine of the liberty of con-science." Another says : " He was the first true type of the American freeman, conceding fully to others the high-born rights which he claimed for himself." Why He Was Banished F o r asserting a n d maintaining this doc-trine of religious freedom, he was banished, in 1635, from the colony of Massachusetts, and fled in the depths of winter to what is now known as Providence, Rhode Island. Here for fourteen weeks, without bread or bed, he wandered among the forests, asso-ciating with the Indians, and receiving from them the hospitalities denied him by his fellow countrymen. Like most of the other New England col-onies, Massachusetts had an established religion. Puritanism, with its rigorous ex-actions and its law requiring church attend-ance on Sunday, had been made the estab-lished religion of the colony. Those who had fled from religious oppression in the Old World to find religious freedom in the New, through establishing their own re-ligion by law, themselves became oppressors of men's consciences. Speaking of the results of this religious establishment, Francis Wayland says: Š " Our Puritan ancestors drove away the Baptists, and, as I fear we must allow, hung the Quakers. . . . The origin of their error was a mistake as to the limits of human responsibility. When they had once taken it for granted that they were responsible for the correctness of the religious belief of their fellow men, and that therefore they were at liberty to use all the physical power which God had placed in their hands to propagate truth, and to arrest the progress of error, persecution followed, of course." Against this spiritual tyranny in the New World, Roger Williams raised his voice in protest. He maintained that the power of the civil magistrate extends only to civil things, and that no man can be held re-sponsible to his fellow man for his religious belief. For this he was charged with teach-ing " new and dangerous opinions against the authority of the magistrates," and was expelled from the colony. 