40 (109.) LIBERTY as it violates no law of the land and no contractual right of any one,Š if you are going to uphold that kind of religious freedom, you can not pass this bill. What authority have we, whence do we derive authority, under the Consti-tution to enact legislation that will in-terfere with the personal action of a citizen that is in violation of no law applicable to the whole country? Where else in the United States does such a law  the United States Senate, Sunday laws are viewed by some as religious, and therefore not in keeping with the Amer-ican idea of civil government, while on the other hand there are those who are ready to accept the National Reform Association conception of civil govern-ment, and use the power of the state to enforce what they consider God's will. PORTION OF PROCESSION, AMERICAN See article as this exist? Are we going to have one code of morals in force by virtue of a law of Congress in the District of Columbia, and allow people to go right outside into the State of Maryland and perform the acts that they are not allowed to perform in the District of Columbia ? In reply to a question from Senator Gallinger, Senator Heyburn asked : Š Would the senator be in favor of en-acting a law such as this, if we had the power, that should be applicable to the whole nation ? MR. GALLINGER : I would on this sub-ject. I do not know that I would take the exact phraseology of this bill: but I would in, a general way. From the above it may be noted that in FEDERATION OF CATHOLIC SOCIETIES on page 24 It should be stated that the bill above referred to is still on the Senate calen-dar, and an attempt will be made to p4ss it at the regular session of Congress, which begins December 4. Every, Amer-ican citizen should send to the Senate, by that time, an earnest protest against any legislation by Congress upon religious questions. S. B. H. International Christian Endeavor Convention THE Twenty-fifth International Chris-tian Endeavor Convention was held on the Million Dollar Pier at Atlantic City, N. J., July 6-12, 1911. It is reported 