32 LIBERTY Concerning the same matter, the House Committee on March 5, 183o, said: Š If Congress shall, by the authority of law, sanction the measure recommended, it would con-stitute a legislative decision of a religious contro-versy, in which even Christians themselves are at issue. However suited such a decision may be for an ecclesiastical council, it is incompatible with a republican legislature, which is purely for political and not for religious purposes. . . . df the measure recommended should be adopted, it would be difficult for human sagacity to foresee how rapid would be the succession, or how nu-merous the train of measures which would follow, involving the dearest rights of all Š the rights of conscience. That is what Congress, in 1829 and 1830, saw in such legislation as that proposed in the foregoing bills. The danger exists to-day as really as it did then. With the national government committed to one act of religious legislation, a precedent is es-tablished for anything in that nature that may be demanded of our legislators ; and with such a course once sanctioned by the federal government, there would begin an endless procession of religious enactments in every State in the Union. Religious liberty has been purchased at too great a sacrifice to be lightly flung to the winds now. The blessings that have sprung from it have been too great and too far-reaching to justify us in turning again to the old regime that molded religion by court and jail and fagot, and put fetters upon the mind and conscience. The two other Sunday bills now in Con-gress, H. R. 13,471 and S. 3940, calling for the prohibition of work and the closing of certain places of business in the District of Columbia on Sunday, are of the same char-acter as those already noticed, and should not be passed. Religious Motto on Coins S. E. HORTON IF one were to judge of the quality and degree of Christianity which we profess by some of the utterances used to denounce President Roosevelt for recommending the disuse of the motto, " In God We Trust," from the new coinage, he would be led to conclusions that would be far from compli-mentary. In morals and in behalf of the " eternal fitness of things," the President's position is proper and tenable ; and the furor made by a large number of religious  leaders in this country is indicative not only of a lack of comprehension of the sphere of civil government, but of the determined demand that America shall assume the form of religion at least. The United States is the only nation which has so fully incorporated into its charter and Constitution the principles enunciated by Jesus Christ; namely, " Ren-. der to Cesar the things that are Csar's, and to God the things that are God's." The circumstance which leads to this teaching should be referred to, as the subject of money is made part of the incident. An attempt was made to get Jesus to say something of seditious character, which could he used against him by the civil government. This is always the policy of religious persecutors. He was asked, " Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar ? " He replied, " Show me the tribute money. . . . Whose image and superscription is this ? " " Cxsar's." " Render unto Cxsar the things that are Cxsar's, and to God the things that are God's." Up to that time there had been no relig-ious inscriptions upon coins; and for the most part, images of the ruling family were used. Hence Cxsar, having coined the money, his image and superscription were found thereon. It remained for _:on-stantine the Great, the so-called first Chris-tian emperor, to mint a coin of significant character. About the time of the issuing of the first Sunday law, A. D. 321, or soon thereafter, Constantine had some coins made; and according to Stanley's "History of the Eastern Church," " his coins bore on the one side the letters of the name of Christ, on the other the figure of the sun-god and the inscription, tSol invictus ' [the unconquerable sun], as if he could not bear to relinquish the patronage of the bright luminary which represented to him, as to Augustus and to Julian, his own guardian deity." There is an interesting parallel between the times of Constantine and our own, when we consider the Sunday law and coin questions. Let the church attend to her business of persuading the wayward and sinners to open the doors of their hearts for the Lord Jesus; for if there is any cause for alarm in this country, it will soon be because of the absence of the name of God in the soul rather than because of the absence of that hallowed name on the coins, 