106 LIBERTY fished principle, which is indeed %% ritten into our Constitution, to preserve the rights and liberties of its citizens, both in their relation to the state and their relation to the church. our statesmen  often act as if existing institutions might be best preserved by simply shouting. " Great is Diana of the Ephesians! --Rev. D. H. Steffens, in the Christian Herald, July 2, 1913. Religion and the State A. G. DA NI ELLS THE question of the relationship be-tween church and state, between religion and civil government, does not belong alone to past ages. It is a living issue today, and it will continue to be such while the church and civil government exist. The church and the state are institu-tions ordained of God for the benefit of man. But, like other wise provisions for his good, they may be perverted ; they may be turned from their true purpose. and be used to injure man. The good or the harm that the church and the state may do to those connected with them. depends very much upon the relation they sustain to each other: and the re-lation they sustain depends upon the views of this relationship held by those intrusted with the management of the two institutions. In the maintenance of their proper relations are bound up the rights and liberties of the people. For this reason, if for no other, the relation between civil government and religion should receive the most careful study by all who prize liberty, either civil or re-ligious. . There has been a great deal of misap-prehension as to the true relationship of the church to the state, and as a result fearful injustice has been done to large numbers of the human family. Unhap-pily we are not yet beyond the possibility of misapprehension, and so are not be-yond the range of injustice. Among heathen nations, civil govern-ment and religion were united, and the government ruled religion. This was especially true of the Roman Empire.  That government declared : " No man shall have for himself particular gods of his own : no man shall worship by him-self any new or foreign gods, unless they are recognized by the public laws."ŠCicero, quoted in Neander's " History of the Christian Religion and Church," sec. 1. div. 3, par. 2. Thus the state assumed the right to rule in all matters of religion. The em-peror ruled the state, and the state ruled religion. The gods were national, the religion was national, and the priests were but the servants of the state. The state and the religion were inseparable. To be indifferent to the religion was to show disrespect to the state. To refuse obedience to the religion was to rebel against the state. To introduce a new religion was " high treason," and the penalty for treason was death. During the reign of the Caesars, Christ. the founder of Christianity, appeared among men. He revealed to the world a God unknown and unacknowledged by Rome. He taught a " new religion,"Šnew to the Romans,Š and denied that Caesar had the right to interfere with the religion of his subjects. This " new religion " was embraced and its Founder worshiped by thousands of Roman citi-zens. For thus changing their religion, these hitherto loyal citizens were looked upon by the state as rebels and traitors, not-withstanding they still paid tribute to Caesar, and rendered cheerful obedience to every requirement of the government, except in the matter of religion. They were arraigned before the authorities, 