Temperance An Abstinence Testimony in a Strange Place F. FREDERICK BLISS SOME years ago I was invited by the young people's society of a church not far from my home city to give them a temperance lecture. In the town to which I was invited was a distillery which was reputed to be the largest in the world. I had never visited such an institution, and had a strong desire to do so on this occasion. Timing my ar-rival in the town with this _in view, I called at the mill of the coils," and, piloted by a gentlemanly guide, was soon going the rounds with a fair-sized com-pany bent on a curiosity-gratifying er-rand like my own. I had been informed that, after a com-pany had visited every process part of the distillery, it was the custom of the institution for the guide to conduct them finally to a sample-room, where they were offered their choice of the goods manufactured there. This was an ordeal I very much dreaded, as it seemed to me a little ungracious to accept the institu-tion's civilities, and then refuse to sam-ple its products. Sure enough, it was not long before we found ourselves in the sample-room Š and a gorgeous room it was. The re-frigerator in which the goods were kept, the cut-glass services, the tables and the divans, and all the palace-befitting appur-tenances, could surely not be provided for less than many thousands of dollars. I did not feel at home ; I was excess-ively uneasy. I could easily see that I was the oldest person in the company, and as such, if worst came to worst, would be looked to to take the lead in the sample-room formalities. One cir-cumstance, however, somewhat relieved my apprehension. I noticed in the com-pany an elegantly dressed and fine-man-nered gentleman from San Francisco,  who impressed me that he was no stranger to such surroundings, and would probably be amply able to preside on such an occasion. Once fairly within the sanctum of the tasters, the suave guide turned to the company and said : Š " Well, now, gentlemen, what will you have ? " Though it was a new language to me, I knew what it meant. But I was dumb, and so were all the rest. This made the situation awkward. I glanced at the San Francisco gentleman, and he glanced at me. The guide evidently concluded that we were all embarrassed, and thought he would better help us out. It might be we each wished the best drink he had, but felt some hesitancy in saying so. So he generously came to our re-lief:Š "Will you have a Scotch highball? " This might have helped the rest of the company, but as for me I did not know a Scotch highball from an American football. But as the San Francisco gen-tleman at once said, " If you please," I saw that the next thing would be a glass handed me containing the drink named. I later came to understand that the Scotch highball was considered one of the finest of drinks. I saw that I must speak. " Guide," I said, " when I was sixteen years old I took the Good Templar's pledge Š not even to taste apple juice after it was three days old. I am now forty-six years of age, and have never broken that pledge. I am sure not one of you would have me do it now. Be-sides, I am to-night to lecture in a church in this city on the subject of total abstinence. I am confident you will all gladly excuse me from tasting anything here." The guide watched me closely, and when I was through, he looked round upon the company and said : Š 