HAWAIIAN BUILDING, ALASKA-YUKON-PACIFIC EXPOSITION 36 LIBERTY gard is a fallacious one. Because cer-tain things are necessary to man's phys-ical well-being, it does not necessarily follow that the government can perforce, or that it ought of right to, secure them by means of legislation. Who will deny that man needs a certain amount of sleep a day ? Shall the government on that account enact a law to compel the taking of such sleep? It is essential to man's well-being that he should have a cer-tain amount of nutritive food a day. Shall the government, therefore, make it compulsory that such food be eaten ? Everybody can see that such matters are beyond the purview, or scope, of civil gov-ernments. Just so it is with the matter of Sabbath-keeping, it is no concern of the government whether a man works seven days or not at all. The idea seems to be growing that all human ills can be rem-edied by legislative enactment, or that government is qualified to do anything that it sets out to do. But this is a great mis-take. But granting for the 'mo-ment that government is qual-ified to legislate in this regard, and that the movement is purely civil, I ask, Why enforce this duty upon Sunday? Is it because Sunday is essen-tially a civil day, and to be regarded as such more than any other day? Recog-nizing the ecclesiastical scholarship of his Lordship the Bishop of Newfound-land and the reverend gentlemen asso-ciated with him, I do not hesitate to challenge and call for the production of history showing that Sunday has in any age, from the clays of Constantine down to the present, ever been recognized as being anything but a religious institution. Why then enforce that which is purely civil upon a day which is wholly relig-ious? The answer is obvious Š I say it respectfully Š the civil argument is an unworthy subterfuge, and the design from beginning to end is purely to en-force the observance of the day as a day  of worship. Test it. Let some member, minister, or layman of the Alliance, if he care, propose that this one day in seven shall be any day other than Sun-day, and see how quickly he would be silenced. It is further an invasion of human rights because it must necessarily impose a tax of sixteen and two-thirds per cent of their income, or one sixth of their time, upon those who shall be observing a day other than Sunday. It also for-bids one from doing on the other six days that which the Author of the Sab-bath says may be done. This of course would clearly be overriding the will of the Creator. And yet again it is an invasion of human rights, because God himself has left to man the choice of whether he will or will not worship God, whether upon the Sabbath or no day at all. Through-out all his life the Author of Christianity never for one moment invaded that right of choice, nor did he attempt to judge men for their unbelief. That he was willing to leave to the Judgment of the last day. Hear him : " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." Surely what Christ refused to do in this respect, his followers ought not to do. But nevertheless that is just what the Lord's 