LIBERTY "Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Lev. 25 : 10. VOL. XI FIRST QUARTER. 1916 No. 1 Is Liberty in Danger? CLAUDE E. HOLMES The Price of Liberty THOSE things that are most valuable should be guarded the closest. The lib-erty which we have in America is a leg- acy handed down to us from our fore-fathers. It was secured at the highest price that can be paid for earthly treas- ure Š the lives of thousands of our fel-low men. Should it not be jealously guarded ? These words by Samuel Cole-ridge can be appreciated by those who realize the value of liberty : Š Nor let any one falsely persuade himself that those who keep watch and ward for lib-erty are meddling with things that do not con-cern them, instead of minding their own busi-ness. For all men should know that all bless-ings are stored and protected in this one, as in a common repository. Here is the trades-man's security, the soldier's honor, the agri-culturist's profit. Lastly, in this one good of liberty the religious will find the permission of their rites and forms of worship, the stu-dents their learned leisure, the aged their repose, boys the rudiments of the several branches of their education, maidens their chaste nuptials, matrons their womanly honor and the dignity of their modesty, fathers of families the dues of natural affection and the sacred privilege of their ancient home, every one their hope and their joy. To this one solicitude, therefore, let all other cares yield the priority.Š" The Friend," page 74. The Constitution Ordained to Protect Liberty Those who fought for liberty were not satisfied merely to enjoy it themselves. They looked forward to yet unborn gen-erations. They wrote it in their funda-mental law, in our Constitution, that we, the people of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union, es-tablish justice, insure domestic tranquil-lity, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution." Said Samuel Adams: -- I would advise persisting in our struggle for liberty though it were revealed from heaven that nine hundred and ninety-nine were to perish and only one out of a thousand to survive and retain his freedom. One such freeman must possess more virtue and enjoy more happiness than a thousand slaves.ŠQuoted in the Christian Advocate, June 25. 1914. Truly they became watchers and wards for liberty. Knowing that eternal vigi-lance is the price of liberty, they placed a hedge about it that is as secure as hu-man power can make it. The purity of religion is best preserved by keeping it separate from government; and the surest means of giving to it its proper influence in society is the dissemination of correct principles through education.Š James Bayard on the Constitution.  3 