LIBERTY 37 ished my course, I have kept the faith." There is the secret of his triumph Šhe had " kept the faith." But these young men, but recently out of the sem-inary, have had their faith shaken by the studies of the higher criticism and sci-ence falsely so-called. The man who has been taught that the Bible is not the Word of God, that it is full of errors, and who, through his teaching, has be-come skeptical as to the existence of a personal God, has lost connection with that divine impelling power that sends men out on such missions as that of Paul, Luther, Adoniram Judson, Will-iam Carey, Livingstone, or Dwight L. Moody. The cry of John Knox, " Give me Scotland or I die," never could issue from the lips of one who had sat four years under the tutelage of a higher critic and had imbibed his teachings. The higher critic preacher, who holds lightly the Word of God or holds it up to contempt, and is not evert sure of the existence of the God whose name he utters, is not deserving of any salary whatever from the contributions of be-lievers in Jesus Christ. He has no busi-ness in the sacred desk ; he is what the printer calls a " wrong font; " and the more charges left vacant by such men, the better it will be for the charges. But he has no just complaint that his wages are small. If he teaches what he believes, then he teaches that there is no necessity for his teaching; and he need not expect the people will exert them-selves much to pay him a liberal salary for teaching that the Bible is only a hu-man book; that Jesus Christ was only a man ; that God is not what the Bible rep-resents him to be ; that the only punish-ment we get we receive in this life; that the law of God was the invention of a man and can still be improved upon by man. It is much cheaper for an au-dience to stay at home and read the works of Ingersoll and Paine and Vol- taire, and let the preacher go into busi-ness and provide for his own salary. And that is just about what is taking place. And that is why it is that the average amount given per church-member for foreign mission work per year by the churches of the United States amounts to but twenty-seven cents. Alongside that average of twenty-seven cents per member,- place the $6.58 per member paid for foreign missions by one denom-ination that has not put evolution in the place of creation, nor the higher critic in the place of the Holy Spirit as the interpreter of the divine Word. That amount, however, is nothing to glory over ; it ought to be more ; but in com-parison with the other amount it illus-trates to some extent the difference be-tween the fruit borne by the two systems of teaching. With the preachers deserting their charges because dollars look bigger than souls to them, it need not be wondered at if the lay members desert the pews because dollars seem more precious to them than classic lectures based on scrip-tures that they are taught to doubt, and on the utterances of a God whose very existence the preacher himself seems to question. There is no compelling incen-tive for the preaching of a message which the preacher himself does not be-lieve, from a text which he considers uninspired and " could improve upon himself." But that is just the situation that evo-lution and the higher criticism developed when they stalked into the sacred desk to scatter infidelity with a clerical trade-mark, and established their chairs in theological seminaries to turn out infi-dels in clerical frocks. While the shep-herds are out in the hills seeking the lost, the wolves have broken into the sheep-folds. To the honest, sincere seeker after truth, the Bible is still the word of God. 