LIBERTY  19 ¥ that -religions combinations to effect a political object are always dangerous, and that when the political institutions of a country begin to bend under pressure from such a combination the end cannot long be delayed, and that we can read in the catastrophe of other nations what that end must be. The intelligent reader needs only to be re-minded .that there are not merely one but a number of such organizations operating in this country, altogether trying to effect a religious object by political means. That they will be successful in the end there is little room t− doubt; but that such success can be delayed is also true. To effect this delay is a part at least of the mission of LEBERTY magazine. Sabbath Legislation and Liberty THE following from pages 399 and 400 of the Christian Statesman for September, 1918, is enlightening: " Legislation is essential for religious liberty. Sabbath legislation is essential for Sabbath liberty. No legislation should dictate to a man what he is to believe; nor can it compel him to go to church. But legislation should protect man in his right to Sabbath rest and worship. It should say: No smoke from those tall chim-neys on the first day of the week. Stop those wheels on the Lord's day. Run no street cars that are not necessary for church purposes or other works of necessity and mercy. No noise from picnics on that day. No baseball to dis-turb the rest and worship of the day. No Sunday papers to be sold on the street any more than potatoes or strawberries. No ice cream and soda water and cigars may be sold on the Sabbath in drug stores or elsewhere. If a law does not protect the Sabbath, there is grave danger that its observance Will be sadly weakened, if not destroyed. " Right Sabbath legislation protects liberty. It protects the rights of society to a Sabbath. It protects the morality of the nation. It pro-tects the individual. It protects the laboring man." We deny the opening asseveration of the foregoing; namely, that " legislation is essential for religious liberty." It is no more true than that legislation is essential for freedom in writ-ing or speaking. The law is supposed only to forbid the doing (1) of things that are wrong per se, that is, in and of themselves; and (2) of things that are wrong because of conditions, or surrounding circumstances. For examples of the first class we might cite offenses against person, property, or repu-tation. To the second class belong laws against the pollution of streams, the creating and main-taining of nuisances, wasteful killing of game or taking of fish, the setting of fires in forest or on the prairie, shooting within corporate  limits, etc. Thomas Jefferson states the prin¥ ciple thus: " No man has a natural right to commit aggression on the equal rights of another; and this is all from which the laws ought to re-strain him; every man is under the natural duty of contributing to the necessities of the society; and this is all the laws should enforce on him; and, no man having a natural right to be the judge between himself and another, it is his natural duty to submit to the umpirage of an impartial third. When the laws have declared and enforced all this, they have ful-filled their functions, and the idea is quite un-founded, that on entering into society we give up any natural right." The keeping of the Sabbath cannot be shown to come within this category. To the Christian man such observance is a religious service. To all others a day free from labor or business is simply a holiday to be used as the individual sees fit, having, of course, due regard to the equal rights of others. We have said, and we here repeat it, that we find no fault with laws that seek only to secure to all men the right to a weekly rest day. Let the courts close on Sunday, as they have long done; let public offices be closed, as is now and has long been the case; let no man in time of peace be required to perform any service for the public on a day set apart by his religion as a day of rest. But at the same time require no man to regard any day merely because oth-ers regard it as sacred, provided his activities are not of a nature necessarily to interfere with the right of others to rest upon that day. We have holidays Ñ days when offices are closed, when banks suspend business, when courts do not sit, when schools are dismissed, and when the wheels of industry and of busi-ness are very generally silent. But we compel nobody to observe such days. These are per-missive breathing spells; but the Sunday in-stitution is different Ñ here there is compul-sion: the community must rest, the individual must not work. Why the difference! Merely because holidays are purely civil, while the Sunday institution is religious. There is no other reason; there can be none, and in enact-ing Sunday laws, legislators assume to compel the observance, in some degree, of a religious institution.  C. P. B. ttt tti LAW is good; but there is a domain into which human law has not been commissioned to enter,Ñ the domain of the soul. There is an allegiance which the state has a right to claim; but there is another allegiance which only the Creator himself can of right demand. When the state enters that domain and de-mands that allegiance to itself, it usurps the prerogative of God.Ñ C. M. Snow. 