LIBERTY 41 rule our motives and actions, of forget-ting to feed our brother on the milk of human kindness, and of ceasing to cover the multitude of his sins with the robe of our charity. The church has often sought, through the state, to knock the offender down with " the big stick," and then she wonders why he does not  crouch down at the altar of the church as a penitent. If the church desires to draw men to Christ in the divinely ap-pointed way, she must not appeal to the scepter of the ruler, but to the Christ on the cross. "And I, if I be lifted up from the earth, will draw all men unto me." C. S. L. !V !V IV The Meaning of the, European War (Concluded from page 9) hands the destiny of Turkey is placed have plunged her in a vortex from which she cannot emerge with any shred of a status as a nation." The leading men of Turkey expect that the present war will seal the doom of the Ottoman Empire. A dispatch from Bordeaux on November 5, to the Havas Agency, says : " Gen. Mehmed Cheri f Pasha, the leader of the opposition in Turkey, whose sympathies with France are well known, has tele-graphed to President Poincare and the council of ministers his indignation at the step taken by Turkey, which, he de-clares, is its death sentence."ŠWashing-ton (D. C.) Evening Star, November 5. Americans Expect Turkey's End In an editorial of the Morning Ore-gonian of November 4, this significant statement is made concerning " the ex-tinction of Turkey : " " Believing that victory for Russia and her allies means ultimate extinction of Turkey, whether the latter country remains neutral or takes up arms in the present struggle, the Ottoman war party seems to have decided that the wisest course was to make a last effort to ward off that fate while Turkey has powerful allies." England Sounls Turkey's Death Knell England, the friend and supporter of Turkey for more than fifty years, de-crees her death. Premier Asquith, the prime minister of England, in a notable speech made at the annual banquet in-augurating the new Lord Mayor of Lon-don, at Guild Hall, on the night of No-vember 9, said that the war with Turkey  meant " the death knell to Ottoman done ination, not only in Europe, but in Asia.  ŠWashington Evening Star, Novem-ber 10. The Meaning of Turkey's End The Sacred Volume says that when the king of the north shall come to his end in the valley of the Euphrates and at Armageddon, which territory is now ruled over by the Turk. there will begin " the time of trouble, such as never was since there was a nation." It also says that " at that time shall Michael [Christ] stand up, . . . and at that time thy peo-ple shall be delivered, every one that shall be found written in the book. And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake." Dan. 12: I, 2.  The Important Question to Settle The important question for each of us to settle is not how we may enrich our-selves by Turkey's misfortune; for when Turkey goes down, the whole world goes down in a universal crash. The very next verse following the account of the battle of Armageddon says: "And there came a great voice out of the temple of heaven, from the throne, saying, It is done. And there were voices, and thunders, and lightnings; and there was a great earthquake, such as was not since men were upon the earth, so mighty an earthquake, and so great. . . . And the cities of the nations fell." Rev. 16: 17-19. Instead of peace, there will be destruc-tion. " For thus hath the Lord said. The 