THE AX AND THE BLOCK 102 LIBERTY nition and contribution from those who claim the right to be separate and inde-pendent of the legal religion, and places the dissenter uniformly in a state of com-parative subjection and of decided infe-riority, and " puts a mark upon him of expressed and implied degradation." In 1664 a law was enacted for "the suppression of seditious conventicles, which inflicted on all persons, over six-teen years of age, present at any religious meeting of five or more persons in any other manner than is allowed by the prac-tice of the Church of England, a penalty of three months' impris-onment for the first offense, of six months for the second, and seven years' transpor-tation for the third. If the offender re-turned, he was doomed to death. This act was rigidly enforced, and filled the jails with minis-ters and laity." The Act Which Sent Bunyan to Prison But this Conven-ticle Act did not sat-isfy the bigoted and intolerant spirit o f cruel oppression on the part of the clergy of the established church. In 1665 all per-sons in holy orders who had not sub-scribed to the Act of Uniformity were required to take an oath that it was never lawful, under any circumstances, to take up arms against the king, or to make any attempt to alter the government of church or state. Those who refused to take this oath were kohibited from teaching in schools, or to come within five miles of any city, corporate town, or borough sending members to Parliament. Then followed the Test Act (1672), enforcing upon all persons holding pub-lic office a declaration against transub-stantiation, and imposing the legal obli- gation of receiving the Lord's Supper within three months after acceptance of a public office. Only those who have read the history of the bloody persecu-tion of this era have the faintest con-ception of the terrible hardships and excruciating sufferings inflicted upon dis-senters and nonconformists in those days. Bigotry, intolerance, and malignant in-genuity of this " Protestant " regime could hardly be excelled even by the papists when they. were in supreme power. The established religion was en-forced with merciless rigor, and for violating or refusing to conform to some of these reli-gious exactions e n -forced by civil statute, John Bunyan was im-prisoned twelve years in Bedford jail. The Entering Wedge of Persecution The union of church and state started in 321 A. a, when Constantine the Great enacted the first Sunday law. This opened the door for a flood of religious legis-lation to follow, and it was always justified by this precedent of Con-stantine's first Sunday law. There was no stopping place until every belief of the established church was legislated into law and enforced by the state upon all nonconformists. The blood of a hun-dred million martyrs cries out from the soil of Europe to God that he should avenge their blood for .the dying tes-timony they have borne to the truth. The American colonies imbibed the in-tolerant spirit of the mother country. They established their worship by law, and compelled all to conform to their religious tenets, to attend divine service on Sunday, and to support the clergy whether they accepted their teachings or not. They shamefully persecuted the 