32 LIBERTY LIBERTY WASHINGTON, D. C., JULY, 1906 L. A. SMITH  W. A. COLCORD W. W. PRESCOTT Subscription Price - - 25 cents per year To Foreign Countries - 50 " " " Published Quarterly by REVIEW & HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. TAICOMA PARK' STATION, WASHINGTON, D. C. Entered as second-class matter, May 1, loon, at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. THE question of the enforcement of Sun-day observance is coming to the front in all sections of the country. In our News and Notes department we give a few in-stances, but only a few, showing the activity on the part of those working for Sunday legislation in this country. RELIGIOUS liberty in Canada is threat-ened with invasion by a rigid Sunday law. refusing exemption to observers of the sev-enth day, passed at the instigation of the Lord's Day Alliance. The religious title of this organization and the religious pro-fession of the men composing it, as well as the religious character of Sunday, show beyond question that it seeks the aid of the civil power to further a religion, and that it aims to commit the Canadian government to a policy of religious legislation. As noted on another page, one member of the Canadian Parliament, in speaking against the exemption clause proposed for observers of the seventh day, said that if such people would not conform to the pro-gram of one rest day, and only one, in Can-ada, they should get out of the country. This is parallel with a statement made some years ago at York, Neb., by Rev. E. B. Gra-ham, vice-president of an association which aims to make the United States a Sunday-enforcing government. The two statements should travel in company. Mr. Graham said: Š We might add, in all justice, If the opponents of the Bible do not like our gov-ernment and its Christian features, let them go to some wild, desolate land, and in the name of the devil and for the sake of the devil subdue it, and set up a government of their own on infidel and atheistic ideas; and then if they can stand it, stay there till they die.Š Christian Statesman, May 21, 1885. Do the church people of this country or of Canada admire the spirit which prompted such utterances ? Do such sentiments savor at all of tolerance, of charity, of Chris-tianity ? THE International Reform Bureau, or " Christian lobby," at Washington makes this announcement: Š The battle for the complete Sunday clo-sing of the gates of the Jamestown Exposi-tion has been fully won. The committee of Congress reported in favor of closing only the " exhibits and amusements "Š not the gates. The superintendent of the Inter-national Reform Bureau went to Norfolk and persuaded the exposition management to vote complete closing, and the law will therefore close the gates by contract. We are not concerned over what the ex-position management may decide to do about Sunday closing. We oppose nobody's right to observe Sunday and to take what-ever action he pleases regarding such ob-servance so long as he acts only for him-self. Let the exposition management close the gates if they see fit; that is a vastly dif-ferent thing from Sunday closing of the gates by act of Congress. What we stren-uously oppose is the acting of one person for others, in religious matters, on self Ł assumed authority. The members of Con-gress are the elected representatives of the people. What Congress does is done in the name of the people, and by the people. This is all right so long as it is confined to secular matters; but when Congress takes action in favor of Sunday as the Sabbath, it assumes authority to act for the people in religion. But Congress-men are not chosen to represent the people in religion ; and even should they be so chosen, it would be contrary to Christian-ity. Sabbath observance lies in the realm of religion and conscience, which the civil power has no right to enter. Editor Associate Editors 