32  LIBERTY LIBERTY WASHINGTON, D. C., APRIL, 1906 Editor Associate Editors Subscription Price - - 25 cents per year To Foreign Countries - 50 "  " " Published Quarterly by REVIEW & HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. TAKOMA PARK STATION, WASHINGTON, D. C. Application made for entry as second-class matter, at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. THE trouble which France is now having to complete the severance of her union with the church, ought to be a warning to every other nation against being drawn into such an alliance. THE favorable response that has been made to the announcement heralding the appearance of this magazine, shows that a place was waiting for it in the field of re-ligious liberty work. The people evidently feel that it meets a demand of the times. Subscriptions have been coming in quite rapidly, and a higlhly useful career for LIBERTY seems assured from the start. OVERCOME evil with good." is a divinely given rule of procedure for those who are contending on the side of good. Over-come darkness with light. It is the only effective way. In the contest with igno-rance, bigotry, and intolerance the best victories will be gained by calling attention to the brightness 'and beauty of the prin-ciples of religious freedom, and not by simply trying to make people see the dark-ness and ugliness of religious intolerance. Let light and darkness, beauty and ugliness, be put side by side, and the people will soon see the 'contrast, and make their choice be-tween them. " STRAWS 9110W which way the wind is blowing." We desire to be kept as fully as possible in touch with public sentiment throughout the country regarding the prin- ciples of religious freedom, and will ap-preciate any " straws " that may be gath-ered up in any place and forwarded to us The real spirit that is behind a movement is sometimes more clearly revealed by some apparently trivial incident than by a set of resolution's put forth by its leaders at a public meeting. SINCE this issue of LIBERTY began to be made ready for the press, two more Sunday bills have been introduced into Congress making four such bills that have been pre-sented in the House, with one in the Senate during the present session. The same ac-tivity in behalf of Sunday legislation is being shown at some of the State legisla-tures. The present activity in seeking to throw legal restraints around freedbm in the practise of Sabbath observance, has never been surpassed, if it ,has been equaled. in any previous time since the existing Sab bath controversy began. Such facts very plainly show the ¥necessity for renewed a¥c tivity on the pant of the friends of relig-ious freedom in this country. THE liberty for which this magazine stands is not that reckless sentiment called liberty by a certain class who have cut loose from the restraints of law, and desire to be guided only by their own fancy. This magazine will -never offer any apology for the crimes committed by persons of this sort. We advocate liberty no more strongly than we 'advocate law. Liberty and law belong together; the two are inseparable. One of the chief reasons why so much now needs to be said and done in behalf of liberty, is that we are living in an era of lawlessness. Lawlessness means disregard by one or by many of the rights and in-terests of others. It mean's the oppression of the weak by the strong. Just in pro-portion as the spirit of lawlessness gains the ascendency in any place. the liberty of the people is put in jeopardy. The divine law or moral code is called the " perfect law of liberty." If that law were per-fectly obeyed, there would be perfect lib-erty. In contending for liberty we shall not forget to call attention to the exalted char-acter of this highest law. L. A. SMITH W. A. COLCORD W. W. PRESCOTT 