Sectarian Garb in Government Schools Argument Presented by Hon. Robert G. Valentine, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, at a Hearing Before Secretary Fisher of the Department of the Interior, April 8, 1912, on the Question of Religious Garb in Indian Schools Conducted by the Government THE issue raised in connection with Indian Office Circular No. 6o1 is simple, clear-cut, and susceptible of exact state-ment. The circular was directed to the su-perintendents in charge . of Indian schools. These schools are a concrete expression of the policy adopted by the government in discharging its trust to-ward its wards, the Indians. The schools are owned by the United States, and under the law are subject solely to the management and control of the United States and its agencies. In short, they are public schools. The persons affected are government employees engaged by the Indian Office for the purposes of these schools, sub-ject entirely to the direction of the office. In a word, they are public officers who have taken the usual oath of office. These employees have been accustomed while on duty to wear the distinctive garb and insignia of religious societies or orders to which they belong. They have also caused or permitted to be dis-played on the walls and elsewhere in government buildings other insignia, pic-tures, badges, and mottoes peculiar to these societies. The garb and insignia are striking and unmistakable in their connotation of a religious element in the schools. Circular No. 6oi reads as follows : Š " In accordance with that essential principle in our national life Š the sepa-ration' of church and state Š as applied by me to the Indian Service, which as to ceremonies and exercises is now being enforced under the existing religious regulations, I find it necessary to issue this order supplementary to those regu-lations, to cover the use, at those exer-cises and at other times, of insignia and garb as used by various denominations. At exercises of any particular denomina-tion there is, of course, no restriction in yo this respect, but at the general assembly exercises and in the public-school rooms, or on the grounds when on duty, insignia or garb has no justification. " In government schools all insignia of any denomination must be removed from all public rooms, and members of any denomination wearing distinctive garb should leave such garb off while engaged at lay duties as government employees. If any case exists where such an em-ployee can not conscientiously do this, he will be given a reasonable time, not to extend, however, beyond the opening of the next school year after the date of this order, to make arrangements for employment elsewhere than in federal Indian schools." The question before me was : Should employees in government Indian schools be permitted to wear while on duty as public officers the garb, and to display in the schoolrooms the insignia, distinct-ive of any religious order or society? The Essential PrincipleŠ Separation of Church and State The order was issued Š as appears on its face Š simply because it became clear to me that to permit a continuance of the practise against which it was directed would be irreconcilable with the Amer-ican axiom, the complete separation of church and state. The conclusion seemed to me at the time quite inescapable ; sub-sequent investigation and consideration have but confirmed that conviction. This essential principle of American polity needs, of course, at this day nei-ther defense nor proof of existence. It is accepted. " The right of conscience ; the right to the free exercise of one's own relig-ion, the right not to be compelled to adopt any religion, or to pay taxes for any church ; the right not to be deprived of any privilege or any office on account of one's religious sentiments,"Š these 