JUDGE SAMUEL STRADLEY, WHO CON- DUCTED THE TRIAL LIBERTY Bill of Rights in the South Carolina con-stitution, which says : Š " Section 9. No person shall be de-prived of the right to worship God ac- cording to the dictates of his own con-science; provided, that the liberty of conscience hereby declared shall not jus-tify practises inconsistent with the peace and moral safety of society." It was further shown that the en-forcement of Sun-day laws requires the observers of the seventh day to rest upon the first day of the week in addition to their conscientious o b - servance of the seventh day, and therefore they would have only five days to devote to labor, while those who observe Sunday would have six days. Hence it will be seen that the equal rights o f those who observe the seventh day of the week are abridged. We brought to the attention of the court and jury the fact that the State can rightfully have to do only with civil things, and not with those which are re-ligious. It was shown that the picking of strawberries was not an uncivil act, but a proper and legitimate one ; there-fore the state can not rightfully prohibit such work on any day of the week if it keeps within its proper sphere. We ac-quainted the jury with the fact, which was established by the witnesses, that the defendants were good neighbors, and upright citizens. The following state-ments in reference to Seventh-day Ad-ventists were read to the jury, which show that they are a moral, upright, and law-abiding class of citizens : Š " No other sect can show a better cit-izenship. They are industrious, frugal, and peaceable. If all other men were no more prone to evil than they, the grand jury would have little to do, and courts, civil as well as criminal, could take a vacation on at least six days of the week, and have little to do on the seventh." " It is a fact that nobody who knows them will attempt to controvert that the members of the re-ligious sect that is designated as Sev-enth-day Advent-ists make up a g o od citizenship. Their cardinal idea is to harm no man, and as a class they are honest, sober, diligent, and fru-gal. . . . The per-secution of the Ad-ventist people . . . is a reminder of barbaric ages when fanaticism ruled in councils of state, and set up the gib-bet and the stake at every cross-road to vindicate the gospel of Jesus Christ through tyranny, pain, mal-ice, and murder."Š Editorials from Washington Post, Feb. II, 1908, and May 27, 1909. A prominent United States senator, inŁ speaking of the Adventists, says; Š " It has been my privilege to live among . . . Seventh-day Adventists, and I can truthfully say they are a very hon-orable, intelligent, upright class of peo-ple. They are patriotic and loyal cit-izens of the government." In ths plea we placed great emphasis on the dangers of Sunday laws, be-cause they can be used as weapons by persons who are actuated by a religious prejudice to vent their spite upon God-fearing and devoted Christian people, 