LIBERTY 37 the kings of the West, the Orient against the Occident, or the republics against the kingdoms, then it would not mean simply a war of one continent, terrible as that is, but it would mean a world war. It might even mean a war in which the contestants were about equally matched. and which would bring about the long- him that sitteth on the throne, and from the wrath of the Lamb : for the great day of his wrath is come." Rev. 6: 15-17. Of course, we know that a certain school of science has no faith in divine revelation, and consequently relegates a coming judgment day and a special act TESTING TWELVE-INCH MORTARS AT FT. TOTTEN, NEW YORK HARBOR Preparation for war is believed by many to be essential to the preservation of peace. This picture is a general view of Pit B, with its battery of four guns, each firing a projectile weighing seven hundred pounds. There is a projectile on a movable carrier ready for each gun, and four more on carriages ranged along the wall, ready to wheel up instantly to the gun. The target was six miles out in Long Island Sound, but the range of the guns is much greater than this. It has been claimed that at a sufficiently high angle they can throw a projectile a total distance of thirty-one miles, with an extreme height in the trajectory of seven miles. predicted battle of Armageddon of the Apocalypse. At the conclusion of this battle there will be no statesmen left to say, " We had hoped to establish peace in this way. We were disappointed." Pray to the Rocks in Which They Trusted In that great day " the kings of the earth, and the great men, and the rich men, and the chief captains, and the mighty men, and every bondman, and every freeman, hid themselves in the dens and in the rocks of the mountains; and said to the mountains and rocks, Fall on us, and hide us from the face of  of divine intervention to the realms of fancy and superstition ; but we are still of the belief that human events and hu-man experience prove the verities of di-vine revelation. Man in his natural state is a failure. The human race is not and cannot be its own savior. It cannot solve its own problems except by appeal to brute force. It will always be thus as long as the human heart remains un-regenerate and the mind carnal and self-ish. Men and nations have always been jealous of one another, and no league of peace or alliance of friendship has stood the test of serious provocation. 