10 LIBERTY somebody's sabbath, had not followed the forms of somebody's religion, had not acted religious when he did not feel so! The saddest result of such a law is its tendency to break down respect for law itself on the part of those who suffer from its injustice. And for this result it is not they who are to blame but those who frame and advocate and enforce such iniquitous legislation. The Bible and the Public School THE Supreme Court of Illinois has barred the Bible from the public schools of the State. The case whose trial re-sulted in this decision came up in Win-chester, Scott County, and was due to the action of the Catholic citizens of that place, who protested against the reading of the Bible, singing, and prayer in the public schools. In handing down his de-cision, the judge said : " The wrong arises out of compulsion to join in any kind of religious worship. The free enjoyment of religious worship includes freedom not to worship." The decision of the judge is founded upon correct principles. The public schools are for the public, not for any sect. They are supported by the public by general taxation, and the principle that no man should be taxed to support a re-ligion in which he does not believe, neces-sitates just such a decision as that of the Illinois court, if the courts are to uphold that principle ; and the courts must up-hold the principle or be out of harmony with the fundamental principles of the government regarding the separation of church and state and the right of every man to worship God according to the dic-tates of his own conscience. While we are, therefore, on principle, in harmony with this decision of the Il-linois court, we are not in harmony with the purpose of the Catholic plaintiffs in excluding the Bible from the schools of  the State. Their purpose is to prevent the common people reading the Word of God or hearing it read ; and with such a purpose, of course, we have nothing in common. While that church restricts the circulation of the Bible among the peo-ple, and keeps it largely hidden from her children, and would exclude it from the public schools in order to insure a more complete accomplishment of her purpose, it is our desire to see it in the hands of every human being Š not through com-puls,ion, however, but through invitation and through individual choice. While we, as believers in soul liberty, can not complain against the Catholics' protest in this matter, we must assert that the rea-son for that protest is as much out of harmony with our purpose and desires as anything can possibly be. The judge's decision is correct ; but with the purpose of the plaintiff's protest this journal has no sympathy. What Will Be the End of Earthly Governments? THOSE who are seeking to bring about the world's conversion by the power of the state, instead of by the power of the Holy Spirit through the preaching of the gospel of Jesus Christ, believe that even-tually the kingdoms of this world will all be under the influence and control of Jesus Christ. When such a condition has been reached, they believe that the millennium will have been ushered in and the reign of universal peace will have begun. They maintain that this condition is to be brought about through the medium of civil law. Let us examine the Bible and see whether it warrants men in holding the view that Jesus Christ is to reign as a temporal monarch in this world. The prophet Daniel, in speaking of the end of earthly kingdoms, says that they are to become " like the chaff of the sum- 