68 LIBERTY There are rights which it is useless to surrender to the government, and which governments have yet always been found to invade. These are the rights of thinking, and PUBLISHING our thoughts by speaking and writing.Š Thomas Jefferson, 1789 urably correct its own evils ; and that government without free discussion and expression of public opinion would soon develop into despotism. The fathers of the Republic held that the same liberty that was guaranteed to religion should be guaranteed to the press, and for this reason they denied Congress, in the First Amendment, the right to abridge the liberty of either. Therefore, if Congress should enact laws restricting the free exercise of religion or abridging the freedom of the press, it would transcend its powers and commit an unconstitutional act. This would be a subversion of principles of justice, and un-American in spirit. A muzzled press is the mere puppet of despotism. God designed America to be the home, not of tyrants and of slaves, but of a free people. Every lover of liberty will raise his voice in a mighty protest against any movement to muzzle the press so that it cannot print the truth freely and expose the intrigues of any enemy seeking the overthrow of free institutions. Intrigues of Reactionary Forces The efforts now -being made in Con-gress to restrict the freedom of the press should serve to arouse every lover of liberty to a sense of the danger that threatens our free institutions. The con-test is a revival of the old struggle be-tween ecclesiastical power and human liberty. The press bills introduced into Congress by Messrs. Fitzgerald and Sie-gel aim at nothing less than the trans-formation of the Post Office Department into an autocratic, despotic bureau, in-stead of a branch of a free government. Why do these legislators seek to clothe the Postmaster-General with arbitrary  power, to make him not only an absolute censor of the press, but the judge, jury, prosecuting attorney, and sole prosecuting witness ; constituting him a whole court in himself, with power to pass judgment upon men's motives and actions without trial, and from whose judgment thete shall be no appeal ? When similar bills were before Con-gress a year ago, we intimated at the hearing before the committee that the authors of these bills either were ignorant of American principles, or were acting under strong pressure to clothe the Post-master-General with such arbitrary power in the interests of a secret, invisible organization which had sinister designs against our free institutions. This was most emphatically denied by the authors of the bills, as is shown in the official record of the hearing upon these bills.  What the Record Reveals " Mr. Reilly: I would like to ask these gen-tlemen if they were urged in any manner by any suggestions coming in any degree from anybody connected with the Catholic Church that these bills which they introduced should be introduced. " Mr. Gallivan: I desire to refer to the state-ment I made in the opening of my remarks, which was that I introduced this bill on my own initiative. I think the committee under-stood me clearly on that point." (See page 12 of " Hearing before the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads," Feb. t, 1915.) The impression was given by the au-thors of these bills that they had in-troduced them on their own initiative, without suggestion from anybody con-nected in any degree with the Catholic Church. But this denial of Catholic in-fluence by these Congressmen is, in turn, denied by the Catholic press. In past ages there were censorships to decide what might be published, or even believed. Every Christian denomination has at one time or another been subjected to such censorship. The few were very anxious not to give freedom of speech or of the press. They thought the many were not fit for it. They therefore set themselves up as censors and guardians over the bulk of their fellow men.Š Mayor Gaynor. 