LIBERTY  13 than a century, and effecting a union of church and state. This means the de-struction of liberty, and the enthronement instead of a despotism which will invade the citadel of conscience, and tyrannize over the souls of men. More than fifty years ago the people now known as the Seventh-day Advent-ists took the position, based upon their interpretation of prophecy, that this na-tion would turn away from the principles upon which it was founded, make an im-age to the beast, and become a perse-cuting power. There were no outward signs at that time that such a catastrophe would ever overtake the nation. Men ridiculed the position, and said, This will never be done. But some believed the unfailing Word, and waited. But what do we see to-day ? Religious liberty, which has been enjoyed for more than a dozen decades, is being threatened. A Striking Parallel In the preceding article, entitled, " Church and State in the Days of Rome," it is clearly shown that the union of church and state which formed the papacy and ushered in the Dark Ages (when for more than a millennium of years it was a crime to think), began through the enactment of laws making the observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, compulsory as a day of rest. These laws were religious in character, and intended to enforce by civil law an institution of the church. This opened the way for the terrible persecution which followed. Sunday laws were the first step in the union of the church and the state ; the Inquisition was the last. In the formation of an image to the beast in this country, history is repeating itself. Strong religious organizations are demanding the enforcement of Sunday as a day of rest. Congress and state leg- islatures are being continually besieged with petitions asking that civil laws be enacted which will make the observance of this institution of the church compul-sory. And just as surely as the enact-ment of Sunday laws in the fourth cen- tury prepared the way for the complete union of church and state, and the de-velopment of the beast and the Dark Ages, just so surely will the enactment of Sunday laws at this time prepare the way for the complete union of church and state and the development of an im-age to the beast, and an inevitable period of persecution. Organised Efforts Against Religious Liberty From the time of the adoption of the Constitution in 1789, to 1863, there was no organization formed whose avowed object was to unite religion and the gov-ernment. There was some agitation on the question. Particularly during a period of twenty years Ñ from 1810 to 1830 Ñ Congress was petitioned to stop the carrying of mail on Sunday. Both houses of Congress Ñ the Senate in 1829 and the House of Representatives in 1830 Ñconsidered the matter, and decided ad-versely on the question. The reason set forth was that for them to comply with the wishes of the petitioners would in-volve the decision of a religious contro-versy, and introduce a principle they did not care to follow, and whose bounds it would be impossible to define. In 1863 a convention composed of eleven different religious organizations was held at Xenia, Ohio. The object of this association was especially to consider the state of religion. The first national convention of this association was held the following year at Pittsburg, Pa., and a permanent organization formed, known as " The National Association to secure a religious amendment of the Constitu-tion of the United States." The avowed object of this association was to amend the Constitution, and to place all Chris-tian laws and usages of the government upon a legal basis. In 1886 the Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union united its influence with the National Reform Association at the annual convention by establishing a Sab-bath Reform Department, with Mrs. J. C. Bateham as secretary. In 1888 the American Sabbath Union 