A GREEK PRIEST Leader of a band of Greek soldiers in Macedonia Contributed Articles Church and State in Modern Greece W. E. HOWELL ON the wall of the captain's room in the largest Greek steamer that sails from Pirwus, the port of. Athens, to New York, there hangs a large white cross within a frame, em-broidered on a silk 'background. On the left arm of the cross, worked in bright-red letters, is the Greek word riaris (faith) ; on the right arm, the word 7rarpi.a (country). This simple de-sign fitly symbolizes the modern Greek's conception of his whole duty; for if he has one watch-word, one national and racial cry, one shibboleth, in time of peace or of war, that on e is ricrrtsŠirarpis, that is, Our Faith ŠOur Country. To the Greek the em-blem on the wall of the captain's room comprehends n o t only the whole sense of moral obligation on the part of the individual, the two arms of salvation, but it also represents the close relation to be sustained between religion and patriot-ism, between the church and the state. These two institutions constitute a pair of Siamese twins, the life-blood of the one flowing freely through the veins and ar-teries of the other, to sustain the exist-ence of this preternatural hybrid. The hand of force is incongruously paired with the hand of love. Instead of the right hand's not letting the left know  what it doeth, as the Saviour taught, the right hand can do nothing without the consent of the left, nor the left perform its noble duties without the concurrence, the permission, and even the direction, of the right. The incongruity of such a union is for-cibly depicted in our first illustration Šthe head of a priest upon the body of a soldier, the mes-senger of life armed with t h e weapons of death, the law in the members warring against the law of the mind, and, alas ! bringing the whole m a n into captivity to the law of sin which is in the members. See Rom. 7 : 23. It may serve to elucidate the mat-ter if we note some of the fruits of this unlawful union of church and state in the kingdom of Greece. When the government w a s organized o n a constitutional basis some sixty-five years ago, one de-partment of the king's advisory cabinet was devoted to education and ecclesias-tical affairs. Through the secretary of this department the established church makes its appeals for state aid to relig-ious enterprises, for the appointment and removal of leading church functionaries, for the raising or lowering of the sal-aries of church dignitaries paid by the state, for the approval of decisions made by the Holy Synod when important issues are at stake in ecclesiastical af- 