LIBERTY 19 things of the flesh; but they that are after the Spirit, the things of the Spirit. For to be carnally minded is death : but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Because the carnal, mind is enmity against God : for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. So then they that are in the flesh can not please God." Civil legislation touching religious or spiritual things can serve only to inter-pose the civil authority between the indi-vidual soul and God, thus lowering the standard of obedience from the spiritual to the common, civil, or fleshly. Having rendered the measure of obedience re-quired by the state in religious things, the individual is much less likely to seek to know what God requires. In legislating upon religious matters the state assumes jurisdiction of spiritual subjects, and the law of the state, instead of the law of God, becomes the standard of righteousness. Who does not know that governmental support and patronage of religion tend to deadness and formality? Who is not aware that the highest degree of piety found in any country is not in the state-supported churches and schools, but in the churches and schools of pro-scribed, or at best merely tolerated, dis-senters from the established religion? The blighting spiritual influence of religious legislation is scarcely more pro-nounced in Catholic France than in Protestant Germany. In the latter coun-try, Bible study is a part of the public-school curriculum ; but results only dem-onstrate the truth of the declaration of the apostle, " The letter killeth." Only those whose hearts and lives are being transformed day by day by the Word and Spirit of God, are qualified to teach that Word. All other teaching or attempted teaching of the Bible tends only to for-malism and unbelief. Another point at which religious legis-lation antagonizes the gospel is seen in our so-called sabbath legislation. The divine law says : " The seventh day is the  sabbath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt not do any work." Ex. zo : to. But in many countries the statute says, The first day is the sabbath of the state : in it thou shalt not do any work except running of trains, selling of fresh meats, confectionery, bakery goods, etc., etc. The influence of such legislation is seen on every hand in the low standard of individual Sabbath-keeping maintained among the people. Consciences are salved by the exceptions in the civil law, with the result that human statutes, in-stead of divine law, become the standard of sabbath observance. In the new, or gospel, covenant, the Creator engages to write the divine law upon the hearts of believers ; religious legislation presumptuously, yea, even blasphemously, assumes to assist the divine Spirit in this work, by writing parts of God's law into human statute-books, and then enforcing them by civil penalties. The result is dead formalism on the low plane of human enactments, instead of spiritual life and power on the high plane of the exceeding broad command-ment of Jehovah written in the heart of the believer by the Spirit of God, and made manifest in his daily life by the abiding presence of him of whom the apostle bore witness when he said : " I am crucified with Christ : nevertheless I live ; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me : and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me." Sunday Laws Forbidden by the National Constitution C. M. SNOW To make a national law enforcing any religious dogma, ritual, or observance is to establish, to that degree, the religion of which that dogma, ritual, or observ-ance is a part. When a church is estab-lished by a government, the observance of the rituals and ceremonies of that 