LIBERTY 13 ures, designed to enforce upon all the peo-ple a religious custom observed volun-tarily by only a portion of the people. To bring this about, it makes criminals of honest men and penalizes honest toil ; it overrides the natural rights of men, and destroys the equality of men under the law, that it may enforce upon all men everywhere a religious ordinance so lack-ing in divine sanction as to need the power of the police to perpetuate its ex-istence. Such a law can not be buttressed by equality and justice, and ought not to be spread upon the statute-books of any State in the Union. Attacking the Foundations An Organized Movement to Overthrow the Government of the United States An Old Conflict Reanimated THERE are now in existence, and in active operation, in this country powerful organizations whose purposes Š whose very articles of incorporation Š are dia-metrically opposed to the most vital principles of o u r government. The complete success of those organizations would mean the com-plete overthrow of the foundation upon which our government rests. In the attack of those organizations upon the principles of the Amer-ican government, we are having re-enacted the conflict which took place when the nation was founded. At that time there was one faction which desired that the church-and-state-union principle should be perpetuated in the new government. The other party, convinced by the bitter experiences of colonial days that to perpetuate church-and-state union in the American gov- ernment meant to perpetuate trouble, discord, dissension, disunion, religious animosity, and bitter persecution, stood for the total separation of the church from the functions of civil government. That party triumphed ; and to that tri-umph have been due our liberties, our peace, and our prosperity. An Unwarranted Optimism It means something, therefore, to American citizens that powerful organiza-tions should now be seeking to reopen that controversy, and to establish in place of the present government another gov-ernment upon the principles which our forefathers repudiated. This attack is coming at a dangerous time, too ; for the majority of Americans are unwilling to believe that there can arise within the nation any movement that can now en-danger the liberties of the people. Did we not put down a strong attempt to overthrow the government forty-six years ago? and are we not now a united na- UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA (FRONT OF ROTUNDA), FOUNDED 1825, E. A. ALDERMAN, LL. D., PRESIDENT tion of more than a hundred million people ? True ; but this is a different movement its adherents are a different class of peo-ple ; they do not attack the nation's for-tresses with cannon, or threaten the cap-itol with legions of armed men. Were 