LIBERTY 125 The common meaning of this word " worldly" is that of temporal occupation or employment as opposed to those energies or occupations of men which relate to eternity. . . . It is a clumsy and impossible word to use in a criminal statute. As a matter of fact, all the occupations of men in this world are " worldly "Š unless religious medi-tation or service be regarded as not " worldly."Š Argument of Judge James G. Gordon, declaring the Pennsylvania Sunday law religious and unconstitutional, March 23, 1903. Its correlatives hold us to its meaning. Very evidently worldly ' is contrasted with religious, and all worldly employ-ments are prohibited for the sake of the religious ones."Š Pennsylvania Superior Court Reports, Vol. XXV, p. 134. Purely Religious Reasons " Worldly business " cannot possibly be prohibited on Sunday except for purely religious reasons. " Worldly business " is not penalized on the Fourth of July or on Washington's birthday, because they are civil holidays, and nothing that is in itself civil is made a misdemeanor if done on those days. Religion alone assumes the right to demand that " worldly employment or business " cease on the days set apart as holy time, but it cannot properly make such a demand through the civil government upon any citizen of the State. The claims of reli-gious requirements are necessarily lim-ited to the church and its recognized members, and no person should ever be coerced by the state to conform to any church creed, ritual, or institution. A Perversion of Christian Principles According to the listed petitions in the Congressional Record, church organiza-tions are alone in favoring this compul-sory Sunday observance bill. Their methods are the law of the State, the prison and fines, which are contrary to Christ's methods of working. The church is losing sight of her divine mis- sion when she asks aid from the state to enforce her church institutions upon any-body, even upon her own members. Civil laws and carnal weapons were never employed by Christ to advance his cause. What this sinning world needs is more of the love and gentleness of the Man of Calvary. Nothing but the power and love of God can transform human hearts. It is the changed heart, not the striped suit, which reforms the male-factor. It is in the secret closet of prayer, and not in the dungeon, that we conquer our enemies. It is spiritual re-generation, and not civic reformation, which transforms the evildoer. The Man of Galilee did not try to reform the government, but to convert the in-dividual. The church should seek to lead the sinner to worship God in spirit and truth at the altar of love and mercy, and not attempt through the civil government to compel him to bow at the altar of force. As Christ's ambassadors, we should seek to banish darkness with light, error with truth, malice with kindness, asking no favors from civil authorities; and in so doing our cause will be certain of final triumph over every foe. " OUR fathers' God, to thee, Author of liberty, To thee we sing. Long may our land be bright With freedom's holy light. Protect us by thy might, Great God, our King." Suppose, instead of an overwhelming majority of Protestants holding certain views as to Sunday (which was the fact when the act of 1794 was passed), an equally prepon-derating majority of the Roman Catholic faith should exist in this commonwealth, and, in accordance with that majority, the representatives in the legislature should in prevailing numbers be of the same religious persuasion; and suppose such a legislature should pass a law forbidding the use of meats as.  food on Friday, out of deference to the religious views and sensibilities of the majorityŠhow could such legislation be held to be invalid if the act of 1794 is sustained? Š Argument of Judge James G. Gor-don, in his decision declaring the Pennsylvania Sunday laws religious and unconstitu-tional, in Philadelphia, March 23, 1903. 