LIBERTY 133 IF men had always blindly obeyed the kings of the past, we should all be phys-ical slaves today; and if they had always stupidly done exactly as the priests of the state church told them, we should all be mental slaves now. Liberty is the mother of intelligence. State churchism can only thrive when the masses are held in the bonds of superstition and ignorance. PEOPLE who believe in enforcing re-ligious dogmas have an idea that they can make other people's beliefs for them, the same as they can make suits of clothes for them. They believe that physical force is sufficient to convince a man. They forget that when they compel men to go contrary to choice in religion, they are making hypocrites by the mil-lion. WE do not court persecution either for ourselves or for others, yet we are pro-foundly convinced, by our study of eccle-siastical history and of Bible prophecy, that true religion flourishes best, not when fostered by the civil powers, but when shorn of every vestige of govern-mental support, or even when opposed by civil authorities. " Woe unto you, when all men shall speak well of you! for so did their fathers to the false proph-ets." " Blessed are ye, when men shall _revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. Rejoice, and be exceeding glad : for great is your reward in heaven : for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you." StE IV IV THE state owes no duty to the church as such; but it does owe a duty to all citizens ; and that is, to see that they are protected in the exercise of their natural rights. Every man has a natural and in-defeasible right to worship when, where, how, and whom he will, provided always that in so doing he does not trample upon the equal civil or religious rights of others. Having the right to worship, every man has also an equal right not to  worship at all, if he so elects. So far as human laws and their enforcement are concerned, he who does not worship should stand on an exact equality with his neighbor who does worship. All cit-izens of all the various shades of religion and of no religion should stand on an exact equality before the law. This is religious liberty in its historic sense ; and this is the meaning of the American Con-stitutional safeguards of the rights of conscience. 0.f Ł tV THE Southern Presbyterian General Assembly, in session at Newport News, May 26, repudiated by formal resolution the activities of the Federal Council of Churches touching political questions. The assembly threatens to withdraw from the council unless that body shall cease its political activities. The resolu-tion of the assembly states as the ground of its action that " in some instances the Federal Council's actions are contrary to the doctrine of the separation of church and state, and in others they deal with matters wholly extraneous to the recog-nized mission of the church on earth." Quite aside from the real merits of the concrete questions raised, the signs of disintegration which are appearing in the Federal Council are significant and in-tensely interesting. This is at least the second time the Southern Assembly has taken occasion to protest the action of the Federal Council, and inasmuch as the present protest shows more intense feel-ing than in the past, it must be that the breach is widening between the parties to the controversy. tV tV The law of nature, being coeval with mankind, and dictated by God himself, is superior in obligation to every other. It is binding all over the globe, in all countries, and at all times ; no human laws are of any validity if contrary to this, and such of them as are valid derive their force and all their authority, me-diately or immediately, from this orig-inal.Š Blackstone. 