LIBERTY (1087) 37 to controversies to be determined under the law. There all men are equal. Back of the rule of the majority is the great principle of equality, the basic, bed-rock principle of free government. The dif-ference between the old democracies or republics, which perished, and ours is that the ancient republics could devise no way by which to shield the rights of the minority. Though the majority must rule, yet a government which has no method for protecting the rights of the minority Šfor it has rights Š is a despotic govern-ment. I do not care whether you call it a monarchy, an aristocracy, or a re-public. A government which will not protect me in my rights, though I stand alone and against all my neighbors, is a despotic government. If our courts are taught to listen, trained by this subtle process of the years to harken to the voice of the majority, to whom will the minority appeal for relief ? If the voice of the majority controls, if this principle finally comes to be recognized in the timidity of judges, to what power in our government will the isolated, the unfor-tunate, the humble, and the poor go for relief ? Where will those without pres-tige. without wealth or social rank, go for protection ?Š Congressional Record, Sixty-Second Congress, First Session, Aug. 1o, 1911, page 3963. (Speech de-livered Aug. 7, 1911.) The principles enunciated in the above speeches appeal very strongly to the patriotic citizen who esteems the work of our forefathers in laying the foundation for this government as being of supreme importance. These principles apply to our citizenship in the matter of civil as well as religious relations existing among the people forming our great system of government. The National Reform As-sociation and some religious leaders in this country who are ambitious to make people good by legislation, have decided, as far as it is possible for them to con-trol, that the majority shall rule in re-ligious as well as in civil matters. These have brought prominently to the front, and before Congress incessantly, the de-mand to amend the Constitution of the United States, so that it shall declare this to be a Christian nation. They also de-sire that Congress shall pass legislation compelling the observance of Sunday. Of these two, the Sunday issue seems to be the great turning-point on the question of national righteousness, its advocates holding that Sunday observance is nec-essary for the salvation of the nation. s. B. H. Ł-ŁŁŁŁ-Ł Freedom and the Bible THE history of the past demonstrates that men have been permitted to worship God according to the dictates of their consciences when the Word of God has been freest and most closely followed. It is also a fact that when the Word of God was abandoned or disregarded, and infidelity bore sway, there existed bond-age, intolerance, and persecution. It should be recognized, however, that it was not because the church was domina-ting the state that liberty perished, but because the divine principle was disre-garded which was enunciated by Jesus  Christ when he said : " Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." A remarkable illustration of the truth-fulness of these statements was seen in the periods that preceded and followed the Reformation of the sixteenth century. Before the glorious light of the Reforma-tion broke upon the darkened world, the Word of God was suppressed, and tra-dition was accepted in its place. The Bible was kept from the people because the so-called guardians of the consciences of men claimed it was unsafe for the 