LIBERTY 21 tle one religious controversy and enforce one religious institution, it may logically settle all religious controversies and enforce all religious institutions, which would be the complete union of church and state and an established religion. We seek to avoid the consequences by denying the principle. We are assured that the only certain way to avoid taking the last step in this danger-ous experiment upon our liberties is to refuse to take the first step. We hold it to be the duty of civil government to protect every citizen in his right to believe or not to believe, to wor-ship or not to worship, so long as in the exercise of this right he does not interfere with the rights of others; but " to pretend to a dominion over the conscience is to usurp the prerogative of God." However desirable it may seem to us who profess the Christian faith to use the power of government to compel at least an outward respect for Christian institutions and prac-tises, yet it is contrary to the very genius of Christianity to enforce its doctrines or to forge shackles of any sort for the mind. The holy Author of our religion recog-nized this great principle in these words: " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." The triumphs of the gospel are to be won by spiritual, rather than by temporal, power ; and compulsion may be properly employed only to make men civil. Therefore, in the interest of the nation, whose prosperity we seek ; in the interest of pure religion, for whose advancement we labor; -in the interest of all classes of citizens whose rights are involved ; in the interest of a world-wide liberty of con-science, which will be affected by the ex-ample of this nation; in the interest even of those who are urging this legis-lation, who are thereby forging fetters for themselves as well as for others, we earnestly petition the Honorable Senate and House of Representatives in Congress assembled, not to enact any religious legis-lation of any kind whatsoever, and particu-larly not to pass the bills to which reference has been made in this memorial. And for these objects your memorialists, as in duty bound, will ever pray. THE GENERAL CONFERENCE OF SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS : A. G. DANIELLS, President; W. A. SPICER, Secretary. " In God We Trust " THE President makes a strong case in his letter telling why he abandoned the practise of inscribing " In God We Trust " on American gold coins. He lays stress upon the fact that the inscription is never spoken of with reverence, but has often been the subject of jest and ridicule amount-ing to sacrilege. The use of the motto on coins tends to cheapen and degrade it, in his opinion, just as it would be cheapened by using it on postage-stamps or in adver-tisements. Those who cling to the idea that the coin should bear .some reference to the Almighty, might gain a clearer conception of the difference between secular and holy things by studying the words 'of Jesus Christ when confronted by hypocrites who tried to confound him as to earthly and heavenly authority: " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." The government of the United States is strong, and the people of the United States are free, because in this country there is no mixture of religion and government A coin is a convenience of business Š" the pale and common drudge 'tween man and man." It has no conscience nor chastity, and will serve the devil as soon as God. Some months ago debate raged high over the question whether money dishonestly gained was not in itself tainted,Š a question that was threshed out a millennium ago, when Rome laconically remarked, " Non olet." The assumption that some money is tainted must make room for the twin assumption that some other money must be holy Š that the stuff itself is saintly ! If the contemner of tained money refuses to bow down to saintly gold, is he not a rebel against his own belief ? And if he does, does he not become an idolater? There is no end to the trouble that the pious man may fall into if he ventures to mix the things that are Caesar's with the things that are God's Let the coin bear a date, and the name of the authority that issues it, and the value that mankind agrees to attach to it. If Christians will but stop to think, they will find plenty of comfort in looking at the date Š those figures are significant. But there is less need of placing a pious motto upon the coin than upon the flag.ŠWashington Post. 