8 LIBERTY the succeeding generation, nor so long as " selfishness, ignorance, and violence are inherent in human nature." He further declared that " a full gospel " alone could " transform the heart and make a better world possible." Nearly all the speakers entertained the idea that " the world to come " " whereof we speak " is going to be ush-ered in gradually by sundry reforms, until finally every one will acknowledge Christ as king. They believe this is go-ing to be brought about through the acceptance of the teachings of Christ as interpreted by the National Reformers, as the basis of all law. But occasionally a speaker took issue with this political view of universal civic righteousness and salvation through hu-man processes. Dr. Charles L. Goodell, of New York, evangelist and author, spoke on the subject of " Reform and Evangelism." He said that some of the theories which he heard advanced by some at the World's Conference made his " blood run cold." He declared that a great deal had been said about " re-forming " the world Š nations and large masses of people Š through legal proc-esses, by enforcing religious require-ments, but such methods could result only in disappointment; and that much had been said about " mass movements " and a " world conscience," " but," said he, " Christ moved the masses by indi-vidual effort. He worked not from the masses down to the individual, but from the individual up to the masses. Christ did not look to the state to help his cause, but he depended upon the Holy Spirit to do his work in the hearts of indi-l'riduals. It was not the German state that brought about the Reformation of the masses, but the individual Š Martin Luther, who under God, wrought that mighty work. It was individuals like Huss, Wycliffe, Savonarola, Knox, John Wesley, and Whitefield, men who were fired with holy zeal toward God, that moved the masses. " A single individual that is fired with the Holy Spirit is worth more to God  today than ten thousand leagues, or cov-enants, or reservations, or injunctions, that are destitute of the divine Spirit. God desires to write his name upon the hearts of individuals, and not into legal documents. The only way to change the state or the masses for the better, is to see that the work of God's grace is done in individual hearts. The world needs a Spirit-filled ministry that preaches the straight gospel rather than political sci-ence. The individual must first get an individual experience, not in political science, but in the science of salvation, before he can help others to higher ground. We have been working too long at the wrong end of the line. We must come back to the gospel plan, and preach the word." Rev. Dr. T. H. Acheson, of Pittsburgh, presented a program for permanent peace. He said : " The proclamation by the Christian church of the full gospel is imperatively needed as a means to the establishment of permanent peace. The war might never have taken place if the church the world over had proclaimed its full message." Mr. O'Brien, in welcoming the visitors on behalf of the mayor, said that Pitts-burgh presented to them " the example of the most decorous observance of the Sabbath [Sunday] to be found any-where in this country." Four days later the newspapers, un-der the caption, " Sunday Closing Or-dinance Will Be Enforced by Police," published an order issued by the di-rector of the Department of Public Safety, notifying all proprietors of busi-ness establishments that the Sunday-closing ordinance would be strictly en-forced the next Sunday. The police commissioners announced through the columns of the newspapers that every business man in the Center and Wylie Avenue districts who failed to keep his establishment closed the following Sun-day, would be placed under arrest. In these districts the business men are mostly Jews. (Continued on page 20) 