32 LIBERTY LIBERTY The Official Organ of the Religious Liberty Bureau WASHINGTON, D. C., OCTOBER, 1906 Subscription Price - - 25 cents per year To Foreign Countries - 50 " " " Published Quarterly by REVIEW & HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. TAKOMA PARK STATION, WASHINGTON, D. C. Entered as second-class matter, May 1, loon, at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. WE are told in The Christian Statesman that to reject the theory that the state is in itself a moral person distinct from the people involves " the reversal of the ordi-nary moral judgment of mankind." The Statesman has fallen into the not uncom-mon error of supposing that in giving ex-pression in an emphatic manner to its own views it is voicing the conclusions of the people. This was illustrated to us in a pointed way by the fact that on the very day when we read the Statesman's unsup-ported assertion we found an editorial in the New York Sun on " Government Con-trol" in which occurred the following clean-cut statement: "There is no such entity as a government apart from the individuals who exercise governmental power." We ven-ture to claim that the Sun interprets the judgment of mankind more correctly than the Statesman. As the result of a political campaign in 1882, the Sunday law of California was repealed upon the ground that such legis-lation is unconstitutional, contrary to the principles of civil and religious liberty. and its enforcement a violation of human rights. For twenty-four years, therefore, California has been without a Sunday law. A movement directed by church leaders, however, is now on foot in that State to secure a " Sunday-rest amendment " to the State constitution as the foundation and se-curity for the Sunday legislation that is de-sired. Plans are tieing laid to have a meas- ure of this kind introduced in the State legislature at its coming session, and later submitted to the people for approval. The friends of Sunday legislation, it seems, in-tend to leave no nation, state, or spot on earth where Sunday observance is not en-forced by law. This badge and entering wedge of a union of church and state is appearing everywhere. Religious Orders in Spain ACCORDING to a press dispatch from Ma- drid the new law of associations which has been proposed in Spain will contain the following provisions:Š I. No religious order shall be estab-lished without the authorization of parlia-ment. 2. The state shall accord support to any member of a religious order desiring to re-nounce the vows taken. 3. The minister of justice is empowered to withdraw the authorization of any relig-ious order found to be inimical to morality or public tranquillity. 4. The cabinet shall forthwith examine the authorizations previously granted to re-ligious orders and cancel those which are illegal. 5. Religious orders whose members are foreigners or whose director resides abroad shall be dissolved. The authorities are em-powered to enter monasteries without eccle-siastical sanction. 6. Religious orders shall not be allowed to hold property in excess of the objects for which they were instituted. 7. All legacies to religious orders or donations to orders by living persons or by testaments or through intermediaries are formally prohibited. 8. Religious orders engaging in trade or industry shall pay the regular taxes. 9. Regulations for the dissolution of re-ligious orders will be established. To. The law of 1887 concerning: the reg-istering of religious orders remains in force. CORRECTION.Š A note in our last issue. written shortly before Congress adjourned. stated that the effort to secure a Sunday-closing clause to the Jamestown Exposition appropriation had failed. Such a clause, however, was inserted, and the measure thus amended passed Congress the day before adjournment. How this was accomplished is explained in the article on page 16 