The North Carolina Judiciary Reviews a Popular Error and Denounces It THE EDITOR CHIEF JUDGE CLARK of the supreme court of North Carolina shows clearly that the United States is not a Christian nation in a legal sense, and consequently religious institutions have no legal status with the government. We commend the decision of the supreme court of North Carolina on Sunday laws to the Okla-homa court. The Sunday laws of both Oklahoma and North Carolina are based on reli-gion; that is, their object is to foster religion. The Sunday law of Oklahoma gives a religious reason why the day should be observed. The North Caro-lina " Revised Statutes," chap. 118, sec. I, says:Š That all and every person and persons whatsoever shall, on the Lord's Day, com-monly called Sunday, carefully apply them-selves to the duties of religion and piety, and that no tradesman, artificer, planter, laborer, or other person whatsoever, shall, upon the land or water, do or exercise any labor, busi-ness, or work, of their ordinary calling (works of necessity and charity only excepted) on the Lord's Day aforesaid or any part thereof, on pain that every person so offending, being of the age of fourteen years and upward, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one dollar. " This statute," remarks the judge, " is taken from 29 Charles II, chap. 2, sec. 1, which was enacted in this colony in 1741, and reenacted after the adoption of the constitution." Consequently, the decision of Judge Clark of the supreme court of North Carolina, in Rodman vs. Robinson, 134 " North Carolina Re-ports," page 508, ought to have weight in the Oklahoma case of State vs. Krieger. Both involve the question of whether a business transaction is legal, or valid, on Sunday. Judge Clark, in de-livering his opinion, said : Š Counsel for defendant contend that Chris-tianity is a part of the law of the land, and hence, independent of any statute, the contract is invalid. If the observance of Sunday were 20 commanded by statute as an act of religion or worship, such statute would be absolutely forbidden. The Founder of the Christian re-ligion said that his kingdom was " not of this world," and under our constitutions, both State and federal, no act can be required or forbidden by statute because such an act may be in accordance with or against the religious views of any one. The First Amendment to the federal Constitution provides: " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," and the constitution of this State, Art. I, Sec. 26, reads : " All men have a natural and inalienable right to worship Al-mighty God according to the dictates of their own consciences, and no human authority should in any case whatever control or inter-fere with the rights of conscience." If, there-fore, the cessation of labor or the prohibition or the performance of any act were provided by statute for religious reasons, the statute could not be maintained. The Seventh-day Baptists and some others, as well as the He-brews, keep Saturday, and the Mohammedans observe Friday. To compel them or any one else to observe Sunday for religious reasons, would be contrary to our fundamental law.... It is incorrect to say that Christianity is a part of the common law of the land, however it may be in England, where there is union of church and state, which is forbidden here. The beautiful and divine precepts of the Naza-rene do influence the conduct of our people and individuals, and are felt in legislation and in every department of activity. They pro-foundly impress and shape our civilization. But it is by this influence that it acts, and not because it is a part of the organic law which expressly denies religion any place in the supervision or control of secular affairs. As a contemporary construction of the federal Constitution, it may be well to recall that one of the first treaties of peace made by the United States,Š that with Tripoli,Š which was sent to the Senate with the signature of George Washington, who had been president of the convention which adopted the United States Constitution, began with these words : " As the government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian religion." This treaty was ratified by the Senate. If it was presumption in Uzza to put forth his hand to stay the tottering ark of God at the threshing floor of Chidon, it is equally forbidden under our severance of 