STATUE OF GENERAL GRANT, CHICAGO, ILL Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the church, and the private school, sup-ported entirely by private contribution. Keep the state and the church forever separate.Ñ U. S. Grant. LIBERTY  25 Paul. Yea, verily, we need the spirit of the world's Great Teacher which has been manifested through his prophets and apos-tles since the world began. This spirit is the spirit of the gospel, and anything dif-ferent or contrary to it is a perversion, and unworthy of recognition by the follower of the Lord Jesus Christ. Kingdoms Compared S. B. HORTON IT is difficult to realize fully that men will so soon forget the terrible drama of the Dark Ages. It is more difficult to believe that religious lead-ers and teachers and otherwise wise men will set aside, unwit-tingly perhaps, the principles which are designed to prevent the possibility of a return to the terrors and intolerance of the era which ante-dated the seven-teenth century. Yet we find religious men and women giv-ing vent to utter-ances which, carried to their logical con-clusion, would cause a return to that dark period in kind if not i n  degree.  T h e theory advanced is perhaps best epito-mized in the following statements in an annual address of the president of the W. C. T. U. a few years ago: Ñ " A true theocracy is yet to come, and the enthronement of Christ in law and law-makers; hence I pray devoutly as a Chris-tian patriot, for the ballot in the hands of women, and rejoice that the National Women's Christian Temperance Union has so long championed this cause." " The Woman's Christian Temperance Union, local, state, national, and world-wide, has one vital, organic thought, one all-absorbing purpose, one undying enthu-siasm, and that is that Christ shall be this world's king;Ñ yea, verily, THIS WORLD'S KING in its realm of cause and  effect,Ñ king of its courts, its camps, its commerce,Ñ king of its colleges and cloi-sters,Ñ king of its customs and its consti-tutions. . . . The kingdom of Christ must enter the realm of law through the gate-way of politics. . . . We pray heaven to give them (the old parties) no rest . . . until they shall . . . swear an oath of alle-giance to Christ in politics, and march in one great army up to the polls to worship God." However 'earnest or sincere may have been the one who uttered it, this contains the same error which wrecked the early Christian Church Ñ the kingdom of Christ by law through the gateway of politics. It was first the favor of the emperor; then compelling the peo-ple to show respect for Sunday; then the conversion of the emperor, which was taken as a signal for the " conversion " of the world; and then the bringing of men to the service of the Lord through fear of law, as advocated by the great St. Augustine, which theory, as the his-torian Neander tells us, " contained the germ of that whole system of spiritual despotism, of intol-erance and persecution, which ended in the tribunals of the Inquisition." Such was the result of the theocratical theory advanced and adopted by the early Christian church. But how different was the attitude and teaching of Christ himself in regard to earthy kingdoms and earthy kingship ! When, in his temptation in the wilderness, he was offered by the tempter all the king-doms of the world, he said, " Get thee hence. Satan." Matt. 4 : 8-1o. When he wrought the miracle of feeding five thousand from the small stock of five loaves and two small fishes, the people at-tempted to force earthy kingship upon him; but the record says that he sent the people 