4)  M.11),IMMATANAIWAMIA4MA .41)MtMLA41.!WAXILIAI_' .1,iŁ.TA),UVRAPSIMISULSWIPAMPIAMPV,S)PAW4  Ł Ł-2,  l ,x Sunday Law Repealed by the t People on Referendum fj  By George A. Snyder VI t .1,-- ..C. ii rafarowi--erivirorre,--mititayerwiriiiinicrierier-irmorwai-weiverreitaararforreahaarivitoroyerriiivii THE city of Redondo Beach, Cali-fornia, has finally repudiated its very unpopular Sunday law. This measure was very peculiar in its make-up. Section 1 provided that the ordi-nance should be in force for only eight months in the year, beginning with Oc-tober. Sections 2 and 3 provided that the law should apply only to groceries and meat markets, and defined a " grocer or butcher " to be any person or corpora-tion dealing in any articles " usually car-ried for sale in grocery stores or meat shops." There are many other places of busi-ness Š especially in a seaside resort like Redondo Š which carry many articles usually found in groceries and meat mar-kets. All of these other shopkeepers had suddenly become either grocers or butch-ers in the eyes of the law. One case, that of Mr. C. A. Sweetser, who per-sisted in keeping his place of business open on Sunday, was finally brought to jury trial. A short time before the date set for trial we printed and distributed throughout the city a leaflet showing the inconsistencies and dangerous tendencies of the ordinance. Of course, the court had hard work in finding twelve men who had formed no opinion whatever concern-ing the matter. Several times when the jury box seemed almost full, the defense counsel suddenly challenged one or more jurors because they belonged to religious organizations which observed Sunday as a day of worship. Such prospective jurors were invariably excused by the court. A jury was at last secuned, however, and the trial was started. The city at-torney made quick work in, calling his 82 witnesses, and getting their testimony be-fore the jury. His chief witnesses were both officers who admitted that they had passed many open candy stores, cigar stores, etc., on their way to arrest Mr. Sweetser, and that they had not actually seen the defendant selling anything at all. They had only seen him, out in his garage working on his machine. When cross-questioned, one of these officers, being asked if he had himself bought anything of Mr. Sweetser that day, after blushing perceptibly, answered, " Not that Sunday." In his opening and closing arguments the city prosecutor did not attempt to defend the law at all, but only to impress upon the jury that they must convict, no matter how bad they might know the law to be. They must confine them-selves solely to the question of its viola-tion, good or bad. He also reminded the judge that he must so instruct the jury, and that he must force the counsel for the defense not to say anything at all against the law, and to confine himself solely to proving, if he could, that the law had not been violated. He displayed marked ability in persuading judge and jury that this unquestionably bad law which he himself had framed, must be rigidly enforced so long as it remained a law. Notwithstanding all this, however, the defense counsel in his argument several times sailed into the inconsistency and unconstitutionality of the law like a veritable battle plane swooping down from the sky. He went so fast that he always managed to get in some good shots before the city prosecutor could object and have him called to order. 