LIBERTY 45 came " by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony," loving not their lives unto the death. The Trend of Scientific Thought Away From Religious Belief, by Horatio Oliver Ladd. Richard G. Badger, The Gorham Press, Boston, Mass.; price, 75 cents. This short treatise of twenty-nine pages, in two divisions, makes plain, beyond the possibility of question, that the trend of scientific thought is away from religious belief and largely agnostic in nature. With the author's conclusion we must agree: " There can be no reconstruction of re-ligious beliefs on the basis of scientific ma-terialism." Garibaldi and the Thousand, by George Macaulay Trevelyan. Longmans, Green & Co., 39 Paternoster Row, London; or New York City; cloth, well illustrated, 395 pages ; price, $2.25. The experiences of this great liberator and unifier are told in a most interesting man-ner. The reader's attention can not lag dur-ing the perusal of this work. Perhaps never in so short a time were events of so great importance to a nation crowded in upon one another so swiftly. It will abundantly repay thoughtful perusal. A clue to the author's es-timate of the Papacy is given in these words : " Finally, we witness the success of the most hazardous enterprises; the fall of kingdoms and principalities ; the dismemberment of the most ancient and terrible theocracy of the Western world." Liberty of Conscience Under Three Tsars, by Robert Sloan Latimer. Fleming H. Revell, 158 Fifth Ave., New York City; or 8o Wabash Ave., Chicago; cloth, well illustrated with half-tones and maps, 244 pages ; price, $1.50 net. This work covers the period from 1856-1909. The struggle for religious liberty in Russia during that period, marked by intense devotion and sacrifice, during which men, women, and children have suffered the keenest persecution, counting not their own lives dear unto them-selves, is replete with incidents which awaken the largest sympathy for, and admiration of, those who have sought to be true to conscience. The record is often most tragic, and can but awaken sympathy for the new movement now in progress in that land so long barred against the light of the open Bible. No one can read this account of that terrible struggle without getting a new understanding of what liberty of conscience means, and a new appreciation of the soul-rights of his fellow men. Islam, A Challenge to Faith, by Samuel M. Zwemer, secretary Student Volunteer Movement. Published by Student Volunteer Movement, New York ; cloth, 295 pages ; price, $t. This book is well worth the careful study of Christians; for the marvelous spread of  Mohammedanism in nearly every land pre-sents one of the most formidable forces con-fronting Christianity known in our world to-day. The Moslem does not consider himself an atheist, neither an infidel, nor a heathen. He is a worshiper of Allah, the one great God; he has what is to him a true prophet, Mo-hammed ; and he has his Bible, the Koran. To all of these the Mohammedan manifests no little devotion, often outstripping in zeal the Christian. But few Moslems have ever been won to Christianity. Surely here is a chal-lenge to the faith of the follower of the meek and lowly Christ to take the gospel of peace into the strongholds of Islam's devotees. This book contains a wealth of information upon a subject which is practically a closed book to the great Christian world, but an important and interesting subject, and one upon which Christian leaders will soon find it necessary to inform themselves. Spain of To-day From Within, by Manuel Andujar, a Protestant Christian minister, na-tive of Spain. Fleming H. Revell Company, New York City; cloth, 220 pages, illustrated ; price, $1.25 net. This is an interesting, enter-taining, and instructive work by a Protestant clergyman who is not afraid to tell the truth about the conditions he finds in priest-ridden Spain. What he has seen of Rome in his study of conditions in Spain, Cuba, and Porto Rico leads him to say this of the system: " Roman-ism is rather a political than a religious sys-tem, whose object is to wield power, and have exclusive dominion over men's consciences and bodies, in the name of religion." The book tells many interesting things with reference to the past history of Spain as well as of present conditions there. The facts brought out in this book will help in refuting the claim of the hierarchy as to the fostering of morality, edu-cation, and temporal and spiritual progress. Pope or Christ, Giving Plain, Undisput-able Facts to Prove Many of Rome's Doc-trines and Practises to Be Unchristian, Contrary to the Bible and to the Early Apos-tolic Church, With Proofs That the Pope Is Not Infallible, by Rex E. Doyl, Howell, Mich. Paper covers, 224 pages ; price, 25 cents. Order of R. B. Neal, Pikeville, Ky. This little work is a veritable hand-book of ready ref-erence for use in meeting the claims of the Roman hierarchy. The Struggle for Religious Liberty in Virginia, a documentary history, by Charles F. Jones, D. D. Review and Herald, Wash-ington, D. C.; 272 pages; price, $1.25. This is an authentic history of the experiences of the people of Virginia under the church-and-state regime, and also of the valiant efforts which finally resulted in freedom of conscience in that State. It is specially valuable because of the large number of quotations from original documents. 