124 LIBERTY imparted in the home, the church, and the denominational school, we do not see how it would be possible to make this a part of the public-school curriculum without doing injustice to certain classes  of citizens, and without involving others in theological disputes and wrangles over dogmas. Keep the state and the church separate. Their union will be an injury to both. Nullifying Constitutional Guaranties IN guaranteeing the equality of citi-zens before the law, the framers of the national Constitution considered it nec-essary to specify some of the things guaranteed. Among those thus specified, and essential to that equality, are free-dom of religion, freedom of speech, and freedom of the press. We have shown in these pages, from issue to issue, the dangers that threaten the first of these, freedom of religion, and the combinations that have been, and are now being, effected to control re-ligious belief and make religious prac-tises matters of legal enactment. We have shown the danger threatening the freedom of the press in the proposed leg-islation that would exclude from mailing privileges publications unfriendly to a certain church. The supporters of both these movements have thus been working for ends that were in opposition to what the Constitution framers considered es-sential to the equality of citizens. The other of the three guaranties men-tioned is being attacked in various parts of the country. One of the most striking manifestations of opposition to this constitutional guaranty Š freedom of speech Š was witnessed recently in the city of St. Louis, Mo., when Lieut.-Gen. Nelson A. Miles, who has held the high-est military office in the gift of the na-tion, found it impossible to address an audience of American citizens on one of the most vital issues of the day, and had to leave the city with his lecture un-delivered. General Miles has espoused the cause  of Constitutional guaranties, and is call-ing the attention of the public to the dangers which threaten the rights of the people. He stands for the principles in-corporated in the Declaration of Inde-pendence and the Constitution of the United States. Standing - upon such principles, the people can not but con-sider as their enemies those who attack him and oppose and ridicule the prin-ciples for which he is contending. General Miles was scheduled to de-liver an address in the auditorium of the Odeon in St. Louis on the evening of May 24 on the general topic of " Amer-ica's Danger." He also had contracted with the Second Baptist Church to use its auditorium for a similai address. On arriving in St. Louis, he found both his contracts canceled. Influences inimical to the principles for which he stood, and therefore inimical to the Constitution of the United States and to the guaranteed rights of the people, had been at work to stifle freedom of speech in St. Louis. No theater can obtain a license to do business unless it is properly equipped with fire-escapes. The only way in which the Odeon could thus be equipped was to secure permission to extend its fire-escape over some property belonging to the Catholic Church. When the pastor of the Catholic Church, N. L. Franzen, learned that General Miles was to speak in the Odeon, he notified the manager that unless the contract with General Miles was canceled, the church would compel him to take down the fire-escape. This would mean that the theater would 