Official American Documents on Religious Liberty CLAUDE E. HOLMES THERE is fast creeping into legal de-cisions and into religious teachings a most ingenious and dangerous interpretation of religious liberty, which is being espe--cially used in the campaign for stricter Sunday observance enforced by civil law. Religious liberty thus defined means that on Sunday all work and pleasure must cease. Only by this means can the re-ligious liberty of Sunday observers be secured. Thus they totally ignore the religious liberty of all other citizens of this nation. It is a well-known fact that the vast majority of the Sunday laws found at the present time upon our State statute books were placed there by religious persons especially for the protection of their reli-gious beliefs. John A. Fitch, expert in the New York Bureau of Statistics, made an exhaustive study of superior court decisions bearing on Sunday legislation. His investigations were published in the New York State Department of Labor Bulletin, Septem-ber, 191o. Of colonial times, he says : Š " The legislation of those times bore marked evidence of the extreme religious sentiments then prevailing, and Sunday laws were enacted not to protect man, but to protect a religious institution. " Accordingly, these laws, religious in the beginning, have maintained their religious characteristics down to the present time. Forty-five States, besides Alaska, Hawaii, and Porto Rico, have Sunday laws on their statute books, and it needs but a brief examination to con-vince one that their spirit is still primarily religious. In many of them it is apparent in the reference to the day of rest as the ' Sabbath,' the ' Lord's Day,' or the ' Lord's Day, commonly called the Sab-bath.' " Not until 1844 was the constitutionality of Sunday laws upheld on other than re-ligious grounds. It was in that year that it was declared that such a statute came I 7g under what is known as the " police power." From 1844 to 1867 there was more or less confusion. Some laws were up-held on religious grounds, and others as police regulations. But from 1869 to the present, Sunday laws have been quite generally regarded as police regulations. Such interpretation is contrary to the principles of true jurisprudence. It is placing upon these statutes a construc-tion entirely at variance with the minds of those who originally enacted them. They should be repealed, for they are out of harmony with our free institu-tions. There has been a tendency during the last twenty-five years to enforce these regulations, with all their objectionable religious inhibitions. The letter of these statutes is so much at war with the prin-ciples of liberty long enjoyed by the people of the United States that many have resented their enforcement. This feeling, combined with the increase of education and information regarding re-ligious liberty principles, is forcing a new line of reasoning upon champions of Sunday legislation. A baseball player in Pennsylvania was arrested and fined for engaging in this game on Sunday. The case was appealed, and the judge, William C. Ryan, in hand-ing down the decision of the court, July 8, 1913, said, quoting from Johnston Versus the Commonwealth, 22 Pa., IO2:-- " Our fathers, who planted in our fun-damental law the assertion of those im-mortal truths, that all men have a natural and indefeasible right to worship Al-mighty God according to the dictates of their own consciences, that no man can be compelled to attend, erect, or sup-port any place of public worship, and that no human authority can in any case whatever control or interfere with the 