plate just a little lighter than usual, both resolve to renew the somewhat quiescent agitation for a more rigid Sunday law, one that will stop Sunday excursions and as far as possible keep people in the city on that day. But of course neither pastor nor dea-con dares to give the true reason. It would never do to say, " We want a law to fill our church, and incidentally to swell the Sunday contribution ; " but they say, " There are so many thousands of poor men working on the street- and steam-car lines, who need the day off, that in the interests of labor we demand that Sunday travel of all kinds be re-duced to the minimum by means of stringent laws that will secure to these poor men their day of rest." The real object, however, of Sunday laws is not to secure to the workingmen their day of rest, but to force upon them such a day, a day so barren of all other employments and enjoyments, as to cause them to seek relief from ennui by at-tending church. Of course the object is a worthy one. People ought to attend church ; they ought to worship God : but the state ought not to attempt to compel this, even indirectly. There is a principle of law that for-bids the doing of a thing indirectly that may not be done directly. There is an element of fraud or deception in every-thing of that kind, no matter how worthy the object; hence the rule of law re-ferred to. In his book, " The Sabbath for Man," Dr. Wilbur F. Crafts, a professional agitator for Sunday enforcement, de-votes a whole chapter to an attempt to show that Sunday laws are consistent with liberty ; but instead of showing that, he shows very clearly their reli-gious character, and their real purpose. One of his propositions is that " the right of rest for each requires a law of rest for all."Š Page 206. In other words, all must rest or none can do so ! The proposition is negatived every week in the year in all our cities, for there are  lu all these centers of population many conscientious persons who do rest while others work. Even the insignificant mi-nority of only seven tenths of one per cent of the total population,Š Seventh Day Baptists and Seventh-day Advent-ists, at whom Mr. Crafts sneers,Š find no difficulty in keeping the Sabbath with all the world busy around them. But the real purpose of Sunday laws is confessed by Mr. Crafts on page 139 of his book, where he approvingly quotes from another this expression of opinion : " Once take away the sacredness of Sun-day, and you only open another twenty-four hours to the avarice and cupidity of man." And again a similar quotation is introduced on page 186 in support of the Crafts idea : " The barrier between a day of rest and religion, and o:e of drudgery and dissipation, is only the sacredness of the day " (italics mine). " From the rough hodman to the accom-plished editor, the sacredness of the day is the laborer's only shield" (italics his). Mr. Crafts insists that it is the duty of the state to preserve what he calls the Sabbath, and then attempts to prove that an essential feature of that institu-tion is its sacredness. But how can such a day be a " civil Sabbath " ? If a religious rest day recognized and enforced by law becomes thereby a " civil Sabbath," does not a church rec-ognized and supported by the state be-come a civil church ? Š Most certainly it does. The fact is that Mr. Crafts wants not only the several States, but likewise the nation, to enforce by civil law an insti-tution which is by his own showing es-sentially religious, an absolutely essen-tial element of which is sacredness. Do we not rightly insist that the success of such a propaganda would practically mean a union of church and state ? Our position is that Sunday laws should be only permissive ; that is, they should seek to secure to as many as pos-sible the privilege of rest, but attempt to impose it upon none. Let the individual 