112 LIBERTY lowing his employee to work on seven consecutive days. An exception must be from that part of the act to which the penalty is attached, and this would ex-empt janitors and watchmen from the law and its penalty, allowing them to combine the business of an employer with the duties of janitors or watch-men, and being exempt from the act, they could continue any work, through their employees, every day. These are some of the principles of government, together with some of the  errors and absurdities of the proposed law. Every free man who can support his family and pay his debts is by inherent, natural right entitled to just as much rest as he chooses to take, either by day or by night. He is entitled to his own choice as to the place and manner of resting. Civil government has no more right to direct the rest by day than it has to direct it at night. The right of choice in these matters is a divine right. San Diego, Cal. Is Sabbath Legislation Necessary? W. W. PRESCOTT IN this time of demand for compul-sory Sunday observance, an object-lesson may be found in the fact that there are in this country more than one hundred thousand Christians who observe the sev-enth-day Sabbath, and their number is constantly increasing. They are scattered throughout every State in the Union, and live in the cities, in the towns, and in the country districts. The day which they observe as the Sabbath has become the busiest day of the week in the com-mercial world, and they are surrounded by those who are pursuing their ordinary work on that day. When they go to their places of worship, their eyes neces-sarily behold what they regard as a dese-cration of a holy day, and their ears are saluted with the hum of secular industry. They would be glad to have all observe the Sabbath " according to the command-ment," and thus honor the Creator, but they never have asked, and never will ask, for legislative enactments which would compel others to pay an outward regard to this day; all must be fully convinced by their own consciences that they ought to keep it holy. These ob-servers of the seventh day simply ask to be left free to observe the day of their choice without being fined either directly or indirectly,Š without being compelled to pay a fine in money into the state treasury or to pay a fine in the way  of loss of time by enforced idleness upon a day which the Scriptures designate as a working day,Š and they freely con-cede to others the civil right to work on the seventh day of the week and to rest on another day if they choose to do so, or to refuse to observe any day as the Sabbath. Now if such a body of Christian ob-servers of the seventh day of the week can be developed in this country by the power of conscientious conviction alone, in the face of all those circumstances which the advocates of Sunday observ-ance regard as so fatal to their cause, is it not apparent that no Christian institu-tion needs the support of the civil power? We commend this object-lesson to the consideration of those who are claiming that what they designate as " the Chris-tian sabbath " will perish from the earth unless they can secure the passage of laws to protect and preserve it. Madison's Prophecy Fulfilled W. F. MARTIN IN the annals of Congress for the year 1789, the statesmen were discussing the advisability of adopting the First Amendment to the national Constitution, which asserted that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exer- 