126  LIBERTY EVERYBODY is now too busy with the great political campaign to say or do much concerning Sunday laws, but be it known that the particu-larly mischievous Sunday bill introduced last spring is not dead, but only sleeping, quietly awaiting the reassembling of Congress. Which-ever party wins, we may expect at that time a renewed assault upon the liberties of the people in the shape of an insistent demand that Sunday rest be made compulsory in the District of Columbia. lt SY SY HUMAN governments are ordained of God for the good of mankind, but not in the sense that they partake in any degree of divinity. They have no power to command men under sin. No moral obligation attaches to any human law un-less it exists in the very nature of things; and with all just law, this is the case. Civil society is a great blessing, and every man should bear his share of the burdens incident thereto. This makes the payment of just and equitable taxes a moral obligation. The " moral obligation " comes, however, not from the civil but from the moral law as expressed in the,golden rule: "All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets." INDIVIDUAL responsibility directly to God makes at once and forever impossible any right on the part of any man or of any government to any legitimate authority over any other man's conscience. If God has given human governments any authority over the consciences of their subjects, then not the divine law, but human statutes must necessarily be the ultimate standard of righteousness. All men are alike in the sight of God, and all are alike amenable to the divine law. The king upon his throne must finally stand and be judged at the same tribunal to which the, hum-blest of his subjects shall answer. Nor can the subject plead before that tribunal that a law or decree of his earthly sovereign freed him from obligation to obey the law of God. The Creator has not committed to men the inter-pretation or administration of his law. SY  W OUR estimate of the Puritans should be made, not from the standpoint of our own day, but with reference to their environment. We are all largely creatures of circumstance. Training very largely makes us what we are. Puritanism had its origin in an age when church and state were united, and when it was supposed to be just as much the duty of civil rulers to punish heresy as we now believe it to  be their duty to punish theft, murder, or any of the graver crimes against civil society. The Puritans were not the first to entertain the theocratie theory of government, nor did that theory become extinct with the death of the Puritan theocracy. The National Reformers of our own day hold very similar views; and judging from their own statements, we must believe that they would go quite as far in en-forcing the laws they crave as did the men of colonial Massachusetts. THAT " politics is a thing that can be carried to church and that it should be mixed with reli-gion," was the statement made by Mrs. Mary Settle Sharpe, of North Carolina, Republican candidate for State superintendent of public instruction, some weeks ago. As Mrs. Sharpe probably meant it, this is true. We would, however, turn the statement around, and say that religion should be mixed not only with politics, but with everything a Christian does. The Bible rule for Christians is, " Whether therefore ye eat, or drink, or whatso-ever ye do, do all to the glory of God." This does not mean, however, that political power is to be used to coerce our fellow men into religion. The Christian should be honest wherever he is and in everything that he does. When he votes, he should have the best interests of the public in view. In this sense religion certainly ought to be mixed with politics, but never in the sense of using political power for the furtherance of religion. " Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." Zech. 4: 6. SY St SY A DISPATCH from Rome, under date of Au-gust 17, told of seven persons killed, one of them a monk, in a riot at Siena, Italy, when Socialists attacked a religious procession. This is a phase of Socialism that is hard for an American to understand. Does Socialism mean the nationalization not only of public utilities and national resources, but of religious belief as well, so that every man shall become not only a cog in the national industrial wheel, but simply a parrot to recite and a hypocrite to profess the creed dictated to him by the state? This may be the goal of the Reds, but we cannot believe that many Americans will be found who are willing to subscribe to it. Individualism may be carried to an extreme in worldly matters, but not in religion. The Lord deals with men only as individuals. There is no collective bargaining with God. " Whosoever will " may come and buy " without money and without price," but each individual must come for himself. It is for this reason that civil governments can never of right have anything to do with religion. 