64 LIBERTY International Reform Bureau vs. Fourth Commandment REV. WILBUR F. CRAFTS, Ph. D., in his capacity as the " International Reform Bu-reau, Inc.," advertises and sells a 30 x 40 com-mandment chart in which the fourth, or Sab-bath, commandment is printed just as it ap-pears in the King James Bible, familiar to all English-reading Protestants for the last three centuries. The wonder of it is that while using a Bible and selling a chart that says, " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," Dr. Crafts, or anybody else for that mat-ter, should make as strenuous efforts as some do to exalt another day at the expense of the day so definitely specified in the fourth com-mandment. If Dr. Crafts believes that the fourth com-mandment is still of obligation, how dare he not only disregard it himself, but try in every way to induce, and even to compel, others to disregard it? He knows well and will scarcely deny that during the former, or Levitical, dis-pensation, the fourth commandment enjoined the keeping of the seventh day of the week, or to be exact, of the twenty-four hours between sunset Friday and sunset Saturday. But now without a single line of Bible warrant for any change, Dr. Crafts not only keeps the twenty-four hours from 12 midnight Saturday to 12 midnight Sunday, but insists upon a law that shall compel everybody to do the same in this respect that he does. Now nobody denies that so far as his fellow man is concerned, Dr. Crafts has a perfect right to observe as a Sabbath any twenty-four hours he sees fit thus to keep. But has not every other man exactly the same right? Why, then, should the doctor and his Reform Bureau seek to coerce others to do as they do in this matter? Why print and circulate copies of the fourth commandment just as it appears in the Bible and at the same time demand of Congress and State legislatures statutes that are designed to compel the general observance of another day instead of the day named in the commandment/ This is a pertinent question. B. fu 1L< kr The Stalking Horse THE cartoon on the opposite page shows only a modern phase of an old custom. Men long ago observed that wild animals and birds were not alarmed by the approach of horses or cattle. Taking advantage of this fact, they were wont to steal within shooting distance of game, hidden behind an ox or a horse used as a " blind." " One underneath his horse, to get a shoot doth stalk," wrote Drayton nearly three centuries ago, and the practice is still in vogue in principle; for while hunting game in that manner is not so common as when more primi- tive weapons were in use, " blinds " and sub-terfuges are still employed by men in securing things that might escape them if sought openly. This is especially true of the more modern efforts to secure Sunday legislation. The " blind," or stalking horse, most frequently used is the so-called " civil Sunday," a religious day, or institution, the observance of which is enforced by civil law. a. Church Federation ON another page we print a brief report of " A Meeting in the Interest of the Federation of Churches." This report contains some inter-esting facts, and some disquieting ones as well. No Christian can object to a federation of churches for the purpose of doing more effec-tive gospel work. This is what ought to be done. But when churches federate for the purpose of strengthening themselves politically, that is quite another question. There are a good many people in South Da-kota who, instead of keeping Sunday, observe the ancient Sabbath, the seventh day of the week, abstaining from all secular labor and business from sunset Friday evening till sunset Saturday evening. Now suppose that these people were to inau-gurate a movement to secure a State law, mak-ing all labor and business unlawful on the seventh day, what would the church federation-ists say about it? Would they not say, and say truly, that the seventh-day people were endeavoring by means of a civil law, to secure an advantage for their peculiar faith/ Is it not just as true that those Sunday-keeping Christians who are demanding a more stringent Sunday law, are endeavoring by means of a civil law to gain an advantage for their religion We marvel that every one cannot see how inconsistent it is for Americans to clamor for laws enforcing the observance of any religious institution. B. IV IV It! OUR forefathers who died that liberty, truth, and justice might prevail, personified the spirit of freedom. The civic structure that they reared was founded upon the eternal principles of truth and right, and it was their aim and purpose that we should forever maintain the inalienable rights and privileges of every citi-zen and jealously safeguard them from any insidious attempts to strangle or repress them. Unless world reconstruction maintains a stead-fast adherence to these lofty precepts of uni-versal justice, individual rights, and democratic ideals of representative government, the ship of state will encounter a rougher sea than any political maelstrom of bygone days.  