omPol Sun  AIM pm railLion 'GIP PP  or?  It wErT"yEN YE NOAMON N counrYOPTION 1 1 LIBERTY 43 (125 come from a certain source suggests only to fools the hasty annihilation of the source before studying whether greater evils might not result from its destruction, and without asking whether the evils might not be reduced, and the good from the same source remain un-touched and untampered with. Even if a hollow tooth aches, the modern dentist does not think of pulling it ; that would be the remedy of the TEMPERANCE MAP OF THE STATE OF INDIANA clumsy village barber. The evils of drink exist, and to neglect their cure would be criminal, but to rush on to the conclusion that every vineyard ought, therefore, to be devastated, is unworthy of the logic of a self-governing nation." Into the mind of the unprejudiced reader rushes a multitude of thoughts. Will the arguments employed in the pre-ceding excerpt stand before the X-ray of reason and experience? Can the liquor traffic be compared to the railroads of our land, to the women in our homes, and to the tooth which faithfully grinds man's food? These, when not perverted, all render good service. But does the liquor traffic serve any good purpose?  Its business must make drunkards or fail. It is in itself a vice! The logical product of the traffic has proved to be depleted pocketbooks, shattered health, wrecked manhood, and lost hopes. Fur-thermore, if those railroad accidents for which drink is in some way respon-sible were eliminated, would the psychol-ogist's comparison be possible? How many of those fallen women met their own ruin in the dive of some saloon? No hand should be raised to destroy any good industry in the land; but if the evils of the liquor traffic were abolished, what would remain save the opportunity to turn the now worse than wasted prod-ucts into channels of blessing to human-ity? Let the men on both sides of the saloon bar go about relieving the sor-row and the poverty which the traffic has made. Let the vineyards in this fair land serve the good purpose for which the Creator intended them. Again: whence conies the wealth that flows through the liquor traffic into the national treasury? The money which the traffic draws from the public in one year " would meet all the net expenses of the government, and not only pension all the disabled soldiers, and give an old-age pension of twenty dollars a month to all persons over sixty years, but would also provide for the education of each child in the United States from five to eighteen years of age." The silver dol-lars used yearlyfor liquor, when laid one on top of the other, it is said, would make a column two thousand nine hun-dred ninety-two miles high. In return, the traffic gives to the nation nothing to clothe, to feed, to develop, or to comfort her people. For value received it gave, during one year, about " two thousand five hundred smothered babes, five thousand suicides, ten thousand mur-ders, sixty thousand fallen girls, three thousand murdered wives, forty thou- sand widowed mothers, one hundred thousand paupers, one hundred thousand orphaned children, one hundred thousand criminals, one hundred thousand drunk-ards' graves, one hundred thousand fallen boys." 