122 LIBERTY cost of their conscience." But the per-son who is willing to have the truth mar-tyred instead of himself should never be numbered among the truly great and worthy of earth. On the other hand, the state should never make laws that will require a man to lay down his life in order to be true to his God, to truth, and to his conscience. If the state legislates on religious questions over which there is much dissension, she cannot expect that those who have the mettle of mar-tyrs and whose hearts beat true to un-seared consciences, will obey religious statutes contrary to their convictions. If refusing to obey a religious law en-acted by the state is anarchy and treason, then Christ and his apostles were guilty of treason. They could have saved their lives by yielding to an unjust religious law, but they refused to obey the re-quirements of the rulers in this respect, and forfeited their lives. There is no more effective way to bring the world to its senses and to have cruel and unjust laws struck from the statute-books than to baptize the truth in the blood of martyrs. Tte. " SUNDAY laws penalize legitimate labor and avocations, and place frugality and industry in the catalogue of crime. If industry is criminal on Sunday, it must be the same on the other six days of the week. If it is a crime to do unnec-essary work on Sunday, why is it not a crime on Monday ? " You may answer, ' It is a crime on Sunday and not on Monday because the civil law declares it to be so.' But law in the abstract does not make a deed a crime, for there are laws that are right and laws that are wrong. Some are just and others are unjust. Therefore law it-self does not settle the right or the wrong of things, since we are forced to admit that many wrong laws have been enacted. " A just and right law is based upon reason and science, just as much as the laws of nature are in harmony with reason and true science. A just law does not rest upon an arbitrary decision, but must give a reason for its existence. Our judiciary often fall into the gross error of basing their decisions of justice upon precedents in law, without considering whether the act itself is or is not in har-mony with the immutable law of right and nature. All our judicial decisions, and all our statutes, should be founded upon justice and natural rights, and there is just as much science and reason in right laws as there is in the laws of true sci-ence and mathematics." iv THE governor of Rhode Island, ac-cording to the Pawtucket Evening Times of May 5, 1913, vetoed a Sunday bill that was passed by the legislature. This bill permitted " the sale of ice-cream, soda-water, cigars, and other articles of this class on Sundays." The Evening Times says : Š " The governor's veto of the Sunday-selling act was hailed as a victory by the Ministers' Union in session in the Mat-thewson Street Church when the an-nouncement of the veto was made. . . . Those who opposed the bill in the house," we are told, assumed " the at-titude of the ministers who opposed the measure. On learning of the veto today, the Ministers' Union accorded the gov-ernor a rising vote of thanks." This sounds very much like a union of church and state in Rhode Island. Yet these same churchmen have the audacity to tell us that it is purely civil legislation, and the church has nothing to do with it. Why did not the Ministers' Union send a " vote of thanks " to the governor for passing or vetoing all other purely civil laws? Why discriminate as a religious organization? 