`NC114710 - ) LIBERTY 11 in respect to the worship of God; for, whenever religion and the state have been joined, the resulting combination has assumed the right to regulate the re- ligious faith and practise of the people, and has always favored its votaries and frowned upon or punished those who re- jected its interference and exercised the right of conscience. The most conscien- tious and naturally law-abiding members of the community are thus stigmatized as criminals and outlaws, while a pre- mium is placed upon blind subserviency to the dictates of the usurping power. These are the results of such a com- bination. It was to protect the people of this country from such an unhappy condition that the founders of the nation provided for the complete separation of church and state. It is to undo what they did that strong organizations in this country are now clamoring for religious laws, and for the remodeling of the Con-stitution upon a " Christian basis." Every step in that direction is a step back into the darkness and soul-thraldom of co-lonial days and of the Dark Ages. It is the duty of every Christian who loves his Maker, who appreciates the blessed privilege of coming to him direct with his troubles and his sins, who appreciates the priceless privilege of worshiping the Author of his being according to the dictates of his own conscience Š it is his duty, I say, to oppose with all the power of his being the influences that are now at work in this country to unite religion and the state, and domineer over the con-sciences and the souls of men. The at-tempt to dismember the Union was put down at a terrible cost in men and means. The attempt to undermine the very foun-dation of the whole national structure goes on from year to year, unabated and determined to succeed. From year to year the legislatures of the States and the national Congress are besieged with increasing zeal in the effort to secure  legislation of a religious character ; to commit legislatures and legislators to the idea of a union of religion and the state ; to secure such revision of laws and amendment of constitutions as will make States and nation appear to be religious. But when the program is viewed as a whole, it is seen to involve the complete extinction of the national structure as it was, and the putting in its place an im-age of those oppressive governments against which its establishment was the grandest protest of the age. The ques-tion which Americans of this generation must answer is, " Shall the American government continue as our fathers founded it, a national guarantee of civil and religious liberty, or be transformed into a hierarchy, ignoring the natural rights of men, and operating with all its powers and functions in the interests of a church?" The question is not merely an academic one. It will be answered. The American people of this generation are to decide how it shall be answered. C. M. S. The Present Status of Religious Legislation in Congress THE Sixty-first Congress had been convened in extraordinary session but a few days when two religious measures which had been introduced in the Sixtieth Congress, but failed of passage, were re-introduced. These were the Johnston District Sunday bill, and a joint resolu-tion proposing a religious amendment to the Constitution of the United States. The first, known as Senate Bill No. 404, was introduced in the Senate March 22, 1909, by Senator Johnston, of Alabama, the same gentleman who introduced the same measure in the preceding Congress ; and the latter, known as House Joint Resolution No. 17, was introduced into the House March 18, 1909, by Mr. Shep-pard, of Texas. In the previous Con- 