18 LIBERTY of divinity upon it. It is one of the most perplexing questions the clergy have to deal with. If they take the position that the Lord authorized his apostles to change the day in commemoration of his resurrection from the dead, they are at once confronted with three troublesome propositions. Eirst, there is no record of such dele-gation of authority, but much Scripture proof that God's entire law is unchange-able, immutable. Second, the apostles never taught any one that there was a change of the day, and they themselves taught the keeping of " the commandments "Š and kept them. Paul's conduct in this regard and John's admonition' to the early church (Acts 18 : I-II ; 28: 17 ; I John 2 : 3, 4) should be sufficient proof of this. If Paul had been keeping Sunday instead of the seventh day, the Jews could have successfully contradicted him to the face when he declared that he had done " noth-ing against the people, or customs of our fathers." It was the most distinctive cus-tom of the Jewish " fathers " to keep the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath of Jehovah. Paul was not out of har-mony with them in that regard. He kept the day they kept. More than that, history shows that there was no change on the part of the general church,  body in the matter of sabbath-keeping until long after the death of the apostles. Whence came the change? The Cath-olic Church answers the question by de-claring " the Christian sabbath " (Sun-day) to be " the genuine offspring of the union of the Holy Spirit with the Cath-olic' Church, his spouse." Š Catholic Mirror, Sept. 23, 1903. The same writer further declares, in the same article, " The Catholic ChUrch for over one thou-sand years before the existence of a Prot-estant,' by virtue of her divine mission, &ilged the 'day from Saturday to Sun-day." The leaders of that church dis- tinctly repudiate the idea that the New Testament teaches the change of the day of the Sabbath or that Christ or his apos-tles ever intimated that there was to be a change. The Catholic Church did it, and declares she had the right to do so. Third, there was already established one sufficient ordinance to commemorate the resurrection of Jesus from the dead Š the ordinance of baptism. Whoever follows his Lord in that ordinance, declares by that act his faith in the resur-rection of his Lord. Wherever that or-dinance is performed, Christ's resurrec-tion is commemorated, and men declare to the world their faith in its efficacy. Had the resurrection required another or-dinance of commemoration,,it would have been the province of the Lord himself to say what it should be; and it is not sup-posable that he would have been com-pelled to destroy his own divinely ap-pointed memorial of.creation in order to find a suitable memorial for the resur-rection. Neither did he. Jehovah's me-morial of creation, the Sabbath of the decalogue, has never been abrogated. It is binding upon Christians to-day. Said the Methodist Episcopal bishops in their Pastoral of 1874: " The Sabbath insti-tuted in the beginning and confirmed again and again by Moses and the proph-ets, has never been abrogated. A part of the moral law, not a jot or tittle of its sanctity has been taken away." Then it is surely incumbent on all Christians everywhere to keep it ; and it is impossi-ble to do that by substituting another sab-batic institution for the one divinely or-dained. But there is one statement in the above excerpt which should not go unnoticed, and that is that " the only Sabbath law we have was given to the Jews," the in-ference being that it is therefore not bind-ing upon Christians. If that be true con-cerning the Sabbath command, it is equally true concerning every other com- 