36 LIBERTY convict as aforesaid, shall suffer death with-out the benefit of the clergy." Section ro, the Sunday law in question, reads as follows : Š " No person whatsoever shall work or do any bodily labor on the Lord's day, com-monly called Sunday, and that no person having children, servants, or slaves, shall command, or wittingly or willingly, suffer any of them to do any manner of work or labor on the Lord's day, (works of neces-sity and charity always excepted), nor shall Photograph by Harris & Ewing JUDGE MULLOWNY suffer or permit any children, servants, or slaves, to profane the Lord's day by gaming, fishing, fowling, hunting, or unlawful pas-times or recreations; and that every person transgressing this act, and being thereof convict by the oath of one sufficient wit-ness, or confession of the party before a single magistrate, shall forfeit two hundred pounds of tobacco, to be levied and applied as aforesaid." Section 4 provides that if the fine is not paid immediately, the offender, unless " a freeholder or other reputable person," shall " be whipped, or put in the stocks; " and Section 5 declares that " no offender shall receive above thirty-nine lashes, or be kept in the stocks above three hours, upon any one conviction." October 29 the case came up in the police court before Judge Mullowny for a pre-liminary hearing. One week later, No-vember 5, the case was argued before the court by the prosecuting attorney, James L. Pugh, and Attorney E. S. Duvall, who appeared for the defendant, and the judge immediately rendered his decision to the effect that the law was obsolete on account of its long disuse, and inoperative and un-necessary, because its leading provisions had all been covered by other and later leg-islation. Mr. Robinson was dismissed. The case was at once appealed to the District Court of Appeals, the highest court of the District, Judges Shepherd, Robb, and Van Orsdel presiding, and came up for hearing before this court on Friday, Jan. Jo, 1908. In his argument against the va-lidity of the law, Lawyer Duvall read the greater portion of the act in which this Sunday law section is found, and showed that the entire act is religious, and therefore contrary to the genius of civil government and to the express terms of the first amend-ment to the Constitution. January' 21 the Court of Appeals rendered its decision sus-taining the lower court. That such laws should still be upon the statute-books of that territory which, above all other, is under the direct control of the government of the United States,Š the District of Columbia,Š or that there should be any question whether such laws are operative and in force here, gives a rather strange and dark background to the picture of this land of far-famed liberty. Nullifying Exemption Clauses C. M. SNOW THERE is something about Sunday laws, wherever they have been enacted and en-forced, which can not escape the notice of thinking people, and that is the fact that the special object of their attack is the religious man who conscientiously observes another day as the Sabbath than the day which the Sunday law specifies. No other artisan, or vender, or manufacturer, or farmer is given such minute surveillance by officials, detectives, self-appointed guard-ians of that law, and secret inquisitors, as is the Christian who chooses to worship his Creator upon the day the Creator has appointed. This has been demon-strated so many times, in so many different 