6 LIBERTY For the state to say that the Sabbatarian has full religious liberty when it compels him to observe Sunday, because it leaves him free to worship on Saturday, is very similar to what pagan Rome said to the early Christians when the rulers granted them full religious liberty to worship Christ as a god, providedŁ they also wor-shiped the gods of Rome. Millions of the early Christians laid down their lives in protest against such religious liberty, and many Sabbatarians have suffered all the horrors and tortures of the prison cell and the chain gang in protesting against a similar tyranny  masquerading under the guise of gen-uine religious liberty when the courts attempted to compel them to observe Sunday in addition to the Sabbath of divine appointment. The supreme court of Oklahoma deserves the plaudits and gratitude of every lover of liberty, jus-tice, and equality of rights for having the courage to disregard legal prece-dents and render a decision which safe-guards the rights of the individual con-science in religious concerns in harmony with the American instead of the Euro-pean theory of government. C. S. L. tg fi Argument of Counsel Before the Criminal Court of Appeals of Oklahoma JUDGES Wm. 0. Woolman and Cyrus Simmons argued the case before the court in behalf of the Kriegers, who had been prosecuted and condemned by the Blaine County court for conducting a general merchandise store at Hitchcock, Okla., on Sunday. Attorney Boardman argued the case in behalf of the State. Judge Woolman, of counsel for the plaintiffs in error, opened the case by showing that the Kriegers were law-abid-ing citizens and of good standing in the community where they live. He said in part: Š " The plaintiffs in error regularly close their businesses every Saturday and do not perform any business on that day nor do they permit their employees to do any business for them. On account of their religious belief they regard that day as the Sabbath. On Sunday, the first day of the week, it has been their custom to open their store and sell merchandise. Be-cause of this fact some of the residents of Hitchcock, who are not friendly with the Kriegers, had them indicted. The plaintiffs in error offered to prove at the trial that they belong to a class of religionists who consci-entiously keep the seventh day for the Sab- bath. The trial judge refused to allow the plaintiffs in error to prove their religion as a defense, which was excepted to, and the ruling of the trial court has been incorporated in the legal brief, and the Honorable Court of Ap-peals is asked to pass upon the action of the trial court in refusing to allow the accused to prove their religion as a constitutional defense.  We hold that the plaintiffs in error are not guilty according to law and the evidence of the case." Judge Simmons, of Knoxville, Tenn., then addressed the court in behalf of the plaintiffs in error. He said, in part : Š " May it please the Court. We believe the indictment in this case is subject to serious legal criticism. We do not believe that the indictment, according to the statute, legally defines and identifies the offense charged against the plaintiffs in error. " Section 2404 of the Harris & Day Code, found on page 15 in the brief, reads as fol-lows:Š " ' Sunday to be observed. The first day of the week being by very general consent set apart for rest and religious duties, the law for-bids to be done on that day certain acts deemed useless and serious interruptions of the repose and religious liberty of the community. Am " Now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, he went into his house; and his windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem, he kneeled upon his knees three times a day, and prayed, and gave thanks before his God. as he did afore-time." Dan. 6: ro. 