122 LIBERTY I have due regard for the observance of the Sabbath, and I believe it should be observed, but I do not believe in legislation compelling one to do it.Š Senator Heyburn, in speech against District Sunday bill, " Congressional Record," May 26, 1911. institutions of his own choice. Such an act on the part of the government is a perversion of the divine plan. God wants each individual to serve him from choice and with a free will instead of being forced to do so. Head service or hand service that does not enlist the heart is mere hypocrisy in religious matters. What is " Proper Observance of Sunday "? Who is to define and determine what constitutes " the proper observance of Sunday "? Whose standard are we to accept as to " proper observance "? There are almost as many opinions on this question as there are individuals who have minds of their own. Shall we ac-cept the Puritan's idea of " proper ob-servance "? If so, then all nonchurch-goers ought to be fined for nonattendance at divine service on Sunday. Men and boys ought to be punished for laughing and whistling aloud on Sunday. Hus-bands ought to be fined for kissing their wives on Sunday. Other things equally innocent in themselves should also be punishable. As defined in colonial times, " any sin committed with an high hand, as the gathering of sticks on the Sab-bath day, may be punished with death, when a lesser punishment might serve for gathering sticks privily and in need." Š Records of Massachusetts Bay, Vol. II, p. 93. The Self-Righteous Pharisee's Conception Or shall we accept the self-righteous Pharisee's notions of proper Sabbath ob-servance ? The Pharisees had enacted more than four hundred and fifty extra Sabbath regulations in Christ's time, and attached them to the one Sabbath com-mandment which God had given. The Saviour ignored these Jewish regulations, which were against the spirit of the one divine commandment, and he told the Pharisees that " the Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath." They tried to kill him because, on the Sabbath day, he healed a bedridden in-valid and told him to take up his bed and walk. They condemned him for per-mitting his disciples to go through the cornfields on the Sabbath day, and to pluck the ears of corn and eat them when they were hungry. The Saviour re-proved the Pharisees, and told them that they were straining out a gnat and swal-lowing a camel, and that they had made void the commandment of God through the precepts of men. The Pharisee's idea of Sabbath observance was that of sitting all day in an easy-chair and keeping abso-lutely quiet, without even twiddling the thumbs, for he who did that would be guilty of labor. Modern Pharisee No Different The modern Pharisee's conception of proper Sunday observance is no different from that of the ancient Pharisees con-cerning proper Sabbath observance. A committee of clergymen in 1794 framed the Sunday blue laws for Pennsylvania. and the legislature enacted their Puritan-ical notions into law. These drastic laws are still on the statute books, but fortu-nately they are not enforced. They for-bid the purchase of a meal on Sunday, or travel on business or for pleasure. They impose a fine on a merchant for selling bread to the hungry, ice to cool the fevered brow of the sick, ice cream, soda, or mineral water to quench thirst. Recently a court official of Linden, N. J., fined a poor aged woman five Everybody should enjoy complete liberty, provided that liberty does not interfere with the liberty and civil rights of others. To force people to observe Sunday is not pro-tection of civil rights; it is an interference with civil rights in obedience to religious sentiment. ŠHon. G. Amyott, M. P., speech before Canadian Parliament, May 3o, 1894. 