216 LIBERTY ligion, and even if all the States sever-ally chose the same religion, that religion would not necessarily become the national religion. It was the evident intention of the framers of the national Constitution to prevent the setting up of a national re-ligion. Especially is this shown by the.  First Amendment, which expressly pro-vides that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Observe that this does not say, Con-gress shall make no law respecting the establishment of a sect, but an " estab-lishment of religion." What this meant may be best determined by the under-standing of the men who were instru-mental in its adoption. In the treaty with Tripoli, communicated to the United States Senate May 26, 1797, and promptly ratified, we find this : Š " As the government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion, as it has in itself no character of enmity against the laws, religion, or tranquillity of Mussulmans ; and as the said States never entered into any war or act of hostility against any Mohammedan na-tion, it is declared by the parties, that no pretext, arising from religious opinions, shall ever produce an interruption of the harmony existing between the two countries."Š"Amer-ican State Papers," Class r, Foreign Rela-tions, Vol. II, p. Dr. Philip Schaff, in a note in his " Church and State in the United States " (page 41), tells us that he learned " from Dr. Francis Wharton that the treaty was framed by an ex-Congregational clergy-man." This clergyman was certainly in a better position than any man now living to judge both the spirit of the times in which he lived and the meaning of the words he wrote. Moreover, in his " Me-morial and Remonstrance," presented to the Virginia Assembly in 1785, Mr. Mad-ison, sometimes called " the father of the Constitution," said : Š " Who does not see that the same authority which can establish Christianity, in exclusion of all other religions, may establish, with the same ease, any particular sect of Christians, to the exclusion of all other sects?" Again, for years the National Re-formers, of whom Mr. Wylie is one, un-tiringly denounced our national Constitu-tion as " godless " and " unchristian." Even yet they are insisting that it should be amended in order that " the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our gov-ernment," may have " an undeniably legal basis in the fundamental law of our land." But if we have already general Christianity legally established as the na-tional religion, why the proposed amend-ment? The truth is, however, that Mr. Wylie knows, and his fellow National Reform-ers know, that Justice Brewer's now famous and much-appealed-to obiter dic-tum, to the effect that this is a Christian nation, did not change the facts of his-tory, and was not so designed. Justice Brewer's argument was to the effect that inasmuch as this country was settled by Christians, in the common ac-ceptation of that term, it could not be presumed that Congress intended to pass a law making it a crime for a Christian church in this country to call a pastor from some other country. Justice Brewer was entirely right in this ; but as we see it, he was somewhat unfortunate in some of his expressions. But even had the Justice intended all that is now claimed for his words, that could not have changed our national Con-stitution, for that to which the National Reformers appeal was not decision, but obiter dictum. The decision was that the act under review was not intended to be broad enough to exclude from the country a Christian minister coming to our shores under contract to serve as pastor of a Christian church. The de-cision was right, but some of the deduc-tions from Justice Brewer's remarks are wrong, and utterly subversive of the en-tire separation of church and state. C. P. B. IT is most clearly and positively not the duty of civil rulers to. enforce reli-gious obligations. 