LIBERTY 81 because " the state tells me what I shall eat, how I shall eat it ; what I shall drink, and how and when I shall drink it ; what kind of air I shall breathe ; what I shall wear and how I shall wear it ; what kind of house and home I shall have ; tells me what I may do in the way of occupation, and what I may not do ; what shall be my amusements and what shall not ; takes care of my health ; tells me how I shall ride, and even what I shall pay for trans-portation. The state tells me what kind of books and papers I shall read ; what kind of pictures I shall look at, and what dramatic performances I shall witness ; how I shall marry, and whom ; how I shall be born, live, die, and be buried."ŠBriefs and Statements on Federal Motion Picture Commission, p. 7. If this is all true, then it is time to call a halt. Otherwise we shall not know what and who we are and where we be-long. All individuality will be swallowed up in the state. About all there is left outside of what has just been mentioned, is for the state to arrange our transporta-tion to heaven or to purgatory, as it sees fit. Indeed such a program as this is not beyond the realm of probability, for the States are now forcing religious in-stitutions upon the people. Laws enforc-ing the observance of Sunday are found on the statute books of nearly every State. Efforts are being made with the present Congress to get it to recognize Sunday by law, that the citizens of the District may not desecrate the so-called Christian sabbath. Freedom of speech and the press and liberty of worship are all provided for in the same instrument. An infringe-ment of one weakens the others. All supervision of the press, pulpit, platform, stage, or film should be left to the people and their local courts. And the question of religion should never be discussed in the halls of our political representatives, nor should they ever legislate upon ec-clesiastical matters. Their office is to declare and safeguard our rights, and to take none of them from us. Let us hope that they will not exceed their legitimate powers. Compulsion Versus Free Choice ARTHUR G. DANIELLS IT is in every sense deplorable and unjust for civil government to legislate on religious questions. Many reasons can be adduced in proof of this. We here present one: Š Civil law means force; religion means free choice; and these ideas are abso-lutely incompatible. We will demonstrate this. Govern-ment is defined to be " the administra-tion of laws." To administer law is to carry it into effect; to execute or enforce it. To enforce is to compel. Civil government exists for the pro-tection of the individual rights of its citizens. The value of the legislative branch of a government lies in the just laws it enacts for the protection of its citizens' rights. The dignity of the ex-ecutive department lies in the impartial execution of those laws. A government that has not the power to either make or enforce just laws is a farce. Thus the idea of force is inseparable from civil government. But not so in matters of religion. Re-ligion is man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God. " Whatsoever is not of faith," says Paul, " is sin." Faith, then, must be the mainspring of all action in matters of religion. But faith is voluntary. " Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God." Faith cannot be produced by law nor by any amount of compulsion. It is a matter of free will, absolutely. The basis of civil government is law, and law means force. The basis of re-ligion is faith, and faith is voluntary. For this reason, then, we submit that civil government and religion never can be united except at the peril of one or the other, or both. SfE IV !V EVERYWHERE the strong have made the laws and oppressed the weak; and if they have sometimes consulted the inter-ests of society, they have always forgot-ten those of humanity.Š Turgot. 