HON. GROVE L. JOHNSON Who introduced the proposed religious amendment to the constitution of California 15020  LIBERTY foretell what the character of the na-tion and its legislation will be. The ac-tivity of the hierarchy in this country portends no good for the country ; and the rapid abandonment of Protestant principles by professed Protestants is making Rome's victory easier with every new day. If Americans value civil lib-erty, if Christians value freedom of con-science and of worship, there is no more opportune time than now to let the fact be known. Religious liberty, without which all other liberties are valueless, is being attacked in front, flank, and rear Ñ yea, even within its own citadel Ñ by its professed defenders ; and the horrors and hypocrisies of medieval and colonial days are in a fair way toward repetition in this country, so blessed of heaven, so forgetful of history. Attempted Religious Legislation in California J. 0. CORLISS SINCE 1883 no Sunday law has found a place among the statutes of California, and upon this fact hangs certain history, evolved from medieval customs and their advocates. Since the repeal of the Sun-clay law in the year mentioned, no less than five distinct efforts have been made by ecclesiastical direction to return to the statutes the requirement of Sunday observance, and five times the people, through their representatives in the legis-lature, have refused to place themselves again at the mercy of narrow-minded churchmen, in the matter of a religious rest. The strongest, because the most per-sistent and subtle, has been the attempt before the last legislature. For a whole year prior to the assembling of that body, the Reform Bureau had an agent can-vassing the State, creating sentiment in favor of a Sunday-rest law, and also raising funds in its behalf. In conjunc-tion with others, he drew up a bill which was supposed to be invulnerable to the attack of religious liberty advocates.  Learning a lesson from the defeat of the Sunday bill presented two years before, from this one was eliminated every word having reference to religion or con-science. But with all the careful legal verbiage employed, the real motive and design of the bill could not be concealed. To scratch any paragraph it contained was to reveal most vicious principles, carry-ing the seeds of relentless persecution. But the pro-p o n ents, though appar-ently satisfied with the crafty word-ing of their measure, were not sure that it would prove consti-tutional if passed. So, to obviate this possible discrep-ancy, they in-troduced a n amendment to t h e constitu-tion,provi-cling for the legitimate en-forcement of Sunday laws of the most drastic nature. After a hearing before the committee having in charge this measure, it was reported back to the Assembly with the recommendation that " it do not pass." One dissenting mem-ber of the committee, however, made a minority report asking favorable con-sideration for the bill. In the meantime, the committee in whose hands the bill for a simple statute reposed, gave a hearing, and, to a man, saw the religious features of the measure hidden beneath its fair exterior. So ob-jectionable did the bill appear that the committee would not consent even to 