LIBERTY 85 country after another began to assert its right to self-determination, expressed in the sover-eignty of the people to determine their own form of government and their own religious faith. The first step away from intolerance toward freedom was religious toleration. The coun-tries in Europe just emerging from the age of religious intoler- gious toleration George Mason, Author of is meant the benevolent fostering exercise of human authority over the consciences of all men. Religious toleration implies an estab-lished religion, fostered by the state, which tolerates the existence of other divergent re-ligious organizations, but under more or less obligation to support and conform to the re-quirements of the state religion. Many Protestant countries at first adopted an intolerant form of a church-and-state sys-tem of government. Even the colonial govern-ment of America in its early history, passed many laws of a tyrannical character against dissenters, or nonconformists of every name. In Henings' " Statutes at Large" (Vols. I and II) may be found many of these drastic laws of religious intolerance enacted by the colony of Virginia. Semple (p. 28) says: " By the first act of 1623, it is provided that in every plantation or settlement there shall be a house or room set apart for the worship of God. But it soon appears that this worship was only to be according to the canons of the  Church of England, to which a strict lftliTorm-ity was enjoined.. A person absenting himself from divine service on Sunday without a rea-sonable excuse forfeited a pound of tobacco, and he that absented himself a month forfeited fifty pounds. Whoever disparaged a minister, whereby the minds of his parishioners might be alienated, was compelled to pay 500 pounds of tobacco, and ask the minister's pardon pub-licly in the con-gregation. No man was permit-ted to dispose of any of his tobacco till the minister was satisfied, un-der the penalty of forfeiting dou-ble his part of the minister's sal-ary.. . . To pre-serve the 'purity of doctrine and unity of the church,' it was enacted, in 1643, that all ministers should be con-formable to the orders and con-stitution of the Church of Eng-land, and that no others be permit-ted to teach or preach, publicly or privately. It was further pro-vided that the governor and council should take care that all nonconformists departed the col- ance are now speaking of reli-gious toleration in the treaty agreements a n d in the covenants of the League of Nations. Man y of these nations which have just passed through the militant up-heaval in Europe have for centu-ries known noth-ing whatever of the spirit of tol-eration in reli-gion. Religion in its most intol-erant form, en-forced by law, was the control-ling factor in both church and state. Toleration i s not freedom; it is only a step in the direction of liberty. By reh- the Virginia Bill of Rights ony with all con- veniency." Sir William Berkeley, governor of Virginia, strictly carried out this act of 1643, according to Winsor's "Narrative and Critical History of America" (Vol. III, p. 148). He says: "During the year (1643) three Congrega-tional ministers came from Boston to Virginia to disseminate their doctrines. Their stay, however, was but short; for, by an enactment of the Assembly, all ministers other than those of the Church of England were compelled to leave the colony." Hassell, in his " Church History " (p. 523), says: " In 1643, Sir William Berkeley, royal gov-ernor of Virginia, strove by whippings and brandings, to make the inhabitants of that colony conform to the established church, and thus drove out the Baptists and Quakers, who found a refuge in the Albemarle country of North Carolina, a colony which was settled,' says Bancroft, 'by the freest of the free Š by men to whom the restraints of other colonies were too severe.'" 