LIBERTY 13 ment, Mr. Roosevelt declares that if Mr. Taft " were a Roman Catholic him-self, it ought not to affect in the slightest degree any man's supporting him for the position of president." In view of this statement, we deem it necessary to call attention to the authoritative teaching of the Roman Catholic .Church concerning the Christian and American principle of the separation of church and state. Pope Pius IX, in his allocution, " Acerbissi-mum," dated Sept. 27, 1852, con - demned and stig-matized as being among the princi-pal errors of our time this teaching : "The church ought to be sepa-rated from t fi e state, and the state from the church." As to the appli-cation of this prin-ciple, the same pope in his apos-tolic letter, " Mul-tiplices inter," dated June 1o, 1851, condemned the assertion that the Roman pon-tiffs and ecumenical councils have exceeded the limits of their power, have usurped the rights of princes, and have even committed errors in defining matters of faith and morals." Further-more, in his apostolic letter, " Ad Apos-tolicw," dated Aug. 22, 1851, the same pope condemned as false the teaching that " the church has not the power of availing herself of force or any direct or indirect temporal power." By these quo-tations from papal documents, it is plain that the Roman Catholic Church does not confine its teachings to the sphere of re-ligion, but obtrudes itself into the sphere  of civil government, and teaches as re-ligious belief such doctrines concerning civil government as contradict republican principles, and would utterly overthrow the very principles of religious liberty for which President Roosevelt contends, and upon which he says this govern-ment is founded. That the Roman Catholics deem it proper to apply a religious test to deter-mine the fitness of some candidates for office, i s openly avowed by them. As an illustration we quote the fol- lowing editorial paragraph from the New World (Cath-olic) which ap-peared in its issue of October 3 : Š Speaking frank-ly, we do not be-lieve that Catholic voters should cast their votes for any man who once be-longed to the household of the faith, and went out in order to win money and power. No such renegade can be a sincere man. According to this view, one who ab-jures the Catholic faith is thereby un- fitted to hold political office in this coun-try. Thus a purely religious test is plainly established. We heartily agree with the principles enunciated by the president when relig-ious belief is limited to things religious, but we can not grant the right to any person or any organization to overthrow one of the fundamental principles of the.  American state by maintaining under the head of " religious belief " a political teaching which is fundamentally wrong and destructive of free government. 