erbCb  LIBERTY be contrary to the divine plan of gov-ernment, and will be an injury to both the church and the state. We therefore oppose the first step toward such a union, not because we are opposed to religion, but because we believe in the divine principle enun-ciated by the Author of our religion: " Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." A Congressman's View Reviewed THE effort to secure the passage by the Sixtieth Congress of a Sunday law for the District of Columbia called out written protests from many different quarters. Citizens of many States wrote letters to their congressmen asking them not to vote for the passage of such a bill, on the ground that any Sunday legis-lation by Congress, although of a local application, would yet have great influ-ence in strengthening the sentiment in favor of such legislation throughout the whole country. Some of the replies made to these protests show that the writers have not given this subject discriminating study, and that they do not perceive that the vital principles of religious liberty are involved even in what purports to be a civil measure for the general benefit of the community, and especially for the relief of certain classes of employees. From one such letter, written by a con-gressman who was not a member of the Committee on the District of Columbia, we take this extract: Ñ I have to confess that I do not under-stand the argument against the passage of this bill. The bill as I read it, makes no pretense of establishing a religion or of prohibiting the free exercise of relig-ion. It simply provides for the good of man and beast that there shall be one day of rest in the week. Georgia has had such a law almost if not entirely since  it has been a State. There is no body that can pass such a law for the District of Columbia except Congress, and why citizens of Georgia should object to citi-zens of the District being required to have one day of rest I do not exactly understand. Why should not the people of the District of Columbia be on the same footing as the people of the State of Georgia? You are required by law to observe Sunday as a day of rest, and why should not the people of the District be likewise required? I do not understand your opposition. The bill referred to was the Johnston Sunday bill, which has been thoroughly analyzed in previous issues of LIBERTY. It is modeled after the usual form, ma-king all common labor a crime on the first day of the week, but with a long list of exceptions, and an exemption clause in favor of those who " observe as a sabbath any other day in the week than Sunday." This writer declares that the bill " sim-ply provides for the good of man and beast that there shall be one day of rest in the week," which is one of those half- truths which really misrepresents the fact. The bill does require " one day of rest in the week," but specifies that that day shall be the first day of the week, or Sunday. The advocates of such legisla-tion as this are unwilling to accept " one clay of rest in the week " unless that day be Sunday. This has been clearly de-monstrated in California, where a vigor- ous effort has been made to secure a Sunday law, although there has been a statute in force for many years provi- ding one day of rest in seven for the working men, without specifying Sun-day. This determined purpose that Sunday shall be the day of rest indi- cates the religious character of the leg-islation, which is further shown by the activity of a large number of religious organizations in behalf of the measure. The inquiries made at the close of the 