Memorial of the Pacific Religious Liberty Association to the Legislature of California WE take pleasure in presenting to our readers a memorial which has very re-cently been sent to the California Leg-islature now in session. It explains how religious organizations are trying, through sinister methods, to override the wishes of the people, and force their religious views upon others by statutory legislation. After the people of Cali-fornia have twice repudiated Sunday laws by tremendous majorities at the polls, still the " religious reformers " defy the voice of the people. It is be-cause of these persistent efforts on the part of certain religious organizations to turn the State back to medieval times, that " eternal vigilance " must still be to its citizens " the price of liberty." "To Members of the Forty-Second California State Legislature. " HONORED SIRS : Your attention is hefeby called to a measure pending before you, and your consideration solicited in a brief exami-nation of its provisions. " This is Senate Bill No. 69, and Assembly Bill No. 172, which are identical and known as the ' Sunday Rest' measure. " History of California Sunday Laws " The people of California have had the question of a legal Sunday rest before them more or less prominently since the year 1858, when a law was passed, entitled ' An Act to provide for the better observance of the Sab-bath.' The penalty for its violation was a fine of fifty dollars, or in default thereof, imprisonment not to exceed one day for each two dollars' fine and costs. " The same year a Jewish clothier of Sac-ramento by the name of Newman was ar-rested for keeping open his store on Sunday. He refused to pay the fine of fifty dollars and was imprisoned, upon which the supreme court was petitioned for a writ of habeas corpus, and Newman was discharged from imprisonment, on the ground of the law being unconstitutional. " Supreme Court Decisions " The supreme justice, in rendering decision in the Newman case, based it on the first and fourth sections of the State constitution, with which you gentlemen are supposedly familiar. 44  But speaking directly to the case in hand, Justice Terry said : Š " ' The question presented in this case is not merely one of expediency or abuse of power. It is a question of usurpation of power. If the legislature have the authority to appoint a time of compulsory rest, we would have no right to interfere with it, even if they re-quired a cessation from toil for six days in the week, instead of one. If they possess this power, it is without limit, and may extend to the prohibition of all occupations at all times.' " In conjunction with Justice Terry's ex-pressed opinion Justice Burnett added this : Š " ' The act violates as much the religious freedom of the Christian as of the Jew. Be-cause the conscientious views of the Christian compel him to keep Sunday as Sabbath, he has the right to object when the legislature in-vades his freedom of religious worship, and assumes the power to compel him to do that which he has the right to omit if he pleases. The principle is the same, whether the act of the legislature compels us to do that which we wish to do or not to do.' " A Strange Anomaly " In 1895 a Barbers' Sunday law was en-acted in California, and under it one Leo Jentzsch was indicted, and on a writ of habeas corpus his case was carried to the supreme court. Justice Henshaw, in the course of his judicial reasoning upon the statute, said: Š " ' It is not easy to see where or how this law protects labor from the unjust exactions of capital. A man's constitutional liberty means more than his personal freedom. It means, with many other rights, his right freely to labor, and to own the fruits of his own toil. It is a curious law for the protection of labor which punishes the laborer for work-ing. Yet that is precisely what this law does. The laboring barber engaged in a most respect-able, useful, and cleanly pursuit, is singled out from the thousands of his fellows in employ-ment, and told that, willy-nilly, he shall not work upon holidays and Sundays after twelve o'clock noon. His wishes, tastes, or neces-sities are not consulted. If he labors, he is a criminal. Such protection to labor carried a little further would send him from the jail to the poorhouse. " How comes it that the legislative eye was so keen to discern the needs of the oppressed barber, and yef was blind to his toiling breth-ren in other vocations? Steam-car and street-car operatives labor through long and weary Sunday hours; so do the mill and factory 