LIBERTY 5 ultra vires, that is, that a provincial legis-lature had no authority to enact legislation of that character. Thereupon the " Lord's Day Alliance " proceeded to lay siege to the Dominion Parliament at Ottawa. At the beginning of the session of Parliament which is now drawing to a close, a Sunday observance bill was introduced at the in-stance of the Alliance, which forbids the sale or purchase of " goods, chattels, or other personal property, or any real estate," and the transaction of any business on Sun-day. A public hearing on the bill was given April 19, at which it was seen that the busi-ness interests of the Dominion were very largely opposed to the measure, and this resulted in an amendment which greatly modified its rigidity. Mayor Folinsbee, of Strathroy, spoke at the hearing in behalf of those who observe the seventh day as the Sabbath, and his argument was favorably received by the committee in charge of the bill. It resulted in the adoption of the fol-lowing amendment : " Notwithstanding any-thing herein contained, whoever conscien-tiously and habitually observes the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, and actu-ally refrains from work and labor on that day, shall not be subject to prosecution for performing work or labor on the first day of the week, provided that such work or labor does not disturb other persons in the observance of the first day of the week as holy time, and that the place where the same is performed be not open for traffic on that day." The animus of the religious people behind the bill was exposed by the following telegram sent to Premier Laurier when it was known that this exemption clause had been adopted: Š " Toronto Methodist Conference, assem-bled here, unanimously opposed to clause II [exemption clause] in Lord's Day Act. R. H. Burns, Pres.; Isaac Couch, Sec." This action of the Toronto Methodist Conference appears to have borne fruit, for the House of Commons, after an extended discussion of the Sunday bill, passed it (ex-cept one section), rejecting the exemption clause by a considerable majority. And this was done in spite of the fact that strong arguments were made by members of the  Cabinet in its favor, who spoke highly of seventh-day observers as being a loyal, conscientious, law-abiding people. Among those favoring the exemption were Premier Laurier and the leader of the Conservative or Opposition party. While the bill was under consideration, representatives of the Lord's Day Alliance were busy in the Cap-itol lobby room, and the effect of their lobbying was seen in a speech by one mem-ber, in which he said, " There should be one day of rest in Canada, and only one, and those who will not conform to this should go elsewhere." At this many of the members exclaimed, " Hear, hear ! " The attitude of the Senate toward the bill re-mains to be seen. The United States.ŠThe past year has been marked by unusual activity on the part of those seeking Sunday legislation, and more demands of this sort have been made on Congress and the State legisla-tures than ever before in a like period of time. Thus far, however, they have failed to produce any marked results. Congress has adjourned without passing the Sunday closing bill for grocers and butchers rec-ommended by the Commissioners of the District of Columbia, and an effort to at-tach a Sunday law to the railway rate bill failed, as described elsewhere in this issue of LIBERTY. The effort to secure Sunday closing of the Jamestown fair-grounds by act of Congress also failed, but the man-agers have decided to close the gates. A session of the National Reform Asso-ciation, which is seeking to change this government from a republic to a theocracy, is to be held at Winona Lake, Ind., August 11-18. The Interior, of Chicago, states that " the meeting of the National Reform As-sociation has become an annual feature of the summer program at Winona Lake, but this year it will be made more important and significant than at any time hitherto." Among the special subjects considered will be " Sabbath desecration," and religious in-struction in public schools. Further information regarding Sunday legislation and enforcement in the United States is given in the department of News and Notes. 