Dr. Hagler's Oxygen Chart INASMUCH as Dr. W. F. Crafts is some-what prominent in the Sunday-law crusade fully launched with practically the opening of the extra session of the Sixty-sixth Congress, Dr. Hagler's oxygen chart, which Mr. Crafts has used for many years and is still using, de-mands some attention. Here is a copy of the chart: WITH THE SEVENTH DAY REST Dr. Hagler's theory is that each day's labor depletes- the normal individual supply of oxy-gen one ounce. The night's rest restores only five sixths of an ounce, leaving the supply still one sixth of an ounce short. At the end of six days of labor, the supply of oxygen will be, therefore, an entire ounce short, and this can be restored only by an entire day's rest. The chart is not based upon extensive experi-ments by many scientists, or upon a large number of laborers and covering quite a period  of time, but upon experiments by one person upon a very few men, and covering only a brief space of time. Scientific conclusions of value are not arrived at in any such way. Dr. Hagler's theory puts all workingmen upon the same level. The doctor utterly ignores environment, number of hours employed, sleep-ing quarters, habits as to eating, drinking, etc., including the use of tobacco and other nar-cotics. According to Dr. Hagler, every man who works, regardless of the number of hours, loses just an ounce of oxygen. Every man gets back just five sixths of an ounce, at night, and this regardless of whether he goes to bed at nine and gets up at 'five, or goes to bed at eleveii, and gets up at six. Then the Sunday rest fully restores the oxygen shortage, regardless of hygienic environment! One man may spend half or a third of his Sunday out of doors, engaged in some moderate recreation, or sport, and thus, according to Mr. Crafts, further deplete his supply of oxygen, while another may spend from four to six hours of his Sunday in a crowded church with the result that his supply of oxygen is fully restored! Mr. Crafts is on record as declaring, " If you take the religion out, you take the rest out." Therefore, only religious rest or change can restore the lost oxygen! If Mr. Crafts can profoundly impress Congress by such a theory, it will be indeed surprising. We are persuaded that both houses are largely made up of sensible, thinking men. Virginia Courts Engaged in THEOLOGICAL HAIRSPLITTING By the Editor  THE supreme court of appeals of Virginia upheld, on August 4, the decision of the corporation court of Richmond, that " per-sons who obtain license to sell soft drinks, and who may observe another day than Sunday as their Sabbath, are not to be allowed to sell soft drinks the day that other licensed persons are required to close their business places," not-withstanding the fact that the State legislature of Virginia enacted a statute exempting Sab-batarians from the operations of the Sunday laws of Virginia, provided the Sabbatarians ac-tually observed the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, abstaining upon that day from all labor and business. Judge Richardson, of the corporation court, decided that the laws of the State are made for all the people, that they must be enforced im-partially, that no right can be granted to one 96  person to do anything which would, if exer-cised by another, be a violation of the statutes of the commonwealth. Yet in another test case tried the same day by Judge Richardson, he ruled that Sabbatarians who faithfully and con-scientiously observed the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath were exempted from the operations of the Sunday law of Virginia, in all matters of merchandizing and laboring on Sundays. The only thing that he prohibits a Sabbatarian from doing on Sundays is the sell-ing of soft drinks. We may be dull of comprehension, but, hon-estly, we fail to see the force and consistency of his argument in the two cases in which he so clearly discriminates between what is lawful and unlawful under the exemption statute en-acted in behalf of the Sabbatarian. An ex-emption statute is intended to exempt and not 