102 LIBER11 Zion be alert against the wiles of the devil who would impudently set up his chapel in the tem-ple of God."Š Literary Digest, Aug. 10, 1918. The LIBERTY magazine has always raised its voice in defense of the op-pressed, no matter from what quarter the  oppression ctune or who the oppressed represented. We support our President in his noble fight in behalf of the op-pressed of America who in this supreme hour of national peril are struggling against greed and graft. A New Drive Against True Americanism By C. P. Bollman FOR more than half a century the Rational Reformers have been work-ing in season and out of season to subvert, in the supposed interest of Christianity, the principles of free gov-ernment in the United States. This pseudo-reform movement was originally inaugurated when the country was in the throes of the Civil War; now when our land is beset by foreign foes, these same so-called " reformers " embrace the op-portunity to launch their movement anew ; which they did on the occasion of " the preliminary assembly of the Third World's Christian Citizenship Confer-ence," in Pittsburgh, in June of the pres-ent year. In this " Preliminary Association " there was unanimously adopted " A New Declaration of Independence," of which the following four propositions seem to be the heart : " Jesus Christ is King of the nations. " His law is the rightful law of their existence. "Their governments are under his au-thority. " They are responsible to him as na-tions." We have no disposition to deny the absolute sovereignty of our Lord Jesus Christ, nor the universal supremacy of his law. We maintain, however, that that law is binding upon nations only through individual units of which na-tions are composed. Our own immortal Declaration of Independence makes in- alienable human rights and the consent of the governed the basis of all just and rightful civil authority; and we believe that the signers of that older declaration adopted and signed in Philadelphia one hundred forty-two years ago, acted more wisely and not less piously than did the members of the " Preliminary Associa-tion " in their so-called " New Declara- ELLA BOOLE Prominent in W. C. T. U. and National Reform Circles 