EDITORIAL BRIEFS THE religion from heaven was founded upon mercy; its precepts were based on love; its emissaries were to employ only the powers of persuasion; their work was to set all men free, and their message was to be an announce-ment of glad tidings of great joy to all people. But men have made " void the word of God by their traditions." tV SOME seem to be perfectly happy when they can lord it over others ; they are satisfied and contented so long as they are free and unmolested; they are willing that religion should be estab-lished by law, so long as it is their re-ligion; they are in favor of free speech and a free press, so long as it is their speech and press; but they are decidedly opposed to granting similar immunities to their opponents or their less fortunate brothers. lif WHEN a man does not want to change his evil ways nor give up his secret de-visings, he will hail with delight any movement whose object it is to prevent public exposure, free discussion, and the promiscuous circulation of the product of the press. It seems strikingly sig-nificant that the emissaries of the Cath-olic Church should have been the only ones who sent petitions to Congress and the Postmaster-General favoring the three bills which two Catholic Congress-men introduced into Congress to restrict the freedom of the press. The Catholic Church is not the only organization which suffers from the abuses of the free press; many others are suffering equally from the abuses of a Catholic free press; yet the Catholic Church seems to be the only organization that is dissatisfied with the American system of government, that requires an investi-gation into the charges and a public trial 84  by jury to prove or disprove the guilt before redress can be obtained. All other religions as well as secular organ-izations are satisfied with an appeal to our courts in order to obtain redress. But the Catholic Church desires to place the whole matter in the hands of one man, from whose decisions there can be no appeal, and clothe him with absolute power over the press. American citi-zens registered a vigorous protest against this one-man-power absolutism, and we are glad to give considerable space in this issue of the magazine to -the Con-gressional report of the hearing upon this important question. c. s. L. tti fti tV " The Pro-Papal Program " " A MAN who cannot discuss his reli-gion has none; a man who is afraid to discuss it has none," said the Hon. W. B. Heyburn, in a speech in the United States Senate, May 26, 1911. The object of this magazine is to stand for the de-fense of the civil and religious rights of each individual and of every religious organization, irrespective of creed, coloy, or nationality. But when any religious organization seeks to deprive other or-ganizations of the same rights that it claims for itself, we are bound in justice to raise our voice in protest against such unfair encroachments. It is very evident from the reports published in Catholic periodicals, from the facts developed at the Congressional hearing before the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and from the petitions which Catholics have been sending to the Post-office Department and to Representatives in Congress favoring the three bills which aim to establish a one-man cen-sorship of the press, that the Catholic societies are waging a concerted warfare upon the freedom of the press. The Catholic press calls this effort to restrict 