92 LIBERTY the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press.' " Now gentlemen of the Congress, there are not two consecutive paragraphs in this unconstitutional and tyrannical espionage bill which do not, either by permission or by mandate, attempt to abridge and to coerce and to destroy the freedom of speech and the freedom of the press. " And if you pass such a bill, you are false to your oaths, false to the command of the Constitution you are .sworn to obey and to uphold, false to your people, false to the lib-erties and the rights guaranteed to you and to your children, false to our noble traditions of freedom, false to the living, and false to the dead who died that these institutions and promises of liberty might be the heritage of free Americans in free America through centuries upon centuries of representative con-stitutional government. " If you fail in your duty now, if you crouch like whipped dogs at the crack of the lash, if you do not maintain your own and your people's rights and liberties, you are not fit to represent a free people, and you will go down to posterity covered with the contempt and the resentment of those better and braver times which we still have faith to believe await our children and the Republic." . . . PRESS AS PATRIOTIC AS CONGRESS Not long ago the New York Times published the following editorial: " THE CENSORSHIP " In the espionage bill now before Congress awaiting its consideration there is a section giving to the government the power of censor-ship over the press, although the bill is pro-fessedly designed only to deal with spies. As it stands in the bill, this section makes it pos-sible for the government to assume complete control over all the newspapers of the coun-try, to abolish and suppress the freedom of the press guaranteed by the Constitution. In the guise of safeguards against giving infor-mation of value to the enemy, it puts it in the power of the government to prevent absolutely the publication of news relating to war. . . . " The newspapers of the country will faith-fully comply with any reasonable requests or regulations of the government. It is not even necessary that the requests should have the special authority of a statute. The press is as patriotic as the Congress." On May I, 1917, the Philadelphia In-quirer printed an editorial reading: " SHALL CONGRESS MUZZLE THE NEWSPAPERS? " With the Army bill virtually out of the way, Congress is to take up and dispose of the so-called espionage measure. That meas- ure contains a provision for gagging and muzzling the newspapers, in direct violation of the mandate of the federal Constitution, which declares that ' Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech or of the press.' . . . " The press can be trusted, and it ought to be. Forbid the printing of information of value to the enemy, but do not pass a gag law that would suppress legitimate news or repress truth. Truth cannot be successfully mangled for any length of time. Truth harms no one. It is the half truth that matters,Šthe half truth that is in itself a lie or a deception. Muzzle the newspapers, and we shall have a nation distrustful of the govern-ment, fearful that facts are concealed that ought to be made public. " To gag the newspapers would be the most disastrous thing that Congress possibly could do." Let me read from today's Washing-ton Times [May 2, 19171, which prints the following editorial: " IS THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES STRONG ENOUGH AND SOUND ENOUGH FOR WAR TIME? . . . Washington managed to do his work obedient to the Constitution. " Lincoln fought through the Civil War and did not find that the Constitution needed changing for his sake Š his task was not easy. " But the democratic administration of to-day demands, at the mere suggestion of war, that the Constitution be changed, and changed in that part which more than all the rest of the Constitution guarantees freedom,Š free-dom of speech, freedom of the press. . . . " Freedom of the press is collective freedom of speech. . . . " The dangerous feature of the espionage bill consists in this: Its serious discussion in both houses of Congress indicates that the government not only questions but denies the right and ability of the people to manage their affairs. . . . " Have we really come to such a pass? Must the people of this country be led like a tame bear with a ring in its nose, an elected public servant holding and pulling the string? . . . "In voting for the espionage bill the fraud-ulent public servant votes to give to himself and to the President power to put in jail any citizen who may tell an unpleasant truth or formulate a needed disagreeable criticism con-cerning either of them. " The espionage bill would give to the Pres-ident or to any one of five hundred under-strappers power to imprison any man for writing what you have just read,Š power- to 