LIBERTY 105 Persia. In Egypt its origin is credited to Isis or Osiris. Pompeii had a statue of Bacchus. The Bible contains fifty-eight references to drunkenness. It closed the career of Alexan-der the Great and many of the high and low in ancient Greece and Rome. " But the drunkenness of the ancient was wine, beer, or cider drunkenness. The accred-ited inventor of distilla-tion died in 1106 A. D., hence whisky and other distilled liquors were not responsible for the in-temperance of the olden times." This statement is followed by these facts on the effect of wine drinking in France: " At the beginning of the present war, France abolished absinth, but left her wine and brandy and other liquors. Here is a poster issued in 1916 by the French Society Against Noah Became a Alcoholism, the honorary Husbandman president of which is M. Raymond Poiricare, the president of France : " L'ALARME. Ł [ Societe Francaise d'Action Contre Alcoolisme ; Honorary President, M. Raymond Poincarel " To French Women and French Young People : " r. Alcohol is as formidable an enemy to you as Germany. "2. It has cost France since 1870 in men and money more than the present war. " 3. Alcohol pleases the taste, but, a verita-ble poison, it destroys the body. "4. Drinkers grow ow early. They lose half their normal life, and are easy prey to numerous weaknesses and maladies. " 5. The ' little glasses' of parents are trans-formed into hereditary weaknesses in their descendants. France has today about 200,000 insane, twice as many consumptives, to say nothing of the victims of gout, scrofula, rick-ets, premature degeneracy, and the majority of criminals. " 6. Alcoholism reduces our productivity two thirds, increases the cost of living and misery. " 7. Like the criminal kaiser, alcoholism decimates and ruins France to the great joy of Germany. Mothers, young people, hus-bands, fight alcoholism and remember the glo-rious wounded and dead for the country. "8. You will thus accomplish a great task, equaling that of our heroic soldiers." Then follow facts and figures relative to the effects of the same curse in Swit-zerland and Italy, all showing most clearly and undeniably that wherever light wines and beers abound there drunkenness also abounds. Mr. Vance Thompson, the well-known journalist, is quoted in this connec-tion as saying in a re-cent book: " The greater part of my life I have lived in wine countries. Always one re-members the best of life; the dirty and tragic parts slip out of mind. . . . And so with the wine lands. Go to the real facts of life, banish the haze of poetic fancy, and what you see is not the cannikin-clinking merriment of comic opera, but a sadder, drearier way of life. I am speaking of lands where the grapes grow, where wine is ' natural, pure, and cheap.' It is there at its best. The alcohol, always a poison, is, in its least harmful form, concealed in the beneficent juice of the grape Š hidden in suav-, ity and perfume. And what it does to the race of men, dwellers in sunlight, you know, for you have shuddered at these crippled and distorted generations, with -their beggars and idiots, bearing one and all Š to the eye of the physiologist Š the stigmata of alcoholic penal-ties. " ' No drunkenness in southern Europe'? " He who makes that statement speaks out of deep ignorance. He has never dwelt in the villages of Provence or wandered over the wide roads of Italy. You do not, I admit, see so wild and manifest a drunkenness as in the harsh, northern, spirit-drinking lands, but the southern drinker, making up in quantity what was wanting in the alcoholic strength of his beverage, reaches the same stage of physical impairment, begets the same poisoned offspring, dies in the same kind of alcoholic dissolution Š to use the technical phrase. His moral corruption, as his physical degeneration, is slower in its progress, but statistics might be piled hospital-high to show it reaches the same end."Š Congressional Record for June 27, 1917, P. 4743. Our nation has entered upon a great war. Prohibition has been urged, and to some extent adopted, as a war measure. Let us hope that it will be made unlim- (Coneiudod on page 127 