LIBERTY  9 A Few National Reform Utterances " WE want state and religion; and we are going to have it."ÑJonathan Edwards, D. D. In other words, they want a state religion. "Constitutional laws punish for false money, weights, and measure. So Congress must establish a standard of religion, or admit anything called religion.''Ñ Prof. C. A. Blanchard. And this will mean an established religion. " Our remedy for all these malefic influ-ences is to have the government simply set up the moral law, and recognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it." Ñ Rev. M. A. Gault. And this means relig-ious persecution. They desire an amendment to the Consti-tution that will " place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our Gov-ernment on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land."ÑArt. 2 of their Constitution. That is, they desire the Christian religion made the " legal " relig-ion of the nation. " Those who oppose this work now will discover, when the religious amendment is made to the Constitution, that if they do not see fit to fall in with the majority, they must abide the consequences, or seek some more congenial clime."Ñ Dr. David Mc-Alister. This is what Rome said after Christianity, so-called, became the estab-lished religion of this empire. Justinian told the people that if they did not embrace the established religion, confiscation and other punishments would follow. " We propose to incorporate in our na-tional Constitution the moral and religious command, ' In it (the Sabbath) thou shalt do no work,' except the works of neces-sity, and by external force of sheriffs we propose to arrest and punish all violators of this law."Ñ Rev. M. A. Gault. " Let those who will, remember the Sab-bath to keep it holy from motives of love and obedience; the remnant must be made to do so through fear of law. We have no option."Ñ Christian Nation. This of course would work hardship to those who did not believe in keeping the  Sabbath enforced by the law; but Dr. Mc-Alister says: " It is better that a few should suffer than that the nation should lose its Sabbath." So Caiaphas, the high priest, thought concerning Christ, when he said that it was expedient " that one man should die for the people, and that the whole na-tion perish not." These are the sentiments and principles held and being taught by many of the leaders of religious thought to-day. " Give us good Sunday laws, well en-forced by men in local authority, and our churches will be full of worshipers, and our young men and women will be attracted to the divine service. A mighty combina-tion of the churches of the United States could win from Congress, the State legis-latures, and municipal councils, all legis-lation essential to this splendid result." ÑRev. S. V. Leech, D. D. This shows that this whole Sunday-law movement is a church movement, and that Sunday laws are desired by the church leaders in order that their churches may be " full of worshipers " and that the peo-ple may by this means be " attracted " to the divine service. " In the Christian de¥calogue the first day was made the Sabbath by divine appoint-ment. But there is a class of people who will not keep the Christian Sabbath unless they are forced to do so; but that can easily be done. If we would say we will not sell anything to them, we will not buy anything from them, we will not work for them, or hire them to work for us, the thing could be wiped out, and all the world would keep the Christian Sabbath."Ñ Rev. Dr. Bascom Robins. In other words, they propose to boycott all who will not keep the first day of the week as the Sabbath, just as Christ, in Revelation the 13th chapter, said the mark of the beast (the papal power) would be enforced,Ñ " that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark," etc. This is sufficient to show the wicked, compulsory, persecuting spirit that is be-hind the Sunday-law movement. It belongs to the great apostasy from God and His law. It is not Christian. Christ did not persecute.  w. A. C. 