56 LIBERTY be secured only by a Coristitutional amendment. Federated church move-ments have already proved efficient in some directions, and when the power in-herent in such unification becomes more apparent it cannot help but increase the demand for a further demonstration. The day of this unhappy issue will soon he upon us in full. In that fateful hour when the right of democracy shall triumph and lordly autocracy be beaten into the dust Š then the will of religious masses substituted for the will of Jeho-vah, like a calamitous spirit, will inject itself into the body politic, and the result will be in itself a union of good and evil, Š a Christianized democracy,Š an " im-age to the beast." We need to still thank God, and pray for the type of Christian statesmen who have thus far so stanchly championed and upheld the cause of religious freedom. These men who act as buffers between the destructive elements that emanate from apostasy and God's freemen, should have the prayers and support of all loyal citizens; and let it be proclaimed every-where that in order to perpetuate the strength and glory of our Republic we must not only make the world safe for democracy, but democracy itself, with the principles of true Protestantism, must be kept safe for the individual. The units of a civil society must be free, or that society itself will inevitably become a despotism, whatever may he its form. x x Observations on the Jones Bill x x By Our Legislative Observer DECEMBER i i Mr. Jones of the State of Washington, introduced in the United States Senate a Sunday bill, S. 3162, " for the proper observance of Sunday as a day of rest in the District of Columbia." This pro-posed law is as follows: "Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That from and after the passage of this Act it shall be unlawful in the District of Columbia for any person to tabor or to employ any person to labor or to pursue any trade or worldly busi-ness on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, except in works of necessity or charity, and except also newspaper publish-ers and their employees, and except also pub-lic-service corporations and their employees in the necessary supplying of service to the people of the District, and also except those persons who are accustomed to observe reg-ularly some other day of the week on which they refrain from doing what is herein pro-hibited on Sunday, and who, when working on Sunday do so in such a manner as not to interrupt or disturb those observing the first day of the week, called Sunday. In works of necessity or charity is included whatever is needed for the good order and health of the community. It shall be unlawful for any person, partnership, firm, corporation, or mu-nicipality. or any of their agents, directors,  or officers, to require or permit any employees to work on the said day, excepting in house-hold service, unless within the next succeed-ing six days during a period of twenty-four consecutive hours he or it shall neither re-quire nor permit such employee to work in his or its employ. " Any person who shall violate the pro-visions of this Act shall on conviction thereof be punished by a fine of not less than $to nor more than $5o for the first offense, and for each subsequent offense by a fine of not less than $25 nor more than $too, and by im-prisonment in the jail of the District of Columbia for a period of not less than one month nor more than three months, in the discretion of the court. " Sec. 2. That all prosecutions for viola-tions of this Act shall be in the police court of the District of Columbia and in the name of the District of Columbia." That this bill is religious in its genesis and purpose is shown by its prohibition of " worldly business." " Worldly " is defined by the dictionaries as " relating to the world ; human ; common ; " " per-taining to this world or life in contradis-tinction from the life that is to come; secular; temporal; devoted to this life and its enjoyments; bent on gain;" etc. It is proposed in the Jones bill to pro-hibit on Sunday, in the District of Co- 