10 LIBERTY " Let no man therefore judge you in meat, or in drink [offerings], or in respect of a holy day, or of the new moon, or of the sabbath days: which are a shadow of things to come." Col. 2: 16, 17. " Let us apply these propositions to the Sun-day law of this State. " This law reads, that : ' The first day of the week being by very general consent set apart for rest and religious uses.' The very reason for the existence of the statute is shown in its introduction. Its explanation for being a law is because, ' The first day of the week is set apart for rest and religious uses.' Your Honors know that both Sunday and Sabbath were born in the church. They are questions of faith on which the applicant decides when he becomes a member of the organization. The observance of Sunday, the first day of the week, or Sabbath, the seventh day of the week, is a test of fellowship in the ecclesias-tical bodies that keep the respective days. Sun-day, or the Sabbath, has no meaning unless it is related to the duty we owe our God. La-bors, pursuits, and businesses that are licensed and deemed honorable during the weekly days, can only be illegalized by virtue of the religion that is a part of Sunday legislation. Sunday and Sunday laws have no meaning unless they are recognized as a statutory way of prescrib-ing religious duties. Enforcing Church Doctrines " What is the State of Oklahoma doing? It is picking up a church doctrine, a church faith, and incorporating it into the law of the land, and compelling all citizens, regardless of their conscientious convictions, to obey the language of the statute. This law is leaving off the proper administrations of the functions pertaining to the Temple of Justice, where civil rights and civil conduct should be brought for review, and it is entering the very sanc-tuary of the soul, and standing between the individual and his God. What excuse has the Legislature for the passage of such a law? It is because the first day of the week by very general consent is set apart for rest and re-ligious uses. " Suppose the first day of the week by very general consent was not set apart for rest and religious uses, would there have been a Sunday law? We say there would not, from the reasons assigned in the statute. Therefore, we contend that the law is religious, that it makes a union of church and state, and, there-fore, is unconstitutional. This law is religious and unconstitutional because in its application,  and in its enforcement, it interferes with the plaintiffs in error in being Christians, and it molests them in their person and property on account of their mode of religious worship. Interferes with Liberty of Conscience " We repeat it, Your Honors, it interferes with their being Christians, and we emphasize that statement. Their construction and inter-pretation of the Scriptures are necessarily and rightfully in harmony with their conscience. The duties they owe their Creator, and the manner of discharging them, are in obedience to the exposition of the Bible according to the sect or denomination to which they belong. Why should they not be allowed to exercise these inalienable rights? Should a law be per-mitted to remain upon the statute books the enforcement of which would take away these rights that have never been surrendered by the citizen to the state, and would interfere with their being Christians? How does this law interfere with their being Christians. Why, Your Honor, according to the exegesis of the Bible to which they have subscribed their faith. it was Christ that made the world. In the Bible they turn to the first chapter of John. and in the first verses they read these words: ' In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.  The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him; and without him was not anything made that was made. . . . He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not.' " In the first chapter of the Colossian let-ter, the fifteenth and the sixteenth verses read : Who is the image of the invisible God, the first-born of every creature: for by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are on earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones, or dominions, or principal-ities, or powers: all things were created by him, and for him.' " It is not a question whether or not their idea of the Scripture is correct. It is not a question, for the purposes of this lawsuit, whether Seventh-day Adventists are right or not. We are not quoting Scripture to exploit their religion, but we are quoting Scripture to show that this Sunday law infringes upon the religious rights of the accused. "From the above quotations it will be seen, " Then saith he [Jesus] unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." Matt. 22:21. 