General Articles A Memorial To the Honorable Senate and House of Representatives in Congress Assembled: YOUR memorialists respectfully represent that the body of Christian believers with which they are connected, the Seventh-day Adventists, and whose views they represent, has a growing membership residing in every State and Territory in the Union ; that nearly all these members are native.-born American citizens; and that it is supporting missionaries and has a following in every continent of the world. It is a Protestant body, which was established in this country about sixty years ago. We recognize the authority and dignity of the American Congress, as being the highest law-making power in the land, to whose guidance and fostering care have been committed the manifold interests of this great country; and our justification for presenting this memorial to your honorable body is that we are not seeking to direct your attention to any private or class con-cerns, but to principles which are funda-mental to the stability and prosperity of the whole nation. We therefore earnestly ask your consideration of the representa-tion which we herewith submit. We believe in civil government as hav-ing been divinely ordained for the preser-vation of the peace of society, and for the protection of all citizens in the enjoy-ment of those inalienable rights which are the highest gift to man from the Cre-ator. We regard properly constituted civil authority as supreme in the sphere in which it is legitimately exercised, and we conceive its proper concern to be " the happiness and protection of men in the present state of existence; the security of the life, liberty, and property of the citizens; and to restrain the vicious and encourage the virtuous by wholesome laws, equally extending to every individual." As law-abiding citizens, we seek to maintain that respect for authority which is the most effective bulwark of just government, and which is especially nec-essary for the maintenance of republican institutions upon an enduring basis. We heartily profess the Christian faith, and have no higher ambition than that we  may consistently exemplify its principles in our relations to our fellow men and to the common Father of us all. We cheerfully devote our time, our energies, and our means to the evangelization of the world, proclaiming those primitive principles and doctrines of the gospel which were inter-preted anew to mankind by the Saviour of the world, and which were the fundamental truths maintained by the church in apostolic times. We regard the Holy Scriptures as the sufficient and infallible rule of faith and practise, and consequently discard as bind-ing and essential all teachings and rituals which rest merely upon tradition and custom. While we feel constrained to yield to the claims of civil government and religion, as both being of divine origin, we believe their spheres to be quite distinct the one from the other, and that the stability of the republic and the highest welfare of all citizens demand the complete separation of church and state. The legitimate purposes of government " of the people, by the peo-ple, and for the people," are clearly defined in the preamble of the national Constitution to be to " establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common de-fense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty " to all. All these aims are of a temporal nature, and grow out of the relations of man to man. The founders of the nation, recognizing that " the duty which we owe our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can only be directed by reason and conviction, and is nowhere cognizable but at the tribunal of the universal Judge," wisely excluded relig-ion from the concerns of civil government, not because of their indifference to its value, but because, being primarily a matter of the heart and conscience, it did not come within the jurisdiction of human laws or civil compacts. The recognition of the freedom of the mind of man and the policy of leaving the conscience untrammeled by legislative enactments have been abundantly justified by a record of national develop-ment and prosperity which is unparalleled in history. This is the testimony of our own experience to the wisdom embodied in the principle enunciated by the divine 