Full Text of Proposed Sunday-Observance Law Now Pending in United States Senate 63d CONGRESS, 1st Session S. 752 IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES April 12, 1913 Mr. Johnston of Alabama introduced the following bill, which was read twice and referred to the Committee on the District of Columbia A BILL For the proper observance of Sunday as a day of rest in the District of Columbia Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That from and after the passage of this Act it shall be unlawful in the District of Columbia for any person to labor or to employ any person to labor, or to pursue any trade or worldly business on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, except in works of necessity, or charity, and except also newspaper publishers and their employees, and except also public service corporations and their employees, in the necessary supplying of service to the people of the District. In works of necessity or charity is included whatever is needed for the good order and health of the community. It shall be un-lawf ul for any person, partnership, firm, corporation, or municipality, or any of their agents, directors, or officers, to require or permit any employees to work on the said day, excepting in household service, unless within the next succeeding six days during a period of twenty-four consecutive hours he or it shall neither require nor permit such employee to work in his or its employ. Any person who shall violate the provisions of this Act shall on conviction thereof be punished by a fine of not less than $10 nor more than $5o for the first offense, and for each subsequent offense by a fine of not less than $2.5 nor more than $100, and by imprisonment in the jail of the District of Columbia for a period of not less than one month nor more than three months, in the discretion of the court. SEC. 2. That all prosecutions for violations of this Act shall be in the Ł police court of the District of Columbia and in the name of the District of Columbia. This Proposed Legislation Is Unconstitutional, Un-American, Unjust, and Unnecessary ! Jesus Christ: "Render to Caesar the things that are Cwsar's, and to God ;:he things that are God's." Mark 12: 17. United States Constitution: "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Š First Amendment. U. S. Grant: "Keep the state and the church forever separate."ŠSpeech at Des Moines, Iowa, 1875. United States Senate: "Our government is a civil, and not a religious institution." "The proper  object of government is to protect all persons in the enjoyment of their religioui as well as their civil rights, and not to determine for any whether they shall esteem one day above another, or esteem all days alike holy." Š Sunday Mail Report, azo. 