"The American System of Government as Conceived by Its Founders" S. B. HORTON THE American system of government stands for the absolute separation of church and state. In this particular it differs materially from those nations of Europe which had a semblance of di-vorcement between church and state fol-lowing the great Reformation. The principles of the Protestant Reformation could not well be carried to their con-summation in the Old World. The na-tions of that hemisphere had been so im-pregnated with the false theory of human government that virgin soil became an absolute necessity if these principles were to fructify into those realities de-signed to be a blessing to mankind. Pago-Roman law said: " Worship the gods in all respects according to the laws of your country, and compel others to do the same. But hate and punish those who would introduce anything whatever alien to our customs in this particular." Š Neander's " Church History," Vol. 1, sec. r, part r, div. 3, par. 2. Persecution for dissenters, of course, followed in the wake of such legislation, for, continuing, the law said : " Whoever introduces new religions, the tendency and character of which are unknown, whereby the minds of men may be dis-turbed, shall, if belonging to the higher rank, be banished ; if the lower, punished with death."Š Id. Of all the notable colonial characters, Roger Williams stands out as a beacon light. Having been trained in the prin-ciples of religious liberty at the feet of Coke, the great English barrister, and enjoying a religious experience, he was prepared to serve his fellows to advan-tage. When Roger Williams came to America, he found a situation corre-sponding in kind to that from which the pilgrims had very recently emigrated. The settlers had arranged a form of o8 civil government the effect of which wa, to unite the church with the state, and he came in direct conflict with the very people who should have hailed him as a safe guide and deliverer. His aversion to that condition caused him to be haled before courts. " The Puritan writers have uniformly sustained the Boston court, and stigmatized Williams for be-ing contentious and extreme in his opin-ions, and for creating dissension, with-out adequate cause, among the brethren at Boston. But it will be remembered that much of the religious contention of that age concerned itself about ceremo-nies. They were objected to by the Non-conformists within the church because they had a tendency to lessen the chasm between Protestantism and Romanism, and they were still more strenuously op-posed by the Separatists or Nonconform-ists without the church because their retention was regarded as tending to sanction and perpetuate the corruptions with which they had been associated. To Williams it seemed absurd and a com-promise of principle for the New Eng-land brethren to retain connection with the Church of England, especially in view of the fact that they had quitted England because of their refusal to con-form to the ceremonies of that church. " The other charge brought against Williams is that he denied the power of the civil magistracy to punish for the violation of the first table of the law. To understand the force and meaning of this objection, which goes to the root and foundation of the Puritan common- ealth, whose statute book was the Bible, pure and simple, we must bear in mind that the ten commandments were the corner stone of their fabric. They were divided into two tables,' the first four covering the first table, and the other 