132 LIBERTY king its position emphatic. The Pope has made it known to the Center Party that he claims absolute supremacy in all questions. Before this dictum of the Pope all thought of resistance withered away immediately. The party is now entirely subject to the will of Rome in the political affairs of Germany. Says a despatch from Berlin : " The Holy Fa-ther is to-day admittedly the most pow-erful man in Germany." This does not agree very strikingly with the oft-re-peated declaration that the Roman Cath-olic Church is not in politics. In Japan There has been considerable agitation, especially in the religious press of the past few weeks, in reference to the tor-ture of Korean Christians by officials of the Japanese government, to force from them confessions in reference to the at-tempt on the life of the Japanese gov-ernor-general of Korea, Mr. Terauchi. While the Japanese deny any antichris-tian motives in the matter, the arrests and tortures have spread a feeling of terror among the Christian population of Korea. The Japan Advertiser of Tokio says that a movement has been projected in Japan for a rapprochement between Shintoism, Buddhism, and Christianity, with a view to associatingŁall three with national education," in order to " secure cooperation between the three religions themselves," and also to " secure co-operation between the three religions and the government," in the introduction of religious teaching in the public schools of the empire. The proposition ema-nates from the vice-minister of the home department of the government. If the teaching of religion in the public schools of the country is essential, then Japan has a proposition three times as ad-vanced and wise as that which has been urged for several years in this country. In England A case has recently been decided in  England which is of interest in connec-tion with the Ne temere decree of the Vatican. A Protestant man married a Catholic woman. After the birth of sev-eral children, the couple were divorced. The husband considered himself re-leased from the promise made at the time of the marriage that all children should be brought up in the Roman Catholic faith. The matter was taken into court, and the court decided that " in England the father has the supreme right to control the religion of his chil-dren while minors, and that no private agreements in the matter are recognized by law." The Sunday Guardian, pub-lished in London, reports in each issue activities of the Sunday-enforcement element. It has been instrumental in stirring up certain organizations to de-clare on their own account for Sunday enforcement, and representative non-conformist organizations have been pe-titioning the government against the ac-tion of the war office " in encouraging territorial shooting on the Lord's day." In Newport, Monmouthshire, a move-ment is on foot to boycott the daily street-car service if the companies attempt to operate cars on Sundays. Sunday golf is also agitating the populace, and attempts to have the golf links opened for Sunday playing seem to be proving unsuccessful. The Imperial Sunday Alliance is put-ting forth strenuous efforts in every di-rection among the laboring element to secure absolute inactivity on Sunday. The Shops Bill, introduced by Mr. Her-bert Gladstone, while having many ex-cellent features regarding the comfort of employees, is marked by inequality and injustice when it touches the matter of religion. It requires that all shops be closed during the whole of Sunday, ex-cept that saloons and certain refresh-ment stands may be operated throughout the day, whereas the sale of bread, milk, and cream is prohibited after ten o'clock 