72 LIBERTY . . . In peaceable and quiet times our legal rights are in little danger of being over-borne, but when the wave of arbitrary power lashes itself into violence, and rage goes surg-ing up against the barriers which were made to confine it, then we need the whole strength of an unbroken Constitution to save us from destruction." . . . I realize that error is short-lived, and any advantage obtained by the publica-tion of a lie is ephemeral so long as truth unproscribed is free to combat it. JEFFERSONIAN PRINCIPLES I think the observations of Thomas Jefferson on this question are the quin- tescence of human wisdom. . . . He says: " One of the Amendments to the Constitu- tion . . expressly declares that Congress should make no law respecting an establish-ment of religion or prohibiting the free ex-ercise thereof, or abridging the freedom of speech or of the press, thereby guarding in the same sentence and under the same words the freedom of religion, of speech, and of the press, in so much that whatever violates either throws down the sanctuary which cov-ers the others." And further : " Truth is the proper and sufficient antag-onist to error, and has nothing to fear from (Continued on page 86) A MENACE TO LIBERTY By THE MANAGING EDITOR 'THE greatest menace to 1 the liberties of the American people is not that autocracy may be forced upon us by foreign foes, but that, taking counsel of our own fears, we shall surrender, under the stress of war conditions, some of the fundamental safeguards of our cherished liberties. The war must be won, it is urged ; and that it may be won, and won as speedily as possible, extraordinary powers must be granted to the Chief Executive. Our President is a man in whose judgment and justice we all have the utmost con-fidence. It is proposed, therefore, to create a limited press censorship under his control, he to name the censors and to be himself the final arbiter. But is not this to override and subvert that provision of the Constitution that guar-antees the freedom of the press? We all feel sure that President Wilson will not abuse any power put into his hands ; but Mr. Wilson will not always be President. According to the unwrit- ten law of the nation, four years hence another man, possibly one as yet un-known to fame, will wield any power of censorship now granted by Congress. Precedents are sometimes dangerous things. If the Constitution is overridden now or wrongly interpreted in the inter-ests of various war measures, is there not danger that the same thing will be done again and again, and each time under circumstances of less and less stress, until finally every provision that stands in the way of the exercise of arbitrary power will be swept away, and we have in fact, if not in name, an au-tocracy as real, and possibly as arbitrary and unrestrained, as that against which we as a nation have been called upon to draw the sword? This is no time for captious criticism, nor for anything that tends in any way to weaken the hands of the President, but is there not here a real danger against which we should be on our guard ? Can-not our nation's existence and freedom be preserved without the sacrifice of the freedom of speech and of the press? We believe this can and will be done. 