LIBERTY 141 I not do what I wish with my own prop-erty?" The fact that the house is yours makes no difference when it involves the possible ruin of others. If you set your house afire, some other house might catch fire, and the property of others be injured. We are not independent of others. What we do has an inevitable effect on the welfare and happiness of those who come in contact with us. We are members of a great social family as w e 11 as of our own flesh and blood union. Even when a few members go wrong the whole body, has to suffer. This whole nation is suffering be-cause of the al-coholic liquor traffic. The drunken m a n is a menace to the peace and safety of his neighbors and a source of dan-ger to their property. Frightful accidents occur daily. Look for the cause and you will find that some one in a position of responsibility neg-lected to heed a signal, or was incapable of fulfilling his duty, because he had been drinking. Three fourths of all the crimes com-mitted are directly or indirectly caused by drink. It is the prime cause of the in-sanity of thirty thousand who yearly en-ter our asylums. Three fourths of those who are murdered are killed by men un-der the influence of liquor. One boy out of every five families enters a drunkard's grave. When we see the monster, drink, eating at the very vitals of our social be- ing, causing physical, mental, and moral degeneracy in the people of our land, is it an encroachment on the liberty of any to stop it? Is it right or just that the good people of our country should be taxed to support courts, jails, asylums, and workhouses filled largely with the fruits of the liquor traffic? Have we no right of protection against the drunkard, who is even more dangerous than the high- w a ym a n, the thief, or the thug? The liquor men come cov-ering their wretched p u r - po se with fine words and high-sounding prom-ises. " By their fruits ye s h all know them." They are not fighting for lib-erty ; they have no interest in t h e welfare of humanity ; b u t they do fight for license to c o n - tinue their wicked work of destroying homes and caus-ing poverty, wretchedness, disease, and death. Every crime-producing agency should be pro- hibited by law. Ł Berrien Springs, Mich. IT is inconceivable to me that any man who loves his country, and especially any Christian man, can do other at this time than support with all the force of his being any measure which will help to deliver us from the almost unmeasur-able evil of the drink traffic.Š Dr. G. Campbell Morgan. tV ftF THE liquor traffic has no redeeming feature. Alcohol I AM the fire. I burn, consume, destroy ; I never build. I am disease ; my fever rageth hot. I am the funeral pyre. The ermine robes of kings, The surplice of the priest, And silks of fashion's queens, Alike feed my insatiate desire. Fierce heights my frenzy gains; And then I smolder for a while ; and then My flames burst forth, and, rising high and higher, Consume again, till naught consumable remains. I am the burning lake ; Within my bounds no tongue its thirst can slake. I am the fire that water quencheth not. Š Clinton Bancroft, in the Union Signal. 