182  LIBERTY them, too, in their efforts to enforce them on others. Here is one case in point.: Rev. Joseph Keevil, the secre- tary of the Kings County Sunday Ob-servance Society, wrote a letter to Hon. W. J. Gaynor, the mayor of New York, dated July 17, in which he complained that the law against Sunday baseball was being violated, and urged its en- forcement. In the course of his reply, which was printed in the New York Times of July 26, the mayor said: Ñ Now I do not like to say anything to you in the way of admonition, although you write to me and admonish me, in-stead of going to the police captains and the magistrates, who are appointed to receive your complaints and act thereon. I f I should admonish you, it would be in the most hesitant way Ñ yet, even touching you only by the very tips of my fingers, so to speak. In that spirit may I say that some think that what you are doing on Sunday, namely, trudging all over the city and watching your neigh-bors, and receiving wages therefor, is " work " within the meaning of our Sun-day law, and also of the divine com-mandment which says, " Thou shalt not do any kind of work " on the Sabbath. Your case, to say the least, may be as debatable as the case of the games on Sunday in the fields, which you are ob-jecting to. If these games are of doubt-ful legality, is not that also the best that can be said of the work which you are doing on Sunday for pay ? If a private citizen hires out to other private citizens to go about as a sort of catchpole on Sunday to watch whether his neighbors play ball, and stop them, is he not work-ing? We do not concede that there is any divine commandment forbidding work on Sunday, as the commandment says that " the seventh day [not Sunday] is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God," but we think Mayor Gaynor puts Mr. Keevil in rather a tight place so far as the breaking of the civil law is concerned. We hope he will take to heart the mayor's admonition.  w. w. P. CHINA recently granted full religious freedom to all Christians, and solicited the prayers of Christendom for the wel-fare of the new republic. But now, with one sweep of the pen, she strikes a deadly blow at religious freedom for the Chris-tians because her request for a foreign loan was riot granted. The government revived the sacrificial ceremony of Con-fucius in all colleges, schools, public bodies, and gatherings, making it obli-gatory upon all to perform the religious obeisances at the altar of Confucius. Yet Sunday-law advocates feel justified in compelling all men to do obeisance at the altar of " old Sol," by forcing them to keep Sunday whether they believe in it or not. After all, we ought to have con-siderable charity for the Chinaman'F blindness. EVERY two years the Statue of Free-dom on the dome of the Capitol at Wash-ington receives a complete overhauling. The dust and the grime, which accumu-lates on the face and figure of the god-dess of liberty, marring the luster of her appearance, are removed. Freedom's jewels have to be replaced, as the seven platinum tips, which surmount her crown, become badly damaged by light-ning. Hundreds of dollars' worth of precious metal is added to her brow to protect her from the elements, and to enable her to weather another attack of the thunderbolts of time. What a lesson to the guardians of liberty ! Are not the principles of civil and religious liberty. for which the Statue of Freedom stands, in even greater danger of mutilation at the hands of its enemies than the mere statue? These principles need to be jealously guarded, polished, and newly set as they are attacked from time to time, in order to bring out their true luster. 