For Religious Liberty Workers Religious Liberty Leaflets A SERIES of tersely written tracts, en-velope size, covering the most importalit phases of the religious liberty question. i Principles Too Little Understood  2 Sunday Laws  5/2.  3 Logic of Sabbath Legislation,  4 The Civil Sabbath  5 Civil Government and the Church  Y4  6 Religious LibertyŠWhat Eminent Au- thorities Say  7 The Church's Greatest Need To-Day  04 8 Church Federation  9 Limits of Civil Authorily  io A Vital Question Š Is the Sabbath a Civil Institution ?  II What Are Works of Charity and. Ne- cessity ?  54 12 " Backward States "  13 Alexander Campbell on Moral Societies i% 14 William Lloyd Garrison on Sunday Laws    'A Complete Set, post-paid, 8 cents Religious Liberty Post- Cards CARTOONS have had a large place in molding public sentiment. The cartoons which have appeared in Liberty have been prepared with the idea of impress-ing the mind with the principles at stake in this great question of religious liberty. The Religious Liberty Post-cards are facsimiles of some of the best of these cartoons, and have been heartily wel-comed by all lovers of religious liberty as a means of spreading the principles of this important subject. There are ten different cards in the complete set, printed in assorted colors. Single set, post-paid $ Five or more, each  .o6 Review and Herald Publishing Association New York City WASHINGTON, D. C. South Bend, Ind. Signs of the Times Temperance Ammunition THIS is an illustrated, religious, pro-phetic, educational, and temperance journal, devoted to the exposition of the gospel as found in both the Old and New Testaments, and as preached by Christ and his apostles. The fulfilment of the prophetic portion of the Scriptures, as shown by the important events constantly occurring, is made espe-cially prominent. Each number contains a Bible reading on some important topic, and in its various departments will be found something of in-terest to every member of the family. The Signs of the Times is emphatically a family journal and worthy a place in every household. Subscription Price Weekly edition (52 numbers), $1.5o a year. Monthly magazine, $1 a year. Combination offer: Weekly journal and Monthly magazine, $2 a year. Send for sample copies. SIGNS OF THE TIMES Mountain View. - - California Life and Health Leaflets A SERIES of tracts covering the important phases of the great temperance question. The tracts are envelope size, and on ac-count of their moderate price can be used in large quantities for correspondence or public distribution. Alcohol and Disease Y2 2 Liquor and Poverty Y. 3 Counting the Cost of Alcohol  4 Is Alcohol a Food?  5 The Cure for National Intemperance 6 Patent Medicines Yt 7 Simple Treatments for a Cold  8 Some Effects of Tobacco Using Y. 9 Pointed Facts About Tobacco y4 to Pure Air in the Home  One each, post-paid, 5 cents Review and Herald Publishing Assn. New York City WASHINGTON, D. C. South Bend. Ind. 