Photo by G. V. Buck DR. HENRY KING CARROLL, THE PROTES- TANT DELEGATE TO CONGRESS LIBERTY  81 Scientist has exactly the same right to be paid for his service. The sect seems to be unpopular and to have few defenders. That is only a greater reason why we should see to it that its rights be re-spected. In closing his address, Judge Cullen put into brief statement his protest against the tendencies of which he had spoken more at length : Ñ I protest against two tendencies of the times : First, to dis- regard a s legal technicalities,  o n the plea of neces-sity, the constitu-tional safeguards for  t h e security and protection of the individual citi-zen as against the government ; and, second, to restrict the liberty of ac-tion of the individ-ual, when the ef-fect of such action is confined to him-self, except in the sense so often urged, that t h e community is in-terested in what-ever concerns the individual, in which there is no force, as the com-munity is simply the aggregation of individuals. Nor do I complain of democracy.  0 n the contrary, if I must be deprived of my liberty and rendered miserable, I am sufficient of a utilitarian to desire that my misery shall contribute to the happiness of the great-est number. But I protest against being compelled to surrender my liberty at all. To those, if there are any such at this day, who share these views, I have but this to say, that the only way in which our own conduct can be secured against the inroads of paternal or socialistic gov-ernment is to be alert to protect the con- duct of others and to condemn, violations of private rights equally whether the vio-lation is of our rights or of those of others. Of interest in this connection is an edi-torial in the New York Times (February 23) in which the question of compulsory voting is discussed. We quote a part of it : Ñ Suffrage is both a privilege and a duty, but a man cannot be compelled to vote by statute. To be sure, the bill intro-duced in the as-sembly b y Mr. Francis W. Stod-dard subjecting to a fine a citizen who neglects his duty on election day, is aimed prin-cipally at the apa-thetic, careless, a n d  unpatriotic. But the principle is  false. . . . We cannot increase the public intelligence by summary legis-lation, and to make voting compulsory would not be to in-crease t h e effi-ciency of the bal-lot. For years we have been advo-cating individual liberty, and w e have again a n d again announced the same principle stated b y Judge Cullen, and in almost the same words : " In thOse days [when Judge Cullen was young] liberty was deemed to be the right of the citizen, to act and live as he thought best so long as his conduct did not invade a like right on the part of others." We have also pro-tested against the misdirected efforts of the members of different vocations, the 