38 LIBERTY to the governors of Russia, granting Seventh-day Adventists equal freedom with the Baptists. This was signed by P. Stolypin, of the ministry of the in-terior. But both the Adventists and the Baptists have discovered that this decree amounted to very little, so far as real religious freedom is concerned. At a general meeting of the Northern Baptists in Philadelphia, June 17, a resolution was adopted petitioning the President of the United States to interfere in behalf of their persecuted brethren in Russia. A number of Adventists are languishing in prisons in spite of appeals to the high officials of Russia by that body of Chris-tians. One who has been in close touch with the Orthodox Church has some misgiv-ings as to favorable results from these decrees. He says : Š " It is by no means clear what the czar means by his promise of religious liberty ; it is very doubtful whether it implies any change in the relation of the church and state ; very doubtful whether it will lead to any change in the policy of the govern-ment as to the toleration of foreign mis-sionaries in the empire."Š Rev. George Washburn, D. D., LL. D., Constanti-nople. Baron Waldemar Uxkull, one of Rus-sia's own sons, views the situation thus : Š " It is a sad thing that we can not trust absolutely our government and its promises. The constitutional rights of Finland were confirmed by the emperor, and after some years the government tried to annihilate these rights. . . . I think, too, that many high officials of the state church would gladly welcome the abolition of religious liberty, but they understand that it is impossible to con-trol the consciences of one hundred thou-sand men. They are afraid to produce more trouble, and we have had enough already in Russia. We must remember the verse, ' It is better to take refuge in Jehovah than to put confidence in princes.' " The reason for questioning the sincer-ity of the czar's promises grows out of  the fact that persecution still continues in spite of the manifestoes. The intoler-ant spirit found in thousands of the Or-thodox Church can not be overcome in a few days or months. Conditions Strikingly Illustrated About a year ago a large number of Russian Baptists and a few Jews planned for a picnic in Odessa. They had scarcely arrived at their destination when they were pounced upon by the police, and over two hundred were arrested, and imprisoned for two months. The animus behind this persecution is the same as found throughout the history of the church of God. It was exposed by a Russian periodical. The Zaria u Rodina (For Czar and Fatherland), com-menting upon this incident, stated : Š " Many Jews were arrested who had been invited and summoned by the Bap-tists. A touching union indeed of Stun-dists and Jews ! " The object of both is one and the same : the perversion of true believers and the undermining of the firm ground on which the power of holy Russia stands. It is a new method of under-mining the foundations of the Russian empire, and the champions of freedom are hypocritically using prayer as their instrument in this wicked and abominable deed, in order to deceive the. people and gain adherents. " It is shamefully insulting that the misleading of Russian subjects from the true faith is permitted in holy orthodox Russia. This is not a case for tolerance ; nor is it a case of freedom of conscience and of religion, but it is a case of the pulilic persecution and perversion of Or-thodox Christians." The attitude of the Orthodox Church toward the Bible and its distribution is to be commended. Bibles are carried free of postage anywhere and admitted into Russia without duty. There is hope for the downtrodden of this vast country when, with the advance steps already taken toward freedom of worship and propaganda, the Word of God, which teaches the only true liberty, can be se-cured by all. 