LIBERTY 39 fessed spiritual guides for some recon-struction of creed that shall touch the emotions as did the old which is now destroyed; or, as Wilfrid Ward has put it, for something that shall keep " a truly spiritual ideal of life . . . untainted by the maxims of an unbelieving genera-tion," and shall help " the affections and the imagination against an importunately visible world." There are, we grant, men of stoic tem-per with whom such considerations weigh little. They will pursue their way steadfast and unterrified, though the earth rock beneath their feet. Few of us, however, are made of such stern stuff. For the rank and file of humanity it is not exhilarating to reflect that the night is behind and before us; that our tiny globe is but one of a million spin-ning through the unfathomable gulfs of the universe; that we ourselves are but microscopic specks crawling for a little while in the dim and fleeting light ; and that our consolation and our bulwark have been a few silly fables of our own feeble invention. . . . A cold, relentless, impersonal power, even though it make for righteousness, is not the same thing as a Father that pitieth his children. For the jubilant lines,Š " Jesus lives ! No longer now Can thy terrors, Death, appal us ; Jesus lives ! by this we know Thou, 0 Grave, canst not enthral us, Alleluia! " we have the lament : Š " Now he is dead ! Far hence he lies In the lorn Syrian town ; And on his grave, with shining eyes, The Syrian stars look down." What, then, does science say to those who long to feel that the eternal God is their refuge, and that underneath are the everlasting arms? The difficulty is staggering, but the duty of the leaders of Christianity is none the less imperative. They can not much longer postpone the task of ad-dressing themselves to it with energy.  For at present most of the churches seem to be drifting without chart, compass, or pilot. We hear on every side the com-plaint that men of character and capac-ity will not enter the ministry, but there was never a time when character and capacity were more needed for this great business of readjusting ancient beliefs to modern knowledge. No ecclesiastical organization can retain its vitality or can serve mankind unless it can lift them above their trials, and fortify them against temptation ; for what shall it profit us to turn from the doubts and hesitancies of our daily toil to the pro-founder doubts and more disquieting hesitancies of a stumbling, groping church, uncertain whence it came and whither it goes ? " Thou art the true peace of the heart," cried the author of the " Imitatio," " thou art its only rest; out of thee all things are full of trouble and unrest. In this peace that is in thee, the one chiefest eternal Good, I will lay me down and sleep." But for the higher critics and their confused disciples of to-day the promise of a peace which passet'h all understanding is nothing more than an empty echo from the age of faith.Š The Nation, Dec. 24, 1908. Reason and Faith GEORGE MC CREADY PRICE PROTESTANTISM is dying. Within a generation we have watched her sicken and decline, have watched the hectic flush o'erspread her cheek, until now the very convulsions of death seem to be racking her frame. Though every in-ducement in the way of entertainments, social brilliance, and intellectual culture is pressed into service, the world still allures her children, and the scientific skepticism of the day makes sport of the doctrines she used to teach, till the rising generation is ashamed of the great truths for which the Reformers gave their lives. Those who are not beguiled in this way are duped into following some of the many religious fakes arising like mushrooms on every side, or per- 