A grief History of Sunday Legislation Such Legislation Demonstrates Itself a Menace to the State, .lo the Church, and to the Individual R. C. PORTER IN beginning a study of the history of Sunday laws, it is proper to inquire what is embraced in Sunday legislation. The first Sunday law recorded in history is the edict of Constantine, A. D. 321 : Š Constantine's Sunday Law " Let all the judges and townspeople and the occupation of all trades rest on the venerable day of the sun: but let those who are situated in the country, freely and at full liberty attend to the business of agriculture ; because it so often happens that no other day is so fit for sowing corn or planting vines ; lest, the critical moment being let slip, men should lose the commodities granted them of Heaven." Of this law the Encyclopedia Britan-nica, article " Sunday," says : Š " It was Constantine the Great who first made a law for the proper observ-ance of Sunday; and who, according to Eusebius, appointed it should be regu-larly celebrated throughout the Roman empire." It is plain that this Sunday law was a religious law. It was enacted that the people might rest on the venerable day of the sun. Looking back upon the history of the past from our time, no one will question but that the intent of Constan-tine was to honor the day of the sun as an act of religious veneration. How did the people of that time talk regarding it ? Dr. Hesse, in his " Bampton Lectures," pages 6o-64, says: " He [Constantine] had an empire of strangely jarring ele-ments which required to be consolidated. The best bond of union was obviously-agreement in religion. Accordingly, he may have had in view the formation of a hybrid creed, which should embrace the common points, and carefully sup-press the differences of heathenism and Christianity." " His enactment, then, though a political and a politic one, was not Sabbatarian, nor an advance toward 16 ( zo66) Sabbatarianism. . . . Eusebius well de-scribes his policy. It was to effect the turning of mankind to God by gentle means, and any more decided declara-tion would have defeated that policy." We find here precisely the same theory advanced that now obtains with reference to the object of obtaining the passage of Sunday laws. Not only Dr. Hesse, but the historian Milman declares that the passage of this Sunday edict was purely religious legislation. Milman informs us that Constantine held two titles, one rep-resenting his civil, and one his ecclesias-tical authority. Emperor was his civil title, and Pontif ex Maximus was his re-ligious title. Milman also says it was by virtue of his religious title that the Sun-day law of A. D. 321 was enacted. Sunday Legislation Religious We may therefore safely conclude that from their very inception, Sunday laws were religious statutes, and not merely civil ones. In the light of what such legislation brought upon the state in the days of Rome, we can see what it would now bring. In the fourth century, many thought such legislation very harmless. But the Sunday law enacted by Constan-tine was only the first step in a series of acts of parliament that logically followed. The next legislative step was closing the theaters and prohibiting games on Sun-day. Then followed an edict suppressing heretical doctrines, and enjoining attend-ance at worship in the Catholic church. From Eusebius's " Life of Constantine," pages 175, 176, I quote:Š "Forasmuch, then, as it is no longer possible to bear with your pernicious er-rors, we give warning by this present statute that none of you henceforth presume to assemble yourselves together. We have directed accordingly that you be deprived of all the houses in which you are accustomed to hold your assem-blies ; and our care in this respect ex- 