LIBERTY  63 on Sunday depends not upon religious views, . . . and our statute . . . does not invalidate a contract. . . . As was said in State vs. Rickett's, supra, ' What religion and morality permit or forbid to be done on Sunday is not within our province to decide.'Ñ North Carolina Reports, Vol. CXXXIV, pages 508-515." The last statement of the court is very significant, and if the legislatures and the courts would consider that whatever " re-ligion " forbids to be done on Sunday is not within their province to decide, or regulate, then there could be no such thing possible as special legislation on the part of the State to regulate man's conduct on Sunday differently than on the other days of the week. Since Sun- day was set apart as a holy day by the Roman Catholic Church at the Council of Laodicea in 364 A. D., the churches were the promoters and sponsors of every Sunday law enacted for a period of over fifteen hundred years ; and the things that were then " forbidden " by the churches as not being proper conduct on Sunday, were based on religious concepts and precepts. For the State legislatures and courts to " forbid " the same things which religion forbids to be clone on Sun-day, in the name of a police regulation for the benefit of the public welfare, is simply exchanging " names " and " terms " without changing the character of such legislation. It is still religious leg-islation enforced as a police regulation. tV !V 01 Religion in Public Schools W. F. MARTIN THE question of teaching the Christian religion in the public schools is one that is at present agitating the public mind. This is a period of time when the study of the Scriptures is seriously neglected. Many of the youth are growing to man-hood and womanhood without a knowl-edge of the Sacred Writings. In many homes where the family altar once was erected and the Bible read daily, the voice of prayer is now hushed, and God's Holy Word is not reverenced nor studied. Some, knowing this to be true, hope to supply a remedy by having the state come to the rescue. It is purposed to have re-ligion taught in the public schools. The desire is for more than the simple reading of the Bible. The teacher is to give in-struction in the principles of Christianity. From the standpoint of a true Amer-ican, there are serious and grave objec-tions to this proposed plan. The pub-lic schools are purely secular. They are designed to train citizens for the govern-ment, and not Christians for the kingdom of heaven. This brings us to this ques-tion : Can a man be a good citizen with-out being a Christian? The answer is obvious. Good citizenship is not depend- ent upon the acceptance of the Christian religion. One may make no profession of religion and still be a good citizen of the state. If a profession of religion were to be made a test of good citizen-ship, this would encourage a spirit of hypocrisy. It would not make a single Christian, but would encourage a pro-fession of Christianity. One who pro-fesses to be a Christian but who is not such at heart, is a hypocrite. The mak-ing of hypocrites is all that has ever been accomplished by religious legislation. All the religious laws that have ever been enacted have never made one single Christian. More than this, they have never helped the cause of Christianity one whit. True religion needs no help from the state for the furtherance of its aims. Its innate goodness is sufficient to carry it to victory. Civil laws favoring Christianity have ever been a hindrance rather than a help in forwarding the gospel. A perfunctory teaching of Christianity is not at all calculated to instill into the minds of the students respect for its prin-ciples. One has well said, " What we have most to fear in the religious ob- 