124  LIBERTY which are Ciesar's, by paying taxes to that government under which they lived, and by yielding ready obedience to all laws and customs which did not come in conflict with the higher law of the king-dom, the rights of conscience, they uni-versally regarded these laws as extrane-ous to their own organization, foreign statutes imposed upon them from with-out; and, being solicitous to render unto God the things which are God's, they steadily abstained from any participation in the affairs of government, and quietly assumed the right to judge for themselves whether any law, regulation, or custom prescribed by the sovereign power, or other human authority, was or was not such as they might conscientiously obey. . . . They obeyed all laws alike, except such as conflicted with conscience, and these they refused to obey in the very face of persecutions, torture, and death. But this fearless assertion of the rights of conscience necessarily involved the right to sit in judgment upon all human laws and the powers that ordained them, and to determine for themselves whether the law was lawful. That helpless spirit of blind obedience to the decrees of des-potic governments which characterized the pagan peoples was, therefore, impos-sible to the Christians. In the very teeth of universally established law and cus-tom, they steadily refused to bear arms, to own slaves, to seek any legal redress in civil courts, to follow the law of their domicile in regard to the ownership of property or the succession to estates of the deceased, just as they refused to sac-rifice to the gods, or to call any man master. . . . The logical tendency of Christianity was, therefore, to originate the idea of personal liberty for all men, unknown to the world before ; to repudiate the heathen doctrine of the divine character and right of kings; to sit in judgment upon their laws, and to intelligently obey, or refuse to obey them; in a word, to cul-tivate and exercise, as a matter of reli-gious faith, that spirit of personal in- dependence, both of action and of thought, which we in later times dom-inate democracy, the concrete form of which [in the apostolic church] was the election of deacons, presbyters, and bishops by the people unto whom they ministered.Ñ " Arius the Libyan," by Nathan Chapman Couns, A. M., pp. 96-98. Ordination Balls and Banquets AREADER has written us con-cerning a short article which we printed some months ago under the heading, " Some Interesting History Recalled." The article consisted chiefly of a quotation from a book written some years ago by Mrs. Morse Earle, the title of which is, " The Sabbath in Puritan New England." In this quotation Mrs. Earle tells of " ordination balls " and " ordination banquets." Our correspondent, who describes her-self as " a thoroughbred " of the " old Puritan stock," says that the Puritans did not dance, and that the balls de-scribed by Mrs. Earle were held by the Church of England people, who were wont to have " all social phases of life carried on with church life." We are not prepared to say that our correspond-ent is mistaken so far as the balls were concerned. But as for the banquets, when intoxicating liquors were some-times consumed rather too freely, we think there was in them nothing out of keeping with Puritan faith and practice. The Puritans, while strict Sunday keep-ers, were not total abstainers. It is not hard, to believe that in the 17th century intoxicating liquors were strongly in evidence at New England ordination banquets, and that even staid clergymen sometimes became actually in-toxicated on these occasions. It may be, however, that the Puritans did not them-selves dance, nor even countenance danc-ing. We are willing to give them the benefit of the doubt as to the dancing. C. P. B. 