10 LIBERTY ordinance of the church, an important one. Shall we not have a law making participation in the ordinance of the Lord's supper compulsory? Then there is the financial support of the Lord's work Š a most important matter; and the Lord has himself provided a system for it, the tithing system. Shall we not make that compulsory also by state law ? Why not ? It is more essential than the keeping of Sunday; for there is a divine command for tithing, and none for Sun-day-keeping. If one religious ordinance or ceremony or custom or observance is to be enforced by statute law, there is no consistent or logical stopping-place until all the ordi-nances and ceremonies and customs of the church are thus enforced. Are the people ready for this? If they are not, they should not begin the program by making Sunday laws. The majority of the people will declare to-day that they do not believe in com-pulsory church support Š that it is a re-ligious affair and belongs to the mem-bership of the churches Š an individual matter. They will make the same dec-laration in reference to the Lord's sup-per and baptism, acceptance of Christ, etc. ; and they will be right ; for these things are not the business of the state. And neither is the enactment of a Sun-day law the business of the state; for it, also, is a religious matter, an institution of the church. Let it go with the rest, and stand where they stand. Sunday is a religious institution; but if it has not sufficient intrinsic worth to enable it to stand without the prop of human law, it does not deserve to stand; it ought to fall. Especially has the world no use for such an institution if with that institution we are going to open the gate for a flood of religious legislation in this country. Religious legislation means, and al-ways will mean, religious persecution, and there is a united effort in this land  just now to introduce an epoch of relig-ious legislation. Sunday laws are every-where the first guns fired in this un-dertaking. It is easier to see religious persecution in Sunday legislation than to see the oak in the acorn, or the crocodile in the egg; and if we would prevent the bitter work of that monster of oppres-sion, we should attack it where the ich-neumon attacks the crocodile,Š in the egg. The Sunday law is the egg. c. m. s. A Historical Sketch of Sunday Legislation in California THE history of Sunday legislation in California is a most interesting one. For six years after becoming a State, Cali-fornia got along without a Sunday law. In 1855 the first law of this character in the State was enacted, a law prohib-iting " all barbarous and noisy amuse-ments on the Christian sabbath." In 1858 another law was enacted, entitled, " An act to provide for the better ob-servance of the sabbath." This forbade keeping open any store, workshop, or business house, and the sale of all goods, on " the Christian sabbath," under a pen-alty of fifty dollars, or, in default, im-prisonment not to exceed one day for each two dollars' fine and costs. Law of 1858 Declared Unconstitutional The same year, a case, that of ex parte Newman, an Israelite engaged in the business of selling clothing at Sacra-mento, was carried to the Supreme Court of the State under this law, the court declaring the law in violation of sections one and four of the State Bill of Rights, and therefore unconstitutional. Justice Stephen J. Field, one of the three members of the court, and later a member of the Supreme Court of the United States, wrote a lengthy dissenting opinion to this decision, in which he up-held Sunday laws, upon the ground that 