LIBERTY 101 THE greatest tormentor of the soul is a guilty conscience. PI MI NI THE Spirit of God is heaven's X-ray for sin, and the Lamb of God taketh away sin. Pi IR PI No man ever yet favored a religious law for himself; he wants it to coerce his neighbor. A IM Tin person who is ashamed of his religion, and is afraid to stand by it at all costs, has none. 114 11/4  JESUS took the part of " the underdog," the " gutter children," " the outcasts of Israel," and " the common people." A DIVINE institution does not need a civil law to sustain it or add force to it. God is capable of maintaining his own needs. He needs no help from Conan A Ina So long as individual human nature is un-changed, the world at large will not be changed. No human devisings can change the world as long as the heart of man remains unchanged. A In A THE soul that does not seek after light and truth is not of God, for God is light and truth, and he implants in the heart of all men the spirit of inquiry that will lead into truth him who seeks it. A GENUINE Christianity needs no help from Caesar. Christian truth needs no civil defender. Whenever the state seeks to advance Christian-ity by its secular arms, it only hinders its prog-ress in the world. The state cannot set up a national church and be fair and impartial to its citizens of divergent faiths. The first rightŁ of every citizen under any government but a des-potism is equality of privilege under equitable laws. When the state adopts a certain sect and creed as its standard and embodiment of religion, it immediately puts a discount upon all other sects and denominates their followers as nonconformists and dissenters, and not in-frequently brands them as heretics. And yet as a matter of fact the nonconformist and dis-senter may often be a better and truer Chris-tian in doctrine and conduct than is the member of the established church. A legal religion and a state-endowed church do not make for Christian unity. Faith, love, and liberty are the triple links that unite all hearts in the bonds of true fellowship and unity in Christ. Brotherly love and equality of priv-ilege in Christ is the only basis of Christian unity, and is antecedent to, and independent of, all questions of ecclesiastical organization and religio-political establishments. He who thinks of himself as favored above all other disciples of Christ, and looks upon his fellow disciple as a renegade because he holds a divergent faith, needs to acquaint himself with the first princi-ples of the doctrine of Christ. Every man who seems to be genuine in his sincerity of worship and reverence toward my God and Saviour, I am bound to respect and love as a brother on an equal footing with myself. We may differ widely on points of doctrine; he may belong to a sect in which I could not conscientiously hold membership; yet if the sincere motive of his heart is to know the will of God, and to love and obey my Lord, I am compelled to regard him as my brother, and my equal, unless his life belies his profession. All the Lord's disci-ples, wherever found, and of whatever sect, or race or nationality, I must regard as brethren. The basis of real Christian unity and fellow-ship is not found in external religio-political organizations but in individual union with Christ. Christ did not found his church upon the state. He first chose individual disciples and commanded them as individuals to follow him. He did not subsequently say unto them: Tarry ye in Jerusalem until ye be endued with power from beneath (earthly power), but, Tarry "un-til ye be endued with power from on high." He did not say unto them: Ye shall receive power after that the state unites with you and incorporates all my teaching and doctrines into civil law, but, " Ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you." That power and that alone is all the church needs today. c. s. L. THE Christian martyrs did some clear and in-dependent thinking when they refused to sur-render their freedom of conscience and thought as they faced lions in the amphitheater, flames at the stake, and agony on the rack. A SOME look upon religion as a bitter pill to be swallowed in order to obtain " salvation; " some use their religion as a cloak in order to hide their meanness; some take religion as an antidote against the troubles of life; some ac-cept religion through fear, as a substitute for hell; some embrace religion- as an heirloom handed down from one generation to another; some join the church because it is fashionable; and a great many through sheer force of habit; but there are few who embrace religion because they love the truth and God and because they desire to know the height and length and breadth of the love, the knowledge, and the power of Christ. 