72 LIBERTY store porches on Sunday. Shortly after its incorporation, an ordinance was adopted by the town council, forbidding the practice under penalty of a fine. It is questionable if under the consti-tution and laws of Virginia this munici- George Meson pal ordinance is valid; but it was under such a local regulation that a constable, who was also town marshal, or bailiff, sought to arrest young Parks, who, in common with some others, regarded the ordinance as an unwarranted invasion of his personal rights. As the facts were gleaned from eye-witnesses by Gertrude Leimbach, staff correspondent of the Baltimore Sun, the shooting seems to have occurred in this way: " Young Parks was shot Sunday, April 11, resisting arrest at the hands of the constable. Connorton [the constable] it is said, pressed the muzzle of his revolver against the abdomen of the boy, and shot, while his white-haired mother stood in the doorway wringing her hands and screaming, Don't shoot my darling boy.' " Yes, I'm going to shoot him. I'm going to kill him, Connorton is alleged to have an- swered, as he pulled the trigger. The bullet passed through the abdomen and came out of the back, between the second and third ribs. Hurried by motor boat twelve miles across the Tangier Sound and Crisfield River, Parks was placed in the General and Marine Hospital, where only the heroic efforts of the hospital physicians, it is said, saved him from death." The mayor of the town, who is said to defend the shooting, stated to the Sun's correspondent that it was very necessary to be firm with the " bad " people who did not go to church on Sunday. He denied, however, that the purpose of the ordinance was to make them go to church. But " there were ' right smart' [quite a number of] young people coming into the church lately, he [the mayor ] said, and he thought the law undoubtedly helped to bring them in." " It was at this point," says Miss Leimbach, " that Constable Connor-ton explained that he had to be very firm with the people who didn't go to church, because they were very " rough." May 4, the enterprising Wash-ington Herald featured the story of the shooting by " Views and Principals in Tangier Island, Va., Where ' Blue ' Law Caused Shooting of Boy," which we re-produce on pages 80 and 81. May 5 the Herald had a story of a motion picture man who was mobbed on Tangier Island when he attempted to se-cure a series of pictures illustrating the tragedy. In this connection the Herald's correspondent states briefly that " the operator had gone to the Virginia coast settlement to take pictures of the prin-cipals in the shooting of Roland Parks . . . when he failed to attend church, in compliance with the town's peculiar ' blue laws.' " The story of the mobbing of the mo-tion picture man, as printed in the Her-ald, concludes as follows : " Public sentiment had been stirred against recent publicity of the town's singular customs. " The Rev. W. F. Godwin, who ministers to the flock of churchgoers who retain the visions of Pilgrim forefathers, and stop little short of the pillory in punishing violation of religious 