LIBERTY 15 This word is ' mores,' and by it he means popular usage and tradition exerting a dominating influence on individuals. The `mores,' he teaches, cover all the habits of society with the ' mantle of current custom, and give them regulation and limits within which they become unques-tionable.' He thus takes the daring ground that anything tolerated by the world in general is right." Some people will see in the scholastic repudiation of former gospels and dog-mas the surrender of their dearest hopes. The founders of this country main-tained that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, and upon this foundation they built their political structure. They recognized, in theory at least, that all men were created equal, and that it was the duty of govern-ments to protect the people in the enjoy-ment of their rights. A written Consti-tution was therefore adopted, defining and limiting governmental powers, and retaining to the people all powers not specifically delegated to their represen-tatives. In such an atmosphere as this, political liberty has flourished, and the oppressed of other countries have found a refuge in this land. Present-day teachers, however, are maintaining that changed conditions make it necessary to cast off, like a worn-out garment, the doctrines of those teach-ers of liberty and equality, and they ex-press their views in very clear language, as the following quotation from another article by Mr. Bolce in the June number of the Cosmopolitan will show : Š Eminent college men Š among them Pres. Woodrow Wilson, of Princeton ; Prof. Barrett Wendell, of Harvard; and Prof. William Graham Sumner, of Yale Š hold that the doctrines of the founders of this republic have long since served their day, and should no longer be ap-plied to the needs of the present. . . . Professor Sumner has little respect for the " great principles " of 1776. They  were invented, he teaches, because some new classes had won wealth and economic power, and wanted to secure political recognition. He asserts fearlessly, and other professors, in other institutions support him, that what we have been ac-customed to regard as lofty teachings, de-veloped in that day, are nothing but high-sounding rodomontade ; and he does not conceal his delight over the fact, as he proclaims it, that some of the old jingle of words is dead. Conspicuous among these rhetorical delusions of colonial times is the doctrine that proclaims that governments get their just powers from the consent of the governed. Professor Sumner teaches that this doctrine is un-true, that it has been trodden underfoot, and that the same fate awaits the rest of the principles which, seen through the mists of the Revolutionary War, have seemed great to us. There is a scholastic refusal to worship the past. A number of professors agree that the Declaration of Independence is a dead document, and that the fading of the original in a safe at Washington symbolizes what should be the end of this mass of glittering generalities. Contend-ing that the principles of 1776 are absurd, Professor Sumner declares that men are no more equal than they are of one size. " The doctrine," he says, " that all men are equal," is being gradually dropped from-its inherent absurdity, and we may at any time find it expedient to drop the jingle about "a government of the peo-ple, by the people, and for the people." The present generation has witnessed many changes, but none of them are perhaps any more striking than this em- phatic repudiation of those principles of Protestantism and Republicanism which for a century were the strength of this nation, and it is a forcible testimony to the correctness of the interpretation of the prophecy found in the thirteenth chapter of Revelation, as taught by the Seventh-day Adventists for over fifty years. This clear fulfilment of prophecy as outlined in their teaching furnishes a good ground of confidence that other in-terpretations maintained by them are worthy of confidence. 