44 LIBERTY to multiply murders, suicides, divorces, poverty, suffering, and crime. There will be an increasing number of mothers weeping over lost sons and daughters. Many more young wives will sink into untimely graves as their brightest hopes go down in the writhing sea of intemper-ance. All this and much more we must expect as long as the liquor traffic ex-ists ; for the traffic besieges every home, and conquers many. Its path has always been strewn with victims. Knowing this to be true, the friend of our American homes must be a foe to the liquor traffic, and surely must they also who profess to be followers  of Him who lived to bless others. If we are indifferent, our very indifference will help the liquor traffic. While the limp arm of justice is suffering this de-stroyer of homes to stalk through the land, what are we doing to oppose its progress? In behalf of suffering hu-manity, and especially in behalf of the youth of our land, let us place our lives between the liquor traffic and the Amer-ican homes, and let us heed no weariness until our Heavenly Father shall destroy sin in all its forms, and establish the home where changes and sorrows never come. Washington, D. C. An Important Temperance Convention THE fourteenth national convention of the Anti-Saloon League of America was held in Washington, December 11-14. Excellent addresses were delivered by Hon. John G. Woolley, Congressman Richmond P. Hobson, of Alabama, Sen-ator Geo. F. Cotterill, of Washington, Judge A. Z. Blair, of Portsmouth, Ohio, and others. The spirit of the convention seemed to hold as fundamentally impor-tant the points that (a) it is first neces-sary to obtain a vision, so to speak, of the conditions resulting from the manufac-ture and sale of alcohol, to be followed by (b) a stirring program of education, and (c) the commitment of the boys of our country in particular, by pledge, to abstinence from intoxicating liquor. It was held that the universal abolition of the liquor traffic rests upon two prin-ciples : moral suasion and legal suasion. Did space permit, it would be interesting to refer to all the speOches made upon this important subject. We will, how= ever, refer to,two of the speeches. Em-phasizing the fact that the nation's life itself is at stake in the liquor habit, Con-gressman Hobson said :Š " The menace of this destroyer extends yet farther, to the very life of the na- tion itself. In the rural life of the coun-try, the people do not have the poison  continually in their path, so in spite of unusual hardship the great law of evolu-tion and progress causes numbers to in-crease and each generation to be higher than the previous. Thus it is that the great empires and enduring civilizations of history were all built upon rural life. A time comes, however, in the life of each nation when its citizens, having ac-cumulated wealth, gather into cities to enjoy it. There the great destroyer does his deadly work. . . . "It is not a day too soon to grapple with this foe. We have reached the begin-ning of the second stage of American life. When degeneracy has gone much farther, it will be too late. At the pres-ent rate it will not be long before abnormals and degenerates will swamp ourŁ cities and overrun our States. Na-ture will not tolerate a race of degener- ates. A backward and usually a de- spised race, but undegenerate, is found ready to give the coup de grace. When Persia degenerated, Greece was on hand to strike. When Greece degenerated, Rome was ready. When Rome degener-ated, Gaul was ready. "If America degenerates, the yellow man will be on hand. Some may make light of the yellow man; so did Romans make light of the ' barbarians.' The 