LIBERTY TRUTH and justice stand the test of time. No falsehoods can stem the reve-lations of time, and no inhumanity can outwit the justice of God. Time and God will finally settle all problems in harmony with the fundamental princi-ples that control the universe. THE church has holy days and the state has holidays. The civil authorities do not compel its citizens to observe its hol-idays under penalty; why should they compel all citizens or any citizen to ob-serve the holy days of the church under penalty? A failure to recognize this distinction between holy days and holi-days has resulted in much persecution in the past. GOD wrote the ten commandments on two tables of stone. The first table prescribes the individual's duty toward God, and the second defines the indi-vidual's duty toward other individuals. Therefore the state ought not to enforce the first four commandments of the dec-alogue, as they regulate a man's duty to-ward God and are strictly religious ob-ligations. SV Sunday Enforcement in Baltimore WITH one hundred and six persons arrested and hundreds more arrests promised by the authorities for violation of the Sunday " blue laws," the city is seething with indignation tonight. Rep-resentative men in all sections of the city are unanimous in their condemnation of the way the public was treated. The police, acting in accordance with the request of the grand jury, enforced the antiquated statutes without fear or favor. Citizens were arrested for selling everything from pickles to cigars. Many indignant citizens practically invited ar-rest, so as to put the law to a test. These included autoists and motor service sta-tion owners, who were forbidden to traffic in gasoline. Ice Cream Truck Drivers Held Jacob and Benjamin Krissle, store-keepers at 139 Aisquith St., were ar-rested and held for a preliminary hear-ing on a charge of " selling pickles and chewing gum." Fifteen drivers of ice cream trucks, representing every ice cream manufacturing \ company in the city, were arrested, charged with work-ing on Sunday. Policemen did not hesitate to ap-proach a man who was smoking a cigar, and question him as to how he came into its possession. If a satisfactory answer was not given, the man's arrest followed. Regarded as the " Last Straw " Already restive under prolonged war restrictions and suffering from a sugar famine, Baltimore felt that the enforce-ment of the long obsolete " blue laws " was the last straw. Policemen enforcing the law met bit-ter rebukes from all sides, and on a few occasions by persons who felt ready to strike a physical blow in defense of per-sonal liberty. Š The Washington Post, Dec. 1, 1919. DECEMBER 4 to 11 there was held in this city a convention of ministers, bish-ops, and laymen, representing " prac-tically every branch of Protestant activ-ity," the purpose of the meeting being to " urge upon Congress the enactment of a rigid Sunday law for the national capital, closing every motion picture show and all other places of amusement in the District of Columbia on Sunday." This convention was held under the auspices of the National Lord's Day Al-liance, its secretary, Rev. Dr. H. S. Bowlby, presiding. Rev. Dr. Newell Dwight Hillis, pastor of Plymouth Church, Brooklyn, made the opening address. The convention was held too close to our time of going to press with this number of LIBERTY to admit of any fur-ther report in this issue. We will deal with the convention and its work next quarter. 