10 LIBERTY regard for human rights and civil law. It is not difficult for one to forecast the decision that would be rendered by a judge controlled by the foregoing prin-ciples, when a conscientious Christian happened to be arraigned before him for violation of a Sunday law. Persecution of those who regard another day than Sunday as the Sabbath is certain where such sentiments prevail among leading jurists and churchmen. K. C. R. The Intolerant Spirit Rising THE Sunday laws in the following twenty-four States of the United States contain clauses exempting observers of the seventh day, or of " some other day than Sunday," from some or all of their provisions : Š Arkansas, Connecticut, Illinois, Indi-ana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, New Jersey, New York, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Texas, Virginia, West Virginia, and Wisconsin. But the demand 'now is for Sunday laws without such exemptions. In this is shown the intolerant spirit that is ri-sing. No Sunday law, means religious liberty. A Sunday law with an exemp-tion, means religious toleration. A Sun-day law with no such exemption, means intolerance. The recently enacted Canadian Sunday law contains no exemption for seventh-day observers. Shortly before this act was passed by the Dominion Parliament, the London Methodist Conference of Canada, on the night of June 5, 1906, passed the following resolution, which was at once sent by telegraph to Ottawa, to be presented to the government : Š London Conference of Methodist Church of Canada, consisting of five hundred electors, representing two hun-dred thousand Methodists, most emphat-ically protests against any Jewish or  Seventh-day Adventist exemptions from the restrictive clauses of the Lord's day bill. As a result, the proposed exemption clause was defeated a few days later, June 27, 1906, and none of the drastic features of the measure were eliminated from it. In a report of the work done the past year by the Federation of Sunday Rest Associations of the United States, pub-lished in the Literary Digest of Oct. 3, 1908, appeared the following striking announcement : Š Among other things attempted was to secure a Sunday law for the District of Columbia, which would prohibit un-necessary business, such as the selling of candies, cigars, etc., as well as labor, and that no exception be made on account of religion. This last expression shows plainly the intolerant spirit that is wrapped up in this whole Sunday-law movement, and is but a prophecy of what may be ex-pected when its promoters secure from governments what they wish,Š laws by which to dictate to men in matters of re- ligion, and power to coerce the con-science. The fact that an exemption for observers of another day than Sunday appears in the third District Sunday bill introduced by Senator Johnston at the last session of Congress is not due, there-fore, to the Federation of Sunday Rest Associations of America, but rather to humanitarian feelings and to generous impulses on the part of the senators themselves. These laws may be demanded as hu-manitarian measures, and defended as mere police regulations and civil enact-ments; but after all is said and done, they are religious, and contain the deadly evil of a union of church and state. The seer of Patmos faithfully pictured the scene when he said : " And I beheld an-other beast coming up out of the earth; and he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon." 