0:L74), Religion and Science A Fatal Weakness in the Argu-ment for Evolution W. W. PRESCOTT THE recent centenary of the birth of Charles Darwin, the eminent scientist, has been made the occasion of a gen-eral discussion concerning his teaching and its effect upon current theological belief. During the half-century since the publication of " The Origin of Species," a change, which is practically equiva-lent to a revolution, has taken place in the theological world. That the Dar-winian hypotheses have been largely responsible for this abandonment of former teachings is the opinion of the Nation, whose editorial we quote : Š " The indirect, subtle, and almost un-perceived effects of Darwin's teachings are more remarkable than his direct achievements. He wrote very little, ex-plicitly, about theology, yet he modified it from skin to heart. Charles Darwin never figured as a polemic, but his doc-trine has, to many a man, been like a sword, piercing to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit. Old beliefs van-ished, not because Darwin attacked them, but because they could not live in the mental atmosphere which he created." The same estimate of Darwin's in-fluence over the religious beliefs of men is made by the Outlook in a recent edi-torial, in which it declares : Š " Darwinism has revolutionized not merely biology, but all the sciences, in- cluding theology, which is the science of religion. Traditionalism is not dead, but it is decadent; it no longer dom-inates the thought of the church. The new conception of life which he gave to the world has entered the Protestant churches, where it is known as the New Theology, and the Roman Catholic Church, where it is known as Modern-ism." While the many are eulogizing Dar-win, and are renewing their expressions of acceptance of his teachings, some have the insight of mind and the cour-age which lead them to express dissent from the claims of evolution, and to point out that this theory is as yet un-proved, and that it rests upon an as- sumption which really begs the question. Thus the London Times, in its discus-sion of the subject, declares that the great difficulty with Darwin's theory is the failure to show the evolution of the living from the non-living. The inabil-ity to bridge this gap and to explain in any way this remarkable step in de-velopment, constitutes a fatal weakness in the whole argument of evolution. To quote: Š " This abrupt interference with con-tinuity is very generally ignored. It is conveniently assumed that we can pro-ceed with 'our speculations about the evolution of species without regard to the origin of life. Yet a little reflec-tion will show this notion to be unten-able. For if life was once brought into being by a special act of creation, cadit questio, we have no grounds for limit-ing such an act to the creation of one very low form of life, to be afterward developed by excessively tedious proc-esses. If, on the other hand, matter contains within itself properties or forces which, in certain conditions, can produce life, it is highly unreasonable to suppose that these conditions existed only once, at one particular time and place, and that the result was only one simple living form. We must, on the contrary, suppose that life was evolved over a wide area, and in many forms corresponding more or less to the great differences we know to exist. between different forms of non-living matter. " It must be obvious, therefore, that we are upon very unsafe ground when we speculate upon the manner in which 