114  LIBERTY they succeeded, and we very properly honor them as patriots. In his book, " Moral Science," pub-lished in 1892, President Fairchild, of Oberlin College, said : " Conscientious men are not the enemies, but the friends, of any government but a tyranny. They are its strength, and not its weakness. Daniel, in Babylon, praying contrary to the law, was the true friend and supporter of the government; while those who, in their pretended zeal for the law and the constitution, would strike down the good man, were its real enemies.  It is only when government transcends its sphere, that it comes in conflict with the con-sciences of men." The proposed law is un-American, first, because it invades the realm of con-science; and second, because the princi-ple involved would have prevented the American Revolution, and would even now turn the world back toward the Dark Ages. We do not believe that the Ameri-can people will indorse such a measure. C. P. B. Fanaticism Versus Christianity By An Attorney AGOOD Christian should follow the dictates of his conscience, and to this no one objects. If he chooses to go to church often and to pray fer-vently, that is his privilege ; by so doing he can bring much good to himself and do no one else any harm, if he will only stop at that ; but if he ceases to be a true Christian and becomes a fanatic, as such he is dangerous to himself and to the world at large. It is this class which today is endangering the liberties of the world, under the same methods and un-der the same tactics as those practised by the fanatics of old who hanged wo-men for witchcraft, and murdered one another because they differed in religious opinions. It required ages to bring woman to a political and domestic equality with man ; yet we find woman today doing her best to deprive herself of that privilege, by allowing some man to do her thinking for her and to dictate to her how she shall use her vote Ñ not the man who ages ago was termed " the head of the h o u s e,"Ñ her husband,Ñ but some strange man preaching from a pulpit of advocating a hobby, or some other man who believes that the church should mo-nopolize Sunday and the Sunday-show  business to itself. And herein is where the danger lies. Now that woman has been given the vote in all the several States, what is she going to do with it? Will she exer-cise her own calm, sound judgment in matters upon which it is her privilege to vote, or will she accept the judgment of her preacher ? Will she continue to en-joy the liberties obtained for her by the political man of the past, or will she be deprived of them by the political woman of today ? These are important and serious ques-tions; for not only does woman's liberty depend upon them, but also the liberty of man as well. In other words, are we to enjoy our religious rights as we have en-joyed them in the recent past, or are we, through woman's vote, to return to the fanatical past, when men were compelled under penalty to attend church, and when women were mere chattels in the hands of men, subject to public punish-ment as " scolds," or hanged by the neck for witchcraft? Will the right of fran-chise elevate woman to the plane of man mentally, or will it be used to reintroduce fanaticism into the world, with all its disastrous results ? 