36  LIBERTY On June 26, 1894, W. 13. Capps, an-other member of a Christian denomina-tion, was arrested for doing Sunday la-bor after having rested on the day he believed to be the true Sabbath. He was convicted, and for the " offense " was sentenced to spend 289 days in prison. After spending ninety-seven days in prison, he was released, his fine having been paid by public subscription among non-Christians. All these men were Christians and members of a Christian denomination. They were made offenders because their religion was different from that of their neighbors. No accusation was brought against them save in reference to the law of their God. They chose to obey him in the matter of Sabbath observ-ance; and because they did, other men claiming to be Christians put themselves in the place of Daniel's persecutors, and thrust them behind prison-bars for not being religious in their way. But Tennessee is not the only State that has made Christian men offenders for cause of conscience. We wish it were. Others, too, have forgotten the religious guaranties of their constitu-tions, have forgotten that no religion in this country is supposed to have legal preference over any other, and have fined and imprisoned men for living in har-mony with the law of 'God and with the spirit of the constitutions of both State and nation. From such a record any state or nation ought to recoil in shame. In the State of Tennessee, however, an attempt is being made to revive the persecutions of previous years. Mr. J. S. Rooker, of Hustburg, Tenn., has been indicted by the grand jury for the fearful " crime " of hoeing corn on Sun-day, three miles away from the public road and a mile and a half from any house. The trial of this inoffensive Chris-tian tiller of the soil was set for the third Tuesday in December. There is no charge against Mr. Rooker of disturbing the peace, of rioting, of intemperance, of burglary, of injuring his neighbors. But those who do not wish to be reli-gious in this way are seeking to make a criminal of him because he is not reli-gious in their way. There still stands in the constitution of the great State of Tennessee this guaranty to all her citizens: Ñ That all men have a natural and inde-feasible right to worship Almighty God according to the dictates of their own conscience; that no man can, of right, be compelled to attend, erect, or support any place of worship, or to maintain any minister against his consent; that no hu-man authority can, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience; and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious es-tablishment or mode of worship: The spirit of every clause of the pre-ceding quotation is violated in each and every case of prosecution of Christian Sabbath-keeping men for Sunday labor in the State of Tennessee. The Sunday law itself nullifies that constitutional guaranty; for it does give " preference " to one " mode of worship " over another, and does establish religion to the extent that it establishes that religious custom, the observance of the Sunday sabbath. It is to be hoped that a sense of fair play, of justice, of common brotherhood, and of regard for the constitution of the State itself, will cause the judge, and the jury, and the people to see the iniquity of such prosecutions and to refuse to sanction them.  C. M. S. MARTIN LUTHER: "It is by the Word that we must fight. . . . I am unwilling to employ force against the superstitious or the unbelieving. Let him who believes approach; let him who believes not stand aloof : none ought to .be constrained. Lib-erty is of the essence of faith."ÑD'Au-bigne. 