Contributed Articles A Letter to President Roosevelt [It is not surprising that President Roosevelt's vigorous letter, in which he expressed the belief that Roman Cath-olics would at some time in the future be chosen as presidents of this republic, should awaken a wide-spread interest, and arouse some antagonism. Soon after this letter had been given to the public, a protest was issued in behalf of the Synodical Conference of the Evan-gelical Lutheran Church of America. In this protest attention is called to the well-known teaching of the Roman Cath-olic Church concerning the proper rela-tion between church and state, and the position is taken that the Roman Cath-olic who is loyal to the principles of the papacy could not defend the Constitution of the United States, which requires a separation of church and state. As this letter of the conference to the President deals with questions of vital importance, we republish it entire.Š EDITORS OF LIBERTY.] Hon. Theodore Roosevelt, White House, Washington, D. C. SIR: Convinced of your deep sincerity, and in full agreement with you as to the fundamental principle of the separation of church and state, as enunciated in your letter to Mr. J. C. Martin, mem-bers and pastors of our church, and other churches as well, have been amazed to see the indiscriminate and self-con-tradictory application you make of that principle itself, and this in the stricture made by you on those who might refuse to vote for a Roman Catholic for the highest office in the gift of our people. Of course, it is subversive of the basic principle of a real separation of church and state to permit the religious belief or non-belief of any candidate for pub-lic office to determine the casting of one's vote for or against such candidate, ex-cept when that very religious belief or non-belief antagonizes this principle of  complete separation of church and state, and all those rights and liberties which are included therein and safeguarded thereby. We agree with you, therefore, that those citizens are to be severely criticized who vote against a man merely because he is a Unitarian, a Jew, a Methodist, or any other religionist. But are you not aware of the fact that the Roman Catholic Church has again and again, for centuries back and down to modern times, through its official head and other authorities, denounced as wholly wrong and as things to be tol-erated only so long as they can not be changed, the complete separation of church and state, full religious liberty, freedom of conscience, of speech, and of the press, and that, moreover, it pro-claims its teachings and principles to be unchangeable, and boasts of being scmper idern f Lest we be accused of either misap-prehension or misrepresentation, per-mit us to quote some of the pertinent official declarations of the authorities of the Roman Catholic Church. Pope Boniface VIII, in his famous bull, " Unam Sanctam," declared: Š " In this church and in its power are two swords,Š to wit, a spiritual and a temporal,Š and this we are taught by the words of the gospel. . . . Both, therefore, the spiritual and material swords arc in the power of the church, the latter indeed to be used for the church, the former by the church, the one by the priest, the other by the hands of kings and soldiers, but by the will and sufferance of the priest. It is fit-ting, moreover, that one sword should be under the other, and the temporal au-thority subject to the spiritual power. . . . We, moreover, proclaim, declare, and pronounce that it isŁ altogether nec-essary for salvation for every human being to be subject to the Roman pon-tiff." 