24 LIBERTY by an earthquake, and that without a mo-ment's warning. The fire which followed, completed the work of destruction, bringing to death more than thirty thousand persons. Yet no more devout people lived at that time than those of that doomed city. In-deed, a great portion of those who were destroyed, were at the time worshiping in the numerous churches of the metropolis. Can any one suppose for a moment that the Lord destroyed all those devout worshipers because, perhaps, some portion of the city's inhabitants were not up to the mark morally? What a reckless charge to prefer against One of whom it is affirmed that " he doeth all things well." As a rule, the Portuguese people have ever been Sunday-keepers, and as strict in this respect as any churchgoers of Europe. In the face of this fact, what cause would our Sunday-law advocates assign as the means of Lisbon's overthrow ? Again, the city of Charleston, in South Carolina, was overthrown by an earthquake about twenty years ago, and was almost totally destroyed. Everybody acquainted in that part of the United States knows that the strictest sort of a Sunday law has long stood on the statute-books of the fa-mous Palmetto State. What, then, was the cause of its overthrow? Surely not the lack of a Sunday law. Some other cause must therefore be studied up for its deso-lation. Pennsylvania is the very home of Sunday-law legislation, yet less than two months ago a very noticeable earthquake shock was felt in Berks County of that State. True it was not a regular twister, like the one that twirled about buildings on the Pacific Slope, but what was even that slight tremor for, in the Keystone State, only to remind her people that her Sunday laws are not yet up to the mark of stringency? If this were not so, then why should any one sur-mise that the late disaster came as a retri-bution upon California for her not having a Sunday law? The fact is that between the years 1606 B. c. and 1850 A. D. more than six thousand earthquakes are recorded as having taken place, and as having been distributed all over the world, touching most heavily at those great lines of elevation which divide the oceanic basins, and can not therefore justly be counted as special judgments of  God upon the desecrators of Sunday rest. Lack of space forbids the discussion here of the prophetic significance these earth-quakes bear to the world. The Saviour told his anxious disciples in reply to a ques-tion relative to the end of the world, that along with famine, pestilences, and numer-ous wars, earthquakes would occur in dif-ferent places (Matt. 24: 7), but not a lisp do we hear from his lips that these were to come to any nation or State because it failed to enact a Sunday law. The reason is obvious. In the same chap-ter, the Saviour anticipated the destruc-tion of Jerusalem to occur forty years after his death, in A. D. 70. He pointed out to his disciples the perils of that time, and the necessity of their leaving the city by a cer-tain time to avoid being destroyed. He then added these significant words : " But pray ye that your flight be not in the winter, neither on the Sabbath day." Verse 20. These Jewish disciples knew well enough that the Sabbath day always fell on the seventh, or our Saturday. This is the last recorded instruction the Saviour ever gave regarding the Sabbath. He died, leaving this as his last will and testament on that point. Inasmuch as after the death of a testator, no one can add to, or take from, his last will (Gal. 3: is), Christ's instruc-tion which we have just quoted stands to the end of the Christian dispensation. How, then, could he consistently destroy men for not giving homage to another day, put in the place_ of the one he has com-manded all to observe? The Lord has not yet thus stultified himself, but is infinitely more consistent than many of those who claim to represent his will in the earth. Let us be more careful to follow the Word in our lives, and then we shall not be so desirous to legislate others into our way of thinking. J. 0. CORLISS. What Will Save the Nation ? TEN great sermons have been preached by the apostles,Š sermons that led the way for all the gospel sermons that have come in these later days. The power of God and of the Holy Ghost was with Peter. If that power rested upon the church to-day, we could drive the rum devil from the world.  Human nature has not changed in the last nineteen hundred years. Preach a different 