JAMES MADISON, THE FATHER OF THE AMERICAN CONSTITUTION LIBERTY  57 a topic of legislative discussion and par-ticularly by making his religion the means of abridging the natural and equal rights of all men, in defiance of his own declaration that his kingdom was not of this world. This view of the subject was much enforced by the circumstance that it was espoused by some members who w e r e distin- guished by their reputed piety and Christian zeal. But besides the danger of a direct mixture of religion and civil Govern-ment, there is an evil which ought to be guarded against in the indefi-nite accumula-tion of prop-erty from the capacity  o f holding it in perpetuity b y ecclesiast i c a 1 corporatio n s . The power of a 1 1  corpora- tions, ought to be limited in this respect. The growing wealth ac-quired by them never fails to be a source of abuses. A warning on this subject is emphatically given in the ex-ample of the various charitable establish-ments in Great Britain, the management of which has been lately scrutinized. The excessive wealth of ecclesiastical corpora-tions and the misuse of it in many coun-tries of Europe has long been a topic of complaint. In some of them the church has amassed half, perhaps, the property of the nation. When the re formation took place. an  event promoted if not caused by  that discordant state of things, how enor-mous were the treasures of religious so-cieties and how gross the corruptions en-gendered by them.; so enormous and so gross as to produce in the Cabinets and Councils of the Protestant States a disre-gard of all the pleas of the interested party drawn from the sanctions of the law, and the sacredness of property held i n  religious trust. The his-tory of Eng-land during the period of the Reforma-tion offers a sufficient illus-tration for the present p u r -pose. Are the U. S. duly awake to the tend-ency of t h e precedents they are estab-lishing, in the multiplied in-corporat i ons o f  Religious Congregatio n s with the fac-ulty of acquir-ing and hold-i n g property real as well as personal? Do not many of these acts give this faculty without limit either as to time or as to amount? And must not bodies perpetual in their existence, and which may be always gaining without ever losing, speedily gain more than is useful, and in time more than is safe? Are there not already ex-amples in the U. S. of ecclesiastical wealth equally beyond its object, and the foresight of those who laid the founda-tion of it? In the U. S. there is a trouble motive for fixing limits in this case, be- 