LIBERTY 39 affirm that every germ must have come from some great primal Source and Fount of life.' . . "'Not long since loud stress, shorn and void of mental pressure, was laid upon the homology existing between the lower arm of man and monkey. .This fact is not denied ; but we advance over that position, and note but a slight difference between the hand itself of a monkey and that of a man as revealed on the dissec-ting table ; but in that slight variation lies the whole difference between an or-gan used in climbing trees and plucking fruit, and an organ which is so corre-lated with man's inventive genius that by its aid the earth is weighed and the distance of the sun is measured,' and invested with such artistic skill that un-told millions may be plucked from cheap canvas, cheap paint, plus genius." Between those two hands there is a gulf wider than the seven seas, and be-tween the two brains back of these two hands there is a still wider gulf. Dr. Gwynn illustrates the absurdity of the argument put forth by evolutionists to the effect that the relative volumes of the brains of man and the gorilla prove the relation of the two species. He says : " Professor Huxley observes that some Hindu skulls have but 46 cubic inches of cranial capacity, while the skull of the largest gorilla yet measured contained nearly 35 inches. But the skull of Isaac Newton attained 114 cubic inches, or 68 cubic inches over the Hindu." If the II inches excess of brain in the Hindu over the gorilla measures the distance between an irrational brute and a human being, what can be said of the 68 cubic inches of brain found in the skull of Newton over that found in the cranium of the Hindu? Would not that prove that New- ton was more than six times as far above the Hindu as the Hindu is above the gorilla? If that were true, there would be opportunity for the discovery of sev- eral missing links between the specie to which the Hindu belonged and the specie to which Newton belonged. This ought to demonstrate the impossibility of the  homology argument as a working scien-tific basis to prove the ape the ancestor of man Š to prove evolution. Science itself has recently been whit-tling away at the Darwinian evolutionary hypothesis. Science itself " has swept away the evolutionary postulate of vast time." Darwin, for instance, computed that a period of 306,662,400 years spanned the chasm between the monkey and the man, and this he called a " mere trifle " in the great sweep of geological time. Other equally great scientists have been cutting down that time until a " mere trifle " of Darwin's long period re-mains. The nebular hypothesis of La Place has been discarded by no less an astronomer than Lord John Rosse, who declares the nebulae to be far distant clusters of stars. So, says Dr. Gwynn, " longer telescopes cure one of the nebular hypothesis, as a longer faith will cure one of Darwinian evolution. . . . Is it not more likely that the monkey is a deflection off from man, rather than that man is a deflection off from the monkey? If natural selection be true, then the species should be on the in-crease : and, as the common man actually does ask, Why are we not seeing monkeys becoming men NOW. . . . The Duke of Argyle has said with truth, ' Man, so far as we know, has always been such as man now is,' for no one has ever seen the or-igin of species." It is sometimes not amiss, in order to show the ridiculousness of a proposition, to view it with the humorous eye which its own incongruities provoke. Dr. Gwynn has done this, and we can not resist the temptation to let him speak here. He had been speaking of the He-brew word bara (meaning to create) which is used in the first chapter of Genesis. Now he says : Š " I do not propose to pass from this word bara until we have seen the signifi-cance of the Darwinian conception of the term. A whale is desired. An absolute creation is not necessary to produce it ! ! Far out in this nameless sea of nameless stuff of somewhat, an animated globule 