LIBERTY 3 The Peace Congress and Sunday Legislation K. C. RUSSELL THE promoters of Sunday legislation maintain that without Sunday laws the peace and prosperity of our nation will be imperiled. Those who think that such legislation is in the interests of peace should pause and reflect, and they will find that while there has been an unparalleled increase in the preparation for war during the past quarter of a century, during the  of church and state has been effected, and this is never conducive to peace. We would, therefore, appeal to all lovers of peace, and to those who are laboring so enthusiastically to secure a permanent peace court at The Hague, where all inter-national difficulties may be settled by arbi-tration, to use their influence against Sun-day laws and all other forms of religious legislation, and thus remove one great cause of a growing evil, which has brought and is still bringing, endless trouble and ruin to individuals, communities, towns, cities, States, and nations. CLOSING SESSION OF THE NATIONAL PEACE CONGRESS same time there has also been an unpar-alleled increase in the enactment and en-forcement of Sunday laws. In view of this, it is plainly evident that Sunday legislation is not a remedy for the evils which are causing strife and blood-shed, and should, therefore, be rejected by those who are advocating peace. Numerous illustrations might be given to demonstrate that instead of Sunday laws being in the interest of peace, they are a prolific source of discord, contention, and bitter strife, and frequently have borne the fruits of intoler-ance and persecution. They are the one means, above all others, by which a union The National Arbitration Peace Congress THE accompanying cut gives a platform view of the last meeting of the great Na-tional Arbitration and Peace Congress, which was taken the last day of the Con-gress, Wednesday, P. m., April 17, 1907, in Carnegie Hall, of Greater New York. Those who are standing on the platform are distinguished men and women of this and other nations. William J. Bryan, the chief speaker of the afternoon, stands at the left of the desk. This gathering was considered one of 