LIBERTY 5 used in moderation, and if it pass be-yond the bounds and end of all true lib-erty." " If unbridled license of speech andŁ of writing be granted to all, nothing will S remain sacred and inviolate. . . . Wherefore, this liberty [of teaching] also, in order that it may deserve the name, must be kept within certain lim-its, lest the office of teaching be turned with impunity into an instrument of cor-ruption." " From what has been said, it follows that it is quite unlawful to demand, to defend, or to grant uncon-ditional freedom of thought, of speech, of writing, or of worship, as if these were so many rights given by nature to man."Š" The Great Encyclical Letters of Pope Leo XIII," New York, Ben-ziger Brothers, pages 123, 151-153, 161. These official utterances of recent popes are cited here to establish beyond question our claim that in its action re-ferred to above, the American Federa-tion of Catholic Societies is in line with the well-known traditions of the church, and that in its effort to secure the enact-ment of the proposed legislation it will have the moral support of the Roman hierarchy. It will require no long process of rea-soning to show that the freedom of the press, so far as it relates to any discus-sion of the doctrines and practises of the Roman Catholic Church, will be prac-tically abolished, if the American Feder-ation of Catholic Societies is successful in securing such an amendment to the existing laws as it has proposed. What is likely to be included in the definition of " writings . . which outrage relig- ious convictions of our citizens " is clearly indicated by the language used in characterizing articles in Protestant pub- lications which are displeasing to the rep- resentatives of the Papacy. As an illu-minating example we refer to a criticism upon the following statement in an edito- rial in the Outlook of November II : Š" Protestants and many Catholics will regret that the Pope has missed a great opportunity of elevating to the college of cardinals those Roman Catholic eccle- siastics in this country upon whom the American people, without regard to re-ligious differences, look as religious statesmen and natural leaders in the movement for the brotherhood of man." This mildly worded suggestion con-cerning the Pope's action was deeply re-sented by the Catholic Standard and Times (Philadelphia), and this strong language was used concerning it in its issue of Nov. 18, 1911:Š "The language of the article in which this insult is offered to the Pope is, with-out exception, the most freezingly cyn-ical that ever was printed. It is the worst example of bad taste that ever emanated from a printing-office, imply-ing the right to criticize the action of the Pope in the government of the church, on the part of critics who always em-phatically repudiate the right of the Pa-pacy to regulate even its own etiquette in the reception of American visitors [referring to the Fairbanks-Roosevelt-Vatican incident]." If such a conservative criticism upon the Pope's action is regarded as an " in-sult " by Roman Catholics of influence, how much freedom of press will Łremain in America if a law is passed classing any writings " which outrage religious convictions of our [Roman Catholic] citizens " with " obscene, lewd, and las-civious " literature, which is now ex-cluded from the United States mails? It is perfectly clear that the proposed legislation would not in any way inter-fere with the fierce attacks which are now made in the Roman Catholic press upon the tenets and teachings of Protes-tantism, inasmuch as such writings do not in any way outrage the religious con-victions of Roman Catholic citizens. Such a law as has thus been asked for would establish a rigorous censorship of the press which would become a for- midable rival of Rome's Index Librorum Prohibitorum, with the civil power of the United States to enforce its provi-sions. We do not believe in making scur-rilous attacks upon any person or any 