LIBERTY 23 Mrs. Shepard then asked Dr. Talmage : " As one of the twelve apostles of your church, have you not taken an oath of treason to the United States in that you have sworn to avenge the death of Jos-eph Smith, your prophet ? " Dr. Talmage answered, " I have never taken an oath or made myself responsi-ble for any traitorous conduct to the United States." The questioning continued : " Are you willing, Dr. Talmage, to display to a committee of men the secret garments you wear, and show the signs inscribed on your chest and stomach? " Dr. Talmage smiled and answered, " I will not submit to any questioning in regard to my underwear, and' I decline to be questioned on the other matter." A telegram was read from a Presby-terian clergyman in Salt Lake City, stating that he and the other Protestant ministers of Salt Lake City believed that polygamy is dying in Utah. The super-intendent of the National Reform Asso-ciation, Dr. James S. Martin, was au-thorized to answer the telegram as fol-lows : " If polygamy is dying in Utah, when did it begin to die, and how long is it going to live yet ? " The conference passed the following resolution almost unanimously : "Voted, That Congress be urged to refuse a seat to any one who has pledged allegiance to Mormonism; that the Attorney-General be urged to compel Mormons to make accounting for the public property intrusted to them; that the Mormon books and propaganda be excluded from the mails; and that all ministers and all foreign governments be advised of the dangers of Mormonism." Mrs. Shepard, in urging the confer-ence to take drastic action against the political influences exercised by the Mor-mon Church in this country, said, " The Mormon Church will name the next President of the United States, if you don't wake up." A Significant Movement On the whole, this World Conference was an interesting occasion, and withal a most significant one. (Continued on page 80) Sunday Law Versus Constitutional Law (Continued from page 11) " To form a more perfect union, establish justiee, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for the common defense, promote the general wel-fare, and secure the blessings of liberty to our-selves and our posterity." William E. Gladstone pronounced this document to be " the most wonderful work ever struck off at a given time by the brain and purpose of man." The historian Bancroft said of its scope and comprehensiveness : " The Constitution establishes nothing that interferes with equality and individuality. . . . The rule of individuality was extended as never before. . . . Religion was become avowedly the attribute of man and not of a corporation. . . . No one thought of vindicating liberty of religion for the conscience of the individual till a voice in Judea, breaking day for the greatest epoch in the life of humanity by establishing for all mankind a pure, spiritual, and universal religion, enjoined to render to Caesar only that which is Cmsar's. . . . Vindicating the right of individuality even in religion, and in religion above all, the new nation dared to set the ex-ample of accepting in its relations to God the principle first divinely ordained in Judea."Š"History of the United States," Vol. VI, pp. 448, 444 (edition of 1888). The thought that is hard for many minds to grasp is that Sunday laws are religious in principle. The prevailing idea is that to compel men to rest from business and daily toil on Sunday is within the province of civil government, the argument being that man needs one day of rest in seven. Hence the real character of Sunday legislation is lost sight of by the toiler who may favor compulsory Sunday rest laws. But there is no mistaking the fact that Sunday laws had their origin in religion, that they are used for religious persecution, and that in the last analysis the toiler's lib-erty is interfered with thereby. We do not have to dig up history to show that Sunday observance is regarded as a religious duty. The one hundred thirty-first general assembly of the Pres-byterian Church at its meeting in St. Louis, Mo., recently passed the following resolution: 