640 8 LIBERTY be hypocrites, but no power on earth can force men to be Christians." This noble sentiment expressed by Dr. Carey should be burned into the heart and mind of every religious leader and statesman in the world, especially in these times when such strong efforts are being exerted to secure an enforcement of laws of a religious character. It seems difficult for many so-called reformers in these times to see that the enforcement of any religious tenet is the same as forcing a Hindu to be a Christian. Christianity consists of various religious rites, such as prayer, communion serv-ice, baptism, Sabbath observance, etc. The doing of any of these simply in an outward way, without the real spirit of Christ in the heart, can be but a dead form, lacking the real elements of Chris-tianity. Its effect upon religion is to make common and spectacular that which is sacred and should be devoid of show. A woe is pronounced by the Saviour upon such as do this. He says : " Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypo-crites ! for ye make clean the outside of the cup and of the platter, but within they are full of extortion and excess. . . . Woe unto you, scribes and Phari-sees, hypocrites ! for ye are like unto whited sepulchers, which indeed appear beautiful outwardly, but are within full of dead men's bones, and of all unclean-ness. Even so ye also outwardly appear righteous unto men, but within ye are full of hypocrisy and iniquity." Matt. 23 : 25-28. All outward show of Christianity, without the spirit of Christ, is hypocrisy, and justly merits the woe denounced upon it by our Saviour. It must follow then that for a state to enforce upon its citizens any religious duty is to compel them to act the part of hypocrites. Every law that enforces the observance of Sunday or any other religious institu-tion upon those who have not been con- verted by the regenerating power of the Holy Spirit, is a law that fosters bigotry and hypocrisy, and tramples upon con-science. No person can keep the Sab-bath, only as he does it from a heart surrendered to God and obedient to the dictates of the Holy Spirit. The Sabbath is a spiritual institution, and therefore can only be observed spiritually. Thus it is impossible for any human power to enforce more than its outward form. In sweet accord, therefore, with the teachings of Christ are the words of Dr. Carey : " We may indeed force men to be hypocrites, but no power on earth can force men to be Christians. K. C. R. How to Argue With a Protestant THE following, which is taken from World Wide Missions well illustrates the methods of the Roman Church in silen-cing the arguments of her opponents : Š It was in the south district of Chile and in the village of Perquenco, where the parish priest was holding an open-air service at the occasion of a public feast. Recently we had held a number of services in that place, which appar-ently gave the priest an occasion for alarm. He therefore considered it his duty to warn his flock of the danger com-ing from contact with the deadly here-tics, and this is the way he did it. Said he: " My beloved flock ! there have been some signs lately of a disease that breaks out every once in a while, called Protes-tantism. The men who follow this old but dying heresy are very cunning in their ways. They will come to you with arguments of their own and with a Bible of their own, wishing to deceive even the elect among you. I warn you, dear children, of this danger, and tell you what you ought to do. When you see a Protestant coming to your home, do by no means begin to argue with him ; he is sure to do you harm. Do not even ask him as to the purpose of his coming. When he is near your door, just take hold of the tranca ' [the heavy beam 