62 LIBERTY No man by right can be conscience for another man, only for himself. FREEDOM of opinion and the right to express it, is not limited to any class, no matter how popular or unpopular the opinion may be, or how numerous or limited the class. As a gem needs a setting to bring out its color and brilliancy, so liberty needs a setting in law to restrain its abuse and to preserve its glory; consequently, as burnished gold is to a sparkling diamond, so is equitable law to true liberty. A NATURAL right is of universal appli-cation. It is not affected by the decisions of majorities or minorities. When a ma-jority deny to a minority the enjoyment of a natural right, then the will of that majority has become an intolerable tyranny. Equality of rights is the only basis of essential justice. As long as men have opinions and con-victions of their own, there is a possibility of disagreement and conflict. To make the latter impossible, one would have to eradicate from the nature and disposition of carnal man the possibility of the for-mer. Nothing but the grace of God can remove carnality from the nature of man. God does not propose to do it by force, but by grace. All other remedies for selfishness and devices to cause men to live and dwell with one another in lasting peace, are futile. THE American Republic is on trial as never before, not only because assailed by foreign foes, but by an eminently re-spectable element that is not in harmony with the fundamental principles of de-mocracy. Those who compose this ele-ment would substitute their interpretation of the divine law for the Constitution and laws of the Republic. This could result in nothing short of persecution for conscience' sake. Churches Urge Passage of Sunday Blue Laws THREE Sunday bills are now pending before Congress which, if enacted into law, would make the District of Columbia as " blue " as colonial New England ever was in the days of the Puritan regime The measures pending before the Senate committees at present are S. 3162 and S 226o. A third bill (H. R. 128) is pending action before the District of Columbia Committee of the House of Representa-tives. Let every reader of this Magazine who loves religious freedom and believes that religion should not be enforced by law, write to the Senators and Representa-tives from his State at Washington. D. C., an earnest letter of protest against the passage of these three compulsory Sunday observance bills. There is a right way and a wrong way of doing the right thing, and State enforcement of re-ligion is the wrong way of promoting Christianity. The fact that the churches, and the churches only, are urging the passage of these bills, is prima-facie evi-dence that the bills are religious. Disestablishment of the Church in Russia THE Washington Post of February 6 published the following dispatch from Petrograd : " The soviet issued a decree today [February 3], signed by Nikolai Lenine and other mem-bers of the de facto government, absolutely separating the church and the state, eliminating church income from the state, and confiscating all church realty, furnishings, and parapher-nalia." On the other hand, the same dispatch contained the news item that the high priest of the Greek Catholic Church, the Most Rev. Dr. Tikhon, patriarch of all Russia, " issued today [February 3] at Moscow an anathema threatening the participants with excommunication and calling on the faithful to defend the sa-credness of the church." 