LIBERTY 17 or bad. Paul never taught such doctrine. The government that is a terror to good works is not the power ordained of God. It is proper therefore to make a distinction between the govern-ment and its personnel. When its personnel is in harmony with the government, they must be obeyed as representing the gov-ernment. And distinction must also be made between the gov-ernment and certain measures of the government. In all cases, government Š that is to say, a praise to the good, and a terror to the evil Š is ordained of God. But government is not an ab-stract idea. It distills and takes form before the eyes of men in the shape of tangible laws. And he who says that he is a friend of the government, while he dis-obeys those laws which are the visible expression of the govern-ment's essence, that person would be a hypocrite. Therefore in God's scheme of providing for rulers over men, while repudia-ting governors who were a terror to the good, he made no place for rebels nor for lawbreakers. One of the greatest conquests of mod-ern times is the understanding of the true source whence rulers derive their power. While God ordained govern-ments and made them fountains of sov-ereignty, he did not, nevertheless, place upon earth any ambassador of his, who, among other functions, was charged with the mission of pointing out to peoples either the form of government they should adopt or the family they should choose as rulers. That was the medieval idea. Under the theory of the divine right of kings, the Dark Ages came on, and mankind was for years held in the bondage of feudal tyranny. When Fran-cis I of France concluded his Concordat with Pope Leo, Francis I proceeded to the great cathedral of Reims, where he was consecrated king of France by the CHARLES, KING OF RUM \ NTA sacred oil in the " vial let down from heaven." At the same time their heaven-anointed king placed his hand on the holy Gospels and swore to exterminate or to drive from his kingdom all heretics, those who walked contrary to the Church of Rome. The massacre of St. Barthol-omew and the dragonades of Louis XIV were the logical outcome of the divine right of kings. Now all this is changed, or ought to . be changed. " Should the liberty of con-science of only one citizen be violated," said the noble Jules Flevry, June, 1881, in the French Senate, " a French legis-lator would forever get himself glory to pass a law if it were only in behalf of that one case." This was different lan-guage from that used in the clays of Francis I or Louis XIV. What a sub-lime array of rulers do the nations of the 