148 LIBERTY that human authority fails where religion is set aside. Roman Ideas and Dogmas What are the precepts and practices of Christian wisdom, according to the Romish ideas, which have ceased to be observed? First of all, and undoubtedly in the mind of Rome the most important one, is that the Sovereign Pontiff is su-preme above all civil government. In proof of this, the following words, taken from the coronation service of the pon-tiffs, is good evidence:Š Take thou the tiara adorned with the triple crown, and know that thou art the father of princes and of kings, and art the governor of the world. And again the following will be of interest: Š I claim to be the supreme judge and di-rector of the consciences of men Š of the peasant that tills the field, and the prince that sits on the throne; of the household that sits in the shade of privacy, and the legislature that makes laws for kingdoms. I am the sole last supreme judge of what is right and wrong.Š Vide Quirinus (Appendix 1, page 832), quoted from a sermon by Cardinal Man-ning, preached at Kensington, 1869, "in the Pope's name." Besides this, Rome teaches in many different places that all sovereigns are of right subject to the Vicar of Jesus Christ on earth ; that absolute monarchy is the only really right form of civil gov-ernment ; that the Pope has a right to dethrone kings and princes, and to ab-solve their subjects from their oaths of allegiance ; that governments must not permit men to embrace any faith but the " revealed truth in the Catholic reli-gion ; " and Pope Pius X declared that the fundamental principle of the separa-tion of church and state is " an abso-lutely false thesis, a very pernicious er-ror." Moreover, in the now famous Syllabus of Errors the following doc-trines are pronounced errors :Š Every man is free to embrace and profess the religion he shall believe true, guided by the light of reason.ŠApostolic letter Multi-plices inter, loth June, 1851; Allocution, Max-ima quidem, 9th June, 1862. Men may in any religion find the way of eternal salvation and obtain eternal salvation. ŠEncyclical letter Qui pluribus, 9th Nov., 1846; Allocution Ubi primum, 17th Dec., 1847. We may entertain at least a well-founded hope for the eternal salvation of all those who are in no manner in the true church of Christ.Š Allocution Singulari quidem, 9th Dec., 1854; Encyclical letters .Quanto con-ficiamur, 17th Aug., 1863. The church has not the power of using force, nor has any ternporal power, direct or indirect.Š Twenty-fourth in the Syllabus of Errors. The church ought to be separated from the state, and the state from the church.Š Fifty-fifth in the Syllabus of Errors. The theories concerning civil govern-ment as held by Rome are at the present time being strenuously promulgated by the Jesuits. In the year 185o there began to be published in the city of Rome by the Jesuits a magazine bearing the title Civiltci Cattolica (Catholic Civilization). This magazine is published to teach Catholic civilization " as opposed to " modem civilization." In other words, it is designed to promulgate in the world the Roman Catholic ideas of civil gov-ernment as opposed to the liberal and republican ideas of the present day; and the Catholic civilization is, of course, represented by the ideas of government which are the opposite of those doctrines condemned by the Syllabus of Errors. It consistently teaches that the prince as a prince, the legislature as a legislature, and the nation as a society, are " not only to believe, in the Pope, but to be subject to him." From all this, it is clear that the mod-ern ideas of ruling states are not at all in accord with those of the Church of Rome. According to her, the present order of society is utterly and funda-mentally wrong. And it must be remem-bered that the Syllabus of Errors is an ex-cathedra document and is infallible and irreformable. Moreover, it will be seen from the sections already quoted from the Syllabus that that document strikes at the very fundamentals of civil and religious liberty. And again it must be remembered that the opposite of the 