60 LIBERTY filmed to pour in from residents of the State. These contained, in the aggregate, nearly 57,000 names. The people of California are not in favor of legislation which curtails their rights. The bill was sent from the public morals committee to the committee on capital and labor. This latter committee reported the bill out, and it was placed on the file, but before it came to a vote it was re-referred to the com-mittee on judiciary, which allowed it to die. California still remains a State without a Sun-day law. Sunday is as well observed in California as in any State in the Union, but it is because of the reverence which people have for the day and not because of legislation. Any man has a legal right to observe Sunday, Saturday, or any other day he chooses, but no man or com-bination of men has a right to punish any man for honorable work on any day of the week. Places of amusement have as much right to run  on Sunday as on Monday. If they are a menace to the community, they should be closed every day in the week. The gospel has inherent power to stand be-fore any opposition brought to bear against it. The Master, who gave the great commission for its proclamation, stated that all power in heaven and earth was given unto him, and with the promise of this same power to his disciples, he sent them out to preach. Religion never is in such danger as when it is supported by the arm of civil government. The ark of God was captured when surrounded by the armies of its defenders. Left to itself, it caused the overthrow of the false god. Placed on the car-riage drawn by unbroken kine, the angel of the Lord guided it back to its rightful place. So today, imbued with the power of the Holy Spirit, the church will win its way, finding its safest haven in the hearts of its believers. We would that men and women learn tnis lesson. Is the National Constitution Godless? By G. B. Thompson THAT eminent and learned English states-man, William E. Gladstone, once spoke of the Constitution of the United States as " the most wonderful work ever struck off at a given time by the brain and purpose of man." Under this fundamental law this nation has grown to be a giant among the nations of the earth. The star of empire stood successively over Babylon, Medo-Persia, and Rome. Its course was westward. Today the star of em-pire has moved westward again, and stands over America. And this completes the circle of the earth. And so long as this great bulwark of freedom and progress stands, we shall grow as a nation in power and intelligence. The glory of our Constitution is in the lib-erty which it guarantees to all. Speaking con-cerning the clause which states that no reli-gious test shall be required of any citizen as a qualification for office, Judge Story says: " This clause is not introduced merely for the purpose of satisfying the scruples of many respectable persons who feel an invincible re-pugnance to any religious test or affirmation. It had a higher object: to cut off forever every pretense of any alliance between church and state in thq national government. The framers of the Constitution were fully sensible of the dangers from this source, marked out in the his-tory of other ages and countries, and not wholly unknown to our own. They knew that bigotry was unceasingly vigilant in its stratagems to secure to itself an exclusive ascendancy over the human mind, and that intolerance was ever ready to arm itself with all the terrors of the  civil power to exterminate those who doubted its dogmas or resisted its infallibility."ŠSchaff's Church and State," p. 1f8. There could be no complete religious liberty were one sect or faith given preference by law over another. Any class distinction which is based on religious grounds, sooner or later will result in religious persecution. We regret that strong ecclesiastical organizations are continu-ally urging that both State and national law-makers legislate upon purely religious ques-tions, such as the observance of a particular day as the Sabbath. If granted, such legis-lation would violate the essential principles of our national Constitution, which forbids the doing of this very thing. Some of these religio-Constitutional tinkers have defamed the Constitution, calling it a godless document, because it does not contain the name of God. But as our nation was to be an asylum where the oppressed of every land could find a refuge and be free to worship any god, or no god at all if they so chose, the omission of the name of God was necessary. If the name " God " were inserted, the question would at once arise for settlement as to which god is meant, for there are " gods many, and lords many." The Constitution leaves every man free to worship any of these, or no god, as his conscience may dictate. This is true po-litical liberty, and fosters true worship, which is voluntary, never forced. On this point the author quoted above says: 