LIBERTY 129 it as a serious mistake for the church, as such, to turn from its commission to preach the gospel to every creature, and to substitute for this work an effort for a higher civilization. Christians make the best citizens, and the most valuable service which the church can render is in turning men from the power of Satan unto God. In this way it will transform the lawless into the law-abiding, and will lay stable foundations for society. Religion by Force IF to any one belongs the right to com-pel worship, it would be to our Heavenly Father; but in these words, spoken for him by his Son, we find the Ruler of the universe recognizing the principle of re-ligious liberty : " Whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely." The gospel of Christ and religion by force are the antipodes of each other. Paganism had long driven men as mental and spiritual slaves under the lash of a compulsory religion ; but the gospel of Jesus Christ is,built upon this principle: " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." But compulsory religion judges, con-demns, and executes; and the spirit that would revive the practise is alive in our day. It is this generation's heritage from the ages of paganism. Its principles came with our ancestors in the " May-flower," found deep rootage in the colo-nial establishments, and have found some to keep them alive through all the years from then until now. The attempt to unite all denominations for the en-forcement of a sabbath upon all the people without regard to their rights, either temporal or spiritual, is as surely a heritage of paganism and medievalism as any that has come down to us. Force in religion is as old as Babylon, yea, as old as the murder of Abel by his  brother; and wherever we see combina-tions of men setting themselves the task of bringing about conformity in religion by compulsion of law, we see a repeti-tion in spirit, and oftentimes in letter, of the intolerance of the first murderer for cause of religion, and of the oppression and persecution of men for religious be- lief in all the ages since. C. M. S. ttE tti Indorsing National Reformism AT the General Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church, which was held at Minneapolis, Minn., in May, the program of the National Reform Asso-ciation was indorsed, and delegates were appointed to the second World's Chris-tian Citizenship Convention, to be held next year in Portland, Oregon, under the auspices of that association. During the same month the Presby-terian General Assembly was in session at Louisville, Ky., and action was taken at that time by that body which commits the denomination to the principles of the National Reform Association ; namely, the placing of the name of Deity in the national Constitution; the declaration that this is a Christian nation; the at-tempt to make the divine law the basis of all national legislation; and the establish-ment of a sabbath by compulsion of hu-man law. This, says the resolution adopted by the assembly, is done " to the end that, by mutual understanding and concerted action, these evils may be met and overcome so that the kingdom of God may more fully appear." The in-dorsement of the National Reform As-sociation's program by these two large and influential organizations will no doubt greatly help the association in win-ning its way among other bodies of pro-fessed followers of Christ. The result will be a marked increase in the efforts to secure religious legislation, both State and national, and a hastening of the day 