LIBERTY rigid Sunday law has been enacted. This law makes provision for works of necessity." But the running of street-cars on Sunday is prohibited, evidently being considered as not " necessary " in the " supplying of service " to the peo-ple of the Dominion. 4. It is further provided in this bill that its provisions shall not be construed so as to prohibit " sacred concerts, nor the regular business of hotels and res-taurants on said day ; nor to the delivery of articles of food, including meats, at any time before ten o'clock in the morn-ing of said day, from June first to Octo-ber first; nor to the sale of milk, fruit, confectionery, ice, soda- and mineral-waters, newspapers, periodicals, cigars, drugs, medicines, and surgical appliances ; nor to the business of livery stables, or other public, or the use of private, con-veyances ; nor to the handling and oper-ating of the United States mail." These provisions permit the holding of " sacred concerts." But who is to de-cide whether a concert is " sacred,"Šthose who provide it, those who attend it, the clergy, or the courts? Why should there be any more restriction con-cerning the delivery of food in June than in May ? And why should a man be a criminal, and brought to court for fol- lowing his usual work at o5 A. M., on some Sunday in July, while at 9 : 55 a. M. he is not a criminal? Think of a thief in court being asked what time of day he committed his deed ! In closing, we can not better express the folly and absurdities of such exemp-tions as are found in this bill and other similar bills than to quote a statement from " Sabbath Laws in the United States " (page 99), by R. C. Wylie, D. D. Dr. Wylie is a prominent advo-cate of Sunday laws, but in commenting concerning the exemptions in the Sunday law of Louisiana, he says: Š " The list of exemptions enumerated in the law of Louisiana is so formidable, and some of the things excepted are so objectionable, that serious doubt might be entertained as to the law's utility. It  might be better for the people to engage in some of the things prohibited than to spend the day in the enjoyment of the things excepted." So this noted apostle of compulsory Sabbath-keeping openly advocates a dis-regard of the provisions of the Sunday law of Louisiana, as preferable to ob-serving it in all its details, simply be-cause the things excepted do not meet his mind. If a bill with exceptions such as meet Dr. Wylie's mind should be passed, would anybody be permitted then to follow his advice? If not, why not? The observance of the Sabbath, being a matter of conscience, should be left with the individual and God. 4111-.11111.-1111  The Labor Unions and Freedom of Speech C. M. SNOW THE sentence of imprisonment pro-nounced upon President Samuel Gom-pers, Vice-President John Mitchell, and Secretary Frank Morrison of the Amer-ican Federation of Labor, is regarded as marking a crisis in the history of la-bor unionism in this country. The sen-tence was pronounced by Judge Daniel Thew Wright of the Supreme Court of the District of Columbia on December 23, and the defendants were admitted to bail, pending the verdict of the District Court of Appeals, to which their case now goes. If the Court of Appeals sus-tains the decision of Judge Wright, the case will then be taken to the Supreme Court of the United States, provided the Court of Appeals grants a writ of cer-tiorari. If it refuses to grant this writ, the defendants must then enter upon their respective terms of imprisonment, which are, for Mr. Gompers, one year; for Mr. Mitchell, nine months; for Mr. Morrison, six months. It is not the purpose here to go into the history of this case further than to state the principal facts in its develop-ment, that the situation as it now stands may be understood. 