LIBERTY  21 The Civil Sabbath G. B. THOMPSON THE promoters of Sunday laws have much to say about the " civil Sabbath." But this term is both confusing and mis-leading, for there is no such thing as a " civil Sabbath." The term itself is con-tradictory. As well might one speak of a civil prayer, a civil baptism, or a civil com-munion. The Fourth of July, Washington's Birthday, and Memorial Day, are civil in-stitutions. But are those who are asking for Sunday laws willing that the "civil Sabbath " should be treated as are these civil holidays? If not, why not? Why make a distinction between one civil insti-tution and another? Why permit labor and amusements on the Fourth of July, and pro-hibit them on Sunday, if both are civil institutions? The Sabbath is not a civil but a religious institution. It rests on a divine precept. Its observance is a duty which man owes to his Creator, and its desecration is a spiritual and not a civil offense; a sin and not a crime.  1  But a spiritual offense can never rightfully be punished by civil laws, and any attempt to do so necessitates a union of church and state. All the dreary history of the terrible inquisition and the Dark Ages, in which savages were made to shudder at the name of Christianity, was only the result of the Church seeking to mete out punishment for religious offenses by the power of the state. In civil offenses, such as fraud, burglary, arson, or assault, the extent of the crime can be measured, and the damage made good by a pecuniary consideration; but not so in religious matters. Sabbath breaking is a sin against God, and can never be atoned for by fine or imprisonment. It is a spiritual offense, which can be purged only by the blood of Christ applied to the heart by faith. But the Sabbath command is only one of the precepts of the Bible. Why single out " Sabbath observance " as a subject for legislation, and neglect other things which the Bible commands? For instance, the Bible tells us that the " tenth shall be holy unto the Lord." This is as plain as the command respecting the Sabbath. But would those favoring a compulsory Sunday law favor a law compelling all to give a tenth of their income for religious pur- poses? Quite a protest would doubtless be raised concerning the impropriety of such a law. But why should Congress be asked to pass a law requiring a person to give one seventh of his time for worship, any more than to give one tenth of his income for religious purposes? One is no more out of place than the other. Then there is the Lord's Supper, an ordinance established by the Saviour him-self. Why not petition the honorable and respected members of Congress to enact a law requiring at stated intervals every citizen in the District of Columbia Ñ the agnostic, the Jew, the blasphemer, the Christian Ñ to assemble and partake of these sacred emblems? 0, says one, it would be sacrilegious for this holy ordi-nance to be enforced upon everybody! Indeed, but is it not equally sacrilegious to attempt to force upon everybody, by law. the observance of the Sabbath? Again, take baptism. The Saviour com-manded this ordinance also. But are those seeking for laws to make compulsory the observance of the "Lord's Day " in favor of a law compelling all to be baptized? Why seek to enforce the Lord's Day any more than the Lord's baptism, or the Lord's Supper? Why would it not be as proper to legislate upon the one as the other. If it is right to compel individuals to observe a Sabbath, regardless of their convictions, it is equally proper to compel them to be baptized. It may be urged that all are not agreed as to the "mode " of baptism. Very true. Neither are all agreed as to the proper day to be observed. Shall Con-gress be asked to settle which day is the Sabbath, and determine how it shall be observed? The right of judgment as to which day is the Sabbath, and the manner of its observance, belongs to the individual, not to the state. Every citizen should de-cide when and how he shall worship, un-trammeled by any legal enactments or requirements. Manifestly the true sphere of the state is to deal with civil questions, and not to settle religious controversies. Are the Baptists willing to adopt sprinkling at the dictation of the state? Are the com-municants of the Episcopalian, Presby-terian, and other churches, prepared to adopt immersion as the proper mode of baptism, by vote of the members of Con-gress? Then, there is the Lord's Prayer.  It 