LIBERTY 183 the state to make a law to compel all Sunday observers to rest on Saturday, in order to guarantee religious liberty to those who rest on the seventh day of the week. If they believe that all religious sects should stand on an equality before the law according to the American idea of civil and religious liberty, why should not the compulsory Sunday law advocates petition Congress and our State legisla-tures just as earnestly and ungrudgingly for a compulsory Saturday law to protect the religious liberty of the Sabbatarians and compel the Sunday observers to rest two days for the same reason that they want the Sabbatarians to keep two days? That would be one way of maintaining religious equality before the law as be-tween these two classes; but a better way would be for the state not to take cog-nizance of the religious tenets and insti-tutions of any sect. Let the church at-tend to religious matters and the state to civil matters only. Then the natural rights and religious liberty of all men would be secured, and universal peace and harmony would prevail. tV A Modern Haman THE Altoona (Pa.) Times of, June 25, 1914, contains the following: Š The Biblical story of Haman and the scaffold he built for Mordecai, but upon which he was later hanged himself, tells the story completely of what happened to the Rev. Š, pastor of the Fourth Lu-theran Church, when he appeared in the court of Alderman Adam Leake to prosecute Mrs. L. S. Snyder, a widow, who conducts a restaurant in Logansport, and who was arrested on the oath of the minister, charged with selling ice cream on Sunday. After hearing the testimony in the case, the alderman discharged Mrs. Snyder, and informed the Rev. Š that he would have to pay the costs in the case, failing to do which, execution on his property would be made. The outcome of the hearing is a hard blow to the ministerial sleuths of Altoona  who had set about to close up Altoona on Sunday. We omit the minister's name pur-posely, lest it might go down in history with a perpetual stigma attached to it similar to that of Haman. But this in-cident ought to be an object lesson to our lawmakers as to the class of men who are demanding Sunday legislation, and the length to which they will go in the drastic enforcement of such laws. We only wish that our republic had more rulers and civil officers of the Ahasuerus and the Altoona alderman type, who would interpret the law in harmony with justice and the Constitutional guaranties of civil and religious liberty. tV ItE A Ringing Resolution AiŁ a recent meeting in California, in the interests of religious liberty, three thousand people rose to their feet for the adoption of the following resolution : Š Whereas, The Sunday Rest Bill now pending in California on the initiative, is subversive of the natural rights of man-kind, opposed to the civil guaranties of the State and nation, unreasonable in its restrictions and prohibitions, and absurdly descriminative in its multiplied exemp-tions,Š Resolved, That we protest most vig-orously against this bold-faced attack upon the inalienable prerogatives of citi-zens, and pledge our word and sacred honor to oppose its enactment into a law, which would be alike oppressive and a constant incentive to espionage and blackmail. We deny the right of any faction, secular or religious, whether constituting a minority or a majority, to impose civil demands that would curtail the freedom of labor or restrict the le-gitimate operations of business, particu-larly in ways that involve differences of religious belief and practice. We there-fore call upon all fair-minded voters to unite with us in the maintenance of con-stitutional pledges, that we and all our fellow citizens may continue to enjoy the inestimable blessings of civil and re-ligious liberty in California. 