LIBERTY 127 herited right to rule without any regard dom followed hard after the battles for to the desires of those he ruled, and civil freedom, and the victories gained had suffered under that rule, they pledged were as much more important than the their lives, their fortunes, and their sa-  military victories as the freedom of the cred honor to the outspoken principle soul is more important than the name of that "governments derive their just pow-  the country to which the person owes ers .from the consent of the governed ; " allegiance. Efforts were made to re-and because those principles were not commit the country to the principles of recognized nor those rights allowed, they a union of church and state, but they declared that " these united colonies are failed as they deserved to do, and there and of right ought to be free and inde-  went into the constitution of every one pendent States." From these plain dec-  of the original thirteen States the prin-larations of principle, and the firm stand ciples, if not the exact words, of the fol-which they took upon them, there grew lowing declaration : " No man shall be up what was then an anomaly among the compelled to frequent or support any re-nations, an anomaly which persisted by ligious worship, place, or ministry what-virtue of the principles upon which the soever, nor shall suffer on account of nation was founded. his religious opinions or belief; opinion Now, in these later days the remem-  in matters of religion shall in no wise brance of those principles is fading away, diminish, enlarge, or affect civil capaci-even as fades the ink with which they ties. The rights hereby asserted are of were written. The outlines of those the natural rights of man." Most of the words which meant so much to the de-  other States since added to the Union, scendants of the American colonies are have also incorporated these principles dimming to obscurity today, and he into their constitutions. The nation it-must look with keen eye who would see self was not permitted to remain silent those principles in the deeds and words on so great and vital a principle. It of many of those who are influencing prohibited in emphatic terms the making public sentiment today. of religion a test of qualification for pub- When the nation was still young, there lic office, and forbade even Congress were incorporated into its fundamental itself to invade the citadel of the soul by law specific declarations of principles to enacting religious legislation. safeguard the liberty of the soul as well Therefore, with the Declaration of In- as of the body. These were as hard a dependence speaking as it does, with the blow at the established church as the Constitution of the nation speaking as it declaration of civil independence was does, with the constitutions of forty or against the former established govern-  more of the States speaking as they do, ment in the country. But they had been and with the history before us of the whipped and burned and banished when memorable struggle that was waged by religion had been established by state the founders of the nation for religious law, and they would protect themselves liberty, it would certainly seem that the and their posterity by disestablishing that people of these United States had spoken which had made such things possible. plainly enough, and that the lesson had Naturally the established church was been learned well enough, so that never strongly opposed to the cutting off of its again in this land would religious perse- financial state aid, its exceptional pre-  cution raise its head to hurt or punish rogatives, and its advantages over other any for worshiping God according to the sects. So the battle for religious free-  dictates of their consciences. 