LIBERTY 29 no matter how necessary it may be for the sick to have medicine. We positively and absolutely refuse to open our doors under any circumstances whatever, until the or-dinance ' and whatever influence has caused its enforcement is annulled and condemned by public opinion or otherwise." Two other drug-stores posted similar notices. ON May 22 Mayor Barth, of Louisville, Ky., " issued a proclamation announcing that after a conference with Governor Beck ham he had determined rigidly to enforce the Kentucky statutes and city ordinances providing for Sunday closing, not only in Louisville, but in Jefferson County out-side the city limits." " All saloons, the-aters, road houses, beer gardens, and amuse-ment parks must close, the only pursuits to be tolerated being household duties and works of necessity.' " STRIcr Sunday enforcement against saloons at St. Cloud, Minn., which has ob-tained there during the past few months, has been modified by a new mayor, who permits the saloons to remain open on Sunday " except during the hours of pub-lic worship " in the forenoon. This new order of things went into effect on April 15. The Fergus Falls Journal remarks that the saloons are required to close at the time specified " in order to give the bartenders an opportunity to attend church." AN arrangement has been made between Rev. Father Theodore Waring, of Dyers-ville, Iowa, and the management of the local baseball team, whereby the clergy-man holds his Sunday afternoon church services half an hour earlier, and the ball game is called half an hour later, than formerly, in order that there may be no conflict between the two, and " that the ` fans' may attend divine worship and aft-erward go to the baseball game." It is said that Father Waring " realizes that Sunday baseball has come to stay." STRICT Sunday enforcement against all business prevailed at Kokomo, Ind., on Sun-day, May 13. " Never before in the history of the city has it been closed tighter." " Signs were posted in practically all the retail stores in the city warning their cus-tomers that no sales would be made on Sun-day," and " even the drug-stores and fruit stands were closed," so that " it was im-possible to purchase a cigar, or even a glass of soda-water, or other harmless refresh-ments during the day." " Even the J. G. Leach Ice Company plant suspended busi-ness for the first time since the plant was built, and no deliveries of ice were made in any part of the city." " The venders of  newspapers, although expressly excepted in the Sunday law, were interfered with, but finally were allowed to proceed with their deliveries and street sales." " FOR selling meat after midnight on Sat-urday " twenty Jewish butchers, who under-stood " that Police Commissioner Bingham had announced that he would not take any action against Jewish butchers for Sunday selling while the Passover feast was on," were fined five dollars each in the Harlem police court, New York City, on Sunday morning, April 15. The complainant in each case was a representative of the benchmen's union. In imposing the fines Magistrate Cornell said that he did so re-luctantly, and declared with regard to the Sunday law under which the arrests were made and the fines imposed, " I wish the legislature would repeal this absurd law." RESOLUTIONS refusing to grant " a re-quest by the W. C. T. U. and others pray-ing that this council enforce the Sunday laws relating to barber shops and other places of business " were recently adopted by the council of Paynesville. Minn. The council took the ground that, " being a body representing the voters of the town, it is in duty bound to carry out the will of the majority of said voters," and that it had " no right to act in the matter until as-sured by a petition signed by a majority of the voters that the people want the Sun-day laws enforced." The council pledged itself " to at all times carry out the will of the people as expressed by the majority." IT having been announced recently at Niles, Ohio, " that an effort would be made to play baseball on Sundays " at that place, " a great stir was created among the min-isters of the city," one of them declaring " that such an undertaking was an outrage, and that he would do everything in his power to see that the game was not played on Sunday in Niles." " He said he liked baseball on week-days all right, but de-clared, ` I object to such desecration of the Sabbath.' " A local newspaper thought it likely from the " indignant state " of the ministers that they would " make some move to stop the games," but remarked that " as Sunday ball has been legalized in Ohio, it is not seen how they can accomplish any-thing in this behalf." FOLLOWING the recent suppression of baseball playing on Sunday at Greenwich, Conn., it was announced that the clergy-men of the place, headed by Rev. Matthew Patton, would next turn their attention to golf playing on Sunday, and would " draw up a protest for their congregations to sign, 