14 LIBERTY pray. What would such a prayer be? Not being of faith, it would be sin. The same is true in reference to the Sab-bath. Sabbath-keeping is a spiritual serv-ice, to be rendered to the God who made the Sabbath, and not to man. The law of God is spiritual. Rom. 7: 14. The fourth pre-cept of this law, therefore, which enjoins the keeping of the Sabbath, is spiritual, and only spiritual persons. can keep the Sabbath " according to the commandment." It is not a form, but is a matter of conscientious con-viction. On this, as well as other religious things, you can not " hammer out a con-science " as you would " forge a crowbar." A person may, through fear of the penalty of civil law, stop work on Sunday, but this is not Sabbath-keeping. The judgment must be convinced; the act must be a mat-ter of faith and conscientious conviction, or it is of no more value than the empty forms and ceremonies of the Pharisees, which the Saviour denounced when on the earth. Let there be no force in religious mat-ters. The Master left men free. He drew a clear distinction between the state and religion. We are to render to Caesar, or the civil power, the things which belong to it, and unto God the things which belong to him. Let there be no effort to coerce the conscience. A man has a right to worship or not to worship, as his conscience may dictate. If, in the exercise of this divine right, he should invade the civil rights of his neighbor, the law may restrain him for his incivility. But when this is done, its function ends. It is not to seek to regulate his conscience. The Triumph of Rome PROTESTANTS little know what they are doing when they propose to accept the aid of Rome in the work of Sunday exaltation. While they are bent upon the accomplish-ment of their purpose, Rome is aiming to re-establish her power, to recover her lost supremacy. Let history testify of her art-ful and persistent efforts to insinuate her-self into the affairs of nations; and, having gained a foothold, to further her own aims, even at the ruin of princes and people. Romanism openly puts forth the claim that the pope " can pronounce sentences and judgments in contradiction to the right of nations, to the law of God and man." And, let it be remembered, it is the boast of Rome that she never changes. The principles of Gregory VII and Innocent III are still the principles of the Roman Church. And had she but the power, she would put them in practise with as much vigor now as in past centuries. Let the principle once be established in the United States, that the church may employ or control the power of the state; that religious observances may be enforced by secular laws ; in short, that the authority of church and state is to dom-inate the conscience, and the triumph of Rome in this country is assured.Š" The Great Controversy," pages 58o, 581. [The most convincing comment upon the foregoing extract is the last papal ency-clical issued by Pius X. The interpreta-tion of this document is thus given by the Roman Catholic correspondent of the Church Times of London.Š ED.] "Never before has the papacy so definitely and so explicitly committed the church to the absolute rejection of ail modern modes of thought and of the results of scientific and historical research, or so definitely and explicitly tied her to the modes of thought and the scientific notions of a past age. . . . Those who hold that Catholics have a right to private judgment in political matters are denounced as vigorously as Biblical critics; in politics, as in all else, they are to submit blindly to ecclesiastical authority. Any attempt to reconcile author-ity and liberty is denounced as treason to the church. I am aware that this is not new; I am afraid that it represents the constant teaching of Rome for many cen-turies past. But we have been told so often, even by the most orthodox apologists, that it was merely theoretical and mostly obso-lete, that it is somewhat startling to find that, on the contrary, it is still in full force. that the doctrines of Gregory VII and Bon-iface VIII are reiterated with increased emphasis at the beginning of the twentieth century. Throughout the whole document runs the conception of the church as a mere appanage of the papacy; of the body of the faith, bishops, priests, and laity, as a horde of slaves obedient to the nod of a despot, without rights or liberties, save such as it may be the pleasure of the despot to grant them. Never before has the absolut-ism of Rome been defined with such brutal frankness." 