LIBERTY 7 was followed by fire,Š" the usual, but perhaps not the most severe, form of execution." Anything worse than fire? Š Yes, when religious fanaticism begins to invent tortures for those of different faith, it finds some torments to which even burning is mild; but we forbear. All this persecution, waged by deter-mined oppressors on the " heresy," only caused it to increase. By marriage of rulers this country be- Reformers better than that of arguing with them. The scaffold was the most conclusive of syllogisms, and was used upon all occasions. Still the people remained unconvinced. Thousands of burned heretics had not made a convert." Many have seers a picture representing an old man and his daughter reading a Bible, and looking up in evident fear that they are going to be detected. It was not safe to read the Bible when these INSTRUMENTS OF TORTURE IN A ROOM OF THE INQUISITION AT THE HAGUE On the rude cross the victim of religious persecution was laid, while the heavy hammer was being used in breaking his bones. In the little box on the pedestal the witnesses were expected to drop contributions for the victim's widow. came linked with the empire of Spain, and Charles V, who became emperor in. 1516, issued a series of imperial edicts of suppression intended to snuff out Protestantism in his realm. The reading of the Bible was forbidden, and the dis-cussion of religion even in one's own house was likely to be followed by the death penalty. We are told in " Historians' History," Vol. XIII, page 378, that " the edicts were no dead letter. The fires were kept constantly supplied with human fuel by monks, whb knew the art of burning  fanatical followers of Rome were ruling. In 1555 Charles gave up his throne to his son Philip II, who with much more vehemence continued the work of re-pression, and introduced in all its fury the Inquisition, which has been described as " a machine for inquiring into a man's thoughts, and for burning him if the re-sult is not satisfactory." The plan of the Inquisition was, briefly, to torture suspected heretics un-til, in their agony, they confessed that they were guilty, and then they were usually burned. 