4  LIBERTY Christian Citizenship " CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP " is the name of a new movement which has for its object the regeneration of society by means of Christian laws, made and administered by Christian men. It aims at purifying pol-itics and converting the nation rather than at preaching the gospel and saving men individually. The keynote of this movement was struck at the annual meeting of the National Re-form Association, held at Allegheny, Pa., Nov. 16, 1893, by Rev. H. H. George, its secretary, in the following words : Ñ I never will say a word disparagingly of evangelistic work. But I do think the church is making a mistake in so confining herself to that work, as if the prospect of saving the soul was the great end. The tremendous power of the government is against us. If that were not so, they would be converted by nations, so to speak. But when the government is against the conver-sion of nations, we are moving against the tremendous machinery of the government in working for the conversion of men. . . . I do not know but it would be better to stop evangelistic effort, if possible, if this other work would be made successful, and go to converting men by nations rather . than to try to save one man against the tre-mendous machinery of a nation like this, whose influence is very largely against the conversion of souls; while, if it could be turned in that direction, they could be saved by thousands instead of one. So I think the great question of the hour is the conver-sion of this nation to Christ. Since this idea has become prevalent there has been a marked change in the methods of Christian workers. Pastors and evangelists have come to devote less time to revival work, and more to political reforms. The brethren of the congrega- tions have been counseled to " leave the prayer-meetings with the sisters, and at-tend the primaries," and " pull wires for the kingdom of God." They have been told that " when the primary and the prayer-meetings are held on the same night, the true prayer-meeting is the primary." It is well known that the National Re-form Association has for many years urged that the salvation of the people of the United States depended upon securing an amendment to the national constitution, ac- cepting Christ as the ruler of the nation, and placing " all the Christian laws, institu- tions, and usages of our government on an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." By this it is hoped to convert the nation. All members of this association are therefore greatly encour-aged by the change which this Christian Citizenship movement has wrought in the methods of church work. Thus Rev. J. T. McCrory, of Pittsburg, Pa., a leading Na-tional Reformer, and for some time presi-dent of the Pennsylvania Christian En-deavor Society, said a few years ago : Ñ Let me call your attention first to the fact that the aspect of the cross is undergoing a great change in this regard. There was a 'time, not so long ago either, when the cross was viewed almost exclusively in reference to the salvation of the individual. . . . Now, if I understand it aright, it is one purpose of this great Endeavor movement to en-throne Christ in our national life. If national religion instead of personal piety is a thing to be desired, then Chris-tians have reason to rejoice at the depar-ture from the old paths of Christian work. If devoting less time to saving men as indi-viduals and more time to saving them as nations is an indication of a return to apostolic power and purity, and will ad-vance the kingdom of God, then the omens are indeed promising. If, however, this change indicates a departure from gospel methods and ideas, and means the secular-ization and degradation of religion,Ñ a union, in fact, of church and state,Ñthen every move in this direction should be a cause for alarm to every Christian. There are many who deplore this new de-parture. They see in it a movement away from New Testament practises and prin-ciples. The Herald and Presbyter says: Ñ The gospel began its mission for the ren-ovation of the world with the exhortation, " Repent and be baptized every one of you." It did not direct its efforts to institutions, but to individuals. And so it must be now. So it will be if the Spirit is poured out. To talk about the revival of civic righteous-ness as the great need of the times is re-versing the divine order; it is putting the effect before the cause; it is trying to build the house without gathering the material. We can not have a Christian city without Christian citizens. Men's hearts must be 