LIBERTY 7 *-Ł Rome and the Laws of Nations IT is the claim of a portion of the American branch of the Roman Catholic hierarchy that the pope does not inter- fere in the political affairs of nations; but from Bourdeaux, France, come' two despatches, bearing date of June 14 and 15, which are in themselves a very de-cided refutation of that doctrine. The first of these despatches reads: Š When Cardinal Andrieu appeared in court to-day to answer the summons of the judge charging him with having in-cited a breach of the laws by the allocu-tion which he pronounced at the cathe-dral on the occasion of his enthronement, he was acclaimed by an immense crowd of Catholics. The cardinal told the judge that he came as an act of courtesy Š not because he recognized the competence of the court. He said he had spoken as a bishop, and that he was answering only to his conscience, the pope, and God, and declared that he assumed full responsi-bility for his words, in which he main-tained the right to distrust the laws of the republic when these were prejudicial to the free exercise of religion. When the cardinal emerged from court, he was again acclaimed. Women fell on their knees and kissed his ring, while young Catholics cheered. The second despatch reads:Š Cardinal Andrieu, who has been sum-moned to court, charged with having in-cited a breach of the laws by the allocu-tion he pronounced at the cathedral on the occasion of his enthronement, has sent-  a letter to the judge, in which he formally refuses to appear in court to an-swer any charge in connection with the separation law. The cardinal writes:Š " That law became non-existent for Catholics the minute their supreme chief Š the incorruptible guardian of the mor- als of individuals and nations Š con-demned it as inimical to the property, au-thority, and liberty of the church." The contents of these two despatches reveal the true attitude of the Roman hierarchy toward the laws, not of France alone, but of every nation of the world.  When the Supreme Court declares any law unconstitutional, that law, from that moment, becomes non-existent. Now here is a religious organization, whose headquarters are at Rome, which arro-gates to itself the right to decide the constitutionality or unconstitutionality of any law passed by any nation in the world, and the right also to release all its subjects from obedience to any law passed by any nation in the world. That is, it sets itself up as the supreme court of the world, with authority to declare non-existent any law in the world. When that hierarchy makes itself the supreme court of the world, it does by that same token make its head Š the pope Š the " Lord of lords and King of kings." Thus does it fulfil that descrip-tion of the " man of sin " which was to oppose and exalt himself " against all that is called God or that is worshiped; so that he sitteth in the temple of God, setting himself forth as God." 2 Thess. 2: 3, 4. And by that very development does Inspiration warn us of the approach of the great day of final awards. See 2 Thess. 2: 1-12. Americans should not forget that the hierarchy which is now speaking smooth things in this country is a branch of the same system that is now flouting the laws of France, and the ultimate author-ity over the cardinals and the laity of both countries is in the person of the pope. While Cardinal Gibbons of Amer-ica speaks the language of expediency and diplomacy, Cardinal Andrieu of France is speaking the language of fact. He who assumes to declare the laws of a nation non-existent places himself above the lawmaking power of that nation. Rome has done that in France. When will she do it in America? Cardinal Andieu of France declares that laws be-come non-existent so soon as the pope condemns them. Cardinal Gibbons de-clares: " Amid the continual changes in 