174 LIBERTY Today it lowers o'er this great, free land,Š O'er farms and workshops, offices and spires,Š Its baleful shadow casts on every hand, And darkens church and state and household fires. It is a thing to pity and to blame, A useless, vile, humiliating shame, A silent slander on the heaven-born soul, Decked with the signet of its own control, A flaw upon the image of our God, When men, obedient to some mogul's nod,Š When men, the sockets of whose addled brains Are blessed with some illuminate remains Wherefrom the glim of reason still is shed,Š Blow out the light, and send their wits to bed; And, taking as their sole dictator, then, Some little thundering god of speech or pen, Aping submissively the smile or frown Of some great brazen face that beats them down, Or, silenced by some lubricated tongue Covered with borrowed words and neatly 'hung, They yield their judgments up to others' wills, And take grave creeds like sugar-coated pills ; And, with their weakness tacitly con-fessed, Like the unfeathered fledglings of a nest When the old bird comes home with worms and flies Š With half a smile and half a knowing frown, They open wide their mouths, and shut their eyes, And seem to murmur softly, " Drop it down." He who will creep about some great man's feet, The honeyed fragrance of his breath to meet, Or follow him about, with crafty plan, .And cringe for smiles and favors, is no man. A fraction of a man, and all his own. Although his numerator be but one, With unity divided up so fine That thousands range themselves beneath the line,Š Aye, one so insignificantly small That quick accountants count him not at all,Š Is better far, and vastly nobler, too, Than some great swelling cipher among men, Naught of itself, and nothing else to do Except to help some little one count ten! Let us e'en strike, with courage true en-dowed, Straight at the center of this murky cloud, And sweep its worthless vapor from the earth. Take sense for coin; opinions at their worth ; Conviction at its cost; dictation, when Cur minds and souls are bankrupt Šhardly then! When Freedom's sons and daughters will do this, Our land will know a day of happiness. The Church and Politics IN one of the leading daily papers there recently appeared a lengthy and caustic editorial against the liquor traffic. The writer thoroughly agreed with it. But on another page in the advertising columns there appeared the advertise-ments of several large whisky houses. This struck the writer as rather incon-sistent and incongruous Š denunciation and approbation in the same breath. If one rightly interprets the New Tes-tament, the function of the church is spiritual. It is one of peace and light, education and reform, social betterment and moral elevation, as it fulfills its mis-sion in propagating the gospel. Its one weapon is the sword of the Spirit. Its one aim is the glorification of God in evangelizing the world. But recently the writer saw a subscription blank, which was circulated by an avowedly anti-whisky party, on which was written, " The Church Against the Saloon." This organization is in politics. It proceeds on the assumption that the end justifies the means. It nominates candidates and 