LIBERTY 75 reported thus on the Sunday-enforce-ment movement : Š Our societies in many localities are urging for a more rigid Sunday observ-ance, and have encouraged the movement for a post-office closing on Sunday. They are also opposing the holding of political rallies on the Lord's day. The Boston Archdiocesan Federation of Catholic Societies adopted this reso-lution : Š We are unalterably opposed to any re-laxation of the Sunday laws. Sunday is a day of rest to be devoted to the praise and service of God. We hold the safest public policy at present is to adhere to the rigid observance of the laws now safeguarding the sanctity of the Lord's day.Š The Pilot, official organ of Cardi-nal O'Connell, Boston, March 16, 1912. Thus at various times have the repre-sentatives of the Roman Catholic Church committed themselves in favor of enforc-ing the observance of Sunday, and the conclusion is therefore justified that there will be a response to the " call to arms " in behalf of this Standard Bill for One Day of Rest in Seven. Ł Such a combination of religious forces urging the enactment of legislation which " means the strengthening of Sunday," has never been known before in the his-tory of this country. If the fifty million adherents of the churches composing the Federal Council of the Churches of Christ in America, and the fifteen million adherents of the Roman Catholic Church unite in demanding the passage of this bill, it will require a conscientious con- viction of right principles, and the cour-age born of such a conviction, to stand against such a powerful federation. In sounding a note of warning against the united efforts of two great organiza- tions to influence legislation, we are sim-ply calling attention anew to principles enunciated nearly a century ago, and at that time accepted by the Congress of the United States. Well worthy of atten-tion, therefore, at this time, are the fol-lowing statements taken from a report communicated to the United States Sen-ate, Jan. 19, 1829, and adopted by that body: Š Extensive religious combinations to ef-fect a political object are, in the opinion of the committee, always dangerous. This first effort of the kind calls for the establishment of a principle which, in the opinion of the committee, would lay the foundation for dangerous innovations upon the spirit of the Constitution, and upon the religious rights of the citizens. If admitted, it may be justly appre-hended that the future measures of the government will be strongly marked if not eventually controlled by the same in-fluence. All religious despotism com-mences by combination and influence; and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institutions of a coun-try, the civil power soon bends under it ; and the catastrophe of other nations fur-nishes an awful warning of the conse-quence. No such extensive religious combina-tion existed in 1829 as is now urging in every State that legislation which " means the strengthening of Sunday." The argument put forth in this quota-tion has, therefore, redoubled force, and the outlook for " religious despotism " seems much more probable. We urge all those who prize civil and religious liberty to protest against this legislation, which plainly appears to us to be a step, and a long one, toward the restriction of the rights of conscience. 