J. W. ABERCROMBIE, LL. D., PRESIDENT UNIVERSITY OF ALABAMA 14 LIBERTY they to do that, the nation would spring to arms in its own defense as it did in 1861. But these organizations are rally-ing professedly under the banner of the Prince of Peace. The demands they make are made ostensibly in the interests of the Redeemer's kingdom of righteousness. Therein lies the danger. What the Movement Proposes This attack began as an organized movement i n 1863, with the birth of the National Reform Asso-ciation, whose object is so to amend the national Constitution that it shall acknowledge Almighty God as the source of all power and authority in Nor is this all. The organization, through its late president, Rev. Dr. S. F. Scovel, has declared that " uniformity [in religion] is essential both to peace and progress. The opinion of the ma-jority must be decisive. Even in the matter of men's consciences, a de-gree of uniformity is necessary." At War With the National Constitution Our national Constitu-tion, by its wise provi-sions, guarantees freedom in belief and in religious worship. By protecting the people against an es- tablished religion, i t places all men on an equality, no matter what UNIVERSITY OF ALABAMA (MORGAN HALL), FOUNDED 1831 government, Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations, and his revealed will as of supreme authority; that it shall abolish the guarantee of " no religious test " for employees of the government, and in its place put a religious test requirement ; that it shall declare the revealed will of God to be the supreme law of the land instead of the will of the majority of the people. their religious belief. Under the Consti-tution as it now is, every man may wor-ship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, without suffering any civil or political disability therefor. Under the Constitution as revised by the National Reform Association and its allies, there would be no guarantee of the religious freedom of any soul within the nation. If uniformity in religion is nec- 