56  LIBERTY Virginia, where religious liberty is placed on its true ,foundation, and is defined in its full latitude. The general principle is contained in her declaration of rights, prefixed to her constitution ; but it is un- folded and defined, in its precise extent, in the act of the Legislature, usually named the Religious Bill, which passed into a law in the year 1786. Here the separation between the authority of hu-man laws and the natural rights of man, excepted from the grant on which all political authority is founded, is traced as distinctly as words can admit, and the limits to this authority established with as much solemnity as the forms of legis-lation can express. The law has the fur-ther advantage of having been the result of a formal appeal to the sense of the Community, and a deliberate sanction of a vast majority, comprising every sect of Christians in the State. This act is a true standard of religious liberty; its principle, the great barrier against usur-pations on the rights of conscience. As long as it is respected and no longer, these will be safe. Every provision for them short of this principle will be found to leave crevices at least, thro' which big-otry may introduce persecution ; a mon-ster that feeding and thriving on its own venom gradually swells to a size and strength overwhelming all laws divine and human. Ye States of America which retain in your constitutions or Codes, any aberration from the sacred principle of religious liberty by giving to Caesar what belongs to God, or joining together what God has put asunder, has-ten to revise your systems, and make the example of your Country as pure and complete, in what relates to the freedom of the mind and its allegiance to its maker, as in what belongs to the legiti-mate object of political and civil insti-tutions. Strongly guarded as is the separation between Religion and Government in the Constitution of the United States, the danger of encroachment by Ecclesiastical Bodies may be illustrated by precedents already furnished in their short history. The most notable attempt was that in Virginia to establish a general assessment for the support of all Christian sects. This was proposed in the year 178 . . . by Patrick Henry and supported by all his eloquence aided by the remaining prejudices of the sect which before the Revolution had been established by law. The progress of the measure was ar-rested by urging that the respect due to the people required in so extraordinary a case an appeal to their deliberate will. The Bill was accordingly printed and published with that view. At the instance of Col. George Nicholas, Col. George Mason and others, the memorial and re-monstrance against it was drawn up 1  and printed copies of it circulated thro' the State to be signed by the people at large. It met with the approbation of the Bap-tists, the Presbyterians, the Quakers, and the few Roman Catholics universally; of the Methodists in part; and even of not a few of the sect formerly established by law. When the Legislature assembled, the number of copies and signatures pre-sented displayed such an overwhelming opposition of the people, that the plan of a general assessment was crushed under it, and advantage taken of the crisis to carry thro' the Legislature the Bill above referred to, establishing religious liberty. In the course of the opposition to the Bill in the House of Delegates, which was warm and strenuous from some of the minority, an experiment was made on the reverence entertained for the name and sanctity of the Saviour, by proposing to insert the words " Jesus Christ " after the words " our Lord " in the preamble, the object of which would have been to imply a restriction of the liberty defined in the Bill, to those professing his reli-gion only. The amendment was dis-cussed, and rejected, the opponents of the amendment turned the feeling as well as judgment of the House against it, by successfully contending that the better proof of reverence for that holy name would be not to profane it by making it 1  By Madison. It may be found in Vol. II, p. 183, of The Writings of Madison.Ñ G. H. 