42 LIBERTY iarly fit to exercise on behalf of all our people the duties of the office to which I have appointed him. In no case does the man's religious belief in any way in-fluence his discharge of his duties, save as it makes him more eager to act justly and uprightly in his relations to all men. " The same principles that have ob-tained in appointing the members of my cabinet, the highest officials under me, the officials to whom are intrusted the work of carrying out all the important policies of my administration, are the principles upon which all good Amer-icans should act in choosing, whether by election or appointment, the men to fill any office, from the highest to the low-est' in the land. Yours, truly, " THEODORE ROOSEVELT. " Mr. J. C. Martin, Dayton, Ohio. "Washington, Nov. 6, 1908:' Progress Toward a Union of Church and State in the United States W. A. COLCORD FOR the first time in the history of the world the people of the United States of America established a national govern-ment upon the principle divinely ordained of God in Judea, in the words, " Render to Cxsar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's,"Šthe principal of separation of church and state. It thus became the first truly Christian nation in the world, not in the sense that the Christian re-ligion was the established religion of the nation, but that the national gov-ernment was founded upon the Chris-tian idea of civil government, which is that it should be civil, and not relig-ious; that it should concern itself with civil affairs, and not with religious af-fairs ; and that it should content itself with seeing to it that men behave them-selves in a civil manner, and not attempt to compel them to act religiously ; in other words, that church and state should be separate. In like manner, the United States gov-ernment was the first truly Protestant government in the world, not in the sense that the Protestant religion was made the established religion of the government, but in the sense that the government was founded on the Protestant idea of government, that of separation of church and state, which is the very opposite of an established religion enforced by law. But from almost the first there have been those claiming to be both Christians and Protestants, who knew so little of this divine, Christian, and Protestant idea of civil government that they have ever been seeking to overturn matters in this government, and " place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our gov-ernment on an undeniably legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." In their mistaken zeal for religion, and their false idea of the province and purposes of civil government, they have desired that this government should repudiate this principle upon which it was founded, that of separation of church and state, and adopt the old idea, which has been the curse of the ages,Š that of an es-tablished religion, a union of church and state, or religion enforced by law. And this mistaken, unchristian, un- Protestant idea of government has been growing in this country, until the Su- preme Court of the United States has proclaimed to the world that " this is a Christian nation ; " grown until Con- gress has been influenced to pass a number of Sunday - closing measures ; grown until there is such a general clamor among the religious leaders of the coun- try for national religious legislation that there are at the present time no fewer than ten Sunday bills pending in Congress ; grown until a member of the Supreme Court of the United States has presided at a Sunday-law mass-meeting, and pleaded as a reason why the national government should pass a Sunday law, the fact that nearly all the States have Sunday laws ; grown until petitions with millions of signatures are being rolled in upon Con-gress, the president, and the president's 