LIBERTY 181 the discourses I had read against a prac-tice so diametrically opposite to the gen-uine spirit of our holy religion, I did not remember to have seen this chapter quoted; nor did I recollect having read it, though no stranger to my Bible. " Next morning, turning to the book of Genesis, I found there was no such chapter, and that the whole was a well-meant invention of my friend, whose sal-lies of humor, in which he is a great mas-ter, have always a useful and benevolent tendency. " With some difficulty I procured a copy of what he pretended to read, which I now send you for the entertainment of your readers." The Testimony of an Eminent Attorney W. F. MARTIN IN the year 1885 the exemption clause of the Sunday law for Arkansas was re-pealed. Before this, those who were ob-servers of the seventh day could freely go about their labors on Sunday. The repeal of this exemption clause was a signal for a series of religious persecu-tions, marked by extreme rigor. Good men who were devoted Christians, and who had the courage of their convictions, were arrested, and many of them sent to prison. This for quietly working in their fields on Sunday, after having wor-shiped on the Sabbath. I well remember as a lad, standing in the court room in the old town of Fay-etteville and witnessing the trial and con-viction of some of these God-fearing citizens, as well as visiting some of them while they were serving prison sentences. Not long since it was my lot to be back in Arkansas, having been called there by the death of my aged father, who was one of those tried for their faith at the time already mentioned. On my return West, I rode for several miles with the lawyer who defended the ac-cused at that time. This gentleman is eminent in his profession, being ac-counted one of the best lawyers in the  Southwest. The conversation drifted back to the trials, and he spoke of the impression they made on his mind. Some time later a most interesting letter was received from him, in which, after referring to our conversation, he said : Š I am an intense believer in religious liberty, as well as the fullest liberty of thought and action consistent with good citizenship. I trust the day will come, not only in this country, but everywhere, when the lines of tolerance in every walk of life may be broadened and ex-tended, to the end that men may be permitted to follow the dictates of an honest judgment, without criticism or condemnation from any source. All lovers of liberty and justice will certainly join in the wish for the day to come speedily when freedom will be granted all, and when all may be free to follow the dictates of their consciences in religious worship. There is a mighty trend otherwise, however ; and unless the friends of true liberty are constantly on their guard, the great principles of Amer-ican justice and liberty will be over-thrown. Sunday laws and other religious meas-ures are a turning back from liberty to the spirit of the seventeenth century, where a dominant religion ruled over the bodies and minds of men. Santa Ana, Cal. of THE modern " reformers " who are so anxious to have God and Christianity legally recognized in the federal Consti-tution are laboring hard to convince men that God rules through representatives. The sequence of their logic is that they are the true representatives of God and Christianity, and that their interpreta-tions of what constitutes the true reli-gion should be legally recognized and en-forced by human laws. Whenever such an unholy union of church and state is perfected in America, we shall see what former generations saw under a similar combination, the church again cursing the dissenter as a heretic worthy only of the stake, and the state condemning him as a seditious traitor utterly unfit to live. 