A Fair Field and No Favors 94 LIBERTY everything Jewish has been instilled into the minds of these religiously superstitious Euro-pean peoples, by a bigoted clergy which has controlled the state, it is not to be won-dered at. The Jews have always been a persecuted people in European countries where they were scattered during the days following the capture and destruction of their city by the Romans. They were unwelcome wherever they went, and this hatred was intensified by religious fanatics of a church which had lost the principles of love taught by its Founder, and which dis-played a spirit of persecution toward all non-conformists. But this doctrine of hatred is anti-Christian. It was never taught or sanctioned by Jesus q q By Heber H. Votaw HIS platform was on a busy street cor-ner. It was Saturday night and the crowds were thick. The speaker was calm, collected, and apparently in the best of humor. The group gathered about his stand manifested keen interest. The subject was timely and the manner of its presentation was engaging. While none showed any personal hostility, there were some who disagreed with the opin-ions advanced, and these interrupted with a bombardment of questions. The speaker an-swered good-naturedly. One from the crowd was persistent, and to the close listener it was apparent that his design was to lead away from the subject. But the " orator " of the evening was a seasoned campaigner, and was quick to see the purpose of the scheme, so he digressed just a moment. With a smile that was sure to disarm prej-udice and a slight wave of the hand, he said: " Oh, my friend, years ago, when I was very young, very inexperienced, I tried to answer every question that any one asked. I found that it did not pay. I feel that I have a defi-nite message. I must give it, and I can't al-low myself to be turned aside from it. How-ever, I'll give you some good advice. I secured from the mayor the privilege of speaking from this spot. Across the street is a vacant place; you go and get permission to occupy it, and if you have any definite, constructive, political ideas to explain, do so over there. And," he added, " if all my audience leaves me and goes to you, I shall not complain. If I can't hold  Christ. Love to friend and foe characterized all his life and works; and even while hanging on the tree, paying the penalty for man's trans-gressions, he remembered his own people, and implored the forgiveness of God for them. While it is true that certain Jewish rulers were instrumental in bringing about Christ's conviction because they envied his prestige with the people, yet the guilt of this act can no more be laid to the Jews than to all man-kind, for whose sins the Prince of Glory was put to death. If Christ himself held nothing against the Jewish people, and never taught a word of hatred against even an enemy, how can these acts of modern Jewish persecution be justified by a Christian country? an audience by the worth of the things I have to say, I don't deserve a hearing. I do not ask that other speakers be kept off the streets or that places q q which attract men and women be closed. I only ask that I may  not be interrupted while I talk." I recite this incident because it comes to my mind every time I read that preachers are agitating for the enactment or enforcement of blue laws Š Sunday-closing statutes so strict that men will go to church because they can go to no other place. Such ministers are, seemingly, unwilling to compete in an open, fair-play manner for the attention of men. They appear less generous than those whom they attack. The message they bear lacks force and fervor. No impelling power goes with it. Lacking that which draws men, they appeal for laws to drive them. I utterly fail to understand what satisfaction could be found in addressing an audience, no matter how large, if individual interest on the part of those composing it is lacking. Laws closing other public places on Sunday will not cause men to attend church services. Other laws compelling attendance would have to be passed. But no law could control their minds while in church, and no legislation could change their hearts. Further, every thinking man knows that laws pertaining to the con-science, if enforced, make either martyrs or hypocrites. Luther, Wesley, Moody, and thousands of lesser lights never lacked eager listeners, and never invoked earthly laws to obtain them. Let preachers not belittle, by an appeal to the arm of flesh, the spiritual power they have a right to claim. Let them be so sure of the righteous-ness of their cause and the purity of their pur-pose that, even though the devil should start opposition just across the street, they need not fear the loss of their audiences. 