CAPITOL BUILDING, ST. JOHN'S, NEWFOUNDLAND 32 LIBERTY and sincerely protest. It is impossible to stop the overshadowing curse of sin by civil law Š as well seek to lasso an ava-lanche with a tow string, or dip the ocean dry with a teaspoon. Its reign in the human heart can be checked only by the power of God in the soul. We urge upon the church of God, that she seek for the power of the Holy Spirit and for spiritual weapons, rather than the power of man and the sword of Caesar. The Sunday,Law Campaign in Newfoundland C. H. KESLAKE THE long arms of the Sunday-law movement are reaching into all parts of the world. One of its ten-tacles is now fastened upon the island of New-foundland, and desperate efforts are to be made to swing this country into line with all others in the matter of " better Sunday observance." One is perfectly safe in saying that there is no country in the world where Sunday is more strictly observed than in Newfoundland. But like Haman, who was not content with the honors heaped upon him, so long as Mordecai refused to do him homage, the religious teachers are dissatisfied with the man-ner in which Sunday is observed, because such observance does not coincide with their puritanical ideas. Under the plea that the movement is purely in the interests of the oppressed workingman, the Lord's Day Alliance of Newfoundland (organized in 19o7) is seeking to mold public opinion in favor of Sunday. At present the real aim of the movement is being kept in the dark, the principal effort being to keep out of sight the fact that civil legislation is con-templated. This ' emphasizes most stri- kingly the statement, made several years ago by a prominent writer : " The Sun-day movement is now making its way in the dark. The leaders are concealing the true issue, and many who unite in the movement do not themselves see whither the undercurrent is tending. Its profes-sions are mild and apparently Christian ; but when it shall speak, it will reveal the spirit of the dragon." This is absolutely true of the move-ment in this country at the present time. Personal conversations which the writer has had with officials of the alliance show most clearly that there are those now united with that movement who do not see whither the undercurrent is tend- ing. No less a person than the Anglican Bishop of Newfoundland, who is honor-ary president of the alliance, has publicly stated that he is opposed to civil legisla-tion in behalf of Sunday ; others disclaim any desire to go before the legislature to plead for Sunday laws. Thus it was urged by a deputation of the alliance which waited upon the Anglican synod, recently in session in St. John's, to secure the sympathy and influence of that body. At that time the leader, Rev. C. Hackett (Methodist), stated that "the aim of the alliance is not the curtailment of liberty by legislation, but the encouragement of public opinion with regard to the better 