6! LIBERTY 31 termine what part of time, or whether any, has been set apart by the Almighty for religious exercises. On the contrary, among the few provisions it contains, is one that prohibits a religious test, and another which declares that ' Congress shall pass no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.' " Again : " It is perhaps fortunate for our country that the proposition should have been made at this early period while the spirit of the Revolution yet exists in full vigor." Thus it will be seen that our forefa-thers appreciated the fact that Sunday legislation interfered with, and was tanta-mount to an abrogation of, the civil and religious rights of the people as contem-plated in the immortal Declaration and as guaranteed by the Constitution. For one hundred years, or to be more exact, since 1811, repeated attempts have been made to get Congress committed to Sunday legislation. To the credit of the several congresses since that time, this class of legislation has been, and should continue to be, defeated. Sunday legislation was deemed by our forefathers religious legislation, and as such unconstitutional. By what process of reasoning can it be considered other-wise to-day ? Nashville, Tenn. Is It Right? I. H. EVANS YES, is it right for professed Chris-tians, men and women belonging to some Christian church, to insist that Congress or State legislatures enact a law com-pelling the observance of one day of the week as a sabbath? The query is not, Is it right for Christians to keep a sabbath? Of course it is right for every believer in God's Word to keep holy the Sabbath of Jehovah, but that is not the question. The question is, Is it right for professed Christians to insist that Congress enact a law compelling the observance of a sabbath day? We say from our view-point, it is not right. Not only is it not  right, but it is positively antichristian for Chiiistians to act thus. Let us note a few reasons for taking this position. 1. Christ laid down a cardinal prin-ciple when he said, " Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." Anything contrary to this is opposed to the teach-ings of Christ himself. 2. Sabbath-keeping is a part of every Christian's duty toward God. True Sab-bath-keeping is considered by Christians to be as essential to spiritual growth as baptism, the Lord's supper, or refraining from idolatry. Therefore, when Chris-tians ask Congress to enact a Sabbath law, they ask Congress to make a law compelling men to observe a Christian institution, and this is contrary to the teachings of Christ. 3. Christ said that men should " render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's." It is plainly implied what Christ considered as belonging to Caesar: Taxes, customs, tribute, honor, and obe-dience. But Sabbath-keeping is not Caesar's. It is a spiritual thing, and can not be rendered to Caesar. Therefore, asking Congress to compel Sabbath-keeping is asking Congress to require men to do that which only God can righteously require and which can be rendered only to God. 4. The majority of men are not Chris-tians. To compel non-Christian men to observe a Christian institution is to cause them to either believe themselves as good as Christians because they observe that which Christian people require by law (Sabbath-keeping) while they neglect repentance, faith in Christ, baptism of the Holy Spirit, etc., the very essentials of Christianity, without which there is no eternal salvation, thus causing them to lose eternal life; or it causes non-Christian men to hate God and the Chris-tian religion for compelling them to keep a sabbath day when they do not believe in Christianity at all. 5. Most congressmen are politicians. They are under high obligations to pro- 