" The Pharisees believed that ideal Sabbath observ-ance was abstinence from physical effort. and conse-quently they stood all day long on street corners say-ing lengthy prayers " LIBERTY 11 scientious Christians of several sects hold that the seventh day of the week is " the Lord's day," and that they have irrefutable Biblical and historical evi-dence to sustain their contention. It is a fact acknowledged by nearly all well-informed men that there is not a single text in the entire Bible that calls Sunday, the first day of the week, " the Lord's day." No reputable church historian cites an authentic instance for nearly three centuries after Christ, in which the term " Lord's day " was applied to the first day of the week. These facts raise a serious question as to the standing of Sunday as a holy day. But even were there no such question as to the claims of the first day, it would certainly be unwise and contrary to the Constitution of the United States for Congress to pre-sume to settle a re-ligious controversy in favor of any religious sect, no matter how popu-lar or numerous that sect might be, and to establish by civil law the reli-gious tenets of cer-tain sects, to the detriment of oth-ers. All religions and sects in Amer-ica are privileged, under the Consti-tution, to stand on a perfect equality before the law. " The equality of rights is the first of rights," said Charles Sumner. This Act, if it were passed, would compel those who observe Saturday as the Sabbath to keep Sunday also, and thus they would be pe-nalized for holding a faith divergent from the legally established religion. To say  the least, such a law would lack the es-sential quality of justice. This measure aims to prohibit and penalize all " secular business on the Lord's day." Purely " secular business " can be distinguished only as it is con-trasted with purely " religious concerns." This Act, then, must have but one aim, and that is to enforce purely " religious " duties on Sunday. Consequently, it is strictly religious and not civil or secular legislation. The state legitimately can enforce only " secular duties." " Secular business " that is in itself honorable and legitimate on the other six days of the week, cannot be forbidden or penalized on the Lord's day, except on distinctly religious grounds. That which is civilly criminal on one day of the week is a crime on all seven days of the week. It is just as much a crime to steal and murder on Monday as on Sunday. These are criminal acts with which the state has to do. The time element does not determine the nature of an act as to whether it is criminal or not; the quality of an act is affected by the day on which it is commit-ted only when re-ligious obligation is involved. It may be an of-fense toward God to do certain things on `` the Lord's day," or " the Sab-bath of the Lord; " but such offenses are sins against God, and not crimes against the state. We are answerable to God alone for religious offenses, and will have to appear before God's judgment 