")6 LIBERTY KHOULALONKORN, KING OF SIAM pediency. It is not the question of whether certain classes of men ask for legislation. It is not proper to come in here and ask you to pass a kind of leg-islation that will favor certain classes against certain other classes. That ques-tion was well argued out in the Senate when this matter was before the Sen-ate; and one senator, a leader of the Senate, said, " I am not disposed to al-low any class to come and ask for a law that interferes with some man who wants to pursue his calling, simply be-cause some other man does not want to pursue it." A statement has been presented before you here this morning to the effect that this is a bill to put a stop to competition.  I ask you whether legislation de-signed to put a stop to competi-tion is proper legislation. This bill has been designated as a bill for public health. I ask you whether it is any more a bill for the public health than a bill that would compel people to eat at certain hours, or to sleep at certain hours, or a bill that would require them to ventilate their rooms at night in a certain way. When you go onto that ground, you pass 'from the ground of proper legislation. That is a matter of personal right and choice, and the power has not been conferred on any legislative body to make people rest, or to eat, or to sleep at cer-tain hours. The state has no right to en-force either rest or labor except as a punishment for crime. The state can not properly compel the individual either to rest or to work. That is a matter of indi-vidual right, with which the leg-islature ought not to interfere. History of the Bill Now may I call attention, gen-tlemen, to the character of this bill, to the history of the bill, be-cause the history of this bill will, I think, throw some light upon the real purpose and nature of the bill? The first appearance of this bill, or the beginning of it, was on Jan. 14, 1908, when the senator from Alabama intro-duced a bill " requiring certain places of business in the District of Columbia to be closed on Sunday." On April 7, 1908, the same senator introduced S. 6535, a bill " for the proper observance of Sun-day as a day of rest in the District of Columbia." This bill had no exemption clause whatever. Later the senator made a report on this bill, and he sub-stituted for his first bill, the bill requir-ing certain places of business to be closed on Sunday, the second bill requiring a cessation from work on Sunday; but he 