9 thing that repudiates all such instruments as unholy and sinful. . . . Let us be careful how we trample on human liberty or human conscience. Said the apostle, " Every one of us shall give account of himself "Šnot to the Legislature of Massachusetts, not to the Congress of the United States, but Š" to God.".. . It is not profane men, immoral men, who are especially interested in this movement. Far otherwise. They are glad, indeed, of any holiday on which to indulge their ani-mal propensities; but they who go forward in a cause like this must be reformers in principle, and they will assuredly find the evil in the world not with them, but against them. They will find priestcraft on the one hand, and the rabble on the other, joining in a common persecution. Jesus was cru-cified, not by the chief priests and scribes and Pharisees alone, but it needed the pop-ulace to join with them; and then they could nail him to the cross, as they did, between two thieves, for this among other reasons, that he was not of God, because he did not keep the Sabbath day. Threescore years have passed since this plea for religious liberty was uttered, but Garrison's prophecy that " in the course of a few years there will not be a Sab-batical enactment left unrepealed in the United States, if in any part of Christen-dom," has not been fulfilled. On the con-trary there never was a time in the history of the country when there was so deter-mined and so wide-spread an effort to abridge the rights of conscience by religious legislation as now. If the situation in 1848 warranted a convention of the friends of civil and religious liberty to protest against Sunday laws, there is twofold more reason for a rally in 1908. There is a more power-ful combination urging the enforcement of Sunday observance by law, and there is great danger that legislators, under the pressure of a religio-political sentiment which is now crystallizing into a threat to set up the political guillotine, may yield to the unrighteous demand for laws which will oppress the conscience. We hope that Garrison's plea for relig-ious liberty may still have weight. It was of him and his championship of civil and religious liberty that John Bright, the Eng-lish statesman. wrote to James Russell Lowell, " I know of no nobler man than William Lloyd Garrison." " Religion by Motto'' Tins is the interpretation which The In-dependent (New York) gives to the move-ment to restore the motto to the coins. It says: Š Almost unanimously the House of Rep-resentatives has voted that the motto, " In God We Trust," must go back on the gold coins, and the Senate can hardly fail to concur, and we do not believe the President will veto the act. So our nation will be re-ligious again. Even those representatives who never think of God except when they swear, voted for pious gold. Those who trust in gold and not in God voted the lie on the coin. This comment well illustrates the incon-gruity, not to say the absurdity, of religious legislation by irreligious men. But this action will doubtless be cited as one more conclusive proof that this is a Christian nation ! A Legal Rest Day ALTHOUGH there is a union of church and state in England, and an established church, yet the demand for religious liberty is making itself felt. In the recent discus-sion of Lord Avebury's Sunday closing bill in the House of Lords, a statement was made by Earl Beauchamp which was re-ported in the Daily. News (London) as follows: Š The question was not so simple as it seemed. There were large numbers of Sab-batarians [those in favor of the strict ob-servance of Sunday] who regretted the bill on the ground that it allowed more Sunday trading than was really necessary, but he thought he must warn their lordships that there was also an increasing body of opin-ion, especially among trades unions, that it would be better to follow the example of France, and enact a one-day's rest in seven, without insisting that the rest day should be Sunday. In commenting upon this matter the Present Truth (London) says: Š If the general well-being demands that business be dropped one day in the week, that is all that the government is entitled to demand. Where there is a difference of opinion and practise as to which day God requires man to observe for purposes of spiritual refreshment and worship, it would be contrary to religious liberty for any gov- 