102 LIBERTY it demands of us? It pours into our laps a few dollars, wet with tears and stained with human blood; but those same dol-lars were wrung from the people who sought by turning them over to the liquor demon to satisfy an appetite which could not be satisfied Š and liquor had created the appetite. Liquor crea`ed t h e appetite. then pays for a license which will permit him t o attempt t o satisfy it. In the attempt he burns that ap-petite into the human system deeper than ever, and leads its owner a cringing slave at h i s chariot wheels. He pays his li-cense, and then flings in o u r face the wrecks o f manhood, womanhood, and childhood which his ac-tivity was cer-tain to create. The demand to legalize the s a 1 e of liquor is the most HON. J. monstrous proposition ever put before the human race: The cannibal feeds upon human flesh; but the liquor Lemon devour hu- man souls. We think cannibalism is bar-barous, but the licensing of the sale of strong drink by civilize and Christianized communities is wcrse than barbarous. It is so illogical, so inconsistent, so out of harmony with everything that is true and just and sensible and reasonable and appropriate, that there is no adjective which can adequately describe it. It is  the greatest anomaly, the strangest para-dox, of modern times. What could a poisonous serpent pay us that we would consider an adequate compensation for the privilege of striking its deadly fangs into the flesh of our son or daughter? But that is exactly the bargain one makes with the liquor demon w hen he votes to li-cense t h e sale of strong drink. W h a t* could a leop-ard give us that we would consider a suf-ficient bal m for our con-science in granting it the privilege of springing through t h e door of our neighbor's house to slaughter t h e members of his family? But that is vir-tually what one does who votes to license the liquor business in any Ł community. As liquor is the instigator,  of crime, licensing its sale is only another method of licens-ing crime. As liquor robs men of their efficiency, no matter what their calling, to license its sale is virtually to put a premium upon inefficiency. As liquor brews domestic discord and the severing of family ties, to license its sale is to encourage such discord and put pr - miurn upon divorce. In all the history of its existence, liquor has never touched anything that it did not mar and contam-inate and debase. It has built nothing FRANK HANLY, EX-GOVERNOR OF INDIANA 