38 LIBERTY fine, or how many days a man should lie in jail, or work in the chain-gang to atone for his sin? In failing to keep the Sab-bath, no unalienable right of any man bestowed upon him by his Creator was interfered with, and no interference from the state is necessary or proper. " But," it is claimed, " we must pro-tect the day," and this is the object of many bills introduced into legislative bodies. But why must the state pro-tect it? The Sabbath was not estab-lished by the state, for it existed be-fore the state. It is a memorial estab-lished by the Lord himself, and that which he establishes requires no prop from the state to uphold. The pre-cepts and ordinances of Jehovah are able to survive the combined warfare of all the nations of earth. The Dark Ages could not extinguish the torch of truth. Let puny man be calm. God's ordinances no more require the help of civil law than does a planet to keep it in its orbit. As well enact a law to protect Jupiter from being blotted out as a law to preserve the Sabbath. Once the state begins to legislate upon religious questions, such as the observ-ance of the Sabbath, the " precedent is established," and the " desolating scourge " begins. As an example of this, we have only to call attention to a recent experience in South Carolina. That fair State has an iniquitous Sunday law on its statute-books. Recently some honest Christian citizens were in the field picking strawberries. They were seen by a man more than a quarter of a mile away, and as a result were ar-rested and placed on trial for the crime of working on Sunday. Their working hindered no one else from resting, and interfered with the rights of none. But the Sunday law, as all Sunday laws do, places a tool in the hands of , a bigot to make trouble for those who did not be-lieve as he did. This is a fair sample of the result of the state seeking to enforce religion. The only safe plan is to " keep the church and state forever separate." A Determined Attack Upon Protestant Missions C. E. HOLMES ONE of the glories of Protestantism is its missions. They are scattered from pole to pole, bringing spiritual light and blessing to thousands in darkness, and raising them to a higher plane of living. The commission of Christ to preach the gospel to the world has inspired many to pledge their wealth and even their lives to the carrying out of this com-mand; it has laid the foundation of the grand citadel of true Protestantism, which stands for the Word of God alone, and which has been reared by the noble work of Wyclif, Luther, Carey, Judson, Neesima, Gardiner, Butler, and a host of other missionaries. But there is another professedly Chris-tian organization which would destroy this magnificent building, and blot out its history. It is Roman Catholicism. It is strongly opposed to the giving of the pure Word of God to the world. World-wide recognition, and obedience to its dogmas, is the height of its ambition. To this, history abundantly testifies. As the Catholic Church views the la-bors of the Protestant church in' dis-tributing Bibles and disseminating its doctrines among the countries which have long been Catholic strongholds, she is goaded to fury. She fears the conse-quences of Biblical teaching. Speaking of Protestant missions, the magazine Catholic Missions ( January, 1909) says:-- " Let us not delude ourselves with the idea that Protestant missions are a mere sham. With their enormous outlay, they are obtaining remarkable results, and, above all, they are raising a powerful obstacle to the planting of the true Chris-tian faith. There are nations that would to-day be far on the road toward Catholi-cism were it not that when our mission-aries arrived they found that Protestant-ism had already, there as everywhere, done its work of dividing the minds of 