II Ł mstAtvr ŁA mu,Łlittystruv1,.4,0Ł14igoAtimviAmmas41/41.vimgmmim~tv,LPv.stmet,Ł41sAmmti tŁ Ł Ł Ł OppositionFs  to the Interchurch World Movement Ł 4.  [4 'A - int \ Ł t -------- Ł \ Ł Ł 1 Ł swum Ł rio, DECIDED opposition is develop-ing within the Presbyterian de-nomination to the Interchurch World Movement. The Presbyterian Church was one of the prime movers favoring not only a Federal union but an organic union of all the Protestant churches. But now, according to the statement of J. B. Wootan, publicity director of the Presbyterian Church in the United States, the presbyteries of a large number of districts throughout the United States are criticizing the enor-mous waste of means and the multipli-cation of machinery of the Interchurch World Movement, and they have framed a recommendation that the Presbyterian Church withdraw from the last-named $300,000,000 project. The Seattle presbytery, in its criti-cism, declares that " the expenditures of the Interchurch World Movement are ex-cessive, needless, and destructive, as evi-denced by its large costs of rental, its great multitude of employees, its nu-merous and expensive conferences, and its excessive cost of publishing and dis-tributing printed matter, etc., all of which assumes to involve to the extent of $1,000,000 in addition to its normal administration expenses, the boards, and authorized agencies of the church." The objecting presbyteries are going to ask, if the Presbyterian General As-sembly decides to retain its connection with the Interchurch World Movement, for " a limit of authority, and for a limit of the committee's expenses." The Southern Baptist Association, re-cently in session in Washington, took de-cided action in opposition to the Inter-church World Movement, and absolutely refused all overtures to connect with it in any form whatever. 36 There are others who see dangers ahead if all the churches should combine and create a single ecclesiastical machine of power and influence, as was done in the days of Constantine the Great, begin-ning in the fourth century and culminat-ing in the banished Papacy in the sixth. We are not surprised that the plea is made for " a limit of authority " to be placed upon an ecclesiastical body of such gigantic proportions. Many of the churches that compose this ecclesiastical " world merger " have already mani-fested a disposition to " reform " polit-ical legislative bodies and define their duties for them. These churches have gone upon record time and again as fa-voring a national law compelling all peo-ple zealously to observe Sunday as a day of rest and worship. Even at the present moment, Congress is being condemned in strong terms by fifteen of these denomi-nations because it has steadfastly refused to legislate upon this subject for the Dis-trict of Columbia, over which it has leg-islative jurisdiction. More than ninety years ago the United States Senate saw the danger involved in this kind of legislation and in the churches combining for the purpose of bringing influence to bear upon Congress. At that time certain churches joined hands and secured the introduction of the first Sunday bill in Congress. The United States Senate, through an authorized committee of which Colonel Johnson, of Kentucky, was chairman, gave special consideration to this sub-ject. The committee made a very lengthy report, and the Senate adopted it as ex-pressive of its sentiments. We quote a paragraph from this memorable Senate document relative to the subject under consideration : 