LIBERTY he that troubleth Israel? " is an old ex-cuse brought against the one who breaks away from dull formality and plows up new ground. The initiation of all wise advance moves ever has come, and must ever continue to come, from indi-viduals. Again, we will say they are eccentric ; but the mere fact that there are so few eccentrics is the chief danger of the times. Moses, in the crisis, stood alone in the gate of the camp. Others caught the spirit and rallied to his side. After all is said, the single individual  with right on his side, is stronger than the multitude who trail along with no settled purpose, save that of seeking their ease. " God give us men. The time demands Strong minds, great hearts, true faith, and willing hands; Men whom the lust of office does not kill; Men whom the spoils of office cannot buy ; Men who possess opinions and a will ; Men who have honor; men who will not lie; Men who can stand before a demagogue And dam his treacherous flatteries without winking; Tall men, sun-crowned, who live above the fog In public duty and in private thinking." INNOCENT ENTREATIES BECOME OPPRESSIVE COMMANDS By Frank A. AGOVERNOR'S proclamation urging every citizen in the State to go to Sunday school, is an inno-vation among modern official documents. This paper, signed by Governor Stephens of California, named November 4, last, as " Go-to-Sunday-school Day," expressed his confidence in the Sunday schools, and urged everybody to attend on the day designated. The proclamation is said to be in line with a national movement. As given in the daily press, it reads as fol-lows: " The future of the State of California depends in a large measure upon the training and education of the young peo-ple of the present generation. In that training and in the upbuilding of the characters of the youth, no influence is more powerful than that of our Sunday schools. I am a firm believer in the effi-cacy of their work, and I feel that the people of this State should do everything possible to encourage and inspire those who are devoting themselves to the furtherance of Sunday school endeavor. " I do, therefore, designate and set apart Sunday, November 4, as Go-to-Sunday-school Day, and urge all persons to attend the Sunday school of their choice on that day." Coffin This proclamation appears to be inno-cent enough. But between officially urg-ing all citizens to attend church on Sun-day and commanding them to do so, is only a step. Pressure by misguided religious organ-izations is constantly being exerted upon our lawmakers, to induce them to enact Sunday-closing laws. The action by Cal-ifornia's governor, probably taken at the request of at least one of these organi-zations, shows that the ultimate object of these agencies is to secure laws com-pelling all, not only to rest on Sunday, but also to attend church on Sunday. Milder Sunday laws may first be promul-gated, but once on the statute books, amendments will he added, making them most obnoxious. No Sunday law ever has been or can be enacted which will be in harmony with the principles of justice and democracy. To worship or not to worship is a ques-tion to be decided by the individual con-science, not by the state. When the state attempts to compel worship, it succeeds only in making martyrs or hypocrites Šhypocrites of those who do not believe in the sort of worship the state prescribes, but who submit to its mandate; martyrs of those who believe in a different sort 