18 LIBERTY representative, is usurping authority, and violating the rights of individual con-science. After thoroughly considering the argu-ments presented, the committee on preamble and bill of rights presented the follow-ing: Š " We, the people of the State of Okla-homa, invoking the guidance of the Su-preme Ruler of the universe, in order to secure and perpetuate the blessings of civil and religious liberty; to insure just and rightful government; and to promote our mutual welfare and happiness, do ordain and establish this constitution." This proposition was modified in the com-mittee of the whole house, so that it now reads: Š " Invoking the guidance of Almighty God, in order to secure and perpetuate the blessings of civil and religious liberty; to insure just and rightful government; and to promote our mutual welfare and happi-ness, we, the people of Oklahoma, do ordain and establish this constitution." In explaining the phraseology as reported by the committee to the house, the chairman stated that as there was a strong demand on the one side to commit the constitution to religious doctrines, and a desire by others to see religious references omitted, the com-mittee thought wise to compromise the matter by employing an expression that would not be offensive to any, and could be appropriated by all. Another member stated that if he were framing a statement of belief for himself alone, he would desire to express his personal convictions, but as he was speaking for all the people in this statement, and there were many different faiths and convictions regarding the matter of divine obligation, and as he had no au-thority to speak for the people on such a matter, he considered that the least said the better, leaving the individual to express his own convictions. Others argued against this consideration of individual rights or convictions. It is evident that the " compulsory gos-pel " theory is gaining ground in proportion to the loss of spiritual power among the churches. All believers in the spiritual gospel of Christ should be alert and active. That gospel is needed to-day. It plainly distinguishes between the sphere of the spiritual and the civil. Jesus, its author, said : " Render therefore unto Caesar the  things which are Cmsar's; and unto God the things that are God's." Caesar (civil government) has his place and 'work, and to him men owe allegiance in civil affairs; but it is the inalienable right of every man to render to God such worship, and such only, as accords with the dictates of his own conscience. Into the spiritual realm Caesar can not rightfully enter. Sunday,Closing Crusade in Willimantic, Conn, K. C. RUSSELL THE city of Willimantic, Conn., has a strict Sunday ordinance which prohibits all kinds of amusements, the sale of cigars, newspapers, etc. The measure, however, has practically been obsolete in that city until a few weeks ago, when the local W. C. T. U. organization discovered that it might be awakened from its slumbering condition and quickened into new life. An effort was therefore directed against a moving-picture entertainment that was be-ing conducted Sunday evenings in the opera-house. The manager of the opera-house was told by those who were leading in the crusade that it was not because the performance was objectionable in itself, but because it was against the law. After the manager had been ordered by the mayor of the city to discontinue his Sunday performances, he, upon receipt of this information, proceeded to have all other lines of Sunday business stopped. Conse-quently, Sunday, January 13, everything was ordered closed. On the evening of that day a lecture was delivered in the opera-house on the principles of religious liberty and the evils of Sunday legislation. A large audience assembled to hear the theme dis-cussed. W. R. Andrews, Secretary of the Con-necticut Religious Liberty Bureau, presided at the meeting. In his introductory address he emphasized the idea that the Religious Liberty Bureau was there at its own ex-pense, and was in no way connected with, or in sympathy with, the theater business, but believed that if people desired to attend a place of amusement on Sundays, they had as good a right to do so from a civil point of view, as others had to attend church on that day. 