66 LIBERTY by taxes collected from all the people, yet we are not urging a campaign to en-force the application of this theory in cases where no objection is raised to the reading of the Bible, but any individual has a right to enter complaint against the practise, and to such complaint there is no sufficient answer. The Pennsylvania House of Repre-sentatives was unwise enough to pass this bill, and this fact suggests the necessity of conducting a campaign of education concerning the fundamental principles of religious liberty and the rights of con-science. There is danger that they may be forgotten. Notes by THE following notes concerning the religious liberty campaign which was carried on in many of the cities and towns along the Pacific Coast may be of general interest :Š . I was a week late in joining Messrs. Corliss and Martin, and so had to forfeit the pleasure of attending the large meet-ings at Walla Walla, Spokane, Tacoma, Yakima, and Bellingham, but I had the privilege of assisting at Seattle, Olympia, Portland, Salem, Eugene, Cottage Grove, Roseburg, Grants Pass, and Medford. We are now planning to tour all the larger cities and towns in California. One thing has impressed itself pro-foundly upon my mind in this campaign, and that is the liberty-loving spirit which exists in the hearts of the people in the Pacific Coast States. I find them much more ready to stand by and defend relig-ious liberty than I had expected. I can understand now why California has no Sunday law upon its statute-books. It is not a mere " happen so." The people do not want religion enforced by civil law; they believe that the church should attend to her own business, and the state like-wise to hers, without either abetting or interfering with the other. Californians and Arizonians take pride in the fact that their States are the only ones in the Union which maintain the purely Amer-ican idea of a total separation of church and state. Persecution is impossible there, as elsewhere, so long as religious dogmas are not established by law. A the Way people can justly be proud who grant full religious liberty to all citizens alike, who see to it that each individual stands on an equality before the law with every other individual, irrespective of his re-ligious professions and without fear of penalty or persecution. It was certainly interesting to see with what vigor the people in Oregon and Cal-ifornia took hold of the matter of defeat-ing the recent Sunday bills which were introduced by religious societies into their respective legislatures. It was very evident that the business people and the laymen did not want these bills enacted into law. Personally, I met about one hundred business men in Salem at the time the Sunday bill was before the leg-islature, and every one was decidedly opposed to the bill. One prominent busi-ness man said to me: " The preachers tell us when we go to church that the devil is in the people, but I believe the devil is in the preachers when they ask the state to enact Sunday laws." The lay people do not want religious legislation, and they sent their protests to the legislature by the thousands. The ministers who are demanding these Sun-day laws are only making themselves odious in the eyes of their own church-members, and are losing their hold upon them when they ask for religious estab-lishments by law. We had the pleasure of listening to the last feeble, dying gasps of the Oregon Sunday bill after we had worked hard 