26 LIBERTY slaves are those who willingly bend to the yoke. Many important questions are pressing for settlement, but they all shrink into in-significance in comparison with this one, involving as it does the personal liberty of millions. Tariffs, trusts, currency, re-bates, and all such problems will hardly be dealt with wisely by men who are not free, or by courts which are terrorized or insincere.Š St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Dec. II, 1907. The Sword of Islam W. A. SPICER ISLAM, meaning " submission," originally meant, as a religion, submission to God, resignation to his will, even in suffering and persecution. But erelong it came to mean submission to the creed of Mohamme-danism, enforced at the point of the sword. When Mohammed began to formulate the new religion, he accepted many precepts from the Christian Scriptures. " Do unto another as thou wouldst he should do unto thee," was his Arabic rendering of the golden rule. He himself was persecuted by the people of Mecca, as he denounced their idol-worship and proclaimed the faith of Islam. George Sale, translator of the Koran, says of Mohammed's early teach-ing: Š " He declares his business was only to preach and admonish, that he had no au-thority to compel any person to embrace his religion; and that whether people be-lieved or not, was none of his concern, but belonged solely unto God." But when the strong city of Medina es-poused his cause, and Mecca itself surren-dered, the possession of power changed the prophet's policy. The first passage in the Koran authorizing the use of force is said to be that in the twenty-second chapter: " Fight in defense of God's true religion as it behooveth you to fight for the same." The announcement that Islam was to be pre-eminently a religion of the sword was later put forth by Mohammed in these words: Š " Different prophets have been sent by God to illustrate his different attributes : Moses his clemency and providence; Sol-omon his wisdom, majesty, and glory; Jesus Christ his righteousness, omniscience, and power; Š his righteousness by purity of  conduct; his omniscience by the knowledge he displayed of the secrets of all hearts; his power by the miracles he wrought. None of these attributes, however, have been sufficient to enforce conviction, and even the miracles of Moses and Jesus have been treated with unbelief. I, therefore, the last of the prophets, am sent with the sword! Let those who promulgate my faith enter into no argument nor discussion; but slay all who refuse obedience to the law. Whoever fights for the true faith, whether he fall or conquer, will assuredly receive a glorious reward." Unbelievers were offered quick choice of three things,Š immediate conversion, an exemption clause in the form of payment of tribute, or the edge of the sword. Some of the famous advocates of the new relig-ion had themselves professed conversion under pressure. For instance, Abu Sofian, captain of the Mecca forces in opposition to Mohammed, was captured one night and brought before the prophet. Omar de-manded his head, but Mohammed was less hasty. " Well, Abu Sofian,' cried he, is it not at length time to know that there is no other god but God?' " That I already know,' replied Abu Sofian. " Good! and is it not time for thee to acknowledge me as the apostle of God ? ' " Dearer art thou to me than my father and my mother,' replied Abu Sofian, using an Oriental phrase of compliment; but I am not yet prepared to acknowledge thee a prophet.' " Out upon thee ! ' cried Omar, testify instantly to the truth, or thy head shall be severed from thy body.' " Havving plainly the worst of the argu-ment, under the circumstances, Abu Sofian acknowledged the divinity of Mohammed's mission, thus furnishing, says Irving, " an illustration of the Moslem maxim: To con-vince unbelievers, there is no argument like the sword.' " Yet one other illustration of the sword as a weapon in theological argument. This same Omar, when calif successor of the prophet, was preaching in the Moslem camp, a day's march from Jerusalem. He had stated that there was no help for the man whom God should lead into error. "A gray-headed Christian priest, who sat before him, could not resist the opportunity 