nomenegvoicedienast BURIAL HILL, PLYMOUTH, MASS. LIBERTY 25 Religious equality might be said even to be guarded against in the laws which were passed in several of the colonies. It would render this article too long to at-tempt to point out these laws which vio-lated the principles of religious liberty as now understood. (For a partial list, see the book last quoted, pages 36-40.) Among the original colonies one of the most influential was the Massachusetts Bay Colony. Here the Puritans, who had separated from the English Church, formed a union of church and state in which for a time the established church (the Congregational) was their own. In doing this they not only placed on their statute books those laws which have since come to be known as " blue laws," but to quite an extent placed the same mold upon very much of the volume of subse-luent American law. " The government of the new State [Massachusetts Bay Col-ony] was necessarily molded in consistency with the peculiar views of its founders. It was a religious settlement, and the ecclesiastical and civil rights of its members became, accord-ingly, as completely interwoven as those of England were when the queen assumed to be de-fender of the faith and su-preme head of the church."Š' A History of the Puritans and Pilgrim Fathers," Stowell and Wilson, P. 499. New York r888. It may be said in passing, that the Pilgrim Fathers of Plymouth Colony, who were Separatists that emigrated to Holland in 1608, coming to America and establishing the Plymouth Colony in 1620, were equally committed to the theory of the enforcement of religious duties by the state. " Even John Robinson, the renowned Sepa-ratist and canonized pastor of the Pilgrims, defended earnestly the use of magisterial power ' to punish religious actions, he (i. e., the magistrate) being the preserver of both tables, and so to punish all breaches of both, . . . and by some penalty to provoke his subjects universally unto hearing for their in-struction and conversion, yea, to inflict the Łzatne upon them, if after due teaching they  offer not themselves unto the church.' "Š" Re-ligious Liberty," Henry Melville King, p. 70. Providence, R. I.; Preston & Rounds Co., 1903. The practice of the colonists of Plym-outh, however, was better than their theory. If the Massachusetts Bay Col-ony had shown the same toleration as did their neighbors of Plymouth, it is not probable that Roger Williams would have been driven out into the wilderness to found the first settlement established on the principle of the separation of church and state, which ultimately became, in theory at least, the American principle. When the principle of the separation of church and state had become fully estab-lished and recognized in the national Constitution, one would expect that all laws violating this principle would have been removed from the statute books. " But, calmly ignoring the fact that accord-ing to the theory of our American constitu-tions there is not and cannot be any church here by law established, many American judges adopt the English view and still uphold Amer-ican Sunday laws. We are boldly told that the purpose of the compulsory idleness re-quired by these laws is to turn men to the duties of religion,' and enforce the observ-ance of religious duties ; '1  to promote and establish religion among us; ' 2  and to induce the observance of the duties of religion in society ; ' 3  and that the day is wisely recog-nized by law as a day of rest to be devoted to religious contemplation and observance.' 4  Š" The Legal Sunday," pp. 132, 133. George v. George, 47 N. H., 27. 'Duprey's Case, Bright, 44. Kounty v. Price, 40 Miss., 341. 'Moore v Hagan. 2 Duv.. Ken.. 437. 