LIBERTY 23 formulate a constitution, came to draft its fundamental law, this question came up for consideration. As originally framed, Article Sixteen of the Bill of Rights of this constitution provided that " all men should enjoy the fullest toleration in the exercise of religion, according to the dic-tates of conscience." Referring to the discussion which took place over this article, Appleton's " Cyclo-pedia of American Biography," Vol. IV, page 165, says:Š Madison pointed out that this provision did not go to the root of the matter. The free exercise of religion, according to the dictates of conscience, is something which every man may demand as a right, not something for which he must ask as a privilege. To grant to the state the power of tolerating is implicitly to grant to the state the power of prohibiting : whereas Madison would deny to it any jurisdiction what-ever in the matter of religion. The clause in the Bill of Rights, as finally adopted, at his sug-gestion, accordingly deClares that " all men are equally entitled to the free exercise of religion, according to the dictates of conscience." In his work, " Church and State in the United States," page 14, Dr. Philip Schaff says: Š There is a very great difference between tol-eration and liberty. Toleration is a concession which may be withdrawn ; it implies a prefer-ence for the ruling form of faith and worship, and a practical disapproval of all other forms. . . . In our country we ask no toleration for religion and its free exercise, but we claim it as an inalienable right. Another work, Thompson's " Church and State in the United States," page 12, makes the following observation: Š Toleration denotes neither the freedom of religion from state control, nor the equality of all religions before the law. Toleration is the allowance of that which is not wholly approved. Religious liberty, on the other hand, is absolute freedom of religious opinion and worship. In a speech in the House of Lords, in 1827, on a bill for the repeal of the Test and Corporation acts, Lord Stanhope said : Š The time was when toleration was craved by dissenters as a boon. It is now demanded as a right ; but a time will come when it will be spurned as an insult. And in the Sunday mail report adopted by the United States Senate in 1829, the following clear and concise statement was made: Š What other nations call toleration we call religious rights. They are not exercised in virtue of governmental indulgence, but as rights, of which government can not deprive any portion of citizens, however small. Despotic power may  invade those rights, but justice still confirms them. From the foregoing, it is evident that religious toleration implies an established religion, and a reservation on the part of the state of the right to dictate in matters of religion, and it is therefore unchristian and not in harmony with the genius of our government. In view of all this, therefore, with all due respect and modesty, I wish to ask you to consider the propriety and advisability of the expression, " Perfect toleration of religious sentiment," in Section 2 of Article I of the proposed Oklahoma Constitution, being altered to read, " Perfect religious lib-erty," etc. It appears to me that such a change would be highly proper and de- sirable. Respectfully, W. A. COLCORD, Secretary Religious Liberty Bureau. Three days later we received the follow-ing communication from the Attorney-Gen-eral: Š Mr. W. A. Colcord, Secretary Religious Liberty Bureau, Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. SIR: Your letter of the 25th instant to the President in regard to the proposed constitution for the new State of Oklahoma has been referred to this office for acknowl-edgment. You may be assured that what you say will receive careful consideration. Very respectfully, [Signed] CHARLES J. BONAPARTE, Attorney-General. Whether this un-American utterance in the fundamental law of this newest of States will be corrected, we shall await with interest to see. Sunday; Religious or Civils Which ? G. B. THOMPSON IF Sunday is a religious institution, then the state can never properly have anything to say as to its observance; for it is not the province of .the state to settle religious questions, and command the observance of divine precepts. It might be proper for an ecclesiastical council to give consideration to such matters, but the function of the state is not ecclesiastical, but purely polit-ical. Religion is a thing of the heart. It is the personal relation between man and his Creator, and for it we are amenable nowhere, except at the tribunal of the 