Photo by Buck HON. JOHN A. MOON An Eloquent Tribute to Democracy and American Ideals REPRESENTATIVE MOON, chairman of the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, set forth his ideas of the prin-ciples of democracy and the hopes and ideals of the American people, in an eloquent speech delivered before Congress Dec. 16, 1918, of which the following paragraphs are excerpts: " Let us rejoice to see the principles of de-mocracy spreading over the earth; I do not mean a partisan democracy, but that great democratic thought that makes the world rest-less today; that great innate force for good that has actuated men in all the ages Š the love of freedom, the love of justice; that love that finds for its habitat no particular section, but lives the world over; that great spirit of democracy that whispered words of hope into the ears of men before Aaron was a priest, Moses a prophet, or David a king Š ever seeking justice, ever standing for the right Š that spirit that survived the chariot wheels of the pagan warrior, the battle-ax of the Romans, the Inquisi-tion of the Spaniards, and the cannons of Great Britain; that spirit that has lived to kindle the fires on every altar erected to human liberty, that has opened the doors of every temple where men worship their Cre-ator in obedience to their own consciences; that has loosened the shackles of slaves and placed the crown on the brows of the martyrs to truth; that catches the humble boy by the hand and leads him into the path of rectitude and bids him follow it as the only open way to the pinnacles of immortal fame. " That spirit, standing under the shadow of the cross, that has echoed the divine proclama- tion for 2,000 years of ' Peace on earth and good will to men; ' that directed the hand that wrote the Declaration of Independence and hovered over the cradle of the Republic, may it live until every kingdom shall fall and every empire shall be dissolved, that government in obedience to the will of the governed may arise upon their ruins. Then the nations shall know 38  that it was not the hand of man, but the fingers of God that fixed the stars on the flag of the Republic to light the path of liberty through all the ages to come." "But what of the United States/ What return shall we have for the generous gift of $20,000,000,000 of money to the cause of lib- erty/ What shall we have in return for the blood of 'the bravest of the brave 'Š that has been shed under our flag upon foreign lands in the defense of our rights and liberties and in support of the governments of Europe con- tending against the most imperial dynas-ties of all the ages? Nothing, nothing! We seek no reward. We ask no indemnity. We shall quietly with-draw the flag of the Republic from the ban-ners with which it has been associated. Let us pray that it shall be returned over the soldiers of the Union without a star dimmed or a stripe tarnished, still the flag uncom-promised in foreign lands or at home, that shall ever be the em-blem of a great and free people exercising a supreme sovereignty under the Constitu-t i o n, a sovereignty that must not and will not be impaired by treaty or otherwise, either for peace or for any other purpose. We love peace. We fight and die for peace. But the peace that comes to repub-lics by the will of im-perial arbitrators upon any great national is-sue where we desire to protect the constitutional rights and liberties of our people, will not be the peace of free-dom. It will be the peace of slavery. When our boys return, we shall meet them with a greeting that is worthy of them and their valor; and as they bear our standard back to our shores, a hundred million American citizens will salute it. The unconquered banner of an unconquerable people. The flag to liberty given, whose every hue was born in heaven.' " tV SLR !V POLITICAL or civil liberty is perfect freedom of opinion, expression, and action, limited only by the equal rights of others. 