20 0070 LIBERTY Reform Association. Says a Canadian advocate of the same principles : " We must use the gentle methods; but if they fail, we shall be obliged to use stern methods; . . . if this is not agreeable, you will have to leave Canada; . . . and those who protest by word and mouth, and who write against this movement [the movement for enforcing an ordi-nance of the church by the power of the state] ought to be in the penitentiary."ŠRev. Dr. Hill, of the Quebec Lord's Day Alliance. St. Augustine's dark-ages theory is being revived, that, " like wicked servants, men must be brought back to their Lord by the rod of tem-poral punishment." The age in which that doctrine was carried into practise  was the age of persecution. Its adoption in America can produce no other result. With such principles arduously advo-cated by such organizations as the National Reform Association, the Inter-national Reform Bureau, the various Sun-day-enforcement and civic-league organ-izations, the Federal Council of Churches of Christ in America, and others, all working for the enforcement of religious ordinances or customs by human law and penalties, it is too great a tax on cre-dulity to ask us to believe that the days of persecution for conscientious Chris-tians are gone by forever. That threat-ening and hateful cloud looms larger with each passing year. Philadelphia, Pa. Putting God Into the Constitution REV. THOMAS B. GREGORY A NEW political organization is in the field, and its name is the United Christian Party. The object of this party is the reformation of the Constitution of the United States. The immortal document, drafted by master minds, debated for months in the historic convention of Philadelphia, and finally ratified by the States,Š the document which was pronounced by no less a man than the late William E. Glad-stone to be the noblest piece of work that was ever conceived by the human in-tellect,Š is, in the opinion of the new party, a very poor affair after all. The leaders of the new party do not hesitate to say that the Constitution is immoral Š yes, downright wicked. Their reason for this extraordinary charge is simply this : The Constitution does not recognize God. They want the American people to " recognize " God in their Constitution. It was old Dr. Sam Johnson, I believe, who said that while a man might be per-mitted now and then to say a foolish thing, he should not be allowed to in-sist that people should take his foolish-ness seriously. A great many of the people of the United States are religious, but the Con-stitution is purely political. It is the instrument, not of religion, but of govern-ment. It was intended primarily not to be an arm of the church, but to regulate the purely temporal affairs of the people of the United States of America. It is neither religious nor irreligious ; it neither affirms God nor denies him ; it simply attends to its business as the political chart of the great republic. " This is a Christian country," the new party claims. The claim is a false one. It is probably true that the majority of the people in this country profess Chris-tianity, but the nation is neither Christian nor pagan, Catholic nor Protestant, Jew nor Mohammedan. So far as the Constitution is con-cerned, religion is at the option of the citizen. He may have any kind he likes, or none at all if he so pleases. In a word, the government of this country of ours is civil, not an ecclesiastical affair ; an earthly democracy, not a heavenly theocracy. With wisdom, I believe, our fathers concluded to separate the state from the 