LIBERTY 5 " the duty that we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be di-rected only by reason and conviction, and is nowhere cognizable but at the tribunal of the universal Judge." We protest against Sunday laws, because we maintain that " in matters of religion no man's right is abridged by the institu-tions of civil society, and that religion is wholly exempt from its cognizance." We protest against Sunday laws, because it is the very genius of Christianity to grant to every man the right to believe the gospel or not to believe it, to obey the divine law or not obey it; and what the Author of Christianity has granted, no human author-ity has the right to abridge or take away. We protest against Sunday laws, because they commit the law-making body to the settlement of a religious controversy,Š a thing entirely foreign to the purpose for which it was instituted. We protest against Sunday laws, because " the church which connives in the smallest degree at the state's intrusion upon her domain, has abandoned in toto her claims to be a Christian church. . . . She sinks at once to a mere bureau of government."ŠRinggold. We protest against Sunday laws, as every true Protestant ought to do, because Sunday laws will necessarily bring matters of religious faith before the courts for ad-judication, and, as stated in the memorial of the Presbytery of Hanover to the Gen-eral Assembly of Virginia in 1776, " it is impossible for the magistrate to adjudge the right of preference among the various sects that profess the Christian faith with-out erecting a chair of infallibility, which would lead us back to the Church of Rome." We protest against Sunday laws, because (to quote Madison again), " whilst we as-sert for ourselves a freedom to embrace, to profess, and to observe, the religion which we believe to be of divine origin, we can not deny an equal freedom to them whose minds have not yet yielded to the evidence which has convinced us. If this freedom is abused, it is an offense against  God, not against man. To God, therefore, not to man, must an account of it be ren-dered." We protest against Sunday laws, because to enact such laws " will destroy that mod-eration and harmony which the forbear-ance of our laws to intermeddle with re-ligion has produced among its several sects." We protest against Sunday laws, because we are fully convinced that it is for the best interest both of the church and the state that they shall be kept entirely sepa-rate, and that religion will be purer, and civil government more useful to mankind, if no attempt is made to unite the two. We protest against Sunday laws, because they degrade the whole idea of Sabbath observance to a mere outward ceremony and secular affair, as is evidenced by the advo-cates of such legislation attempting to jus-tify their demands by the invention of the fiction of " a civil sabbath." We protest against Sunday laws, because their primary purpose is to protect a relig-ious institution, rather than to protect all citizens in the enjoyment of their natural and inalienable rights. And, finally, in behalf of the common rights of all citizens, in behalf of that Christianity which we profess, in behalf of the state, whose highest prosperity we desire, in behalf of those believers who differ from us in religious faith, in behalf of the unbeliever whose rights we respect, in behalf of all sorts and conditions of men Š we protest against this demand for a return to those legal enactments which have darkened the pages of history in other lands, and which, if adopted, will exhibit to the world the melancholy spectacle of the aban-donment of those principles which have dis-tinguished this country above the other na-tions of the earth as being one which, as stated by Bancroft, has " dared to set the example of accepting in its relations to God the principle first divinely ordained of God in Judea, . . . and not from indiffer-ence, but that the infinite Spirit of eternal truth might move in its freedom and purity and power." 