32 LIBERTY saith he unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar [civil government] the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." Matt. 22: 19-21. Christ herein recognized both divine and civil government, and gave assur-ance that men are amenable to both. But after men have rendered to Caesar (civil authority) their taxes, and all else that is due the government, there re-mains service due God only. Note, " and unto God the things that are God's." Thus the decision of the heav-enly court pertaining to worship. " For  God are prayer, the ordinance of the Lord's supper, the celebration of the or-dinance of baptism, and all similar religious ordinances. Curtailing Their Own Liberties Last, but not least, such legislation is an infringement upon the inalienable rights of the very individual who favors such legal measures, even the one who writes the Sunday bill and those who vote favoring it in the Legislature, in Parlia-ment, or in Congress ; because God may cause greater gospel light to shine upon the individual pathway of each such per-son, and he himself be convinced that he ought to make Christian ad-vancement ; b u t with such a law in operation, he is bound by his own civil enactments and can not follow the light. Ex-President Roose-velt, in an address de-livered at Oxford Uni-versity, England, on the occasion of the confer-ring of the degree of D. C. L. by the univer-sity, said : " True liberty showed itself to best ad-vantage in protecting the rights of others, and especially of mi-norities." Religious liberty is an inherent right of every man. He has the right to draw conclusions, to speak, and to act, unmo-lested, provided only that in the carrying out of his ideas he does not invade the equal rights of other men. The question of whether a man is re-ligious or not religious, whether he be-lieves in baptism by immersion, by sprinkling, or by pouring, or whether he believes in the first day, sixth day, sev-enth day, or no day for the Sabbath, are not questions to be settled by civil legis-lation, but are between the individual and God ; for these are religious questions, and religious service must be rendered by each individual to God direct, and not to him by way of the civil government. Mountain View, Cal. UNIVERSITY OF MAINE, FOUNDED 1865, ROBERT JUDSON ALEY, PRESIDENT the Father judgeth no man, but hath committed all judgment unto the Son." John 5 : 22. Conscience should not be invaded by civil legislation ; for it is not in its pur-view to enter the secret recesses of the soul. Neither can the people of this world ever be brought to Jesus Christ through religio-civil legislation ; for that is not the gateway to heaven. To make even a fair pretense of deci-ding questions pertaining to conscience, the stocks, thumbscrew, and fagot would have to be reinstalled. The Sabbath is God's institution, and should therefore be rendered to God, and not to civil government ; for we' read : " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." " Render unto God the things that are God's." Among those things that the Christian must render to 