LIBERTY 159 be valued as if each word were of coined substance of gold. Permit me to say that that eulogy is a sickly sentimental slander of its mighty guardianship of human rights. Gold indeed ! The American Constitution is drained from human ag-ony and tears. That Constitution rep-resents the gathered warnings of liberty from all the ages. Its every clause is conceived from the measureless anguish of our self-tortured race. Its every word  to save us, and protect humanity in all the future." The publishers of LIBERTY protest against Congress making any law respect-ing religion. They do this because they are Christians ; because they love religion and the nation, and do not wish to see the ship of state wrecked upon the rocks of a union of church and state. Let our Constitutional liberties remain inviolate. Washington, D. C. Copyright .Underwood & Underwood, New York SERVIAN TROOPS READY FOR ACTION is distilled from the blood of martyred millions. In her recital of the-two brief prohibitions regarding religion may be heard the shriek of the myriad followers of Christ nailed to the crosses of the Cm-sars, the groans of three centuries of vic-tims to the Roman Inquisition, the sigh of millions of martyrs slain by wheel and flood and flaming fagot, the sob and moan of desolate women through a thousand years of war for opinion, the clash and clang of bloody steel, the thunder of slaughtering chariot and cannon driven by mortal hate and frenzy on battle fields heaped with religious murder through twenty centuries of human history. From the shadow of these horrors the Constitution of this republic was made THE Sunday laws which are on the statute books of nearly every nation, have come down to us from a time when the doctrine of " the divine right of kings " was interpreted and enforced by those who had assumed to control the conscience and conduct of mankind in general. What shall be done with them? Let the tide of reform roll forward through proper education until men everywhere shall see what are the true relationships between man and man, and between man and God, and be prepared, both in legislative halls and in the jury box to pronounce unconstitutional every law that interferes with freedom of wor-ship or with man's relation to God.ŠG. D. Balton. 