LIBERTY 43 Some liberal-minded people believe it would be a national calamity for Con-gress to yield to the demands of the churches in this matter. In the language of that great statesman, Col. Richard M. Johnson, they ask, Is " the conscience of the minority less sacred than the con-science of the majority "? Some of the first-day believers contend that the seventh-day Sabbath is done away with under the gospel dispensation ; that Sunday should be compulsorily and religiously observed in commemoration of the resurrection; and that Sunday breaking will bring on the offender the frown of Heaven, the wrath of God. Believers in the seventh-day Sabbath contend that the law of God has never been changed ; that Christ is not only our Saviour, but was the Creator; that he made the Sabbath during creation week, and kept it when on earth ; that there is no authority in the Bible for keeping Sunday, the first day of the week, for the Sabbath ; that Sunday is a man-made sabbath in opposition to God's Sabbath ; that those who keep the seventh-day Sab-bath should, in obedience to the law of God and the example of Christ, work on the other six days, including Sunday, or they will be subject to the judgments of God, and be visited with the outpouring of his unmixed wrath.* Those who hold to this latter position claim to be so wedded to their Sabbatic faith that they would suffer martyrdom rather than violate it. Can we think of two cases involving religious dissension that present less hope for an accommodation? They reveal the possibilities of Sunday legislation. If Sunday laws are necessary, then it is right to go to the limit in their en-forcement. If it is right to impose a fine for Sunday breaking, then it is right Ł Judge Simmons's statement on this point should not be misunderstood. The position of the Adventists, as briefly defined on our last page three months ago, is not that the divine law arbitrarily requires that work be regularly done upon each of the six working days, but that the fourth commandment sets up a sharp and clear distinction between the seventh day and the six other days, including the first day, or Sun-day; and that to habitually refrain from secular af-fairs upon that day, seemingly treating it much as the Sabbath should be observed, is to disregard the divine commandment and to commit sin. Enmm to imprison. If it is right to imprison, then it is right, as in colonial days, to visit the death penalty on the offender. The statement of the case is sufficient. Do we not see that Sunday laws, though. lamblike in appearance, speak with the voice of a dragon, and have in JOHN CALVIN Whose mistaken sense of duty made him a persecutor them all the objectionable elements that made the Inquisition possible, and have given to it its revolting and bloody per-spective ? Why should we allow such a law to exist? Why not follow the example of California, and have a one-day-in-seven law, and eliminate religion from the law of the land, so that all classes of religion-ists may sabbatize on the day of their faith, and be free to work the rest of the week ? rtf tV THE Sixty-fourth Congress adjourned sine die, March 4, without enacting any Sunday legislation. It is stated, how-ever, that with the opening of the Sixty-fifth Congress a new Sunday-law cam-paign is to be inaugurated by the women, with Mrs. W. F. Crafts as leader. Re-member that " eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." 