4f. LIBERTY LIBERTY A Magazine of Religious Freedom Set for the Defense of the Rights of Conscience, and therefore opposed to a Union of Church and State in name or in fact WASHINGTON, D. C., SECOND QUARTER, 191I Subscription Price - 25 cents a year No Subscriptions accepted for less than one year Organ of the Religious Liberty Association Published Quarterly by REVIEW CS, HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. C. M. SNOW - - EDITOR K. C. RUSSELL W. A. COLCORD Editorial Contributors W. W. Prescott, W. A. Spicer, G. B. Thompson, A. J. S. Bourdeau, B. G. Wilkinson (Washington, D. C.); L. A. Smith, C. P. Bollman, P. T. Magan (Tennessee); J. 0. Cornea, W. M. Healey (California); E. T. Russell (Nebraska); C. S. Longacre (Massachusetts); J. G. Lamson (Min-nesota); S. B. Horton (New York); W. T. Bartlett (England); .Jean Vuilleumier (France); A. W. Ander-son (Australia); E. W. Thomann (Chile); E. F. Forga (Peru). Entered as second-class matter, May 1, 1906, at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879. To put a premium upon idleness is not the correct way to encourage industry or sobriety. WITHIN the past few weeks there has sprung up in all parts of the country, as if by magic, a movement for the clo-sing of the post-offices on Sunday, and they are being closed. This is being done, not by legislation, but by arousing public sentiment on behalf of one day's rest in the week for the employees. This journal believes in regular periods of rest for those who labor. If they choose to take it on Sunday, that is their business. What we do object to is the idea that all must be compelled to rest whether they want to or not, and rest on a particular day, because that day has been set apart by a portion of the Christian church to the performance of religious duties. To fine or imprison a man for not resting when another man is worshiping is as  dishonoring to the Author of true relig-ion as it is unjust to the performer of honest labor. THE senate chamber of Peru is the old hall of the Inquisition. Where the " Holy Office " tortured its victims up to the year 1811 the laws of the republic of Peru are now enacted by her legis-lators. There is now in progress in Peru a movement for the amendment of the constitution so as to eliminate the article which declares that the Roman Church is the church of the government and the only legitimate religion in the realm. AT the last session of the Episcopal General Convention a proposal was adopted for calling a world's conference of all Christian churches " to discuss matters of faith and order with a view to a more harmonious understanding be-tween them." This proposal, says the New York Independent of March 9, has already " made some progress. An in-formal conference of official representa-tives of four leading denominations was called last week. . . . The meeting of such a world's conference was approved, and the Episcopal commission was asked to call a large informal meeting of repre-sentatives of evangelical denominations, with a view to taking formal and final ac-tion for such a conference." The editor of the Independent urges the importance of a union of all denominations, but fears that the Roman Church may not meet the proposal favorably. That depends entirely upon whether the Roman Church considers the time ripe for such a move on her part. It is a striking sign of the times that a move has actually been made looking to a union of all denominations with Romanism. What such a union would mean for the cause of religious lib-erty can readily be determined by the history of Rome's attitude toward relig-ious liberty through the ages past, and the attitude of great Protestant organi-zations in America toward a union of civil and religious affairs. The outlook is not promising should the proposed union be effected. ASSOCIATE EDITORS 