Sectarian Garb in Government Schools Argument Presented by Hon. Robert G. Valentine, Commissioner of Indian Affairs, at a Hearing Before Secretary Fisher of the Department of the Interior, April 8, 1912, on the Question of Religious Garb in Indian Schools Conducted by the Government (Concluded) IT is true that in the face of the liberal and increasing appropriations in the '8o's, some commissioners appear to have be-lieved that they had not sufficient funds both to erect and equip school buildings and to meet the cost of maintaining the schools; consequently, that they might make their funds go as far as possible, avoiding expenditures for buildings, they resorted to the contract system, by which they paid mission authorities for instruct-ing children in mission schools. But the formal reports of the Indian Office clearly indicate that this contract system was considered but a temporary expedient. Ł That the mission authorities fared well by this arrangement is plain from the facts. Between 1886 and 190o the Indian Office set apart on such contracts $5,-900,000, of which $3,900,000 was for Catholic schools. In 1892 the maximum annual total was reached, a total of $611,-500 for all mission schools, of which $394,700 was for Catholic mission schools. The ratio of the payments made by the government to the cost of main-taining Indian missions is obvious from that fact that in 1893 the director of the Bureau of Catholic Indian Missions stated that the expenses of the year of Catholic mission schools as met by Cath-olics were about $5o,000. The significance of the figures just given is apparent if it is remembered that in 1902 the director of the Bureau of Catholic Indian Missions estimated the total yearly cost of all Catholic Indian missions at $140,000. Other facts also show that there is no equity against the government ; for instance, in 1912 con-tracts with Catholic Indian mission schools payable from tribal funds under the decision in the case of Quick Bear vs. Leupp, called for $144,700; similar contracts with Protestant schools called for $20,000. Furthermore, between 19oo. to8  and 1909, under special acts of Congress, gratuitous patents in fee to land on In-dian reservations, were issued to Cath-olic Indian mission authorities for 1,658 acres, and to Protestant missions for 1,893 acres ; under the general statute of 1909 the Catholic missions last year re-ceived patents in fee to 5,066 acres, and Protestants to 548 acres. Patents were issued to Catholic missions for consid-erable amounts of land on particular res-ervations; for example, for 1,90o acres at Cceur d'Alene, where sales averaged about $21 an acre, and 1,250 acres at Flathead, where sales have averaged about $50 an acre. As early as 1888 the anomalous sys-tem by which the government was con-tracting away a purely governmental function and responsibility, and the abuses of the system, had aroused public opinion. The report of the Mohonk con-ference for that year called upon the Secretary of the Interior " to inaugurate at once a thorough and comprehensive system, providing, at national expense, on principles analogous to those which experience has incorporated in our pub-lic-school system, for the education of all Indian children." In 1889 there was a new commissioner, and at once a new policy. In his report for that year the commissioner said: Š " The effort is being made to develop for the Indians a non-partizan, non-sec-tarian public-school system. . . . Special efforts are being put forth to increase the number as well as the efficiency of government schools. " The system should be conformed lid., page 95] so far as practicable to the common-school system now univer-sally adopted by all the States. . . . Of course, it is to be understood that in addition to all the work here outlined as belonging to the government for the edu- 