rats LIBERTY 113 Washington in favor of an explicit ac-knowledgment of the only true God and Jesus Christ," to be " inserted some-where in the Magna Charta [Constitu-tion] of our country." His reply is worth passing on to those who are at present importuning our legislators to place the name of God in the Constitu-tion: Š " I am persuaded you will permit me to observe that the path of true piety is so plain as to require but little political direction. To this consideration we ought to ascribe the absence of any regu-lation respecting religion from the Magna Charta of our country. To the guidance of the ministers of the gospel the impor-tant object is, perhaps, more properly committed. And in the progress of mo-rality and science, to which our govern-ment will give every furtherance, we may confidently expect the advancement of, true religion and the completion of our happiness."Š" Christian Life and Character of the Civil Institutions of the United States," page 248. " In a work on the Constitution, by James Bayard, of Delaware, which re-ceived the warm commendations of Chief Justice Marshall, Judge Story, Chan-cellor Kent, and other distinguished ci-vilians and jurists," we find these words in reference to this particular contro-versy : Š " It has been made an objection to the Constitution, by some, that it makes no mention of religion, contains no recognition of the existence and prov-idence of God,Š as though his author-ity were slighted or disregarded. But such is not the reason of the omission. The convention which framed the Consti-tution comprised some of the wisest and best men of the nation,Š men who were firmly persuaded not only of the divine origin of the Christian religion, but also of its importance to the temporal and eternal welfare of men. 'The people, too, of this country were generally impressed with religious feelings, and felt and ac-knowledged the superintendence of God, who had protected them through the per- ils of war and blessed their exertions to obtain civil and religious freedom. But there were reasons why the introduction of religion into the Constitution would have been unseasonable, if not im-proper."Š Id., pages 259, 26o. There were ministers of the gospel in the early days of our country, especially during Revolutionary times, who clearly outlined the functions of church and state. And they were not afraid to teach the entire separation of these institutions. A noted Baptist clergyman, in an ad-dress before the Massachusetts Supreme Court (May 29, 1779), preached a ser-mon that stands as a needed rebuke to many today who are occupying pulpits. Some of the principles stated by this eminent and influential man are here given. It cannot be said of him that he was unacquainted with the legal side of the question, for he was elected by the city of Boston to represent its citizens at the framing of both the State consti-tution and the federal Constitution : Š " We should leave nothing to human virtue that can be provided for by law or the constitution. The more we trust in the hands of any man, the more we try his virtue, which, at some fatal hour, may yield to a temptation, and the peo-ple discover their error when it is too late to prevent the mischief." " ' Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's.' It is most evi-dent in this passage that there are some things which Caesar, or the magistrate, cannot of right demand, nor the people yield. The address has its limits. To determine what these are, was never more necessary to the people of these United States than it is at present. We are engaged in a most important contest, not for power, but for freedom. We mean not to change our masters, but to secure to ourselves, and to generations yet unborn, the perpetual enjoyment of civil and religious liberty, in their fullest extent." " The power which the people commit into the hands of the magistrate is wholly 