STATUE OF WILLI AM PENN NOW ON THE TOP OF CITY HALL, PHILA DELPHIA Wm. Penn, when a prisoner in the Tower of London, wrote : " To conceit that men must form their faith of things proper to Another World by the Prescriptions of mortal Men, or else they can have no right to eat, drink, sleep, walk, trade, be at liberty, or live in This, to me seems both ridiculous and dangerous." LIBERTY 9 bad use of the power entrusted to them." He also declares that Catholic philosophy teaches that " the temporal authority is supreme as long as it remains in its own domain, which is the procuring of peace and public prosperity of its sub-jects in the tem-poral order." The whole ques-tion of the relation of the church to the state is thus stated : " In these purely temporal matters, therefore, so long as they re-main in the tem-poral order, t h e church claims no jurisdiction, a n d there is no possi-bility that the pres-ent holy father or any of his success-ors will ever inter-fere with the true allegiance due from his children to those that rule them according to justice and right in their search for temporal peace and prosperity." A little reflection will show just how much reality there is in the assertion that the church and the state are " each given full power in its separate sphere," according to Roman Catholic doctrine. Princes are declared to be subject to the Roman pontiff " with regard to their good or bad use of the power entrusted to them ; " and we are assured that " there is no possibility that the present holy father or any of his suc-cessors will ever interfere with the true allegiance due from his children to those  that rule them according to justice and right." In the qualifications thus made the jurisdiction of the church over the state is really assumed, and the independ-ence of the state is shown to be a mere figment. Whenever the Roman pontiff decides that a prince is using his power in a bad way, which gener-ally means that he is opposing the in-terests of the Ro-man Catholic Church, he may be called to account ; and if refractory, he may be deposed. If it appears at any time that a ruler is not ruling his sub-jects " according to justice and right," the Roman pontiff reserves the right t o interfere with the true allegiance due from subjects to a sovereign, and he is thus, in the final analysis, the supreme ruler both of church and of state. The separation of church and state, according to the Ro-man Catholic view, simply means that so long as the state is conducted in the inter-est of the church, and its dignitaries are subservient to the wishes of the church, the church will not interfere ; but the church at the time reserves the right to correct and depose those rulers who do really maintain an actual separation of church and state, and therefore permit perfect freedom of religious belief and practise. The smooth talk of priests in 