LIBERTY 75 Sunday, during church services,Š he must either go to church or hide within the precinct of his own home,Š or risk being shot by an officer for heathen-ism." The law in question is evidently intended to legislate religion into the na-tives of the island and to secure attend-ance at church services. The diagram below will illustrate and explain the shooting. April 11, Roland Parks went over to his brother's store (marked A) and sat on the porch with his brother. His brother asked him to stay on the porch while he took some  the constable seized him by the shoulder. The boy jerked away, when Connorton grabbed him and bent him back over the iron fence and choked him. The two brothers of Roland, J. L. Parks and William H. Parks ; a brother-in-law, Mah-lon Crockett ; and his father were at-tracted by the noise in the front yard. They came upon the scene and protested against the brutal treatment the boy was receiving. They said, " If Roland has done anything wrong, we will go his bail or pay his fine; you let him go." Con-norton made no reply, but drew his gun, H. P. PARKS' ) %RESIDENCE . (.4-‚ Q:e%  r ,sr  ..... ... 110111MT:a M 61 M I ,1 "*ﬁ ....... Noy 5700 BULLET HOLE IN ŠBUILDING WHERE Š BOY WAS SHOT H.P. PARKS' SON'S STORE STORE AND ICE CREAM STAND Section of Street in Tangier, Va. ice cream over to his mother, sister, and sister-in-law in the house (marked B). Two boys came along and joined Roland while he awaited his brother's return. There was no disorder, loud talking, or scuffling. The constable, " Bud " Connor-ton, came down the street from the northwest. The friends of Roland saw him coming and departed. Connorton stopped and said to Roland: "Don't you know you are breaking the law / " He replied, " My brother asked me to sit here on the porch until he came back ; but if it is unlawful, I will go over on my own porch " (house marked B). He started, and Connorton fol-lowed. As he turned in at the gate,  and Roland caught hold of it. The con-stable said, " Let go of that gun or I'll shoot you." Roland's mother had stepped to the door, and heard this remark. In an agony of fear she cried, " 0 please don't shoot my darling boy ! " Connorton muttered, " Yes, I'll shoot him. I'll kill him." Roland let go the gun and started to adjust his crumpled clothing, when Connorton shoved the gun against the boy's stomach and fired. He fell as a 44-caliber bullet tore its way through his body. He was rushed to the marine hos-pital in Crisfield. A little later Mr. Parks and his sons, with about five hun-dred citizens of the island, went to the 