84 LIBERTY a vote of twenty-two to thirteen, follow-ing an energetic campaign, in which the friends of religious liberty were accorded a hearing in committee. Stalwart cham-pions for the cause of freedom were found in the legislature, and nothing fur-ther was heard of a Sunday law either in the special session held later in the year 1912 or in that convened in Jan-uary of this year. Arizona is standing with California for the faithful mainte- nance of constitutional guaranties, in harmony with the conviction expressed by Spurgeon, the great English preacher, himself a Sunday-keeper, who said Your Sunday bills and all other forms of act-of-Parliament religion seem to me to be all wrong. Give us a fair field and no favor, and our faith has no cause to fear. Christ wants no help from Caesar." Los Angeles, Cal., March 5, 1913. tv The Blessings of Liberty C. P. BOLLMAN GOD made his moral creatures free that they might form character, and might from choice, not from constraint but willingly, render to him love and hom-age. Without true liberty there could be no such thing as nobility of character. Addison well says:Š ' " A day, an hour, of virtuous liberty Is worth a whole eternity of bondage." " Liberty, like day," writes Cowper,Š " Breaks on the soul, and by a flash from heaven, Fires all the faculties with glorious joy." But liberty does not mean freedom from the restraints of true principle. He who knows and loves real liberty can not be of the number described by Milton when he says,Š " License they mean when they say liberty." There is, and, in the very nature of the case, there can be no other bondage so galling, no slavery so debasing, as bond-age to evil. " Whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin," says the Saviour (John 8: 34) ; and to the same end the apostle writes: " Know ye not, that to whom ye yield yourselves servants to obey, his servants ye are to whom ye obey; whether of sin unto death, or of obedience unto righteousness?" There are two principles in the uni-verse of morals, namely, good and evil. One of these we must of necessity serve.  True liberty can be found only in owning allegiance to the good. " I will walk at liberty," says the psalmist, " for I seek thy precepts; " while the apostle James writes: " Whoso looketh into the perfect law of liberty, and continueth therein, he being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work, this man shall be blessed in his deed," or as the margin has it, " in his doing." James 1: 25. Freedom of choice, the power to choose, the ability not only to desire but to do the good and to eschew the evil, surcease from the pangs of a guilty con-science, is true liberty. Such liberty was given to man in the beginning; and when it was lost in the fall, and man, so far as his own ability was concerned, became the helpless, hopeless slave of evil, Christ gave himself to die upon the cross that the inestimable gift of liberty might be restored to men. " If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." John 8: 36. Such is soul liberty, something which man can neither give nor take away. Statutes can not compass it; chains can not bind it; prisons can neither confine it nor shut it out; the sword can not kill it; fire can not destroy it. It lives and triumphs even in the dungeon, upon the arena, on the rack, or at the stake. 'Tis suchŠ "Liberty alone that gives the flower Of fleeting life its luster and perfume, And we are weeds without it." 