2  LIBERTY tants of Malta are asking the prayers of all lovers of religious liberty, that their laity-won rights may not be lost. They feel that " the Catholics will move heaven and earth to regain their hold on Malta." Concern-ing the matter of Sunday observance in England the Episcopal Recorder of Phila-delphia says: " The English-speaking race is giving more attention to this matter than ever before. In Great Britain on an ap-pointed Sunday twenty thousand sermons were preached dealing with this matter. A royal commission has recommended the passing of more stringent legislation to prevent the increasing Sunday trading. The Archbishop of Canterbury, at a national convention, called for and secured the for-mation of a national alliance in the interest of the Lord's Day." The United States.ÑEighteen hundred drivers of bread wagons in Jersey City, N. J., have refused to deliver bread on Sun-day. The journeymen bakers have joined forces with the drivers in refusing to con-tinue Sunday work. Since our last issue mass meetings have been held in Idaho in favor of the Sunday Rest bill. As a result of this agitation the hands of the legislators having church-and-state proclivities were so strengthened as to make it possible for the bill to pass. This leaves only California and Arizona on the side of religious liberty in a great nation supposed to have been founded for the express purpose of guar-anteeing that liberty to its inhabitAnts. The sessions of the next Massachusetts legisla-ture will probably witness a considerable modifying of the existing Sunday laws of that State, because of the report of the special committee appointed by the last legislature to revise the Sunday statutes. The committee favors more liberties for the people in the matter of pastimes and amuse-ments, but there is no intimation of an in-clination to guarantee the right to perform honest labor on Sunday. The attempt to graft a Sunday-amendment law upon the constitution of the State of California at the last session of its legislature ended in failure. After a thorough discussion the proposed measure was defeated by a vote of forty-six to twenty. Before the close of the Oregon legislature an attempt was made to enact a drastic Sunday law. By an over-whelming vote the Senate indefinitely post-poned consideration of the bill. The sen- ator who introduced it explained that he did not favor it himself, but " wanted tc give its advocates a chance-" The, legislature of Hawaii is being petitioned by the Civic Federation of the islands to enact more drastic Sunday laws for that territory. At the last session of the New Jersey legisla-ture an attempt was made to repeal the law enacted last year known as the " Bishops' Act," whose purpose was to close all sa-loons in the State on Sunday. The attempt was a failure, and the saloons of New Jer-sey are supposed to be closed on Sunday. The church-and-state element see a great victory for temperance and a full ch'irch in this, while the people who desire to drink are drinking at home and failing to fulfil the intent of the lawmakers in filling up the church. In the city of Portland, Ore-gon, an attempt is being made to accom-plish the same result. As a result of a con-ference between the Interdenominational Church Committee of Virginia and the rep-resentatives of the railways of the State, the railways will discontinue the sale of Sunday excursion tickets, and plan for a reduction of both passenger and freight service on that day. Canada.Ñ The enforcement of the strin-gent Sunday law recently passed by the Do-minion Government of Canada is beginning to excite considerable opposition. Some are getting their eyes open as to the real character of the law, and a reaction is ta-king place. The railroad companies say the law is not practical, and that they do not intend to obey it. A Canadian Rational Sunday League has been formed to oppose the law. In a circular which they are send-ing out, they say : " The formation of this league has been forced upon us by the tyrannical Sunday laws recently enacted at Ottawa. This legislation was secured by professional agitators in the name of re-ligion, and under sanction of this iniquitous law a religious persecution has commenced. Those who do not agree with the Lord's Day Alliance are to be converted to their views by fines and imprisonment. . . . True religion is honest, and never aggressive, and leaves every one free to live his own life as his conscience dictates. The religion which requires police, fines, and imprison-ment to support it, is not the Christian re-ligion. We are unworthy the name of free men if we submit to these tyrannical laws." 