48 LIBERTY LIBERTY if Magazine of Religious Freedom Set for the Defense of the Rights of Conscience, and therefore opposed to a Union of Church and State in name or in fact WASHINGTON, D. C., THIRD QUARTER, 1910 Subscription Price - 25 cents a year No Subscriptions accepted for less than one year Organ of the Religious Liberty Association Published Quarterly by REVIEW CiN. HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. C. M. SNOW EDITOR K. C. RUSSELL 1 W. A. COLCORD I Editorial Contributors : W. W. Prescott. M. A. Spicer, G.. B. Thompson, A. J. S. Bourdeau, B. G. Wilkinson (Wash-ington, D. C.) ; L. A. Smith, C. P. Boliman, P. T. Magan, S. B. Horton (Tennessee);J. 0. Corliss, W. M. Healey (Cali-fornia); E. T. Russell, J. S. Wightman (Nebraska) ; C. S. Long-acre (Massachusetts); J. G. Lamson (Minnesota) ; W. T. Bartlett (England) ; Jean Vuilleumier (France) ; A. W. Ander-son (Australia) ; E. W. Thomann (Chile) ; E. F. Forga (Peru). Entered as second-class matter. May I, 1906. at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. " No man is born booted and spurred to ride another bridled and saddled." RELIGION flourishes in greater purity without than with the aid of govern-ment.Š James Madison. AFTER the first reading of the Dec-laration of Independence the Liberty Bell was rung for more than two hours. THE whole history of the Christian religion shows that she is in far greater danger of being corrupted by the alliance of power than of being crushed by its opposition.Š Macaulay. RELIGIOUS toleration marks the prog-ress of the world toward religious lib-erty, but it is not religious liberty. Toleration which may be withdrawn means disapproval primarily, and then grudging concession.Š James M. King. THE government of Spain is making earnest efforts at the present time to cast off the shackles of church-and-state thraldom that have bound the consciences of hei people during the centuries. In the United States of America, an ear-nest, confederated effort is being made to forge for us again the shackles which our fathers cast off when the colonies became a nation. The purpose of the federated churches to control the legis-lation of the country, constitutes that ef-fort. True it is that the world does move; but it is also true it often moves in a circle, and is doing so in this matter. MR. WILLIAM ALEXANDER BROWN, of Philadelphia, attorney for the National Reform Association, in a plea before the Sub-Judiciary Committee of the House of Representatives, on April 12, in behalf of the so-called " Christian amendment " to the Constitution, said: Š We appear before you, gentlemen, to present the demand of the Lord Jesus Christ himself that this nation acknowl-edge his righteous authority and rule. Mr. Brown omitted to give either verse, chapter, or book where authority might be found for such a declaration. The Lord Jesus Christ has never author-ized any one to demand of the United States that this government acknowledge him and recognize his rulership. One of his last declarations was, " My kingdom is not of this world." He rejected the proffered crown then, and the record of his life and his teaching is a direct con-tradiction of such an assertion as that above quoted. The Lord Jesus has made no such demand. He who claims He has, contradicts our Saviour, and mis-represents him to the world. The whole movement for the control of the political world by the federated cuhrches is a perversion of Christ's purpose and a mis-representation of his character and his teachings. ASSOCIATE EDITORS 