LIBERTY 33 being the religion of the people who com-prise the nation. The nation must tax all its citizens, and make that religion compulsory, and safeguard it by decrees and penalties. To insure to a nation a religion and a worship all its own, the nation must make the religion legal, com-pulsory, and unchangeable. It does not take a sage or a prophet to see how such a scheme would work out in its final analysis. If there were any whose con-sciences were still unseared, the estab-lishment of an inquisitorial court would be necessary, and a revival of the rack, the gibbet, the fiery furnace, and the lions' den. The Daniels would still con-tinue to do as they had done aforetime. The " worthies " would still refuse to bow the knee to the king's decree. To the faithful and conscientious dissenters it would mean a repetition of the bloody history of the past. What would be gained by the estab-lishment of a national religion? Would such an act make all the citizens relig-ious? Would it save the unsaved? Would it impart a single virtue or clothe its citizens with righteousness? " What-soever is not of faith is sin." No one can be saved by proxy. We are saved as individuals. Every man must give ac-count of himself to God. An active, liv- ing, personal faith in God is alone ac-coptable to him. The kingdom of heaven would not gain a single soul by such a transaction. If the majority of a nation should pass a law that would establish their faith as the national faith, the minority would have the same right when they grew to be the majority, to establish their faith as the national religion, and to disestablish the former one, just as political parties are put in and out of power by a decision of the majorities. It would then be only a matter of time until the head of the national religion would take precedence over, and be exalted above, the head of the political parties. In other words, there would take place in the United States what took place in the Roman em- pire. First, there would be fierce con-tentions between religious organizations  until the most powerful would place it-self at the head as supreme. This battle won, the next assault would be upon the political parties to subordinate the po-litical bosses to the pontifex maximus of the national religio-political party. The next step after the head of the national religion is made supreme over all and placed above all, is to place that suprem-acy beyond the reach of man or parties to establish at will, and to claim that his appointment to supreme office, power, and authority is f rdm heaven. This is not a mere fancy. This is ex-actly what was done before when the so-called Christian religion was established as the national religion. The experiment has been tried repeatedly among the na-tions of ancient and medieval times, and all we need to do before we try the ex-periment again is to read the bloody his-tory of the past, and we shall protest loudly against any movement that shall attempt a repetition. Like causes always produce like re-sults. This is an unalterable law in his-tory. If we start at the same point and travel over the same course, we are in-evitably bound to terminate at the same place, and we shall reap the same ruinous results in the end that the others have. The promise of such a harvest is in the nature of the seed, as like seed will pro-duce like fruitage. Religion is regarded as a sacred insti-tution, and its adherents will die before they will suffer it to be trammeled ; hence the bloody religious wars and unparal-leled persecutions when a transition of national religions occurs where majori-ties and politics decide such matters. Re-ligion and political parties do not rest on the same basis; they can not be oper-ated by the same laws, nor by the same character of men ; they can not be estab-lished and maintained by the same means, nor disposed of in the same way. His-tory has demonstrated this fact repeat - edly. James Madison saw this principle clearly when he said : " Religion is not in the purview of human government. Re-ligion is essentially distinct from human 