"Wherefore Slew He Him?" Is Persecution Justifiable? By S. B. Horton THE Holy Scriptures present an accurate aeeount of the fall of man and the con-sequences growing out of it. They also set forth principles of righteousness in man's relation to his God and to his fellow beings and the sources from which to draw power and perception. Strange as it may seem, the at-tempt to override the principles of religious liberty by the hand of persecution became a part of human experience almost from the very beginning of the history of the race. The student of world history as given by inspiration finds no trouble in pointing to the lives of Paul, Peter, John, James, and others of New Testament times (not to mention Je-sus), as examples of the victims of the per-secuting spirit resulting from a wrong percep-tion of the principles of political liberty and soul freedom. Such a student readily points to the time of Daniel, Shadrach, Meshaeh, and Abednego, when faithful men of God were per-secuted because they refused to alienate them-selves from the true God to follow the decrees of those religionists who worshiped other gods, or of those who had a false conception of the true God. But the Bible student may go back farther than these incidents. The lives of the first two brothers born of Adam and Eve present in very concrete way the results of violating the true principles of religious freedom. The record of the lives of Cain and Abel was of such mo-ment to posterity that inspiration elected to place it in both the Old and the New Testa-ment in order that the lesson to be learned should be at the service of all mankind. Things " written aforetime were written for our learn-ing; " " These things happened unto them for ensamples: and they are written for our ad-monition,"Š in these statements are underlying principles of Scripture writings. Now, what is the lesson to be gathered from the lives of Cain and Abel! First, let us quote the record as given by the beloved disciple John: " This is the message that we heard from the beginning, that we should love one another. Not as Cain, who was of that wicked one, and slew his brother. And wherefore slew he him? Because his own works were evil, and his broth-er's righteous." 1 John 3: 11, 12. What were the facts! Quoting from Genesis 4: 3-8, we read: " In process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the fruit of the ground an 68  offering unto the Lord. And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof. And the Lord had respect unto Abel and to his offering: but unto Cain and to his offering he had not respect. And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell. And the Lord said unto Cain, Why art thou wroth! and why is thy countenance fallen! If thou doest well, shalt thou not be accepted! and if thou doest not well, sin lieth at the door. And unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him. And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass, when they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother, and slew him." Here were two men, brothers in the flesh, and each professing to serve God. Each offered a sacrifice to God; each assumed the attitude of worship, and thought he was doing God service. But one's offering was in harmony with what God desired, while the other's was not. One served God in spirit and in truth, according to the divine order; the other served according to his own devising. One followed the command-ment of God; the other followed his own mind and direction Š both religious, mark you. The fact that Abel's faithful service was acceptable to God while his own service was refused caused the spirit of persecution to take full control of Cain, and he rose up and slew his brother. " And wherefore slew he him? Because his own works were evil, and his brother's right-eous." Would it not be well for National Reformers to take heed to the lesson growing out of this incident connected with the first human family and incorporated into the literature of the Christian church! Does it not occur to the Sunday law advocate that such laws, if en-forced, must sooner or later challenge the faith-fulness of those who, desiring to serve God in spirit and in truth, decide to observe the Sab-bath of the decalogue, which is the seventh day, Saturday, not Sunday, the first day! Does he not know that Sunday laws have proved to be weapons in the hands of religious zealots to persecute better men than themselves/ Do not a large portion of the world's reli-gious people abhor the intolerance of the Dark Ages, when men and women were persecuted by religious zealots! and do they not know that the persecutions of those times were made easy by the existence of laWs which were originally designed to be used in advancing the interests or the supposed interests of the cause of God, and for the salvation of souls/ 