LIBERTY movement is to control government, and bring about moral and religious reforms through legislation. It was also that the movement had not only com-mitted itself to Sun-day legislation, but through an official action had plainly indicated that it did not intend to tol-erate the observers of the seventh day. The report of this action and the dis-cussion upon it, however, had, for some reason, been wholly eliminated from the published reports of the recent session of the Fed-eral Council of Churches, held in Philadelphia, P a . , December 3-8. In this paper upon the church federation movement, the in-portance of preach-ing the gospel to in-dividuals was urged. It was plainly shown that the churches involved in this fed-eration have lost their message, and are seeking to ac-complish through human devices that which can only be accomplished through the gospel and the working and power of the Holy Spirit. A foreign missionary from one of the islands of the sea gave an illustration of the practical workings of the inter-church federation movement  in his mission field. He said, in sub-stance, that the federated churches there divided the territory among them-selves, and threat-ened that if those of other denomina-tions came in and interfered with their arrange-ments, legislation would have to be secured which would expel them from the country. It was plainly developed, in the paper entitled " Sunday Legisla-tion and the La-boring Man," that one - day's - rest -in-seven legislation would be but the entering wedge for definite - day - sab-b a t h legislation ; the gospel message, with the Sabbath kept and observed as God ordained it and gave it to man, is the only real and permanent solution to the question ; and that religion can not be disso-ciated from t h e Sabbath and its benefits and bless-ings, even from a physical stand-point. Space will not permit even a brief reference to the many interesting points which were developed in the discussions of the various topics presented at this religious liberty gath-ering. shown had ŁŁŁŁŁWWŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁ,,,,,VVVŁIN. Lhr Critrral Tonfrrrna of *rognil-bag Aburittioto Washington, at.. .dune 1, 191I9 Ohr igonorable attain Nowarb Zaft. Presibent of the %Mb *tufts. Eli  r httue the honor to wait upon gou as a brputation from the worth's Conference of tfrornth-bag .burnt-tuts. now in session at irialtonta ark, romposeb of three huttbreit thirtg brlrgates from six continents aub the islanbs of the sea. besire to express to gnu our appreciation of the blessings of lib-erty. both riuil and religious, pre-set-orb by the founbers of this rrpublir, and transtnittrb by their 1311mm:inn" to the present generation. r arlutowlebge 6ob as the an-Intim ruler of the uniurrse, anb the bulg authorizek officers of state as his ministers for the preseruation of the social orber. r affirm our marine in the eternal principles of justice anb right-eousness. taught in the gospel as the founbation of all permanent forms of gourrnment. heartily brsirr the prate nub prosperitg both of the church anb of the state baring your abntinistration, nub pray that the blessing of heauen may attrnb your efforts to this rub. A. OS. Dattiells, Breathent. (6. A. Xriutn, Vire-freothent Wort!! American Biathlon. E. IL (Enured, Illre-freothent European at--Wotan. 31. 10. Euatio. titre-freothent _Asiatic Mittman. 10. A. Spicer. Bei-ream. (Atth one hunbreb tiventg-fine nthrrs.) 