Editorial Temperance Reform THE minds of the people of the District of Columbia are being agitated over the temperance question, and earnest efforts are being put forth to secure from Con-gress legislation which shall prohibit the sale of spirituous liquors within this terri-tory, which is under its exclusive control. We heartily favor this effort for the prohi-bition of the liquor traffic, for the following reasons: Š t. Intemperance is one of the greatest foes to national life and prosperity. 2. Intemperance undermines the very foundations of civil society. 3. Intemperance unfits the citizen for the proper discharge of his duties either in private or public life. 4. Intemperance leads to the disregard of the natural rights of man, and, conse-quently, to the increase of crime. 5. Intemperance is the most effective agent in filling the courts with criminal cases and the jails and prisons with con-victs. 6. Intemperance imposes a burden upon society by subtracting from the producing power and adding to the consuming power. 7. Intemperance changes homes into hells; and hells do not constitute a safe foundation for civil government and na-tional existence. This was well expressed by the Indian chief who thus summed up the effects of " fire-water " upon his peo-ple: " Once we were powerful ; we were a great nation; our young men were many; our lodges were full of children ; our ene-mies feared us. . . . Now we are very poor ; we are weak; nobody fears us; our lodges are empty; our hunting-grounds deserted ; our council fires are gone out." 8, Intemperance tends to produce an in-digent class, an unemployed class, an igno- rant class, and an unprincipled class,Š the greatest foes of society and republican in-stitutions. 9. History furnishes no example where a nation or an individual has been injured  by the restriction of the traffic in intox-icating liquors, while hundreds of volumes would be insufficient to contain the record of disaster, crime, and decay directly trace-able to intemperance. For these reasons, and because we regard it as within the proper sphere of civil gov-ernment to legislate upon a question so in-timately connected with the life, liberty, and pursuit of happiness of all citizens. we make this plea, and, if opportunity of-fers, shall cast our votes, in favor of pro-hibiting the sale of intoxicating liquors in the District of Columbia. Church and State Our Ground of Opposition WE desire that it shall be distinctly un- derstood that we do not advocate the com-plete separation of church and state, or of religion and government, because of hostil-ity either to the church or religion on the one hand, or to the state or civil government on the other hand. We profess the religion of Jesus Christ and labor for the coming of his kingdom. We accept the instruc-tion of the Scriptures : " Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God." We stand upon the true American idea of the relation be-tween the church and the state, which has been well expressed, as far as this phase of it is concerned, by Dr. Philip Schaff in these words: Š Finally Š and this we would emphasize as especially important in our time the American system differs radically and fun-damentally from the infidel and red-repub-lican theory of religious freedom. The word freedom is one of the most abused words in the vocabulary. True liberty is a positive force, regulated by law; false liberty is a negative force, a release from restraint. True liberty is the moral power of self-government; the liberty of infidels and anarchists is carnal licentiousness. The American separation of church and state rests on respect for the church ; the 