LIBERTY 17 United States Constitution, barring the State legislature from ever making any law which shall establish any religious rite or observance, or abridge religious free-dom." About six thousand citizens signed this appeal. The convention met in Guthrie, the cap-ital, November 20. The religious liberty issue came squarely to the front in the con-sideration of the proposed preamble to the constitution. The advocates of the theory of a legal religion pressed for the follow-ing preamble: Š " We, the people of the State of Okla-homa, recognizing Almighty God as the source of all authority in civil.  government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of na- tions, and his revealed will as the standard by which to decide moral issues in national life, in order to form a State government, establish justice, insure domestic tranquil-lity, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this constitution for the State of Oklahoma." A member of the committee on preamble stated to the writer that those who argued before the committee for this preamble de-nied squarely the delegate theory recog-nized as the basis of our government; namely, that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. They quoted, rather, the commission of Christ : " All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth. Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost: teaching them to ob-serve all things whatsoever I have' com-manded you." This, they insisted, was the foundation of the authority of governmental representatives. Is it not strange that men who claim to believe the Word of God can be so blind to its teachings ? The Master, who sent his disciples forth to preach the gospel of salvation to sinners among all the na-tions, specifically declared that his kingdom was not of this world, that his servants could not take the sword, the symbol of earthly authority. " If any man hear my words," said Jesus, " and believe not, I judge him not." Upon the transgressors of his Word the punishment will fall in the last day ; but he denies all right to any earthly force to undertake the impossible  task of compelling men to repent and to believe. Ł Based on the principles of separation of church and state, the following resolution was introduced: Š " Be it Resolved, That the following be adopted as a part of the constitution : Š PREAMBLE " We, the people of the State of Okla-homa, in order to form .a State government, establish justice, insure domestic tran-quillity, to promote the general welfare and secure the blessings of liberty to our-selves and our posterity, do ordain and establish this constitution for the State of Oklahoma." This preamble was urged upon the fol-lowing considerations : Š i. As delegates, the members of the con-vention were speaking for all the people. As the people differed in regard to the identity of Deity, and the matter as well as the manner of worship, no one expres-sion could be adopted as the sentiments of all. 2. While it is to be desired that all should recognize God and worship him, religious liberty insists that the right to such exer-cise must be left to the individual, untram-meled by any legal restrictions. 3. That for the government to exercise religious duties and establish forms of re-ligious expression is to deprive citizens of their freedom in this matter. 4. If the State has the right to frame a prayer, or expression of faith, for its citi-zens, it may, by the same propriety, regulate the entire ritual and forms of religious devotion. 5. A delegate is entitled to exercise dele-gated power only in such capacity as those who have elected him can properly author-ize him to act for them. The functions of civil government, which belong to the people, can be delegated to representatives. But religious duty, in its very nature, can not be so transferred from one to another. Religion, or the duty we owe to our Cre-ator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, and hence one can not possibly exercise it for another. 6. Since religious responsibility can not be delegated, any delegate or legislator assu-ming to exercise for others the functions of religion in his legal capacity as a civil 