Religion and the State W. F. MARTIN IT is a well-known and widely accepted fact that one of the dominant features of Americanism is that here, as in no other land, the citizens are free to wor-ship their Creator as they think most ac-ceptable to him. A strong demand, how-ever, is now being made by a certain class calling themselves " National Re-formers," to have religion made a part of the law of the land ; not only this, but it is purposed to have the government recognize the Christian religion. In proof of this, note the following: " And to secure such an amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States as will de-clare the nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and to indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all the Christian laws, institu-tions, and usages of our government on an undeniable legal basis in the funda-mental law of the land."Ñ Christian Statesman. This will easily be recognized as an effort to secure religious legislation, nor can it be truthfully said that there is any difference in fact between a union of church and state " and a union of " re-ligion and the state." In most countries where religion is a part of the civil law, it is religion according to the ideas of some particular, sect ; in otheistvords, it is the accepted ideas of the dIWhinant church. No one denies that such a con-dition constitutes a union of church and state. Now, it is proposed that repre- sentative men from different denomina-tions come together and agree on what they would term the bask principles of Christianity, such as the moral law and certain religious ordinances, present these to the government, and have them made into civil statutes. It will be seen at once by the careful reader that if one of these plans is su- perior to the other, it must be the first. Perhaps a better way to state it would  be to say there is less evil in the former than in the latter. As long as the gov-ernment accepts the ideas of only one church, the other denominations are left free to protest. On the other hand, if all the denominations which are pleased to call themselves evangelical or ortho-dox, should have their opinions enacted into law, it would tend only the more toward intolerance to all dissenters, and admit of less chance for reform. Another vital objection to this is that it would form a religious trust. History teaches us that of -all trusts, a religious trust is the worst. It not only enslaves the body, but it enslaves the mind. Per-secution follows as surely as night fol-lows day. Whenever a body of religion-ists stoops to ask the civil government to enact laws favoring its views, there is something dangerously carnal in the pur-pose. There is always an intent to com-pel those of contrary views to conform to the ideas of the majority. This was well stated in a report adopted by the American Congress in 1829, as follows : " Extensive religious combinations to effect a political ob-ject are, in the opinion of the com-mittee, always dangerous. All religious despotism commences by combination and influence; and when that influence begins to operate upon the political in-stitutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warn-ing of the consequences." Again: " It is not the legitimate province of the legis-lature to determine what religion is true or what false." These are the ideas that predominated in the minds of the framers of the government. It was not, as often charged, antag-onism to Christianity that prevented a recognition of the Christian religion by the Constitution. There were ieople then, as now, who clamored to have " God in the Constitution." But every 15 