EDITORIAL THE right of choice in religious mat-ters is divine. ttg tV sit THOSE who employ force in religion make more hypocrites and infidels than converts. Ł !V !V THE equality of all religions before the law can only be made possible when the state refuses to recognize the tenets of any religious sect or sects. Ł tV !V THE only service and religion that is accepted by God is freewill service and heart religion. The state can enforce only head religion, which is hypocrisy. tV !V !V A GOSPEL of loye and mercy, which wins and draws men, is the message of the true church ; while a gospel ( ?) of law and force, which compels and drives men, is the pronouncement of a false church. Ł Of SIE IN a republic, the majority rules in civil matters only. In religious matters, the majority has no more right to coerce the minority than the minority has to coerce the majority. A failure to recog-nize this principle has been the cause of all the persecutions of the past. Of ttF tV THE man who says, " If our Sunday laws do not suit you, get out of the re-public," ought to apply to an autocratic government for a position as inquisitor for heretics or as transportation agent for exiles. The American Republic has yet to establish such a bureau. Rome had her Patmos, Russia has her Siberia, and some American colonies and States have 182  had their pillories and chain gangs ; but the American Republic has not yet estab-lished an exile country for persons who dare to differ from thoseŁwho imagine they have a monopoly and exclusive gov-ernment sanction for their puritanical Sunday blue law notions. !V IV tV WHEN the church organizes its mem-bers into religious societies for the pur-pose of promulgating the interests of the church and religion, and these religious auxiliaries in turn form a coalition with the state, elect or defeat public officials, and secure the passage of Sunday laws and other sectarian measures by their direct and combined influence in politics, it is just as much a union of church and state as if the church did it openly. Mighty religious combinations whose purpose is to crush the religious minority through political intrigues are even more dangerous than the most formidable financial trusts. tV THE inalienable rights of man, the free exercise of conscience, and religious lib-erty for the individual or the minority, are becoming empty platitudes with many who call themselves Americans. They 'enjoy elucidating the theory upon state occasions, and swaying the multitude by the power of their oratory; but in reality they do not believe that these God-given rights are for their neighbors unless they are of the same faith and persuasion as the ruling majority. Many argue that their religious liberty is interfered with unless everybody is compelled to rest on Sunday when they rest. Now, if they were truly unselfish and believed in the golden rule in this matter, they would ask 