LIBERTY express it." Now, with a nation, as a political institution, adopting in its fun- damental law a " Christian " creed, what have we, and what can we have, but a union of church and state? And when we have that, we have just what New England had in colonial days when she wrote on the bleeding backs of many a good Christian some chapters of history that we blush to read to-day. Dr. J. S. Martin explained the position of the organization upon this question, as follows : Š " While I am opposed to the union of church and state, I am just as much op- posed to the actual divorcing of the state from religion. You can put the same principle into two institutions without uniting the two institutions at all." But the church is religion personified, religion in action. Religion is the church's very life and breath. Take re-ligion out of the church, and you take the soul out of the body. A church without religion is only a society, a club, a lyceum. Then to take that which is the breath, the life;  the soul, of the church and unite it with the state, is to unite the church and the state as truly as union can be formed between any two things; and that fact is more appar-ent when we consider another fact, which is this: When religion is united with the state, the church, which is the visible expression of organized religion, proceeds at once to dominate the state in all its functions; for who but the church can formulate the religious principles which are to be united with the state? That puts every act of the state under the direct supervision of the church. " It is up to us,' " said Dr. Martin, " to say what the religion of this country shall be." How can that be done except by the nation establishing one religion and proscribing all others ? And what is that but the Papacy under a different management? And if they can say what religion shall be the religion of the na-tion, they can also say what branch of that religion shall be established as the religion of the nation. Said the same speaker: " If the state accepts the re- ligion of Jesus Christ as its religion, and seeks to be governed by the will of God, you can safely trust that state [not to persecute]. . . . I am not afraid of per-secution or infringement upon the rights of individual citizens under a Christian administration." He admitted, however, that " the state would have to be the in- terpreter of the law of God as it applies to men, and it might make mistakes." That admission is fatal. It shows con- clusively that their program contem- plates in reality a union of church and state. Only where church and state are united does the state ever set itself up as the interpreter of the law of God as it applies to men. There is no denying the conclusion that with the state interpret-ing the law of God as it applies to men, there is a union of church and state. The doctor declared that such a state would be " most considerate of the rights of the individual." But no state with an established church has ever shown a clean record in the matter of consideration for the religious rights of men. Find a state that is legally joined to religion, and you find a state that is utterly unable to look with impartial eyes upon all its subjects in matters of con-science. This unfair treatment of men has been characteristic of every nation of the world that has made an alliance with any religion in the world ; and the better the religion, the more that mesal-hance has crushed the consciences and seared the souls of men; for the nearer true the religion, the stronger the hold it obtains upon the consciences, of indi-viduals, and the more cruel becomes the work of the state in enforcing its relig-ious requirements. No religion in the world when united with any governing power in the world is a safe custodian for the consciences of men. In so far as religion and political power are united, religion becomes drunken with power, and politics parades in the garb of hy-pocrisy. Each trespasses upon the rights of the other, and both trespass upon the rights of the individual. This is the invariable teaching and the inera-sable record of history. 