Out of Intolerance Into Freedom C. E. HOLMES THE attempt to incorporate the name of God in the federal Constitution, and " place all the Christian laws, institu-tions, and usages of our government on an undeniable legal basis in the funda-mental law of the land," is distinctly a backward step. The repudiation of big-otry and intolerance inaugtirated when our Constitution was framed and adopted, should have continued until every trace of church-and-state union was obliterated. Coming out of the darkness of intol-erance into the light of freedom, our forefathers were insensibly blinded to some of the darkness that still remained. Few today who enjoy the fruit of their toil and sacrifice realize the great step that was taken by them. They can hardly be blamed for retaining some of the lesser evils. When our Constitution became the su-preme law, many of the States still had established churches, in spirit if not in letter. Statutes were upon their books discriminating against men and women because they were Jews, Baptists, Quak-ers, infidels, or disbelievers in the Trin-ity, etc. " There still linger among the usages of our governmental system some traces of the old concordat between church and state. HousesŁ of Congress, local legis-latures, and courts of justice are opened with prayer. The Bible is more or less read in the public schools. Presidents and governors issue annual proclama-tions of thanksgiving to Almighty God. Chaplains are appointed in the army and navy. On one of the less precious of our coins is stamped the words, ' In God we trust.' "Š Bishop W. R. Huntington, in " The Church Idea," page 128. But instead of molding these relics of church-and-state union in the foundation of the nation, our forefathers dug down deep into the quarry of truth, and drew forth for the building the foundation 112 stone of civil and religious freedom. There was set before the States a beacon light that, if followed, would have led them to the full light of liberty. But many of the States failed to fol-low this light. There still remain nu-merous religious Sunday laws and other vestiges of church control. While the result hoped for in the example set by the Constitution has not been attained in theory, it has to a large degree been ob-tained in fact. These ecclesiastical laws have fallen into disuse. It is to be regretted, however, that there are today those who would have this country follow in the path of the colonies. Instead of endeavoring to se-cure the repealing of the persecuting statutes of bygone days and bringing the States up to the generous liberties of the Constitution, they would drag the Con-stitution back to where the States were before the great Magna Charta of our nation was ever thought of. " Our national Constitution took ad-vance ground when it forbade Congress to establish religion or to 'prohibit its free exercise, and recognizes no religious test as a qualification for office or public trust. Some of our States even yet have not advanced so far. There are still survivals in the constitutions of that ear-lier, more intolerant spirit which now seems so strangely out of place."Š James Quayle Dealey, in " Our State Constitu-tions," page 62. We believe that many of the men who freed this country from political and re-ligious tyranny were men of deep reli-gious feeling and experience: In their unbounded happiness in being so .provi-dentially freed from unjust domination which had fettered men for so many cen-turies, it is not strange that great recog-nition should be made of God. The Presbytery Eastward, in Massa-chusetts and New Hampshire, sent a Christian address " to Pres. George 