LIBERTY 45 hands. There is no Sunday period of rest and no protection for the overworked employ-ees of our daily papers. Do these need no rest or protection? The bare suggestion of these considerations shows the injustice and inequality of such laws.' " In conclusion the justice quoted the fol-lowing opinion from Judge Cooley : Š " Every one has a right to demand that he be governed by general rules, and a special statute that singles his case out as one to be regulated by a different law from that which  brought on the complaint of one who, after having become indebted to the merchant, be-came angry when called on to settle his ac-count. Any Sunday law thus becomes an open call for just such malicious cases to arise, and therefore every door of the kind should be closed against these possibilities. " Voice of the People " The 1858 law [of California] became in-operative, but was not repealed until 1883. It came about in this way : In the political con- THE TRUE DESIGN OF SUNDAY LAWS is applied to all similar cases would not be legitimate legislation, but an arbitrary man-date unrecognized by the law.' " The decision was next rendered, in which the full bench concurred : The prisoner is discharged.' " Yet another more recent case has been brought to public notice. A Mr. Krieger, of Hitchcock, Okla., was arrested for keeping open his place of business on Sunday. The Blaine County court decided the case against him, though he had regularly shut his place of business on Saturday. The judgment of the lower court was reviewed by the State supreme court, and reversed. Judge Brett rendered the opinion, in which the entire bench concurred. This was a notable suit because of having been  ventions held in the autumn of 1882, the Re-publicans of California adopted in their plat-form a plank favoring Sunday laws. The Democrats, however, went to the polls with a determined voice to abolish all legal Sunday restrictions, and for the first time in its his-tory, California elected a Democratic governor and controlling legislature by a majority of 17,517, which was a distinct voice of the peo-ple against Sunday laws. " From that time on successive attempts have been made by a certain element for the re-vival of enforced Sunday rest. So far was this carried that in the year 1914 the initiative was invoked in its behalf. Great surprise was manifested, however, when the returns showed the decisive majority against the Sunday-law 