An Inverted Pyramid BY L. A. SMITH THE various systems established in the earth for the purpose of bringing man under the domination of his fellow man, often present to us a towering volume of assumption standing upon an infinites-imal basis of fact. No more striking example of such an inverted pyramid can be found, probably, than that represented in the claims put forth by the head of the papal church. In the coronation service of the Ro-man pontiffs, these words are addressed to the papal sovereign: Š " Take thou the tiara adorned with the triple crown, and know that thou art the father of princes and of kings, and art the governor of the world." The Roman Pontiff assumes authority over kings and princes, and assumes the right to be the governor of the world. A tremendous claim, surely ! And in the light of papal history, it is very clear that it is not put forth as a mere piece of flattery by the pontiff's adherents. Wherever they have possessed the power, the popes or their representatives have actually exercised just this authority over mankind. They have assumed to be rul-ers in every sphere of human activity. From the cradle to the grave, the con-trolling hand of the priest is laid upon his parishioners' affairs, and not even those of the most private nature are ex-empt from his prying inquisition. In this tremendous claim to be the governor of the world, is included the right to prescribe the conduct of all in-dividuals,Š to tell the people how they must vote, how they must marry, how they must educate their children, how they must spend their money, what they must read, what gatherings they must at-tend and what not, and just what dogmas they must accept as spiritual truth. It includes the right to interfere in all the affairs of state, and if need be, to absolve citizens -from allegiance to their sover- 166 eign. Such are the facts attested upon all the pages of papal history. Such authority as this residing in the Roman pontiffs would surely, one would think, be able to justify itself by the most convincing proofs. Certainly it would be supposed that the evidence of its right-fulness must he as weighty as the hills and as clear as the noonday sun. But when we come to look for such evidence, what do we find? We find only this : that, in the first place, Christ spoke certain words to Peter which are interpreted to mean that the Christian church was to be built on Peter, and that Peter was to have au-thority in the church. The inspired Rec-ord on this point says, " I [Christ] say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church ; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven : and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven : and whatso-ever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven." Matt. 16: 18, 19. Did this utterance make Peter the fa-ther of princes and of kings, and the governor of the world? Did it confer on him authority to regulate the conduct of all people, in public and in private af-fairs ? Certainly there is nothing in the text to suggest such a meaning as this. It is not even asserted here that the Christian church, as Catholics claim, is built on Peter; an analysis of the Greek text disposes of this claim. Nor did Peter himself ever assert such a claim. Neither did Peter ever essay to be the chief authority in the church ; much less to be a lord over kings and the governor of the world. The tremendous authority assumed to reside in the Roman Pontiff, and actually exercised by him over people and princes whenever opportunity permits, is shown 