LIBERTY  5 (12 are wrong in principle and oppressive in application, than to enact more laws of the same kind. Q.Ñ Do you not believe in obeying ex-isting laws? A.Ñ Every Christian citizen will loy-ally obey the laws of the state so long as they deal with subjects within the sphere of civil government, even though they may seem unjust and oppressive, but human law which requires one to disobey God's law is an encroachment upon the rights of conscience, a flagrant usurpa-tion of power, and may properly be dis-regarded. The testimony of history jus-tifies this view. The three Hebrew worthies refusing to bow down to Neb-uchadnezzar's image, Daniel making his prayer to his God contrary to the law of the Medes and Persians, Jesus and his disciples preaching a new religion con-trary to Roman law, and the martyrs of all ages, declare with united voices that " We ought to obey God rather than men." Q.Ñ Do you believe in the ten com-mandments? A.ÑYes; but the ten commandments constitute the law of God, and are not to be enforced as such by legislation. Q.Ñ Do you believe that it is proper to legislate upon stealing? A.Ñ Stealing is an offense against civil society, a disregard of the rights of prop- erty, and is therefore a proper subject for, legislation; but stealing should be punished as a crime and not as a trans-gression of God's law. Q.Ñ Why is it proper to legislate upon one commandment, and not upon an-other? A.Ñ It is not proper to legislate upon any one of God's commandments. No legislature has been granted authority to represent God in the enforcement of his taw. Q.Ñ Is not stealing a sin against God also ? A.ÑYes; but civil government was not ordained either to define or to punish sin. Q.Ñ What do you think would be the moral effect upon the community if all the Sunday laws should be abolished? A.Ñ The morals of the community are not primarily the concern of civil govern-ment. It is the duty of the state to pro-tect every citizen in the enjoyment of his rights, but it is not within its province to attempt to regulate the conduct of its citizens Ñ only so far as is necessary to prevent one from encroaching upon the equal rights of others. God has ordained other agencies to minister to the morals of the people, and the state can not un-dertake this work without passing beyond its legitimate sphere. The fact that the State of California has had no Sunday law for many years, and yet maintains as high a standard of morals as other States, is a sufficient answer to this ques-tion. Cardinal Gibbons's Views on Church and State PLAUSIBLE in its statements and gen-erally dignified in tone, is the article by Cardinal Gibbons entitled " The Church and the Republic," in The North Amer-ican Review for March. In view of Cardinal Gibbons's position as head of the Roman Catholic Church in America, it is fitting that some attention should be paid to his utterances, which represent the Catholic position on the proper rela-tion between church and state. Referring to the general attitude of Roman Catholics toward the American form of government, Cardinal Gibbons states the case thus : Ñ They prefer its form of government before any other. They admire its in-stitutions and the spirit of its laws. They accept the Constitution without reserve, with no desire, as Catholics, to see it changed in any feature. They can with a clear conscience swear to uphold it. 