58 LIBERTY I have due regard for the observance of the Sabbath, and I believe it should be observed, but I do not believe in legislation compelling one to observe it. . . . Very soon after we became a nation and had organized government, we abandoned that kind of legislation. It was the legislation that resulted in whipping people at the tail of the cart, placing them in stocks, branding them on the hands, etc. That was this kind of legislation under which some person or coterie of persons undertook to set them-selves up as the censors of the morals of the people. I thought that age had passed. I never expected to see it revived, and I never expected to see an attempt made in the Congress of the United State to prescribe rules that are intended, I presume, to supplement the ten commandments.Š Ex-Senator Heyburn, in Congressional Record, May 26, 1911. and Remonstrance," said : " Who does not see that the same authority which can establish Christianity, in exclusion of all other religions, may establish, with the same ease, any particular sect of Christians, to the exclusion of all other sects?" 2  The greater includes the lesser ; " and as the First Amendment was designed to prohibit the legal establishment of any religion, even the Christian religion, or the regulation by law of religious wor-ship, even of Christian worship ; so, tco, it must forbid not only the establishment of any sect of any religion, even of the Christian religion, but also the imposition upon anybody of the observance of any of the institutions, not only of the Chris-tian religion but of any religion ; for the words of the Amendment are, " Con-gress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." That which is imposed or required as a duty cannot be said to be freely exercised. One is not " free " to do that which he must do ; that which is done of necessity cannot be properly spoken of as being of choice. That this is not a forced nor technical conclusion is evident from the fact that it is the view uniformly taken by both legislators and judges. In his " Consti-tutional Limitations " (chap. 13, par. 1, See " Writings of James Madison," published by order of Congress (Philadelphia, 1865), Vol. I, p. 162, et seq. fifth edition), Judge Cooley declares that the American constitutions " have not established religious toleration merely, but religious equality ; in that particular, being far in advance not only of the mother country, but also of much of the colonial legislation, which, though more liberal than that of other civilized coun-tries, nevertheless exhibited features of discrimination based upon religious be-liefs or professions." Sunday Mail Report of 2829 , Jan. 19, 1829, Hon. Richard M. John-son, of Kentucky, chairman of the Senate Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to which had been submitted a number of petitions praying that Sunday mail service be discontinued, submitted a report in behalf of the committee, which report was concurred in by the Senate. The position taken in this report was : Š The proper object of government is to pro-tect all persons in the enjoyment of their re-ligious as well as civil rights, and not to de-termine for any whether they shall esteem one day above another, or esteem all days alike holy.. . . Our government is a civil, and not a religious, institution. Our Constitution recognizes in every person the right to choose his own reli-gion, and to enjoy it freely without molesta-tion.. . . Among all the religious persecutions with which almost every page of modern history is stained, no victim ever suffered but for the violation of what government denominated the law of God.Š" American State Papers," Class VII, p. 225, et seq. Charles Spurgeon said: " I am ashamed of some Christians because they have so much dependence on Parliament and the law of the land. Much good may Parliament ever do to true religion, except by mistake. As to getting the law of the land to touch our religion, we earnestly cry, Hands off ! leave us alone! ' Your Sunday bills and all other forms of act-of-Parliament religion seem to me to be all wrong. Give us a fair field and no favor, and our faith has no cause to fear. Christ wants no help from Csar." 