54 LIBERTY work more than six days in seven." By this law they are permitted to arrange for any day that may be best suited to their wishes, with the liberty to use it for rest in their own way. What more need be asked as a day of rest? It is sufficient, and will satisfy all save those who would ignore the religious rights of the people. The Religious Liberty Association has taken a leading part in preserving the lib-erty vouchsafed to us by the founders of the nation. In this work it has had the assistance of many prominent men, Christians and non-Christians, Catholics, Protestants, and men of no religious connection or belief. That association stands, and has always stood, for the greatest liberty of the individual con-sistent with the equal rights of all men. Standing on such a platform, it must necessarily oppose the enactment of any law that would enforce any religious tenet or ordinance upon the people. That is why the association is now opposing a Sunday law for California, and feels in duty bound to continue such opposition. While California enjoys such liberty as she is now blessed with, it must be remembered that she is young, and her people have been living close to nature's  freedom. There is danger that age may bring in many artificial ways, and among them laws enforcing religious tenets, such as Sunday observance, the support of religious schools by public taxation. At this time California is facing a new political condition. The women have been given the right of franchise, and they outnumber the men. The people have the right of the initiative, and, through this means, it is now proposed by the advocates of Sunday laws to bring the question before the people for their vote, independent of the legislature. In 1882 the men, who alone were en-titled to vote, gave their overwhelming testimony against the enactment of a Sunday law. We sincerely hope that both the men and the women of this State, whether or not they observe Sun-day as a religious day, possess and will manifest enough spirit of true American liberty to vote against the enactment of a Sunday law. Otherwise they would establish, by law, a religious institution. and thus open the way for still further religious legislation, which would, as it has always done in the past, bring per-secution and martyrdom. San Diego, Cal. The Moral Condition in California JOHN ORR CORLISS FOR some years it has been the cus-tom for certain " reformers " from the East to term California a pagan State because she has no compulsory Sunday-rest law upon her statute-books. It is true that California has no law requiring all her citizens to rest on the first day of the week, but it is positively untrue that her people are lacking in those qualities that characterize desirable citizens. If compared with the dwellers of any other State in the American Union, Califor-nia's sons and daughters will be found as public-spirited, as generous-hearted, and doubtless as religious as the best among them all. They are not found lagging in those  enterprises which make for the upbuild-ing of spiritual life. There are as many church spires pointing heavenward from California soil, and as many people in that State regularly attending church services, as in any other State, in pro-portion to its population. Not many days ago this sentiment was reported to have been strongly emphasized in a gath-ering of San Francisco clergymen; and yet at the same time they were express-ing their regrets that no Sunday law exists in the State. With this favorable condition freely admitted, it is not easy to divine why a Sunday-rest law should be demanded, unless it be for the sole purpose of for- 