LIBERTY 7 their liberation from the bondage of a Sab-batical law; for " where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty." Garrison's Speech upon the Resolutio-s Of all the assumptions on the part of legislative bodies, that of interfering be-tween a man's conscience and his' God is the most unsupportable and the most in-excusable. For what purpose d o we elect men to go to the Gen-eral Court? Is it to be our law-givers on re-ligious mat-ters ? . . . This pass-ing a law forbidding me or you to do on a particular day what is i n itself right, on the ground that that day, in the judg-ment of those w h o make the enactment, is more holy than an- other, Š this exer- cise o f power, I af-firm, is no-thing better than usur-pation. It is the spirit which in all ages has persecuted those w h o have been loyal to God and their consciences. It is a war upon con-science, and no religious conclave or polit-ical assembly ever yet carried on that war successfully to the end. You can not by enactment bind the consciences of men, nor force men into obedience to what God requires. Who wants to be persecuted on account of his own conscientious views? I will ask  the first-day Sabbatarian : Do you claim a right to entertain your views, without mo-lestation, in regard to the holiness of time? Š Most assuredly. How do you make it out that the first day of the week is the Sabbath ? Š" I believe it to be so ; if it is not, to my own Master I stand or fall. Under a government which avowedly toler-ates all be-liefs, I claim t h e right, as a first - day Sabba-tarian, to keep that day as the Sabbath." Well, I do n o t assail that right. I claim the right also to have my own views of the day; the right to sanctify the first, second, or third, or all days, as I think proper. Now I turn to that first-day Sabba-tarian, and ask him how he dares to dictate to me to keep the day which he regards a s holy, and to say, " If you do not obey me, I will put my hands into your pocket, and takeout as much as I please in the shape of a fine; or if I find nothing there, I will put you in prison; or if you resist enough to require it, I will shoot you dead." How dare he do this? If he is not a ruffian, is he a Christian? Talk of the spirit of justice animating the bosom of the man who comes like a highwayman with, " Do or die! " Who made him a ruler over other men's consciences? In a gov- 