164  LIBERTY' freely to express his conviction concern-ing any religion, whether it is true or false, and no law of any government should in any way interfere to silence the voice, whether it is on the platform, in the pulpit, or the press. So long as personalities are avoided, and nothing libelous about the character of the indi-vidual professing religion is stated, no interference by the state is to be brooked. Grant the right of the state to interfere with the free and untrammeled discussion of religion, and the Bible itself can no longer be preached. In the Old Testa-ment repeatedly do we find the religion of the time denounced by priest and prophet, and the people who alone pro-fessed the " holy religion " were censured for their apostasy from the truth. Baal-worship was not spared, and no matter what the position of the apostate, his conscience was goaded by the spirit of reform and righteousness. In the New Testament, the story is the same. The voice of John the Baptist rang out, in no uncertain tone decrying the errors of the religionists of his time ; and later the voice of the Son of God was heard in unison with that of the man sent from God, whose name was John. With tears in his voice, Jesus Christ made known the errors of those who professed to be the only true church, and urged a return to the simplicity of truth. Apostle after apostle entered the ranks of protesters, and in this way the truth of the gospel triumphed. Truth is not afraid of investigation ; it invites it. In the book of Revelation terrible de-nunciations of error are to be found, and persistent pleas made to all to forsake systems of religion professing to be Christian, but which are proved to be false. The wrath of God is to be inflicted upon those who are followers of a re-ligious system denominated by the term Babylon, and his people are urged to forsake the wrong way and worship God. Flow could this message, yea, how could the entire Bible be preached, if the state is granted the right to interfere with free religious discussion? Religion, whether it is true or false, may be freely proclaimed by its adher-ents, and the province of the state is to protect each person in his right to advo-cate that which he believes to be the truth. A religion which would use the sword of steel to silence the voice of an antag-onist, cannot be the religion of Him who told Peter to put up the sword of steel lest he perish with it. True religion, like pure gold, will shine with added luster as it is rubbed by honest investiga-tion or caustic criticism. Truth silenced is like water dammed by rubbish; it gath-ers force by opposition, and eventually sweeps away the rubbish, and makes fer-tile and fragrant the life into which it is permitted to flow. Christianity asks no favors from the state, and protests against all interference, no matter what the source. Takoma Park, D. C. stE  111 Looking to the State for Morality IT is one drawback to the faith in legis-lation which seems to prevail in certain quarters, that it tends to throw into the background the things which should be central. Men look to acts of Parliament for a new heaven and a new earth, and all the time sin and death are outstand-ing quantities, negligible remainders, ap-parently, to be thought about after the bills have been carried which are to make everything else new. A disposition is fostered which expects from law what law can never yield, and every advance in legislation is followed by a disappoint-ment, not rarely by a reaction. It is not sufficiently considered that the law, which registers the average sense of right and wrong in the community, is only a challenge to the ingenuity of the bad ; it does nothing to make them good. Pram.: it as subtly as men will, it is only a docu-ment after all, and the chances are that the wild living intellect of man will get around it somehow. The church's direct interest is not in framing acts of Parlia-ment, no matter how Christian their mo- 