36 LIBERTY A Dangerous Step A. SMITH FROM time to time bills have been introduced in Congress and in State legislatures providing for the enforce-ment upon the people of the observ-ance of Sunday as a day of rest and cessation from labor, trade, and rec-reation otherwise lawful. Although framed in the guise of professed sym-pathy for the laboring classes, their re-ligious character is too poorly concealed to escape observation. A law to enforce any tenet of relig- body else, into prison, or to inflict any penalty upon those who refused to obey his word. The church that undertakes to coerce those who do not choose to accept her dogmas is not the church of Jesus Christ, but is an apostate. John Wesley said : " Let every one enjoy the full and free liberty of think-ing for himself. If you can not reason or persuade a man into the truth, never attempt to force a man into it." Dr. Adam Clarke wrote : " No other kind of constraint [than prayers, counsels, and entreaties] is ever rec-ommended in the gospel of Christ. Every other kind of compulsion is antichristian, c a n b e submitted to only by cowards a n d knaves, and can produce noth-ing but hypocrites. The church which tolerates, encourages, and prac-tises persecution, under the pretense of concern for the purity of the faith and zeal for the glory of God, is not the church of Christ, and no man can be of such a church without endan-gering his salvation." Dr. Albert Barnes said : " If we can have a Sabbath maintained by a health-ful popular sentiment rather than by human laws, Christianity is safe in this land, and our country is safe. If not, the Sabbath, and religion, and liberty will die together." Ministers of the gospel are solemnly charged to " preach the word." 2 Tim. 4: 2. Said Paul, " Knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we persuade men." 2 Cor. 5: II. When ministers neglect their high and holy calling and undertake to co- erce men by civil law, or otherwise, they transcend their orders, and become out of harmony with the gospel. Grandville, Mich. \ IVERSITY OF COLORADO (IN. THE DISTANCE) , FOUNDED 1877, JAMES H. BAKER, LL. D., PRESIDENT ion may not apparently be, in itself, an establishment of religion, but it would be a dangerous step in that direction, and subversive of the principles of re-ligious liberty guaranteed by our na-tional Constitution, which declares, " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free exercise thereof." The Author of the Christian religion said, " My kingdom is not of this world." John 18 : 36. To his people he says, " Ye are not of the world, but I have chosen you out of the world." John 15 : 19. " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not." Christ said of his followers, " The devil shall cast some of you into prison." But he gave his people no permission to cast one another, or any- 