BENJAMIN FRANKLIN 2 LIBERTY cago Exposition of 1893, the St. Louis Exposition of 1904, the Lewis-Clark (Port-land, Ore.) Exposition of 19o5, and the Jamestown Exposition of 1907. To the Chicago exposition Congress ap-propriated $2,500,000, conditioned upon Sunday closing; to the St. Louis, $5,000,-000, upon the same condition ; to the Lewis-Clark, a less amount, but upon the same Sunday-closing condition ; and to the James-town. $250,000, with the same proviso. It is not at all probable that Congress, if left to itself, would attach any such relig-ious and incongruous conditions to its ap-propriations. And we have not far to seek for convincing proof of this. In " Docu-ment No. 58 " of the New York Sabbath Committee, page 9, appears the following statement : Š " In the matter of the St. Louis Expo-sition of 1904, a bill appropriating five million dollars for that purpose passed the House of Repre-sentatives without a Sunday-closing c o n - dition. When reported to the Senate, Feb. 20, 1901, an amend-ment was offered by Senator Teller as fol-lows : That as a con-dition precedent to the payment of this appropriation the di-rectors shall contract to close the gates to visitors on Sunday, during the whole du-ration of the Fair.' This amendment was drafted by Secretary W. F. Crafts, of the Reform Bureau, and introduced at his re-quest. The New York Sabbath Committee supported this measure by influential pres-sure in numerous ways at Washington. Other societies, from many sections of the country, added their protests, and the bill as thus amended was passed by the Senate. accepted by the House, and signed by the President. The Directors, after some delay, signed the contract for Sunday closing, and the triumph of its friends was complete." This shows that the bill appropriating money for the St. Louis Exposition was introduced, and passed the lower house of Congress without any Sunday-closing con-dition. But finally a Sunday-closing amend-ment was introduced into the bill. And  this New York Sabbath Committee docu-ment very kindly informs us how it got there. It says: " This amendment was drafted by Secretary W. F. Crafts, of the Reform Bureau, and introduced at his re-quest." Then the New York Sabbath Committee came to the support of this measure " by influential pressure in nu-merous ways at Washington," other socie-ties joined in the crusade, Congress yielded, the directors finally " signed the contract," and the triumph of the friends of Sun-day observance secured by law and bribery was complete ! The means by which the Sunday closing of the St. Louis Exposition was secured were simply repeated in the case of the Lewis-Clark and the Jamestown Exposi-tions. Religious lob-bying at Washington and church pressure did it. Comment is hardly necessary. The trans-parency of the thing is perfect. It is the old story over again of bigoted, fanatical religious propagand-ists seizing upon some great public enterprise, and yo-king with it some theological dogma or doctrine that has not sufficient life and vi-tality in itself to stand alone, but must needs be exploited, advanced, and up-held by the state at public expense. Ben-jamin Franklin spoke well when he said: " When religion is good it will take care of itself, when it is not able to take care of itself, and God does not see fit to take care of it, it is evidence to my mind that its cause is a bad one." Let the misguided friends of enforced Sunday observance ponder this. To secure Sunday observance by bribery or by law may unite church and state, but it is no triumph for Łtrue Sabbath ob-servance. " God is a Spirit : and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth." Forced worship is worth-less. To exhibit a Sabbath observed by compulsion is no credit to the fair name of America. Now as ever, this country should stand for religious freedom. 