From the Spokesman-Review TWO VIEWS OF THE CHORUS OF UNIVERSAL PEACE 28 LIBERTY " The barrenness of results from the International Peace Conference at The Hague with especial reference to the great questions in which the world is interested, causes regret, but no surprise, in Paris." The accompanying illustration pictures graphically the real situation. While the nations are talking of universal peace, they are arming themselves, and preparing for Armageddon Š for universal war. And thus God has said it would be in the closing up of this world's history. Isaiah says that " in the last days " it shall come to pass that " many people shall go and say, Come ye, and let us go up to the mountain of the Lord, to the house of the God of Jacob. . . . And he shall judge among the nations, and shall rebuke many people ; and they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruning-hooks; nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more." Isa. 2: 3, 4. But while the people are saying this, God says : " Proclaim ye this among the Gen-tiles : Prepare war, wake up the mighty men, let all the men of war draw near ; let them come up: beat your plowshares into swords, and your pruning-hooks into spears : let the weak say, I am strong." Joel 3: 9, io. And this, under the decep-tive influences of evil spirits (Rev. 16: 12-14), the na-tions are doing. The apostle Paul, writing of these times, said: " But of the times and the seasons, brethren, ye have no need that I write unto you. For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh as a thief in the night. For when they shall say, Peace and safety ; then sudden destruction cometh upon them; . . . and they shall not escape." 1 Thess. 5: 1-3. Instead of univer-sal peace, therefore, the world is about to plunge into the awful time of trouble such as never was since there was a nation, and the seven last plagues, foretold by Daniel and the Revelator. See Daniel 12 and Revelation 16. Then Christ will come and bring an end to this order of things and to all earthly kingdoms, and begin his everlasting reign. Let none be deceived, therefore, into thinking that peace, and the world's con-version, and Christ's kingdom are to be brought about by religious legislation. This is a delusion and a snare. Peace is a most desirable condition; but lasting peace can come only through Christ, not through politics. " WHERE legal enactment begins, moral suasion ends."Š Christian Union. 