Francis Scott Key, author of " The Star Spangled Banner; " the Key Mansion, still standing in Washington, D. C.; and the banner he hoped might always wave over a great and free country Monument to the Unknown Dead, who gave their lives for the principles that " have made and preserved us a nation." National Cemetery, Arlington, Va. LIBERTY 5 therefore greatly encouraged by the change which this Christian citizenship movement has wrought in the methods of church work. Thus Rev. J. T. Mc-Crory, of Pittsburg, Pa., a leading Na- tional Reformer, and for some time president of the Pennsylvania Christian Endeavor Society, says: Š Let me call your attention first to the fact that the aspect of the cross is under-going a great change in this re-gard. There was a time, not so long ago either, when the cross was viewed almost exclusively in reference to the salvation of the individual. . . . Now, if I under-stand it aright, it is one purpose of this great Endeavor movement to enthrone Christ in our national life. If national religion instead of personal piety is a thing to be de-sired, then Christians have reason to rejoice at the departure from the old paths of Christian work. If devoting less time to saving men as individuals and more time to saving them as nations is an indica-tion of a return to apostolic power and purity, and will advance the kingdom of God, then the omens are indeed prom-ising. If, however, this change indicates a departure from gospel methods and ideas, and means the secularization and  degradation of religion,Š a union, in fact, of church and state,Š then every move in this direction should be a cause for alarm to every Christian. There are many who deplore this new departure. They see in it a movement away from New Tes-tament practises and principles. The Herald and Presbyter says : Š The gospel began its mission for the renovation of the world with the exhortation, " Repent, and be baptized every one of von." It did not direct its ef-forts to institutions, but to indi-viduals. And so it must be now. So it will be if the Spirit is poured out. To talk about the revival of civic righteousness as the great need of the times is reversing the divine order it is putting the effect before the cause; it is trying to build the house without gathering the material. We can not have a Christian city without Chris-tian citizens. Men's hearts must be re-newed before we can hope for new social and civic conditions. Let us labor and pray for what people nowadays sneer at as " an old-fashioned revival "Š a re-vival of the fashion of the first revival when Peter preached on the streets of Jerusalem. Rev. Arthur S. Burrows (Baptist), of Boston, writes : Š 