180 LIBERTY were at one time succeeding with the king; for just here applies the record of Dan. Jo : 13, with its revelation of the part the angels of heaven sometimes act in human history. Daniel was in those days seeking God in special prayer. For three weeks he had continued, when an angel came to him. The heavenly messenger explained that at the begin-ning of the prophet's supplication his prayer had been heard, but during that three weeks of waiting the angel had been held working with the king. The angel was no doubt seeking to influence the king to reject the counsel of the en-emies of God's work. " The prince of the kingdom of Persia," said the angel, "withstood me one and twenty days: but, lo, Michael, one of the chief princes, came to help me." The time had come for the work to be done, and the living God who had declared it, brought it to pass. Bearing Witness to Alexander Alexander the Great, king of Grecia, victor over Persia, was nearing Jeru-salem, intent on punishing the city. The gates opened, and a procession of priests went out to meet him. The Jew-ish historian Josephus states that they bore in their hands the scroll of the prophecies of Daniel, written in Chaldea and Persia two hundred years before. From this scroll they read to Alexander the words that the prophet had written concerning Grecia and its career of con-quest. There was the very name of Grecia in the writings, as that of the kingdom that was to follow Medo-Per-sia. (See Dan. 8 : 20, 21.) It was the witness of the living God of heaven to the most brilliant of earthly conquer-ors. The king received it as a message from God, and desisted from his purpose to punish Jerusalem. The Fall of Jerusalem The disciples of Christ had heard him pronounce the words of doom upon Je-rusalem. But there were the temple walls, so massive as to defy any assault, apparently. " And his disciples came to him for to  show him the buildings of the temple. And Jesus said unto them, See ye not all these things? verily I say unto you, There shall not be left here one stone upon another, that shall not be thrown down." Matt 24: I, 2. These words of prophecy came to pass. The Jewish religious leaders condemned Christ, and prevailed upon the civil power to order his execution. They cried, " His blood be upon us." Jo-sephus describes the feelings of Titus, the Roman general, after the fall of Jerusalem, as he looked over the walls and towers :Š " When he saw their solid altitude, and the largeness of their several stones, and the exactness of their joints, as also how great was their breadth, and how ex-tensive their length, he expressed him-self after the manner following :Š " ' We have certainly had God for our assistant in this war, and it was no other than God who ejected the Jews out of these fortifications, for what could the hands of men, or any machines, do toward overthrowing these towers ! ' "ŠWars, book 6, chapter 9. History of World Empire Twenty-five centuries ago, in Baby-lon, the prophet Daniel gave to King Nebuchadnezzar an outline of the gen-eral course of empire from that golden age of Chaldea to the end of time. " After thee," he said to the king, " shall arise another kingdom [Medo-Persia] inferior to thee, and another third king-dom of brass [Grecia], which shall bear rule over all the earth. And the fourth kingdom [Rome] shall be strong as iron." The prophet described the di-vision of the fourth great empire into lesser kingdoms. " The kingdom shall be divided." Every reader of history knows well that this is the exact outline of the course of history. One evening, in India, I had studied this second chapter of Dan-iel with a student of the Calcutta uni-versity. He was a Hindu, a heathen. Well do I remember how, at the close 