ANCIENT GATE IN ROME, THE GATE OF ST. PAUL The True Nature of Liberty J. 0. CORLISS LIBERTY, in the true sense, is the un-restrained enjoyment of natural rights. Natural rights are those Heaven has con-ferred on men with which to meet their responsibilities to the Author of life. In-asmuch as earthly life is an adjunct of the heavenly through the original gift to men (Gen. 2: 7), Heaven's requirements upon humanity are paramount to all other claims,' and should therefore have the first place in every life. The complete standard of liberty, consequently, embraces the right to think without human restraint, and practice re-ligious worship as natural intelligence leads. This extension of liberty is by some defined as religious liberty. Con-cerning such liberty Prof. Philip Schaff, in his " Progress of Religious Freedom," well says : Š Religious liberty is a natural, fundamental, and inalienable right of every man. It is founded in the sacredness of conscience, which is the voice of God in man, and above the reach and control of human authority. There is a law above.all human laws. It is written not on parchments and tables of stone, but on the heart of man by the finger of God.ŠPage 2. 130  in times past, these zeal-ots have been partially appeased by certain acts of toleration, similar to t h a t of Constantine's time, which made a cer-tain form of Christian-ity the religion of the s t a t e. In succeeding generations, this church-and-state f or m w as made the engine of per-secution by Rome against a 11 antipapists. At a later d a t e there a rose reformers who, though claiming the right of protest against the Pope, punished with much severity Anabap- t i s t s, Unitarians, and others who dared to dis-sent from their views. This form of church-and-state union gave the religious majority opportunity to place restrictions upon the worship of all dissenters, and proved a terrible bane to the adherents of Bible forms. These suffered persecution for maintaining the eternal principle, " We ought to obey God rather than men." Acts 5: 29. The apostles certainly did right in declaring this fundamental doctrine, because it is as imperishable as the eternal claims of Jehovah. As man's Creator " he alone is the Author and Lord of conscience," and no earthly power, high or low, is au-thorized to arbitrate between man and his God in matters of faith. It is a self-evident proposition that "liberty of conscience requires liberty of The foregoing sentiment must appeal to the judgment of all except religious bigots, who, assuming that they are held responsible for the religious belief and forms of worship of others, seek to have human laws enacted to enforce their own personal religious views upon all alike. When such a course could not be entirely applied 