tOup), A L OF CWILIVt.110  11)1'11 'IM: DfifM.s'\ LIBERTY 149 " It is a fundamental principle in the United States that all persons, of every sect, faith, or race, are equal before the law. They make no distinction in favor of any ecclesiastical organization. Prelates, priests, and ministers can claim equal protection here, and enjoy equal rank in the eye of the civil law."Š For-eign Relations, 1871, pp. 154, 555. Good Advice Not Followed Shortly after the Crimean War, the representatives of the lead- ing European nations were assembled to talk over the Eastern Question. T h e French plenipotentiary sug-gested that it would be a good time, before they dis-persed, to take " advantage of the circumstance which  ligious leaders keep out of secular affairs. Of course the Pope did not follow this good advice of England's minister; but evidently the people did, for in 1870 the Vicar of Christ was relieved of further secular embarrassments in connection with the Papal States. A Solution to the Question A solution to the question of sending ITARPERS TWEE brings together the repre-sentatives of the principal powers of Europe, to clear up certain questions, to lay down certain principles, to express intentions, in fine, to make certain declarations always and solely with the view of insuring the future tranquillity of the world, by dispelling the clouds which are still seen on the political horizon before they become menacing." When it came his turn, the British representative advised that " for the well-being of the pontifical states, as also for the inter-est of the sovereign author-ity of the Pope, it would therefore, in his opinion, be advantageous to recommend the secularization of the government, and the organ-ization of an administrative system in harmony with the spirit of the age, having for its object the happiness of the people." Š Parliamentary Papers, Vol. LXI, pp. 99-101. It is as true now as when the British plenipotentiary spoke, that the spirit of the age and the happiness of the people demand that the Pope and all other re- a representative to the Vatican is offered to Congress by Mr. Vinson, of Georgia. He has introduced a bill (H. J. Res. 2I),  which, if it becomes a law, will put an end to the constant agitation for an al-liance between this country and the Vat- THE ROMAN HIERARCHY VIEWING AMERICA, THEIR PROMISED LAND, 1870 