) ) LIBERTY ‚'s BABY EMPEROR, RULER OF 450,000,000 PEOPLE state. Again, at just what juncture can the state step iri between a man and his business activity and say, Your busi-ness is absorbing too much of your at-. tention so that you are losing your ap-preciation of individual worth ; you must diminish your activity "? When government reaches the point where it can pass laws based upon the effect of a man's business activity on his own soul, it will have reached a point in pa-ternalism beyond which none of the most paternal governments of old have ever gone. And it is impossible of demonstration that the enactment of a human law establishing a human sab-bath will eradicate from the souls of men the greed for gain. Mr. Jackson introduced a Mr. Chand-ler, who merely registered his desire to  see the bill pass, but made no argument. He was followed by Mr. P. J. Ryan, of the Central Labor Union, who desired to have the measure so amended that mechanics working for the classes exempt from the provi-sions of the bill could have their day of rest. In introducing the next speaker, Mr. Jackson said : " We next call upon Dr. Radcliffe, not as a representative of the clergy of the District of Columbia, but as a resident and public-spirited citizen, to occupy five minutes." Dr. Radcliffe, who is pastor of the New York Avenue Pres-byterian -church, (lid not in any degree whatever live up to his introduction. He let it be known from the start that he was there to " represent a very large and comprehensive com-mittee in the District of Colum-bia, which for the last four or five years has been seeking some such legislation on the part of the District." That large and comprehensive committee is composed of the pastors of the majority of the churches of the District whose aggressive insistence upon the passage of this species of religious legislation is a matter of history. The speaker wished it un-derstood that all the religious organ-izations of the District except the Seventh-day Adventists were repre-sented by him and were urging the pas-sage of the bill. This admission and declaration in itself contradicted Mr. Jackson's introduction and stamped the measure as a church measure. He seemed to feel that there was little hope of a man following the promptings of conscience when the demands of his employer and the needs of his family seemed pressing, forgetting entirely the concrete example present in that council chamber proving his premise false. The chief opposers of the bill were from a 