LIBERTY 187 ships in life which it is just as highly desirable to have conserved and pro-tected as the ones already noted ; and yet these relationships are matters for per-suasion rather than legal regulation. I may not dictate to my neighbor the kind of food he shall provide for himself and family, nor the kind of clothing. Nor may I command him, for his health's sake, to spend eight hours out of every twenty-four in bed. Nor may I com-mand him to rest one day in seven. Nor may I say how he. shall use his means, nor how he shall think on any subject; and many other privileges which are God-given, I may not legally interfere with in any manner. I may persuade, but I can not invoke the force of law where no one's personal right is in-fringed. So in the light of these self-evident facts, the citizen has no authority to del-egate to his lawmaking representative in these last-mentioned matters. And as the authority of each citizen to make his fellow man rest on any day of the week, thus attempting to regulate the other man in the use of his time, or to do any of the things just named, is repre-sented by zero, so a million voters have only a million zeros of authority, which, all told, amount only to zero. The legis-lator himself, having no authority in the matter more than the private citizen, is void of all power, right, or authority to do this work of rest-day legislation; and the whole question of Sabbath observ-ance must fall back upon the command of the Creator, who gives each individual the powers, and privileges, and life, and time to work out the eternal possibilities of character building according to God's own plan. Civil government can not manufacture character-making legisla-t4o-. It can only defend the citizen in the exercise of those rights, the defense of which makes life more tolerable, and thereby favors pure character building. The effort to enforce Sabbath laws, or to enforce a mere day of rest, can not from the foregoing facts be anything less than usurpation of authority, and is as presumptive as to attempt to regulate  a man in the reasonable use of his prop-erty or his brains; for his property is but the concrete storing up of his past time and brain power,Š a mere transforma-tion of time and brains into money or its equivalent. If legislators, are impor-tuned to pass and enforce Sunday laws, by those who fail to appreciate the prin-ciples herein set forth, their only reply can be: You have no authority to dele-gate to us in this matter, and we, having no authority more than yourselves, are powerless to act. The Sunday laws that are on the stat-ute-books of nearly every nation, have come down to us from a time when the doctrine of " the divine right of kings " was interpreted and enforced by those who had assumed to control the con-science and conduct of mankind in gen-eral. What shall be done with them? Let the tide of reform roll forward through proper education until men everywhere shall see what are the true relationships between man and man, and between man and God, and be pre-pared to oppose the enactment of any law that transcends human rights, or in any way interferes with freedom of worship, or assumes to compel the individual to do anything that the Creator has or-dained that he shall voluntarily do or re-frain from doing as best pleases himself. It can not be denied that it would be very desirable to have the true Sabbath fully observed by all citizens. But why should men attempt to force their fel-lows into an outward form of obedience, when the Creator leaves every man free to obey or not, as he chooses? God's rule is not a rule of force, but of love; and human wills may not right-fully undertake to exercise the authority of force in that realm of personal indi-viduality where the Creator himself has refrained from force. But if the pall of darkness must again obscure earth's declining sun, ere it shall set, let the light be so made to shine that true hearts everywhere shall be drawn to its bright-ness. and he thus orenared for the glory th't shall follow earth's night of woe and oppression. 