12 LIBERTY ventist Sanitarium of Washington, D. C.. spoke as follows : Š I wish to say I am in favor of prohi-bition. Reference was made to Seventh-day Adventists which would lead one to think they do not favor prohibition. I am a Seventh-day Adventist. Now, I think that a wrong impression may have been conveyed, not intentionally ; but DR. D. H. KRESS, REPRESENTING WASH-INGTON (S. D. A.) SANITARIUM AT RE-FORMERS' CONCLAVE since we can not read each other's mo-tives, misunderstandings sometimes arise. Some time ago an intoxicated man en-tered a street-car. He fell asleep, and at the end of the line the conductor found it necessary to put the man off the car. A scuffle took place, and the conductor was thrown and killed. The question arose, Who killed the conductor? It was not the intoxicated man, nor was it the liquor seller ; it was the people who li-censed the saloon and granted the right to the saloon-keeper to sell the drink. It does not matter whether the drink is sold on Sunday or upon some other day of the week ; the people who legalize the liquor traffic are responsible for the crimes committed by those who become intoxicated. I favor total prohibition, and I am cer-tain I voice the sentiment of every mem- ber of our church when I say that it favors total prohibition. The prisons are filled with murderers and robbers in spite of the fact that we have laws prohibit-ing murder. Suppose we should say we can not have laws which totally prohibit murder: let us have laws framed that will prohibit murder on Sunday, or on the Fourth of July, or after ten o'clock at night. That would weaken the law. We recognize that the sale of intoxicating liq-uors makes criminals. In fact, the sale of liquor itself is an unjustifiable wrong. If this is so, then we ought to deal with this traffic as we do with murder and with theft Š we should strike for prohi-bition on every day of the week. If this is done, and this question of Sunday leg-islation laid aside, every Seventh-day Adventist will stand shoulder to shoulder with those who are working for the en-forcement of laws prohibiting the sale of drink. It seems to me that it would weaken the cause of prohibition, and that it would be wrong, to suppress drink merely upon Sunday ; for we would thereby be legal-izing this evil on the other days. Let us ask for total prohibition and the clo-sing of saloons on all days. In that Sev-enth-day Adventists can heartily co-operate. I am anxious that this shall be brought about, so that together we may strike heavy blows at this infamous traffic, which is responsible for so much misery and crime. At the conclusion of Dr. Kress's re-marks, Dr. Crafts took the floor, and spoke in part as follows : Š I am sorry I did not hear Dr. Kress's remarks. I have some thoughts along that line. Some of my Seventh-day Ad-ventist friends Š for I am counting them friends Š work with us on eleven points out of twelve. I have been speaking very frequently lately in their sanitariums on both sides of the sea, and have invita-tions to speak at still others. And I want to say, Dr. Kress, that one of the best signs of the times in my mind in all this matter of harmony, is that these invitations have come. People who know me and have thought of me as the very signal for battle, are asking me to come and speak on the very topics on which we do agree, holding any topics on which we do not agree in abeyance. 