LIBERTY . 61 The principle appears again, only more plainly stated, if possible, in Article VI .of the Amendments to the federal Con-stitution : Š " In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been com-mitted, which district shall have been previ-ously ascertained [or defined] by law." But in the case of Hon. Tom Watson, of Georgia, it was seriously threatened by the Attorney-General of the United States, that if a conviction could not be secured in Georgia, he would be indicted and tried in some other State. Not only was Mr. Watson not convicted by a  Georgia jury, but he was declared not guilty. It now remains to be seen whether the Attorney-General will at-tempt to make good his threat, or whether he will abide by the Constitution and the decisions of some of his own courts. If such an attempt should be made, it would be incumbent upon the American people to rebuke it, if they care to preserve their Constitutional rights and the liberty guaranteed to them and to their children by the fundamental law of the land. Mr. Watson's politics, and his peculiar style of journalism, have nothing to do with the question. C. P. B. Ł Sunday "Movies " THE Pilot (Roman Catholic) of Dec. i6, 1916, mentioned a movement " to have ' educational movies ' on Sundays " in Boston. " We know very well," re-marked the Pilot, " that if this comes to pass, the Sunday moving picture shows will be just as ' educational' as the vaudeville shows given on Sunday nights as sacred concerts.' The movies are .bad enough at the present time without having their trail over the Lord's day. How eager the producers are to educate the poor public ! " We may be very dull of comprehen-sion, but we fail to see why the " mov-ies " are worse on Sunday than on other days. There can be only one reason, namely, the real or supposed sacred char-acter of the day; but of that the state has no right to take cognizance. All that the state can legitimately do is to recog-nize facts as they pertain to the customs of the people. A large majority of the people for some reason or reasons satis-factory to them, do not work at their ordinary callings on Sunday. Taking cognizance of this fact, the state prop-erly enough makes Sunday a dies non for all legal matters. Courts do not sit. Elections are not held. Legal papers  are not served. Notes, bills, etc., ma-turing on Sunday are due and payable on the following Monday. This is not designed as an approval by the state of the claim that Sunday is a sacred day, but only a recognition of the fact that many people so regard it and wish to be free on that day from all secular cares. In like manner and for a similar reason, in some States observers of the seventh day are exempt from summons upon that day, not because the state gives its offi-cial approval to the views of these people, but simply because they have the right lo rest and worship on that day, and the state declines to interfere with that right. Now all this is proper enough. In all this the state simply takes cognizance of the customs and wish of the people, and as far as possible, without trenching upon equal rights, undertakes to safeguard as many as possible from unnecessary and useless annoyance on their chosen day of rest. In this the state does not require any-body who does not regard a day as holy to act in any manner as if he did regard it as sacred and different from other days. To the Sunday keeper who feels 