PORFIRIO DIAZ, PRESIDENT OF MEXICO LIBERTY Where is the authority? Says one, " It is in the people, and Congress is the people in legis-lative capacity." But this is un-tenable on two counts: First, the people have delegated to their representatives in Congress no authority to assume the prerog-atives of Deity and institute a sabbath; and second, Jehovah requires of the people that they keep the Sabbath he made, rather than .make one of their own. So long as Jehovah has never delegated to the people of this world any authority to make a sabbath, any attempt on their part to delegate such authority to their representatives in Con-gress is an attempt to usurp the prerogatives of Deity; and therefore any attempt on the part of Congress to create a sabbath for any one would be a double usurpation Š a usurpa-tion of a prerogative which the people have never conferred upon them, and a usurpation of a prerogative which Jehovah has never conferred upon the people individually or collectively. When God smote Uzzah for attempting to steady the ark wherein rested the divine law, he gave the world a lesson which it ought to heed. He who would importune Congress to cre-ate a sabbath is asking this nation to play the part of Uzzah toward the gov- ernment of God, insult the Deity by im-plying, through such legislation, that God is not able to perpetuate a Sabbath without the support of human law. And if men will not observe the Sabbath which Jehovah spoke amid the flames and thunders of Sinai, need we expect them to observe a sabbath spoken on Capitol Hill without any divine manifes-tation or authorization ? If the vending of groceries, fruits, and  meats is a wicked business, it should he prohibited every day in the week. If it is a disreputable business, it should be prohibited not merely a portion of Sun-day, but all of Sunday and all of all other days. What makes an act that is proper on Monday a crime on Sunday ? It is an unassailable conclusion that when an act which is legitimate on Monday is made a crime if performed on Sunday, there is a distinction made in days which nothing but religious sentiment can account for. It is government enforcing religion. The inconsistency of such a law is too apparent to need extended consideration; but we would like to ask why grocers are singled out as the special subjects of en-forced sabbath-keeping? And if they are to be thus singled out, why are they to be granteŁl legislative absolution for 