LIBERTY Ł 21 paratively few who have the courage and moral backbone to speak out their con-victions and act accordingly. In every walk of life it is the same. A short time ago I visited the pro-prietor of one of the principal printing-houses in Spain. During our conversa-tion he said: " We dare not publish any literature on moral or religious subjects that is not authorized by Rome. We would gladly do so, but it would ruin our business. The question is not, Is it good or right? but, Is there a possibility of its offending Rome? " Rome's Idea of Religious Liberty Recently the city of Carta-gena was greatly stirred by a series of gospel meetings, held by my brother, F. S. Bond. These meetings called forth the following, which I copy from the Catholic paper of that city : Š "Protestant Propaganda " On various occasions we have called attention to the scandalous frequency with which acts of this character are being repeated. In the very presence of the authorities who do not uphold the religion of the state; with evident offense to Catholic sentiments ; with a boldness that would stir one's very soul, the Protestants con-tinue their infamous propa-ganda, without any one's rising up to put a stop to it. " From .different parts of this province we receive letters which manifest that this propaganda is already proving to be intolerable. Before our eyes we have an announcement that has been scattered broadcast in Cartagena and its suburbs, inviting all to a series of meetings being held in a gospel chapel, which has been opened to the public with permission from civil authorities. Let all Catholics keep this in mind that they may not be deceived. To-day we will do nothing more than call the attention of the au- thorities to this scandalous abuse which in some other locality might give rise to more serious trouble." The present government is by far the most liberal and progressive that Spain has had for years. It is struggling for liberty. In congress the " Carlists " re-cently deplored the fact that the present administration is failing to manifest due ALFONSO XIII, KING OF SPAIN respect for the Pope King. To this Premier Canalej as responded: " For Spain there is but one king, and he is King Alfonso XIII. No foreigner shall rule in Spain." We expect more to follow. We are thankful for the liberties that are granted us. But who can forecast the future of Spain? Her only hope is in the gospel of Jesus Christ, which includes complete religious liberty and the entire separation of church and state. Barcelona, Spain. 