100 LIBERTY of resolutions was adopted, which have since been known as the Mecklenburg Declaration of Independence. Another document, similar in character, found the light of day in the town of Palmer, Mass., June 17, 1776. The Washington Post of July 2, 1911, contains an article on " The First and Forgotten Declara-tion of Independence," from which we quote : Š " We, therefore, the inhabitants of this town [Palmer], do believe it ab-solutely necessary for the safety of the ' united colonies ' to be independent from Great Britain and declare themselves en-tirely a separate state, as we can see no alternative but inevitable ruin or inde-pendence." The document was signed by Pastor Robert Ferrell, moderator, and Robert Hunter, clerk, with the understanding that the sentiment expressed in the dec-laration should be communicated to the general assembly of the colony of Massa-chusetts. Early in 1776, delegates in Congress from Massachusetts were instructed to vote for complete separation from Eng-land. Other colonies followed. At that time General Washington wrote : Š " A reconciliation with Great Britain is impossible. When I took command of the army, I abhorred the idea of inde-pendence ; but I am now fully satisfied that nothing else will save us." 1  June 7, 1776, Congressman Richard Henry Lee, of Virginia, proposed the resolution that " these united colonies are, and of right ought to be, free and independent states." The resolution was adopted after four days' discussion ; and two committees were appointed, one to present a declaration, the other a plan of federation. Jefferson, Franklin, John Adams, and Richard Sherman were ap-pointed on the Declaration Committee, which reported June 28 ; but owing to the fact that the New York and the Penn-sylvania members of Congress had re-ceived no instruction in regard to the International Encyclopedia, Vol. IV, page 680. proposed Declaration, action was de-ferred until the fourth of July, when it was adopted, John Hancock signing it. Fifty-six others signed August 2. It was decided that the adoption of the Declaration of Independence should be announced by ringing the old State-house bell, which bore the memorable inscription, " Proclaim liberty through-out all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." The old bellman stationed his boy at the door of the hall to await the instruction of the doorkeeper when to ring the bell. At the word, the little boy rushed out, and flinging up his hands, shouted, " Ring! Ring!! Ring!!! " " How they shouted! What rejoicing! How the old bell shook the air, Till the clang of freedom ruffled The calm gliding Delaware ! How the bonfires and the torches Illumined the night's repose, And from the flames, like phenix, Fair Liberty arose ! " Until 1894 the original Declaration of Independence was exposed to public view in the United States State Department; but owing to the rapid fading of the text and deterioration of the parchment, it was then placed in an especially pre-pared vault in the State Department at Washington. Meaning of the Declaration There has been considerable sentiment expressed concerning the material instru-ment above referred to, which is right and proper. But the value of the Decla-ration of Independence lies in the fact that it promulgates great and eternal principles. It maintains that certain truths are " self-evident,"Š not truths of civil origin and sustained by govern-mental indulgence, but truths which have for their authority the word of Jehovah. It is in keeping with the statement, " Be-fore man made us citizens, great Nature made us men." A few years ago these self-evident truths were attacked by some university professors in this country. In their estimation, that instrument was to be considered a mass of " glittering gen-eralities," a " dead document." But we 