88 LIBERTY The Federal Government has a perfect right to employ the use of moving pic-tures on Sundays if it elects to enter-tain and instruct the soldiers in this way. The churches have no right to dictate to the Government what its civil obligations are, nor does the Government have a right to dictate to the churches what their religious obligations and practices should  be on any day of ::he week. The matter of moving pictu:es is a personal matter which each individual must decide for himself. No man, or set of men, can be conscience for another individual in this matter. Let the church keep out of poli-tics and let the state keep out of religion, and each will prosper the more and live in greater peace. Ł my VP 49  J Ł  41)41) LssalVASŁ41uPŁVRAMTMsi4,-.sŁ1414.1ŁIMMs_110_4_94.4kw 1 S The Distinct Spheres of the 1) 1 Church and the State 4  ; By H. G. Thurston 1,4 iiiirrerii lithinifid70411criiitiratoyearetriarmireirntrecltWieviretriarctieanyaremiractmIteetreowehatio la ow wit(4 ANY appeal to civil government for support or enforcement of the doctrines or institutions of the Christian church is not only un-Ameri-can, but it is also contrary to the prin-ciples of the Christian religion. That which is unconstitutional is un-American, and of course that which is really un-American is so because it is unconstitutional. Our Constitution recognizes no other power than that of persuasion for the enforcement of the divine law; and any effort to enforce it by civil enactments is clearly a usurpation, no matter how honest the intention. The genius of the American plan of civil government, and its relation to the rights of conscience, needs no interpre-tation. The intent of the founders of this Republic is well known. They wrote in the First Amendment to the Constitu-tion, " Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." In this they recognized and taught that religion is not a subject to be legis-lated upon by earthly governments. The true church of Jesus Christ does not need any huipan. law to enforce its institutions.  Its prosperity does not in any sense de-pend upon human legislation. The word of God and the Holy Spirit are all the gospel needs to gain the victory promised the disciples of Jesus. Reliance upon these weapons insures victory. Success never came to the church when she adopted other methods. Even during the times of her greatest trials, the church of Christ never needed more than her Lord gave for her comfort and support. " The gates of hell " are not held in check by Jiuman decrees. Christ Jesus promised to be with his people even to the end of the world. Therefore no pos-sible change in times or conditions can ever warrant the church of Christ seek-ing support and comfort from any other source than the Lord. Any church institution which has a "Thus saith the Lord " for its support, needs no other. No earthly support can possibly strengthen God's word. Any appeal to civil government on behalf of church doctrines is a confession of weak-ness and lack of divine support. Sun-day observance is a religious institution. The day is regarded as sacred by many. Yet, according to the New Testament teachings, and the teachings of the United 