LIBERTI 13 "Uzza put forth his hand to hold the ark; for the oxen stumbled. And the anger of the Lord was kindled against Uzza, and he smote him, because he put his hand to the ark." r Chron. 13:9, if). a law because they contended that it was re-ligious legislation; that it violated the prin-ciples of religious liberty; that it made a union of church and state. " The religious zealots and ultrachurch peo-ple became alarmed, and declared if that law was repealed the country would go to the devil. They advocated that the people must be com-pelled to support the church. " Public opinion against the law became more and more educated and enlightened, and kept on growing, until the law was finally re-pealed, and who would dare say today that these great advocates of religious liberty were wrong? Time has demonstrated the wisdom of their position. " We contend, Your Honors, it was not the legislative intent, for the law under dis-cussion, to make a union of church and state, and restrict the religious privileges of the cit-izens. On the contrary, we hold that this statute should be so construed as not to mo-lest them in their mode of religious worship, so that they may have the right to observe the day of their faith." Mr. Boardman's Argument Mr. Boardman, a learned attorney of Oklahoma City who was employed by certain parties to prosecute the case, then addressed the court. He contended that the term " servile labor " could not be so construed as to include merchandising. The court contended with Mr. Board-man that the statute granting the exemp- tion would have to be so construed as to protect every citizen's rights and convey the legislative intent in a substance in-stead of a shadow. Mr. Boardman said, in part:Š Ifpart:  you permit the Hebrew or Seventh-day Adventist to make an exception to the rule, you are liable to tread on dangerous ground. I can readily see where that would work a hardship if Hebrews or Adventists could keep their stores open while people were passing on their way to church, and they would also have the advantage of other merchants of the town." Discrimination Misapplied Judge Armstrong: " Would you think the man who kept open on Sunday when nobody was in town had the advantage? It looks like the advantage would be in favor of the man who kept open on Saturday when everybody was trading. " These words, ' servile labor,' have been handed down from the old days, and cannot apply now because slave labor is past in every respect. The ordinary laboring man does not want to be treated and considered as a serv-ant on the line of master and servant. " The word ' servile,' as shown in the Min-nesota case, is an ' infelicitous expression.' As a matter of fact, it is an obsolete term." Mr. Boardman : " If that be true, it would destroy the entire statute 2406. " Can you apply ' servile labor' on Sunday to manufacturing, shooting, horse-racing, and gaming? This proviso will have to apply to all these acts under the defense they are try-ing to make." Judge Armstrong: " I do not think so. I think you are making a broad statement. These people are not engaging in anything that would harm anybody else on the first day of the week. We all concede that shooting and horse-racing, and such things would interfere with other people on Sunday." Mr. Boardman : " If there is nothing like ' servile labor' any more, then the whole thing falls. I do not see how any opinion can be written in this case and hold that Sec. 2406 applies to merchandising when they are not charged with selling anything at all." Judge Armstrong : " Is there any real horse sense in proving that?" Mr. Boardman : " I don't know whether it would be horse sense or not. It equalizes them as far as the old term `servile labor' is con-cerned. Of course these statutes have come down from times when those expressions were used." Mr. Boardman : " I have enjoyed very good personal relations with the Seventh-day Ad-ventists, and have some of them as clients. It is more of a cold-blooded legal proposi-tion, whether they are to keep open stores on Sunday, and whether that is servile labor or not. " But ye turned and polluted my name, and caused every man his servant, and every man his handmaid, whom he had set at liberty at their pleasure, to return, and brought them into subjection, to be unto you for servants and for handmaids." Jer. 34: 16. 