LIBERTY 85 papers and all other vocations and amuse-ments, emergency cases of charity and necessity only excepted, under the control of Congress from operating on Sunday, received and noted. " These letters should have been answered before. They have not, because I have been thinking about the proposition contained in them, and have been making inquiries among Senators about the chances of passage of such a bill. " Again, I am in doubt whether this is the way to proceed in the matter. I am not in the least doubt about the question of Sabbath breaking, because I do not believe in Sabbath breaking, but I am in serious doubt whether a bill of this kind would afford a solution. I was born and reared in. the Presbyterian Church, having been a member of that church practi-cally all my life. I have all of the Presbyterian views about the Sabbath, but we Christian peo-ple in this country have stood by and have seen firmly intrenched as habits and customs of our people every form almost of Sabbath breaking. Even some of our ministers defend certain Sunday amusements, like baseball, and many of our leading church members Š probably the most of them Š indulge in one form or another of Sabbath breaking. " The running of trains, freight and passen-ger, the use of the telephone and telegraph, the carrying of mails, riding and driving in automobiles, and to a more or less degree nearly every other kind of work or business or amuse-ment, when deemed important or excusable, is done on the Sabbath. Indeed, the most of us have indulged in one or another form of Sabbath breaking ourselves. The great body of the pub-lic have become accustomed to these forms of Sabbath breaking. " Now, to undertake to restore an observance of the Sabbath by Federal law, without incul-cating the wisdom and duty of Sabbath ob-servance in the people at home, seems to me certainly to be the wrong method of approach. These mov aments must win public favor lo-cally first and then spread, as notably prohibi-tion and suffrage. In my judgment this move-ment for Sabbath observance should first take firm hold of the churches, and the churches should take an unquestioned and firm stand. If they should become of one mind on the sub-ject, the reforms that you speak of could be much better accomplished. " To introduce a bill in Congress to stop all interstate trains, interstate traffic, interstate freight, interstate news, interstate mail, inter- state telephonic communication, interstate tele-graphic communications, and Sunday news- papers, would undoubtedly give a legislator very considerable notoriety; but it would not, in my judgment, and according to views ex- pressed here, in the slightest degree change the ugly fact of Sabbath desecration. I have not suggested the matter to a single legislator  here who has approved. All say that the bill would die in the committee, or could not in any event get anywhere in the Senate. " For these reasons it seems to me that it would serve no useful purpose now to introduce such a bill. I believe it would be much better to organize the churches and other local Sab-bath observance societies first, and if success-ful the movement would undoubtedly spread until action of the kind you suggest would be possible. " With great respect and best wishes and re-gretting very much to differ with you about the method of securing a much-needed and desirable observance of the Sabbath, I am, " Sincerely yours, It is a pity that Senator McKellar, with his clear vision as to the way to inau-gurate the desired reform, did not see that if the Christian people of the coun-try were to correct their own practice, there would then be no need for such a law. It seems, however, that the Senator would not be averse to the proposed leg-islation if it were possible. And there are strong influences at work endeavor-ing to make it possible. The time may come, and that sooner than many imagine, when such legisla-tion will be possible. For many years influences have been at work impressing upon the public the thought that Sunday accidents are due to the divine displeas-ure because of disregard of that day, or as Senator McKellar styles it, " the Sab-bath." Let war, famine, pestilence, or revolution come, as such things have come to other countries, and many pul-pits and religious papers would ring with the cry, " The nation is suffering the vengeance of Heaven because of the desecration of the Sabbath." Under such conditions it might become possible to enact even as drastic a law as the bill submitted to Senator McKellar by the Tennessee Methodists. Ninety years ago a committee of the United States Senate warned against danger from the steady pressure of a religious combination to effect a political object, and the danger is even greater now than it was then. Eternal vigilance has not ceased to be the price of liberty. 0. P. B. 