LIBERTY 77 the statute was enacted or the action was had in the exercise of the " police power " of the State. Under a govern-ment of delegated powers, the " police power " can never rightfully rise superior to the constitution which confers and limits that power. The State may innocently establish holidays, but not holy days. The law for the holiday gives the citizen permission to rest; the law for the holy day seeks to compel rest. The holiday involves the de-cision of no religious question; the law creating it does not assume to define in any manner the law of God or to enforce its claims; but both of these invasions of God-given rights are bound up in the legal creation or enforcement of a holy day. Therefore there can be no reason-able question that American govern-ments, municipal, State, and national, are inhibited both by natural and by consti-tutional law from in any way enforcing upon anybody the observance of any holy day. Such observance rests of right with  the individual citizen, and not with Con-gress nor with State legislatures. This brings us logically to Mr. Jefferson's statement in a letter written to Mr. Fran-cis W. Gilmer, June 7, 1816: " No man has a natural right to commit aggres-sions on the equal rights of another; and this is all from which the laws ought to restrain him; every man is under the nat-ural duty of contributing to the necessi-ties of the [civil] society [of which he is a part] ; and this is all the laws should enforce on him." No man can state the principle more clearly than it is stated in these words written nearly one hundred years ago. Surely it must be conceded by all fair-minded men that no man or set of men can ever have any moral right to coerce anybody in matters of religion. And in this country no legislature, either State or national, has any Constitutional right to enact any legislation involving a defi-nition of the divine law or seeking it,  enforcement. " When in Doubt, Pass a Law " BY CLAUDE E. HOLMES IT would seem as if the above title ex-presses the policy that is being followed in this country, for over 6o,000 laws have been enacted in the United States in the last five years. If this lawmaking craze persists a little longer, we shall become a nation of nervous wrecks. There will be a continual fear of arrest. Only the lawyer, who makes a business of studying the statutes, will be able to familiarize himself with them, and so keep out of jail. Nearly 20,000 bills have already been introduced in our national Congress this session. Even to read the titles to pro-posed legislation is no small undertaking. Some of it is necessary and proper, some is dangerous and subversive of our liber-ties, some is freakish, and a large part wholly unnecessary and out of place. The legislation that is most to be feared  is that which would abridge our natural rights. There is never a time when it can be safely assumed that our liberties are in no danger. There are influences always at work that would steal away our most sacred possessions. " We are too apt to accept such reforms as trial by jury, freedom of speech, and freedom of religion as matters of course, forgetting the struggle of centuries that brought these things about. It is much easier to lose these blessings than it was to gain them." So said ex-Governor Folk, in the Saturday Evening Post of Feb. 12, 1910. Three Dangerous Bills Three bills now pending before Con-gress demand more than passing notice. The first one, H. R. 491, would bar any publication from the mails that " contains any article which tends to expose any 