LIBERTY 137 If the Sabbath day be of God, it does not need legislation to uphold it. There is no power which can prevail against it.Š William Lloyd Garrison. Sabbath. They have followed their labor a sufficient number of times to attract the atten-tion of the public and to disturb them. In your verdict as a jury, I believe the Sunday law will be vindicated and this defendant found guilty." Judge Cook gave a very fair and im-partial charge to the jury. This was not the first time that the judge had tried similar cases, and the writer remembers when his charges were less fair and im-partial. After a delay of many hours, the court announced a mistrial, as the jury failed to agree; and so the case of old Mr. Robinson and also the case of his son go over to a future term of court, with little likelihood that any Sumner County jury will ever convict them. This fair treatment on the part of the court and the jury, is a long step in ad-vance of the past court proceedings in Tennessee in reference to the prosecution of Sabbatarians. The light of liberty is beginning to dawn in the fair State where the ashes of Andrew Jackson are quietly , resting Š the man who was a great lover of religious freedom. We trust that some day the splendid guaranties of religious liberty set forth in the constitution of Tennessee will be given full sway, and that the drastic Sunday laws of that State will be relegated to the former days of persecution, and a new reign of American principles instituted, so that each citizen may truly worship or not worship God as his individual conscience dictates. Freedom of of Speech Upheld BY K. C. IN his address before a meeting of Methodist ministers in Boston, April to, 1916, Governor McCall of Massachu-setts said : Š " You show that you believe in free speech, that you do not believe there is any argument in throwing a brick or in smashing windows. The world is not going ahead by such action. We must keep free and open forums of truth, where truth will be analyzed from all points of view. A man can adopt the religion which he chooses, and nu church or state has any right to interfere. There should always be separation of church and state. The basic principle of government cannot exist upon any such union." These statements by the governor were called forth by a resolution passed by the Methodist ministers of Greater Bos-ton against the mob violence that took RUSSELL place in Haverhill, Mass., on Monday evening, April 3, because a lecturer had been announced to deliver an address in the city hall against the appropriation of state funds for the support of parochial schools. This outbreak of violence is the sort of argument that is used in vindica-tion of a wrong principle,Š that of ap-propriating state funds for the support of sectarian schools. The newspapers had great, blazing headlines in their accounts of the Haver-hill riot, which called forth the resolution referred to and the remarks by Governor McCall. But in all the newspaper write-ups there was a noticeable absence of any mention of the class of citizens which composed the mob. It would seem, in a Compulsory labor would be slavery. Compulsory leisure is no less a tyranny and usurpation of power. And compulsory religious rest, or Sabbatizing, is religious tyranny.Š Opinion of U. S. Supreme Court, delivered by Justice Harlan, 1896, in Henning versus Georgia, 163 U. S., 299. 