LIBERTY  9 when our bones are dust. To the slave in bondage they will speak hope; to the me-chanic in his workshop, freedom. That parchment will speak to kings in language sad and terrible as the trumpet of the archangel. You have trampled on the rights of mankind long enough. At last, the voice of human woe has pierced the ear of God, and called his judgment down. Such is the message of the Declaration to the kings of the world. And shall we falter now? And shall we start back ap-palled when our free people press the very threshold of freedom? Sign if the next moment the gibbet's rope is around your neck. Sign ! if the next moment this hall rings with the echo of the falling ax. Sign ! by all your hopes in life or death, as husbands, fathers Ñ as men with our names to the parchment, or be accursed forever ! Sign ! not only for your-selves, but for all ages; for that parchment will be the text-book of freedom Ñ the Bible of the rights of man forever. Sign ! for the declaration will go forth to American hearts like the voice of God. And its work will not be done until through-out this wide continent not a single inch of ground owns the sway of privilege of power. It is not given to our poor human intel-lect to climb the skies, to pierce the coun-cils of the Almighty one. But methinks I stand among the awful clouds which veil the brightness of Jehovah's throne. Me-thinks I see the recording angel Ñ pale as angel is pale, weeping as an angel can weep Ñ come trembling up to the throne and speaking his dreadful message. Father ! The old world is baptized in blood. Father ! It is drenched with the blood of millions who have been executed, in slow and grinding oppression. Father, look I With one glance of thine eternal eye, look over Europe, Asia, Africa, and behold everywhere a terrible sight Ñ man trodden down beneath the oppressor's feet, nations lost in blood, murder, and superstition walk-ing hand in hand, over the graves of their victims, and not a single voice to whisper hope to man. He stands there (the angel), his hand trembling with the human guilt. But hark ! The voice of Jehovah speaks out from the awful cloud: Let there be light again. Let there be a new world. Tell my people, the poor, downtrodden, millions, to go out from  the old world. Tell them to go out from wrong, oppression, and blood. Tell them to go out from the old world to build up my altar in the new. As God lives, my friends, I believe that to be his voice. Yes, were my soul trembling on the wing of eternity, were this hand freezing to death, were my voice choking with the last struggle, I would still, with the last gasp of that voice, implore you to re-member the truth. God has given America to be free. Yes, as I sank down into the gloomy shadows of the grave, with my last gasp I would beg you to sign that parch-ment. In the name of the One who made you, the Saviour who redeemed you, in the name of the millions whose very breath is now hushed, as, in intense expectation, they look up to you for the awful words, YOU ARE FREE! A Thrilling Story BEFORE the American Revolution, Episco-palianism, or the Church of England, was the established religion in Virginia. From 1768 to 1775 Baptist ministers were fre-quently arrested and imprisoned under the laws of this establishment on the charge of " disturbing the peace." Jefferson, Madison, and Patrick Henry were all radically op-posed to any interference in matters of re-ligion, and were zealous supporters of the rights of conscience. On one occasion Mr. Henry traveled fifty miles to defend three Baptist ministers who had been arrested. In relating the case, the historian says: Ñ " He [Mr. Henry] entered the court-house while the prosecuting attorney was reading the indictment. He was a stranger to most of the spectators ; and being dressed in the country manner, his entrance excited no remark. When the prosecutor had finished his brief opening, the new-comer took the indictment, and glancing at it with an ex-pression of puzzled incredulity, began to speak in the tone of a man who has just heard something too astounding for be-lief:Ñ "'May it please your Worships, I think I heard read by the prosecutor, as I entered the house, the paper I now hold in my hand. If I have rightly understood, the king's at-torney has framed an indictment for the purpose of arraigning and punishing by 