LIBERTY 9 Protestant in the country, and he was proceeding to execute it as rapidly as he could. But in 1673, when his fleet suffered defeat, he was recalled to Spain. Mean-time, in 1672, the people had revolted and declared William of Orange gov-ernor. Later, the southern provinces, which afterward became the kingdom of Belgium, returned to Catholicism, but the northern, or Hollandish, provinces remained true to Protestant principles, although even as Protestants they did not always hesitate to punish one another, even unto death, for difference of belief. The Prince of Orange, who fought bravely against the Spanish, was assassi-nated ; and the Dutch people chose his son, only eighteen, to rule in his stead. He was a worthy son of his father, and fought gallantly against the Spanish. About this time Queen Elizabeth of England, who was a Protestant, sent help to the Dutch, and in 1609 Spain had to treat with the Dutch as an independent nation. But to return to the Dutch prison. We were shown one torture room after an-other. Just across a narrow alley from the kitchen, and up one story, was a cell where prisoners were starved to death. They could smell the food cooking, and sometimes food was held up in their sight. The hospital looks like a series of bins for storing grain. In one room we were shown an inscription on the wall written with the prisoner's own blood. Everything was crude, but admirably adapted to secure the discomfort and break the wills of the prisoners so un-fortunate as to get within the clutches of these old regulators of conscience. Increasing Church Attendance by Law Governor Osborn's Unique Plan Examined A. J. SAXBY IN the Detroit Free Press of Oct. 27, 1911, there appeared an editorial en-titled " Compulsory Church Attend-ance." The editor takes Governor Chase S. Osborn, of Michigan, severely to task for having asserted, in a recent in-terview, that he favored free Sunday amusements for the laboring classes on the following conditions :Š " Suppose that no one could attend a Sunday-amusement place without a ticket stamped at the church or Sunday-school at the close of divine services, certifying that the bearer had attended divine service of some kind." Desiring to get at the truth concern-ing this purported interview, the writer addressed a letter to Governor Osborn under date of December 7, quoting the above paragraph and sundry comments of the Detroit Free Press thereon, and requesting a copy of the interview, as-suring him that only such statements would be published in LIBERTY as he would authorize. BOURDEAU In reply, the governor dictated the fol-lowing communication : Š " State of Michigan, " Executive Chamber, State-house, " Lansing, Dec. 13. 1911. " Mr. A. J. S. Bourdeau, " Washington, D. C. " DEAR SIR : In reply to your letter of December 7, I am enclosing you brief of paragraphs, which will, I think, give you the information you desire. " Yours very truly, "'CHASE S. OSBORN. The " brief " containing the govern-or's interview reads as follows :Š " The question of Sunday amusements has come close to Lansing just now. I feel that many of those who favor rigid Sabbath observance fail to realize how hungry for respite, change, and amuse-ment those become who work all week at confining occupations. It is true that there is no rest nor happiness equal to that obtained from being in perfect tune 