t .0.1,11/4J1  \At 1   Compulsory Church Attendance ** WAN Ł Ł tixtreciremyemiresNirtiortiorrioritortiorrii) r 1 * 4 t t LIBERTY 71 In the petition, Attorney Straus states that the committee of the Lord's Day Al-liance brings the action and that the Lord's Day Alliance is incorporated un-der the laws of the State to secure a bet-ter observance of the Sabbath (Sunday). The petition claims that the legislature's act to refer this question to the people to be decided by popular vote " is illegal, unconstitutional, and void." The New York Legislature passed a similar statute upon the same question. We are of the opinion that it is illegal, unconstitutional, and un-American to  prevent the people from voting upon any civil question. But if the Lord's Day Alliance wants to get out of this dilemma by affirming that Sunday observance is not a civil but a religious question, and consequently ought not to be submitted to the people for decision by popular vote, then we answer that Sunday laws, being religious by nature and origin, are illegal, unconstitutional, and void, be-cause the civil government has no right to enact statutes to enforce religious ob-ligations under duress of civil law, that is, by the policeman's club. L. SUNDAY, April 11, 1920, Roland Parks, a youth of seventeen years, was shot through the body, in the town of Tangier, Va., while resisting ar-rest for refusing to go indoors (he was sitting on a porch) during church hours as required by a town Sunday ordinance. Tangier Island is politically a part of Accomac County, which, in turn, is a part of the peninsula that separates the waters of the Atlantic Ocean from Chesa-peake Bay. Its written history dates from the days of Capt. John Smith, who visited it from Jamestown on  the Baltimore Sun, April 25, of the 1,099 inhabitants of the place 400 are members of the sole and only church there. Four hundred is, of course, a large proportion of the adult population. Until about two years ago the town was not incorporated, but the religious portion of the community sought incor-poration, it seems, principally.  for the sake of abating what they regarded as a nuisance, or at least an abuse, namely, the practice indulged in by many of the boys and youth of congregating upon the one of his trips of exploration, three centuries ago. The island was first settled by white people about 1650. The principal town on this spot of earth bears the same name as the island, Tangier, and has a population officially re-ported as 1,099. The men are mostly " trappers," or rather fishermen, for they trap, not fur-bearing animals, but fish. They also tong oysters and dig clams. According to a write-up of the town which appeared in   Old Ruins, Jamestown, Va. 