LIBERTY 23 " The foremost duty of the rulers of the state," wrote the great Leo XIII, " should be to make sure that the laws and institutions, the general character and administration of the commonwealth, shall be such of themselves as to realize public well-being and private prosper-ity." These ends the state can never realize if it neither understands that it is the helpful agent of the individual, who besides being a citizen of the state is a moral being also, nor remembers that prior to it, both in nature and in time, is the individual and the family too, the safeguarding of whose inter-ests is the only reason for its existence. Once these principles are grasped it  becomes a relatively easy matter to de-termine the area within which the state may legitimattly operate. It is imme-diately evident that from its authority must be excluded everything of a purely moral or religious character, except the duty of encouragement and protection. To another perfect society, the church, religious and kindred interests are in-trusted. It is evident, also, that the state may not transgress the divine or natural law; nor may it unjustly in-vade the rights of individual initiative, or violate the sacredness of the home. Š From a speech by Cardinal O'Connell, delivered in St. Louis, reported in the Pilot, Boston, June 28, 1919. Repeal of New Jersey's Sunday Blue Laws Advocated Hon. James F. Minturn, Justice of the Supreme Court of New Jersey I APPROACH the consideration of this question as a churchman and a lawyer. A representative form of government, as the name implies, is presumed to be responsive to the sentiment of the people it represents. When it ceases to be re-sponsive to popular sentiment, it be-comes an autocracy, and history evinces that autocracies are short-lived. Our ancestors were an intensely re-ligious people. They carried religion into their everyday lives, and they based their conception of government, like the Hebrews, upon its principles and ideals. Aside from fundamentals, the corner-stone of their system was the strict re-ligious observance of Sunday, to the ex-clusion of work and diversion, excepting only works of necessity, and this concep-tion was formulated into law in Massa-chusetts Bay Colony and the Connecti-cut farms, and finally copied as the law of the land wherever the influence of the Puritan sentiment was dominant. But when the lure of the factory, the workshop, and the city tempted the young people from the farm and village,  and inculcated a new theory of economic dominition and new ideals and ambi-tions, the sunlight of God's open air was thereby denied them by men's artificial creations ; and when the fresh air of the fields, which gave to America the blood and sinew of men who dared to do the things our history records, was no longer theirs, the old order began to lose its dominance, and the sinews of combined capital and its corollary,Š the labor or-ganization, representing the new eco-nomic order,Š loomed up as the domi-nating forces in American political life. Buckle, in his " History of Civilization," informs us that the nature, character, and habits of peoples are the product of their environment. If a concrete in-stance in support of this statement were needed, we have it in the great change that America underwent, from the ideal life of farm and village and its religious environment to the economic and ma-terialistic life that now prevails so largely in our ever-increasing municipal population and its worship of worldly things. 