26 LIBERTY sionaries testify that loyalty to the Sabbath in the end brings no worldly loss. On the other hand, incidents have come to me by the score, of those who have gained, even in their worldly prosperity, by daring to do right in the matter of Sunday work." " Doubtless some cases of permanent financial loss by fidelity to the Sabbath might be found by a thorough dredging of recent Christian history,Š possibly some cases of financial ruin, or even martyrdom, Š but they are so rare that neither the author nor his two hundred correspondents, nor other writers on this subject, have been able to find them; so that refusal to do Sunday work can hardly be called self-sacrifice for principle. The incidents to the contrary that abound afford illustration of Christ's profound words, He that loseth his life for my sake shall find it ; ' while, on the other hand, those who selfishly and sin-fully seek to save life or living by Sab-bath-breaking, often lose it. Such with-holding from God tendeth to poverty.' The seeming self-sacrifice of Sabbath wages is really the scattering that increaseth.'" (Italics ours.) Dr. Evart, in speaking of the Sabbath (Sunday), says, " It is a test of all relig-ion." We do not believe this is true. But, if it were true, to compel unbelievers to rest on that day, and by law to say that all labor on that day should cease, would be to require of them a religious test, which would be contrary to the spirit of Article VI of our federal Constitution. A large per cent of laboring men do not keep any day, and they would not keep any day con-scientiously if compelled to do so by law. To enforce the observance of Sunday or any other religious institution upon unbe-lievers would be to enforce sin, since " whatsoever is not of faith is sin." Rom. 14:23. Such legislation could only develop hypocrites. Compelling religious believers by civil law to observe Sunday would tend to cause their service to God to degenerate into cold formalism, and make them serv-ants of men, rather than servants of God. Well did Rev. C. H. Spurgeon say : " Let the Lord's day be respected by all means ; and may the day soon come when every shop shall be closed on the Sabbath, but let it be by force of conviction, and not by force of policemen; let true religion triumph by the power of God in men's hearts, and  not by the power of fines and punishments. . . . The Sabbath belongs to God, and therefore is not to be rendered to Caesar " (civil government). No laboring man can afford for one mo-ment to give his consent to any such legis-lation. Some ten or twelve years ago there was scarcely any demand on the part of labor unions for Sunday laws, but at the present time the majority of them are in favor of enforced Sunday rest. By church-men, it has been said, " Here is the place for effectively using the machinery of or-ganized labor." They assert that labor unions must join the church everywhere in the protection of " Sunday as a day of rest and recreation." By uniting with the churches to enforce Sunday rest, labor unionists will compel those of their own membership who have no regard for Sun-day or religion to act as if they were relig-ious. Such legislation can tend only to breed insincerity and hypocrisy. Being compelled by law, men will be outwardly religious from policy while sinners at heart. It would work not for Christianity, but against it, as a gospel of force is opposed to the gospel of love. Every fair-minded, liberty-loving workman should utter a vigor-ous protest against such legislation. The New York Independent foresees evil in the present movement for enforced Sun-day rest, and presents the situation thus : " The unions have erected Sunday into the Sabbath of the faithful. The trade unions embrace possibly two and a half million members. If they are to become dogmatic religionists, the days of persecution for the faithful are not over." Why have Sunday laws? Why not have Monday laws? or laws requiring the ces-sation of labor on any other day of the week? Working men would receive the benefit of physical rest as well upon some other day of the week. Would not other days be as desirable for recreation for the weary toiler? If any workman desires to observe the Sunday, let him do so through religious conviction, and not because of legal enactments. If the Sunday institution is so destitute of divine power that it needs the support of the civil law to uphold it, the fact is a wonderful confession of its inher-ent weakness. In many places only eight or ten hours of service is required of working men, thus 