News and Notes POSTMASTER-GENERAL 'CORTELYOU has pro-hibited the use of the government frank for the purpose of mailing without cost copies of " Patriotic Studies," a book issued by the " Christian lobby " bureau at Wash-ington, conducted by Rev. W. F. Crafts. THE Pennsylvania Sunday law is being invoked to stop the running of Sunday trains in that State. March 1 seven B. & 0. engineers and conductors at Uniontown were fined four dollars and costs each by Justice Boyle, and warrants were prepared for eleven other trainmen. MR. EDWIN M. WHITE, a cranberry-bog owner, of Cape Cod, Mass., has been pros-ecuted on a charge of doing unnecessary Sunday work in connection with the har-vesting of his cranberry crop. In a bill of exceptions filed by Mr. White he pointed out that times, customs, and ideas had changed since colonial days when the blue-laws flourished, but the court replied that while his statement was true, the' Sunday law still remained on the statute-books and must be enforced. Mr. White also claimed exemption on the ground of necessity, the Sunday work being done to save his crop from spoiling. The court declared that the law was to be construed in harmony with the religious ideas of the times in which it was framed, and that it was meant to se-cure the proper observance of the "Lord's day" accord¥ing to the practise of those times, and must be so observed to-day. The court in its argument made no pretense of enforcing a " civil sabbath," and made no claim that the law was not purely a relig-ious one, but proceeded as if the enforce-ment of religious laws by the civil courts were a perfectly proper thing and in har-mony with the principles of this republic. It ruled that the defendant was not exempt on the ground of necessity, and fined him for having profaned the "Lord's day." ONCE more Congress is being asked to tread upon the forbidden ground of re-ligious controversy, in the matter of grant-ing an appropriation to the Jamestown Ex-position, to be held in commemoration of  the three hundredth anniversary of the settlement of Virginia. We see it stated that a bill is before the House Committee of Industrial Arts and Expositions that calls for an appropriation of $2,100,000 for this purpose. In a notice which is going the rounds of the religious press an appeal is made to " all citizens who believe in Sabbath rest, now greatly imperiled on every hand," to " send letters or telegrams to their own congressman and both senators," or to " secure petitions of churches or other bodies, to be sent in care of the appropriate congressman and one of the senators, addressed to the House and the Senate," requesting that the appropria-tion be made conditional upon Sunday closing of the exposition. It would be a good idea if some counter communications on the subject were sent to Congress just now by the friends of religions freedom. Do exemption clauses exempt? In Penn-sylvania recently it was held that the exemp-tion for seventh-day observers did not apply because they began their day at sundown and not at midnight. And now from Minnesota comes another answer to the question, also in the negative. The Minne-sota Sunday law contains a specific exemp-tion for observers of the seventh day, but the following press paragraph tells how much effect this fact had on the court in the decision of a case: " St. Paul, Jan. 13. Ñ An opinion of the municipal court of Minneapolis holding that the Sunday clo-sing law is equally applicable to Jew and Gentile has been upheld by the Minnesota Supreme Court. The case was that of the State of Minnesota versus M. A. Weiss who was arrested and convicted on the charge of selling groceries on Sunday con-trary to the Sunday closing law. Weiss, who is a Hebrew, alleged that this law is unconstitutional, the constitution providing that no preference shall be given by any law to any religion. His sabbath is Satur-day. The Supreme Court did not sustain this view, however, but announced the doc-trine that the Sunday law is justified as a sanitary measure and as a legitimate exer-cise of police power.'" 