LIBERTY 127 apart. The building of this system of church schools is the task now pressing for completion." ACCORDING to a report sent from Lon-don by mail under date of July 28, and printed in the Washington Post of Au-gust 18, American soldiers and sailors in England have created a sensation there by playing baseball on Sunday. The Rev. Frederick Brotherton Meyer, it seems, protested earnestly against these Sunday games, and tried to stop them. He is reported as saying : " Sunday baseball fills me with dis-may." He " fears," it is said, " the fur-ther scandalization of the ' rest day,' " and pleads " in the name of religion, of the home, and of our physical efficiency," that the games be stopped. He urges that the present is " hardly a time to re-duce the religious temperature of the nation." But according to the report printed in the Post," the Reverend Meyer has even the church against him. The Bishop of Birmingham, for instance, sees no risk from the abuse of the privilege," as " I think the Americans would be just the very people to be most careful not to offend even the old-fashioned feelings of Englishmen." Indeed it seems that " the Bishop goes even farther, and would welcome more games on the ' day of rest,' for the Brit-ish munition workers, ' who are confined to severe toil all the week, and who want fresh air whenever they can get it, rather than the troops, who, after all, do live a healthy life.' " This is interesting, especially as it is from England that most of our American Sunday laws are derived. Indeed, we might say that the Sunday statute of 29 Charles II is the progenitor of all our American Sunday laws. Cromwell, and the party that sup-ported him, held to the binding obliga-tion of the fourth commandment, and re-garded the Sunday " rest day " as com-ing in the room of the original Sabbath, and of °nurse as inheriting all its sane  tions. But as head of the English church Charles II doubtless rested the claims of Sunday upon the authority of the church. Though a churchman, the Rev. Mr. Meyer seems to be tinctured at least with the Puritan idea that Sunday is clothed with all the sanctions and sanctity of the Sabbath of the fourth commandment. Evidently the Bishop of Birmingham does not share that view, and believes that the church can modify or even ab-rogate what it has enjoined. This is cer-tainly not an unreasonable position, and the bishop ought to be able to maintain it easily against all comers. LIBERTY is opposed to all compulsory Sunday laws, because, as set forth in the Virginia Declaration of Rights, " reli-gion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence." To which may be added, in the words of James Madison, " The religion, then, of every man must be left to the conviction and conscience of every man ; and it is the right of every man to exercise it as these may dictate."Š Writings of James Madison, published by order of Con-gress (1865), Vol. 1, p. 162. THIS is a country of religious liberty, not of religious toleration merely. Every person is entitled to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own con-science, under the obligations which rest upon all alike, that public order shall be respected, and the requirements of mo-rality and decency observed. Whenever the law, either in terms or by the method employed in its enforcemi-nt, goes beyond this, and undertakes to compel observ-ances that are only required by particu-lar creeds, no matter how numerous may be those who consider them of divine ob-ligation, it becomes tyrannical and de-structive of a fundamental principle of American liberty.Š Thomas M. Cooley, in Foreword to " American State Papers Bearing on Sunday Legislation," p. 21. Ann Arbor. Mich.. June 16. 1893. 