LIRFR7 125 their guaranties of religious freedom, they should raise their voices in protest against these encroachments upon their liberties before they are gone forever. If these religious organizations are permit-ted to capture the town and city councils, it will not be long before they will intimi-date the State legislators. Now is the time properly to instruct the public mind concerning these important issues. " Eternal vigilance is the price of lib- erty." C. S. L. NOTE AND COMMENT Sunday Law Held Invalid THE Washington Post of July 28, 1918, gave the following account of a legal battle fought out in the Danville (Va.) court: " Judge William Leigh, after hearing argu-ments of opposing counsel, has held the local Sunday observance ordinance invalid, and has granted Rabbi David Kusner an injunction en-joining the mayor and all city policemen from enforcing it next Sunday. Judge Leigh, in his decision, says that the ordinance is not con-sistent with the law passed by the Virginia General Assembly many years ago which permits any man whose religious beliefs prompt him to keep his holy day on a week day, to work on Sunday. Kusner made a teat of the ordinance by making a sale to a customer one Sunday morning in the presence of a policeman." Los Angeles Council Congratu- lated THE Los Angeles Times wrote a spicy editorial thanking the Los Angeles Coun-cil for repealing the Sunday Closing Or-dinance, as follows : " The Times heartily congratulates the city council on its decision to drop that hot poker, the Sunday-closing foolishness. In the first place, there was no need of such an ordinance. We were getting on comfortably without it. In the second place, there was no demand for it. A few little frogs in the pond made a noise like a million. That's all. In the third place, under our State constitution, such an ordinance, thank God, is a legal impossibility. It cannot be framed to hold water. . . . The city council  will earn the heartfelt thanks of this community if it turns its face against any further schemes to hamper legitimate business or interfere with constitutional rights in Los Angeles." Later, at the instigation of religious organizations, the council re-enacted the ordinance, but in modified form. It is a piece of pure class legislation, and un-constitutional. People ought to be reli-gious and observe the Sabbath of the Lord, but such worship should be volun-tary and not compulsory. What we ob-ject to, is the state enacting and enforc-ing religious dogmas under the pretense of civil laws. Legalizing Sunday Baseball SUNDAY baseball has been legalized in many cities and towns of late. Religious organizations in a number of localities carried appeals up to the State supreme courts, and in practically every case the courts ruled that the city councils could legalize Sunday baseball within the pre-cincts of their jurisdiction, even if the State laws prohibited Sunday baseball elsewhere. The legalizing of Sunday amusements of an innocent character was considered by some of the courts " an effective antidote against prevailing vices practiced in a back room in some ques-tionable resorts, and against the unhal-lowed associations of undesirable com-panions. One thing is certain, and that is that the present policy by which the great majority of the young men are denied clean amusement on Sundays is working to no good." Reason would teach us that the people who have no re-ligious scruples and convictions, are a good deal better behaved on Sundays if they are occupied than when forced into complete idleness. Enforced idleness and vagrancy is one of the greatest curses that can befall any nation. Sunday laws enforcing idleness on everybody are a curse instead of a blessing. fil ttf B000'111)9 prices unreasonably depre-ciates the currency of the country, and he who does that is a public enemy. 