/./ JAMES MADISON Father of the Constitution. Ours is a government not of men, but of law, and not even the people have the right to change the fundamental law except by Constitutional methods; and even then they may not override the funds. mental principles of human rights upon which the Constitution is based, 86 LIBERTY The utmost degree of persecution and intol-erance was exercised by both the established church and the civil authorities toward all non-conformists. Not until the French and Indian wars broke out, did the Virginia Assembly realize the expediency of granting religious toleration to all sects, and it was almost a third of a century later that this was actually done. Religious toleration implies a union of church and state. The state adopts the most popular and wealthy religion as its own, but through its generous and benevo-lent spirit tolerates the other religions. While this is a great deal better than intolerance, it is not compatible with religious liberty, nor is it in keep-ing with the spirit of true democracy, the healthy growth of free republican institutions, the ideal conditions of Christian service, or the fundamental principles of true Christianity. Lord Stanhope truly said: " The time was when toleration was craved by dissenters as a boon: it is now demanded as a right, but the time will come when it will be spurned as an insult." Religious Freedom A perfect form of hu-man government is a gov-ernment where the sov-ereignty rests with the people, and not with the king or the Pope, or with both; and where the ad-ministration of its laws is equally balanced by the great ideal of civil and religious freedom. By religious freedom is meant the natural and inalienable right of every soul to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience, or not to wor-ship, to choose his own religion, to obey its be-hests, and to be unmo- lested in the exercise of that right, so long as he does not infringe upon the legitimate and equal rights of others. In a government where all citizens and all sects stand upon an equality before the law, religion is, and ever must be, free and voluntary. A religion that is acceptable to God can never rest on any other basis than faith Š  individual faith, free, voluntary service. Con-sequently, no earthly power or human authority, whether civil or ecclesiastical, has any right, either natural or delegated, to compel con-formity to any creed or to any form or species of worship, either civil or ecclesiastical, or to prevent the free exercise of the conscience so long as the equal rights of others are respected. This doctrine of religious freedom instead of religious toleration merely, was first adopted and advocated by Roger Williams in Massa- chusetts, and was later adopted by him in his Rhode Island colony. He advocated total sep-aration of church and state, and religious free-dom for all men. He denied to Czesar the right to enforce by civil law, " the things that are God's." He made God the only lord of the con-science, the only regulator of our duty in re-ligious matters, and the only judge of our re- 