Preacher Against Preacher in re Sunday Observance BY PATRICK REV. DAVID M. STEELE IS rector of the Protestant Episcopal Church of St. Luke, Philadelphia, Pa. Rev. T. T. Mutchler is general secretary of the Lord's Day Alliance of Pennsylvania. These rev-erend gentlemen just now are at logger-heads over the question as to what con-stitutes proper observance of " the Lord's day." The Church of St. Luke is a cosmo-politan institution, about one half the members being blessed with so much of this world's goods that the struggle to make ends meet is unknown to them ; the other part of the membership is con-versant with the stress and strain of the battle of life. Two summers ago St. Luke's Church opened a " farm " at Springfield, Pa., as a recreation center for the parish, and a place for holding outdoor services Sun-day afternoons during the hot months. Because of repairs being made on the church, all the services this summer have been transferred to the farm, where, on Sunday, July 9, the season opened. The next day, when reading his morning paper, Dr. Mutchler obtained the alarm-ing information that baseball and swim-ming were connected with the religious services at the farm. Believing the pen to be mightier than the sword, the now indignant secretary of the Lord's Day Alliance used it, and 'sent to Dr. Steele a letter intended to make the latter wince The secretary included a superior court decision on the question of Sunday base-ball in the State of William Penn, and made this veiled threat : Š " There may be persons visiting your en-campment on next Sabbath [Sunday], and I am sure you will not allow yourself to be placed in the very embarrassing position be-fore your young people as well as before the world, of having Section 4 of the law carried into effect." Dr. Steele evidently is made of good metal, and instead of wincing and stir- 216 G. BRITAIN rendering to the Lord's Day Alliance, h fired a torpedo into the side of the old bark, Religious Intolerance. Here is hi,. reply to Dr. Mutchler, printed in the Philadelphia North American, July 14. 1916 Š " My DEAR SIR: I have your letter of July 12, receipt of which I beg to acknowledge herewith and to say that I have read it with interest and attention. I am sure you mean well ; therefore I reply. I am sure that you believe you do God service Š as St. Paul once said of his unchristian selfŠwhen you per-secute your betters in the church of God. . . . " Your motives are good; we would like to respect them. But your methods are abom-inable. Take this dawdling little letter of yours as an instance. Your information is on hearsay only; you could learn the facts, if you would take the trouble. Your assumption that I am encouraging a spirit of lawlessness or leading anybody toward anarchy is unwar-ranted. And your letter is illogical, to say the least. Your representation that the opinion cited, of July 21, 1915, has any bearing on the case, is a misrepresentationŠand you know that it is. Your implied threat that, next Sunday, you will have carried into effect Sec-tion 4 of the law( ?), a copy of .which you are careful to inclose, marked, interlined, and underscored, is cowardly and detestable. " Taking cognizance of this last, however, Š of this threat, I mean,Š I have today placed your letter, with its accompanying documents, in the hands of the proper officials, and shall await your action in the premises with in-terest. In the meantime, glancing at the printed ' law ' and reading, under subhead of Section 4 (` Mode of Conviction') ' Then the said justices or magistrates shall commit the offender, without bail or mainprise, to the house of correction of the county wherein the offense was committed, during such time as is hereinbefore directed, there to be fed upon bread and water only, and to be kept at hard labor.' " I beg to say, in all frankness, that you, and any others of your long list of fifty vice presidents who may, by any conceivable pos-sibility, sympathize with your indictment, are a pack of fools. I am not unmindful of St. Paul's injunc-tion to suffer fools gladly,' but sometimes some of us are called upon to suffer more than we deserve. Do you really mean that you, the general secretary of a society whose 