22 LIBERTY not at once bundling the members of re-ligious orders out of the Indian schools. Neither the President nor any other American citizen, official or non-official, has any right to attempt any such out-rage Š for outrage it would be and is, as contemplated in the future. No one has any right under our free Constitu-tion to dictate as to the garb of any of our citizens, no more than to dictate as to their food, their daily lives in their own habitations, or their general con-duct, so long as they do not molest or annoy other citizens engaged in equally lawful pursuits. No power is vested in the President to prescribe as to citizens' garb. We do not believe that Governor Wilson, if he were elected President, would make any such order as President Taft has just made in regard to the teaching sisters and their garb. According to America, the President and the Secretary of the Interior ought to have made a ruling which would vir-tually have established the giving of relig-ious instruction in government schools as the policy to be followed ; while, accord-ing to the Standard and Times, the right of the individual to adopt a distinctive religious garb as a public profession of his religious faith involves his right to wear such a garb as a teacher in the public schools. The trend of the Roman Catholic ar-gument is clear, and is entirely in har-mony with Roman Catholic theology, which condemns the American principle of the separation of church and state. Circular No. 601 was issued " in ac-cordance with that essential principle in our national life Š the separation of church and state," but President Taft and Secretary Fisher failed to recognize the " principle," and designated it as " policy." There is a wide difference be-tween these two views, and the chief executive has introduced an element of uncertainty into the application of a Constitutional provision. This is much to be deplored. The agitation of the religious garb question has doubtless produced good re- sults. It has afforded an opportunity for both Protestants and Roman Catho-lics to define their positions, and has given to the American people one more warning of what may be expected in this country if the Roman Catholic principles relating to church and state are per-mitted to prevail. These warnings have been sufficiently frequent and emphatic of late to arouse the lovers of religious liberty to a de-fense of the Christian and American principle of the separation of church and state. ttf 0‚ THE enemies of religious liberty are not asleep. The exponents of oppres-sion have never been asleep since the day when the program of oppression was inaugurated in the world. When their activities are restricted and they are not working openly, they are planning work for the future and planning the removal of the restrictions that have hindered their operations. So it is to-day. While there seems to be a lull in Congressional activity in the matter of oppressive re-ligious legislation, we have evidence that plans are definitely laid for the enact-ment of national religious legislation of a drastic character. The friends of re-ligious liberty must not rest on their oars. The situation demands of every lover of freedom double diligence and ac-tivity and greater power from on high. ME NI tV ON pages 40-43 of this issue of LIB-ERTY will be found a very unique docu- ment, and one that will be prized by all those who are interested in religious lib-erty work. It is a tabulated epitome of the Sunday laws of the States and Ter-ritories, with exact references both as to the State codes and the date of the enactment of the laws. This document is taken from the Department of Labor Bulletin of New York, and is issued un-der the direction of the State Commis-sioner of Labor, Mr. John Williams. 