LIBERTY 37 conscience, but, liberty to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own con-science. The Constitution provides that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establish-ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; " and again, that,Š " No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States?' One of these bills is to prohibit certain classes of labor on " the Sabbath day," without defining the Sabbath intended, or stating whether the Sabbath of the Bible. the pagan day, as " Christened with the name of sun-god," or the Mohammedan day is meant; thus leaving it to the courts to decide which Sabbath is intended, and whether the Sabbath of the fourth com-mandment has been, like Christ himself, crucified between two thieves, and even its sacredness transferred to one of the thieves. House Bill No. 4897 attempts to avoid or dodge the Constitutional inhibition by the following provision, to wit: " That it shall be a sufficient defense to a prosecution for labor on the first day of the week, that the defendant uniformly keeps another day of the week as a day of rest, and that the labor complained of was done in such a manner as not to interrupt or disturb other persons in observing the first day of the week as a day of rest." While a law which compels people to keep any Sabbath or to do any religious act whatever, against their convictions, is a violation of the constitutional guaranties, this bill would not be especially obnoxious to people who voluntarily keep some Sab-bath, were it not for the clause, " And that the labor complained of was done in such a manner as not to interrupt or disturb other persons in observing the first day of the week as a day of rest." There are a few meddlesome, trouble-making Sunday-keepers in every commu-nity, who are so bent on making themselves conscience for other people, that they al-ways succeed (and frequently by great exer-tion), in getting themselves disturbed by people who do any work on Sundays. They have been known to leave their sons playing at base-ball to spy out a seventh-day observer working on Sunday. Instead of going to worship themselves. on Sunday, they have been known to walk around a tight-board fence, enclosing a gar- den, until they could find a crack large enough to look through, and thus get them-selves disturbed by a seventh-day keeper hoeing his garden on Sunday. Ł House Bill No. 13471 prohibits any work except that of charity or necessity, and the keeping open of any shop, store, tent, or booth where goods, wares, or merchandise are exposed for sale, on the first day of the HON. II. B. MACFARLAND, CHAIRMAN OF THE DISTRICT COMMISSIONERS, Who presided at a hearing, given by the Commission-ers, on the Sunday bills now before the House of Representatives, and who has favorably recom-mended one of these bills. week commonly called Sunday, without any exemption clause for those who keep an-other day. Senate Bill No. 1519 is intended to take from the post-office department the discre-tion of determining when a congested condi-tion of post-office business demands Sun-day work, and, Senate Bill No. 3940 fixes a severe penalty for the keeping dpen, for sale or delivery, of any groceries, meats, vegetables, or other provisions, any place of business on Sunday, with certain excep-tions which conflict with provisions of some of the other bills. God's eternal plan of salvation rests upon a gracious invitation to sinners to accept the redemption purchased by the atoning blood of Christ Jesus, who " stood as a 