LIBERTY 21 means served to promote religious life, which can be most clearly seen from the fact that, in the districts of three super- intendents, in one year, public worship was omitted two hundred forty-eight times, because none came to join in prayer or to hear the divine Word."ŠIbid., page 345. " In the province of Brandenburg, we find in the congregations, as well as among the clergy, the greatest indiffer-ence."ŠIbid., page 344. " In Oldenburg and Brunswick, ration-alism has made sad devastation in the vineyard of the Lord."ŠIbid., page 346. In order to " help the people to at-tend divine service," they used the law. Rev. Kuntze reports the results of this effort thus : Š " Many regulations have, therefore, been made : old laws for the observance of the sabbath have been renewed in the mining districts ; Sunday labor has been abolished since 1853 in Mecklenburg; the order has been given for the observ-ance of the whole of the day in the province of Saxony; they have endeav-ored to abolish Sunday labor in the fac-tories, and the payment of the laborers on that day; the government has limited the post delivery on Sunday ; and the assembling of the militia has been fixed for a week-day. It has also been at-tempted to do away with the Sunday markets and fairs. But as people, taken as a whole, they have lost the love for a really Christian observance of Sunday, and all the efforts in this respect have been followed by but a small degree of success."ŠIbid., page 35o. If the names of the places were not given, one would think the writer was describing conditions in America at the present time. Those who are endeavor-ing to cure religious indifference by insti-tuting a national Christianity and passing new or more rigid Sunday laws, would do well to give heed to the lessons of history, and apply at the court of heaven for power. Then might they expect success in winning souls. Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. A Question of Authority T. E. BOWEN ALL through the Scriptures the ques-tion of authority is prominent. Com-monly speaking, two sources of authority are recognized Š heavenly and earthly. But when carefully studied, we find, in actual fact, but one; for, traced back to its origin, all governmental authority is vested in the great King of heaven Š Je-hovah of hosts, the Creator of all things. That nations exist, and exercise earthly power by the permission of God, is shown in Christ's answer to Pilate, when he, the Prince of Life, was on trial. Be-cause of Jesus' silence when questioned by the Roman governor of Judea Š who represented the civil authority of the great and proud and powerful nation of Rome, then the master of the world Š Pilate said: " Speakest thou not unto me? knowest thou not that I have power to crucify thee, and have power to re-lease thee? " Jesus answered, " Thou couldest have no power at all against me, except it were given thee from above." But though all authority is primarily vested in God, it has pleased him to invest men with authority. That which he has delegated to men is civil author-ity. And when civil rulers keep within their legitimate sphere,Š that of ad-ministering civil affairs, protecting life and property,Štheir authority is to be respected. Not to do so, even brings the offender into condemnation with God himself. This is made clear in the brief Scripture statement found in Rom. 13 : 1-7: " Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers [civil rulers]. For there is no power but of God : the powers that be are ordained of God. Whosoever therefore resisteth the power, resisteth the ordinance of God : and they that re-sist shall receive to themselves damna-tion. For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. . . . Wherefore ye must needs be subject, not only for wrath, but also for conscience' sake." Absolute religious authority God has vested in no man save Christ Jesus his Son, who is both the Son of God Š one 