Eternal Vigilance the Price of Liberty By H. G. Thurston EPERNAL vigilance is the price of liberty," and every effort put forth which invites possible persecution should be opposed most earnestly by every one. The shackles are already be-ing forged for men in our Republic to wear. The bigotry which impels men to oppress their fellows is backed by an earnestness worthy of a better cause. When a yoke is placed upon a neighbor's neck, every true man will utter vigorous protests; for a yoke upon a neighbor's neck means one upon your own also, and your protest against your own slavery comes too late if you fail to protect your neighbor against oppression. Why do apparently honest men perse-cute or make it possible for others to persecute ? Jesus said they would do these things " because they have not known the Father, nor me." That is to say, those who really do know God, never oppress their neighbors because of their religious views. Blessed words from our divine Lord ! Paul told who it is that persecutes, and we quote his words : ' " Now we, brethren, as Isaac was, are the children of promise. But as then he that was born after the flesh persecuted him that was born after the Spirit, even so it is now." There is no exception to this rule. No church has any right to ask for any reli-gious law at the hands of the state ; much less to enforce one against those who differ in matters of conscience. When persecution comes, what does the apostle John say is the cause ? " Not as Cain, who was of that wicked one, and slew his brother. And wherefore slew he him, Because his own works were evil, and his brother's righteous." 1 John 3: 12. There is no exception to this rule ; and when men learn the meaning of the true  " golden rule," they will abhor every form of oppression, and especially that which is carried on in the name of religion. The Sunday-law crusade is on in many places. Now and then we hear of its defeat, as in California and Oregon, but too often it is successful ; and, as before noted, the only logical outcome is the oppression and persecution of those who differ. The Spanish Inquisition, with its sick-ening record of torture ; Puritan New England, with its " anti-kissing " and Sunday blue laws; the whipping of the Quakers; the whipping and banishing of the Baptists; the hanging of witches,Ñthese crimes all belong to the family of modern Sunday-closing crusaders. The relationship may not appear very de-sirable to broad-minded, liberty-loving people, but by a close observation the family resemblance will be found to be most striking. A Mad World BEFORE the close of the Great War it was said that this was a " so-bered world." But there has been a change, and in-stead of a sobered world we see a mad world, a world plunging into every sort of excess. The Washington Post said editorially in its issue of Nov. 6, 1919 : " The European governments are absolutely destitute of the spirit of altruism. . . . There is not in the record a single act of voluntary renunciation on the part of any Eu-ropean nation in favor of another since the war began. The record stands complete in every detail in its revelation of unyielding and in- 115 