10  +.11.0.1.410111Ł04111.1,04Ł01.0411.11.0...04ŁMMMIŁ111.0.111.0..100.1ŁŁ.0.=111.04M.041M.04ŁŁŁŁŁ0.1M..=MO.M.11.11.1.0.0.1M0.=.0.11M1.0.=WIMMEr114104  Erligious Eihrrtg Association DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES 1. We believe in God, in the Bible as the word of God, and in the separation of church and state as taught by Jesus Christ. 2. We believe that the ten commandments are the law of God, and that they comprehend man's whole duty to God and man. 3. We believe that the religion of Jesus Christ is founded in the law of love of God, and needs no human power to support or enforce it. Love cannot be forced. 4. We believe in civil government as divinely ordained to protect men in the enjoyment of their natural rights and to rule in civil things, and that in this realm it is entitled to the respectful obedience of all. 5. We believe it is the right, and shoull be the privilege, of every individual to worship or not to worship, according to the dictates of his own conscience, provided that in the exercise of this right he respects the equal rights of others. 6. We believe that all religious legislation tends to unite church and state, is subversive of human rights, persecuting in character, and opposed to the best inter-ests of both church and state. 7. We believe, therefore, that it is not within the province of civil government to legislate on religious questions. 8. We believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to pre-vent religious legislation, and oppose all movements tending to unite church ani state, that all may enjoy the inestimable blessings of civil and religious liberty. g We believe in the inalienable and constitutional right of free speech, free press peaceable assembly, and petition. io. We also believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. For further information regarding the principles of this association, address the Religious Liberty Association, Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. (secretary, C. S. Longacre), or any of the affiliated organizations given below:Š AFFILIATED ORGANIZATIONS Atlantic Religious Liberty Association (affil-iated organizations in Maine. Vermont, Massa-chusetts, New Hampshire, New York, Connecti-cut, and Rhode Island): Office. South Lancaster, Mass.; secretary, K. C. Russell. Canadian Religious Liberty Association (af-filiated organizations in New Brunswick, Nova Scotia. Quebec. Ontario. and Newfoundland): Office. Port Hope, Ontario; secretary, M. N. Campbell. Central States Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Kansas. Nebraska, Missouri, Colorado, and Wyoming): Office, Col-lege View, Nebr.; secretary, R. A. Underwood. Columbia Religious Liberty Association (af-filiated organizations in Pennsylvania, Ohio, New Jersey. Virginia, West Virginia, Delaware, and Maryland): Office. Takoma Park, D. C.; secretary, S. B. Horton. Lake Religions Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin): Office. 213-215 Dean Building. 113 S. Lafayette St., South Bend, Ind.; secretary, L. H. Christian. Northern Religious Liberty Association (affil-iated organizations in Minnesota, Iowa, North Dakota, and South Dakota): Office, 2713 Third Ave. South, Minneapolis, Minn.; secretary, Chas. Thompson. North Pacific Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Oregon, Washington, Idaho, Montana, and Alaska): Office, College Place, Wash.; secretary, W. F. Martin. Pacific Religious Liberty Association (affili-ated organizations in California. Nevada. Utah. and Arizona): Office, Mountain View, Cal.; secretary, J. F. Blunt. Southeastern Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Florida, Georgia. North Carolina, and South Carolina): Office, 169 Bryan St., Atlanta, Ga.; secretary, Carlyle B. Haynes. Southern Religions Liberty Association (affili-ated organizations in Alabama. Kentucky, Ten-nessee, Louisiana, and Mississippi): Office. 2123 24th Ave., N., Nashville, Tenn.; secretary, C. P. Bollman. Southwestern Religions Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Arkansas, Oklahoma, Texas, and New Mexico): Office, Keene, Tex.; secretary, W. A. McCutchen. FOREIGN OFFICES Australia: Office, Mizpah, Wahroonga, N. S. W., Australia; secretary, G. Teasdale. Great Britain: Office. Stanborough Park. 'Matto' d, Herts, England; secretary, W. T. Bartlett. 