96 LIBERTY " We urgently call upon President Woodrow Wilson, and upon our Federal Congress, to make such proclamations and enact such ap-propriate legislation as is necessary to secure the uniform observance of the Christian Sab-bath throughout the United States of America. We believe this will help toward a speedy vic-tory on the field of battle and a righteous set-tlement at the close of the war. " Resolved, Third, that copies of these resolu-tions be sent to President Wilson, to our Represent-atives in Congress, to be read before the Senate and House of Representatives, to Governor Townsend, of the State of Delaware, and to the public press. " GEORGE A. COOK, "Minister of Methodist Episcopal Church." There are several things that these pe-titioners seem to have overlooked, among which is the fact that Ł Congress is by the na-tional Constitution for-bidden to pass any law " respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free ex-ercise thereof." This may seem to some un-important, but so far Congress has felt bound by it. Just how Mr. Wilson feels about the matter we are not in-formed, but presum-ably he proposes to abide by the Constitution. at least. !V !V !V " SUNDAY baseball is allowed in Wash-ington, the national capital," says the Washington Times of May 15. " The country will hear a good deal about this discussion from those who sincerely be-lieve that man was made for the Sab-bath, not. the Sabbath for man, and that the way to be pious is to be sad." The Times misses the mark, as its edi-tors usually do when they tackle this subject. It is not a question of 'what is  proper for the Sabbath, but of the right of the civil authorities to regulate Sab-bath observance. The Saviour's state-ment that " the Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath," does not mean, and was never intended to mean, that every man has a right to do just as he pleases upon that day, regardless of the divine law ; but only that other men have no right to inter-pret the Sabbath law, and enforce their in-terpretation upon their fellow men. Baseball and Sabbath keeping are not compatible, but it does not follow that the civil authorities have any right to for-bid that sport to those who choose to engage in it upon Sunday. Granted that Sunday is the Sabbath and that it is the duty of the civil authorities to safe-guard the Sabbath and enforce its observance, Sunday baseball would have no standing at all. But taking the position that under our national Constitution the civil authorities have no right to take any cog-nizance of religious questions, or to de-cide what day or days are sacred and what days common, Sunday enforcement has no standing. Sunday baseball be-cables, then, a question for every man to decide for himself, between his own soul and God. " Who art thou that judgest another man's servant 4 to his own mas-ter he standeth or falleth." Rom. 14: 4. 'Tis liberty alone that gives the flower of fleeting life its luster and perfume ; and we are weeds without it.Š Cowper. We trust so, OUR COVER DESIGN EVERY true American, whether La born in the land or a citizen by adoption, feels his heart swell with pride at the thought of Liberty Hall, Liberty Bell, and the starry emblem of the liberty be-queathed to us by the fathers of the Republic, and which our brave soldiers and sailors are today giv-ing their lives to preserve to a liberty-loving people. The old hall, the cracked bell, and the star-spangled flag are all familiar figures. We have known them from our childhood, but they have lost none of their meaning; and as the battle lines sway back-ward and forward in France, as we realize that the outcome will mean either the triumph of free government or of autocracy, we must every one feel an intense anxiety to see liberty prevail over despotism, and right over wrong. May the time never come when we shall cease to cherish in our hearts and exemplify in our lives the love of liberty; may we never look with indifference upon its honored emblems, or be forgetful of the debt of gratitude we owe, under God, to the men who a century and a half ago made, or to those who are now making, the.  supreme sacrifice to vouchsafe to us this inestimable blessing. B. 