Bryan's Plowshares and t he No-More-War Policy THE Secretary of State se-cured recently some old swords, had them cast into plowshares, and presented them as souvenirs to the am-bassadors of the various nations who signed the peace treaties with the United States. He had the following words inscribed upon these plowshares : " ' They shall beat their swords into plowshares.' HON. Isaiah 2 :4." There has been much com-ment concerning this affair. Some has been favorable, but some critics have re-garded it as a political farce, despite the good intentions of Mr. Bryan. To say the least, we are compelled to admire our worthy Secretary's earnest endeavors to get the nations to disarm and live at peace with one another. We can only wish that he might succeed in this noble enterprise. But if we have the correct understanding of the pro-phetic utterance which he caused to be inscribed upon the plowshares, it is an utterance- from the lips of man, instead of from the lips of. God. There are only two places in the Bible where this ut-terance is recorded. Let us see who makes the statement. Isaiah begins the sentence thus : Š " It shall come to pass in the last days, that . . . many people shall go and say, Come ye, and let us," etc. Isa. 2: 1-4. The prophet Micah begins the sentence thus : " But in the last days it shall come to pass, that . . . many nations shall come, and say, Come, and let us," etc. Micah 4: 1-3. But according to the prophet Joel the Lord is not saying what the people or nations are saying in the last days. The Lord says- the very opposite of what the people say concerning what the people and nations will do. Joel begins thus : Š The Lord has spoken it. Proclaim ye this among the Gentiles ; Prepare war, wake up the mighty men, let all the men of war draw near ; let them come up : beat your plowshares into swords, and your pruning hooks into spears." Joel 3 : 8-io. Isaiah and Micah record a prophecy of what the people will be saying in the last days; and Joel records what the Lord says the people will be doing. Both these prophecies are being fulfilled before our eyes today. We submit, with all due re-spect, that Mr. Bryan and the ambas-sadors of these various nations are ful-filling these prophecies. While they are prophetically beating swords into plow-shares and declaring by peace treaties that they will not " learn war any more," yet according to the Lord's prophecy the nations are doing just the opposite, and are making the most gigantic prepara-tions for war that have ever been made in the history of the world. Paul gives this testimony concerning the same matter : Š " This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come." " For when they [people and nations] shall say, Peace and safety ; then sudden destruc-tion cometh upon them, as travail upon a woman with child ; and they shall not escape." Just at the time when the peace dele-gates were on their way to the Interna-tional Peace Congress, at Constance, and were uttering a world's peace and safety cry, they were suddenly arrested by the greatest war in the history of the world, and some of them were captured and im-prisoned. Thus again was the Scripture fulfilled; for when they were saying, " Peace and safety," and were arranging for world peace, then " sudden destruc- 21 W. J. BRYAN 