LIBERTY not yield their conscience to be ruled by others, were tortured and put to death by the most horrible methods it was pos-sible to invent. This condition of things continued, varying in degree, until after the Reformation of the sixteenth cen-tury. The Reformers of this time were called Protestants because they protested against the church, or government, ex- 15 schoolboy has tingled at the recitation of the patriotic words of Patrick Henry, Give me liberty or give me death ! " This seemingly noble sentiment could easily carry with it selfishness, and op-pression equal to that from which the people were trying to escape. It only demanded liberty for " me and mine." True liberty was taught by Jesus Christ, LANDING OF THE PILGRIMS, PLYMOUTH ROCK, 1620 ercising the power to rule and bind the conscience. To obtain liberty of con-science our Pilgrim fathers came to America, and founded this government. They were seeking liberty for the ex-ercise of their conscience ; but they were not looking for any liberty for a Baptist or Quaker conscience, as shown by their persecution of them. Protestantism, with all its good, has often come short in seeking liberty of conscience, in this that it has sought it more as power than as a universal blessing to mankind. They sought liberty of conscience from coercion, with power to coerce others. The blood of many an American  who sought it for others, though to ob-tain it for them he himself suffered op-pression and death. The Roman Cath-olic Church in America is constantly asking for what she calls her liberty, and trying by all possible means to ob-tain control of the civil government; and for what possible purpose other than that she may advance the supposed in-terests of the church at the expense of the liberty of the individual? The prin-cipal denominations of Protestantism have federated in one body, trying so to influence the civil government that they may use it to secure to themselves greater liberties and greater power to 