A Wonderful Example L. A. SMITH IN God's forbearance with the sinner, a wonderful example is set before man-kind, which, if it had been heeded, would have prevented every act of religious per-secution. This forbearance is mentioned by the apostle Paul in his letter to the Romans. See Rom. 2 : 4; 3 : 25. The force of this example did not escape the notice of Thomas Jefferson, who said, in the Virginia Act for Establishing Re-ligious Freedom (passed in 1785) : Š " Almighty God bath created the mind free : all attempts to influence it by tem-poral punishments or burdens, or by civil incapacitations, tend only to beget habits of hypocrisy and meanness, and are a departure from the plan of the holy Au-thor of our religion, who, being Lord both of body and mind, yet chose not to propagate it by coercion on either, as was in his almighty power to do." God could force everybody to do right if he chose to do so. He could have coerced Adam and Eve into obedience in the garden of Eden, and thus could have prevented the entrance of sin into this world. But he chose not to do this. Let us consider what was involved in this choice on the part of the Almighty. " By one man [Adam] sin entered into the world, and death by sin." Rom. 5 : 12. God left Adam free to obey or to disobey, and Adam sinned, and the whole world became a prey to sin and death. Man passed under the dominion of Sa-tan, who became the " god of this world." John 14: 3o ; 2 Cor. 4 : 4. And for six thousand years Satan has ravaged this portion of God's creation, instilling into human hearts hatred of God and his gov-ernment, perverting every truth and in-stitution of God, leading men to curse and blaspheme God instead of worship-ing him, until the whole earth reeks with crime and sin of every sort and degree, and continuously there rises up before the face of the Creator a black cloud of insult from the beings whom he has made in his image. Blinded and per- 182  verted though our natures are by sin, yet we are often shocked at the disclosures which are made of the wickedness going on in some locality, some tiny portion of the world's surface ; but God's pure, all-seeing eye takes in everything at once, in every place, both the evil that is re-vealed, and that which is hidden from the eyes of men. He sees every sin, every act by which men trample upon his law and express contempt for and defiance of his government. He sees at once all the pride which is so offensive to him, all the injustice and cruelty of man to his fellow man, all the persecu-tion suffered by those who would be loyal to him. He hears every lie and every slander uttered to misrepresent him be-fore those whom he would save. He sees at once all the suffering and wretch-edness to which, because of the fall, the members of the human family are sub-jected. All this God has beheld for thou-sands of years ; and at any moment during all those years he might have in-terfered and coerced Satan into subjec-tion and man into obedience. But even this is not all, nor the worst of what was involved in God's choice that man should be left free to choose between right and wrong with only con-science to impel him to obedience. To provide a way of salvation for fallen man required that the Son of God should die. Only thus, if the transgressor were to be saved, could the honor of the vio-lated law be upheld. God was required to give his only begotten Son, and not only to surrender him to death, but to the death of the cross. Do we ever pause to consider how God himself must have suffered while his only begotten Son hung upon the cross ? Suppose, reader, that you had an only son, who had always in the most perfect manner served you with loving obedi-ence. How should you feel if you saw that son hanging nailed to a cross, and not only that. but knew that the worst of 