104 LIBERTY This would mean the repudiation of natural, inalienable rights as the basis of just government, and the substitution of a partisan, sectarian interpretation of the doctrines and precepts of Christian-ity, as applied to all social and business relationships. Who cannot see the vast possibilities for evil bound up in such a program ? The trouble with the whole National Reform scheme is that it seeks to accom-plish for the whole body politic, by Con-stitutional amendment, by acts of Con-gress, and by decisions of civil courts, what can be accomplished only by divine grace, and only in and for the individual. The success of the National Reform movement would mean the establishment  in this country of a man-made theocracy, a veritable image of the church and state regime that was at once the curse and the horror of the Middle Ages. The world emerged from the dark shadows of that period four centuries ago; shall we again turn our faces in that direction, or shall we remain true to the genuine principles of liberty and justice written into the Declaration of Independence, and em-bodied in the Constitution of the United States by the founders of the Republic? Let us not, while pouring out blood and treasure without stint to defeat and de-stroy autocracy, place our necks under the yoke of a man-made and man-admin-istered theocracy. An Interesting Decision By thelManaging Editor THERE was decided by Judge Daw-kins in the Superior Court of Bal-timore City, July 17, one of the most important Sunday-law cases ever tried in the State of Maryland, because the most far-reaching in its ramifications. Some weeks prior to the filing of this case, the city council had passed, and the mayor of Baltimore had approved, Ordi-nance 353, forbidding fishing and hunt-ing and the playing of certain games on Sunday " within the limits of the city of Baltimore, except as hereinafter author-ized." The next section (B) provides thatŠ "Nothing in this ordinance, however, shall be construed as prohibiting or pe-nalizing the playing in the public parks, private parks, on the grounds of organ-ized or incorporated clubs, and on open lots on Sunday of the games of baseball, golf, lawn tennis, croquet, basket ball, football, lacrosse, quoits, soccer, and field and track exercises ; provided that any of the games enumerated in this para-graph (B) are played on Sunday be-tween the hours of 2 P. M. and 7 P. M., and provided further that such games  are played in neighborhoods where they shall, not cause a disturbance of the pub-lic peace; and provided that such games shall not be played within one hundred (100) yards of any place of worship where services are being held; and pro-vided further that no admission fee what-soever to such games shall be charged." This of course threw down the bars, so to speak, for all such games on Sun-day, when not played for profit in the shape of gate receipts. The Lord's Day Alliance, seeing this, at once entered suit in the superior court, to restrain the au-thorities of Baltimore City from putting the new ordinance into effect, and to compel them to enforce in that city the State Sunday law, or an ordinance in harmony therewith. The State law pro-vides that Š " No person whatsoever shall work or do any bodily labor on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday; and no person having children or servants shall com-mand or wittingly or willingly suffer any of them to do any manner of work or labor on the Lord's day (works of ne-cessity and charity always excepted). 