68 LIBERTY here himself to speak in opposition to these bills. . . . America, a little more than a century ago, was the first nation that gained a glorious victory for free speech, a free press, and free-dom in exercising the functions of religion according to the dictates of the individual conscience. Since then free speech and free press have remained the impregnable bul-warks of civil and religious liberty in America, and may God grant that this benign blessing shall never be taken away from the American people. This proposed legislation to restrict the free-dom of the press in its operation in the open forum, is a trumpet blast from the reactionary forces for a renewal and revival of the old struggle. Every American patriot will raise his voice in protest against any movement whose object it is to muzzle the press so it cannot utter the truth freely and publicly and send it forth on the wings of the wind at its own charges to every dark corner of this re-public.. . . No one questions the fact that the liberties granted to the press have been abused at times, but the public when grievously wronged has had 'recourse to our courts, and has had redress for the injury done after the fact was established. Our existing statutes do prohibit obscene, lewd, lascivious books, pamphlets, pictures, prints, papers, or other publications of an indecent character from passing through the mails, and make libelous and slanderous reports which are an injury to reputation or pecuniary interests a subject for court action. But the United States Supreme Court and the State supreme courts have universally held " that the fact of libel or slander must first be found by a jury" and that then an injunction may be granted to restrain any further publication of the libel or scandal, and redress may be obtained according to the judg-ment of the jury. But this proposed legis-lation aims to take this matter out of the hands of a jury to determine the fact of guilt and places it in the hands of an auto-cratic censor of the press according to the system that has been in vogue in Russia and Turkey. . . . An Absolute Censor The bill introduced by Mr. Fitzgerald does not prohibit anything that is not already pro-hibited by civil statute, but it seeks to make the Postmaster-General not only an absolute censor of the press, but the judge, jury,' prose-cuting attorney, and sole witness without giv-ing the defendant a chance of trial to disprove the charges of libel or slander. It establishes an autocratic system of government instead of a democratic. . . . The word scurrilous as applied in the pres- ent statutes is used in an accommodated sense, and cannot be applied in a general way to what might be considered a political or reli-gious insult. Both these bills apply the term scurrilous in a general sense, and consequently would debar every newspaper or periodical from the mails which cast any reflection upon the policies of any political party as well as a reflection upon any form of religious worship, provided " any citizen of the United States " represented such publications to be an insult to his political or religious faith and practice. Mr. Finley: Will you permit a question right here? Mr. Longacre: Certainly. Mr. Finley: Under these bills, suppose the Postmaster-General himself was slandered or libeled. It does not look as if it would be proper for him to sit on his own case? Mr. Longacre: It does not look that way. This bill would permit him to do that. . . . The freedom of the press as provided in the First Amendment of the federal Constitution has stood the test of reason and of time. The benign blessings which have accrued therefrom have made our government and na-tion the most progressive, enlightened, and peaceful between the two poles on the six continents. . . . A Court Decision According to the decision of the United States Supreme Court the same liberties granted to the press in publishing books, pa-pers, and pamphlets must be granted to the circulation and transportation of the same, otherwise the freedom of the press or of speech would be of no value. Congress is only empowered to protect these rights but not to prohibit them. But this proposed leg-islation is so revolutionary in its restrictions of the freedom of the press that it would en-able a fanatical Protestant upon mere repre-sentation to cause the Postmaster-General to exclude all Catholic literature from the mails which would be antagonistic to his faith ; and likewise it would enable a fanatical Catholic to exclude all Protestant literature which he might represent to be offensive to his belief. In fact, it would enable the American idolater and self-righteous Pharisee to exclude the Bible itself from the mails, because it con-tains many statements which are very caustic and reflect seriously upon idolatry and Phari-saism. Jefferson's View Thomas Jefferson used to say that the same freedom which was granted to religion should he granted to the press. Certainly no man in America who lived before the days of Andrew Jackson, had more legitimate reasons than Jef-ferson to find fault with the untrue utterances of the press. Yet his faith was so strong in 