C Underwood & Underwood, N. Y. SOLDIERS READING THE BIBLE Sunday Rest in the Army and Navy By C. Porter THE following, which appeared in the Post of this city, Jan. 22, 1918, explains itself : " Observance of the Sabbath by all men in military and naval service was directed by President Wilson in a statement issued last night at the White House. All Sunday labor, he asked, be reduced to the measure of strict necessity. " ' The President, commander-in-chief of the army and navy,' said the statement, ' fol-lowing the reverent example of his predeces-sors, desires and enjoins the orderly observ-ance of the Sabbath by the officers and men in the military and naval service of the United States. The importance for man and beast of the prescribed weekly rest, the sacred rights of Christian soldiers and sailors, a becoming deference to the best sentiment of a Christian people, and a due regard for the divine will, demand that Sunday labor in the army and navy be reduced to the measure of strictest necessity. " ' Such an observance of Sunday is dictated by the best tradition of our people and by the convictions of all who look to divine provi-dence for guidance and protection, and, in re-peating in this order the language of President Lincoln, the President is confident that he is speaking alike to the hearts and to the con-science of those under his authority.' " More recently, namely, February 6, as reported in the Post of the next day, the 44 following interview took place between a young military registrant, presumably a Seventh-day Adventist, and the acting adjutant of the District: " I wish to notify you that I am a Sabba-tarian Š I observe Saturday as my Sabbath, therefore, I will not be able to present myself for physical examination next Saturday, as directed by my registration board,' declared a bright-eyed young man yesterday to Daniel J. Donovan, acting adjutant for the District. " You may be all you claim and then some, Š I never heard of a Sabbatarian,Š but my advice to you would be to undergo the exam-ination Saturday. I believe your religion can stand the strain,' Mr. Donovan replied." It is all right for the President to di-rect that as far as possible every man in the army be given opportunity to rest upon Sunday. That is the day the great majority regard as more or less sacred, and it is only right that as far as possible their convictions, or even preferences and habits, be respected ; but the principle should be applied to Sabbatarians, that is, to observers of the seventh day, also. To go beyond that, 'however, and to officially vouch for the sacred sanctions of any day seems questionable. It may he that " such an observance of Sunday 