58  LIBERTY cause wealth may increase not only from additional gifts, but from exorbitant ad-vances in the value of the primitive one. In grants of vacant lands, and of lands in the vicinity of growing towns and cit-ies, the increase of value is often such as, if foreseen, would essentially control the liberality conferring them. The peo-ple of the U. S. owe their independence and their liberty to the wisdom of de-scrying in the minute tax of 3 pence on tea, the magnitude of the evil comprized in the precedent. Let them exert the same wisdom, in watching against every evil lurking under plausible dis-guises, and grow-ing up from small beginnings. Obsta principiis. Opposed to Chap-lains Is the appoint-ment of Chaplains to the two Houses of Congress con-sistent with t h e Constitution, and with the pure principle of religious freedom? In strictness the answer on both points must be in the negative. The Constitu-tion of the U. S. forbids everything like an establishment of a national religion. The law appointing Chaplains establishes a religious worship for the national rep-resentatives, to be performed by minis-ters of religion, elected by a majority of them; and these are to be paid out of the national taxes. Does not this involve the principle of a national establishment applicable to a provision for a religious worship for the Constituent as well as of the Representative Body, approved by the majority and conducted by ministers of religion paid by the entire nation? The establishment of the Chaplainship to Congress is a palpable violation of equal rights as well as of Constitutional principles. The tenets of the Chaplain elected shut the door of worship against the members whose creeds and con- sciences forbid a participation in that of the majority. To say nothing of other sects, this is the case with that of Roman Catholics and Quakers who have always had numbers in one or both of the Leg-islative branches. Could a Catholic cler-gyman ever hope to be appointed a Chap-lain? 2  To say that his religious princi-ples are obnoxious or that his sect is small, is to lift the veil at once and ex-hibit in its naked deformity the doctrine that religious truth is to be tested by numbers, or that the major sects have a right to govern the minor. If Religion con-sist in voluntary acts of individuals, singly or volunta-rily associated, and if it be proper that public functiona-ries, as well as their constituents, should discharge their religious du-ties, let them, like their constituents, do so at their own expense. How small a contribution from each member of Con-gress would suffice for the purpose! How just would it be in its principle! How noble in its exemplary sacrifice to the genius of the Constitution; and the divine right of conscience! Why should the expense of a religious worship for the Legislature, be paid by the public, more than that for the Executive or Ju-diciary branches of the Government? Were the establishment to be tried by its fruits, are not the daily devotions con-ducted by these legal ecclesiastics, al-ready degenerating into a scanty attend-ance, and a tiresome formality? Rather than let this step beyond the landmarks of power have the effect of a legitimate precedent, it will be better to apply to it the aphorism, de minimis non ' A few years after this was written, on De-cember it, 1832, Charles Constantine Pise, a Catholic priest, was elected Chaplain of the Senate.Ñ G. H. **0004000440.+0000.0.00000000* Extensive religious combinations * to effect a political object are, in  * 1 the opinion of the committee, al- I ways dangerous. . . . All religious despotism commences by combina- * 4 tion and influence; and when that + . 4,  influence begins to operate upon the political institutions of a coun- 0 try, the civil power soon bends un- ¥ O der it; and the catastrophe of other 0 4  nations furnishes an awful warning i  of the consequence.Ñ Senate Mail Report of Jan. '9, r8z9. 0..4444.4444440..044440404444*0 