18 LIBERTY Louisiana Purchase Exposition, which passed Congress, and was enforced during the fair. Dr. W. F. Crafts, who styles him-self a " Christian lobbyist," boasted that he wrote the bill, and lobbied it through Con-gress. It was also supported by the churches in general. The success of this measure, like the conquest of Babylon. Lydia, and Egypt by the Medes and Per-sians, has said to these religious national reformers of our day, " Arise, and devour much flesh." The last significant advance was the attempt to secure a law for the District of Columbia compelling the teach-ing of the Christian religion in the public schools. This measure was defeated, but a secret undercurrent favoring such legisla-tion is still marching steadily forward in various parts of the United States. This influence is affecting the decision of learned jurists to the extent that " judg-ment is turned away backward, and justice standeth afar off." Isa. 59:14, 15. Note the following recent decision of the Su-preme Court of Minnesota: Š " ST. PAUL, January 12.Š An opinion of the municipal court of Minneapolis hold-ing that the Sunday closing law is equally applicable to Jew and Gentile, was upheld by the Minnesota court to-day. " The case was that of the State of Min-nesota against M. W. Weiss, who was ar-rested and convicted upon a charge of sell-ing groceries on Sunday contrary to the Sunday closing law. Weiss, who is a Hebrew and whose Sabbath comes on Sat-urday, asserted that this law is unconsti-tutional, the Constitution providing that no preference shall be given by any law to any religion. The Supreme Court did not sustain this view, but announced the doc-trine that the Sunday law is justified as a sanitary measure, and as a legitimate exer-cise of police power.' " Now comes the great church federation. This was the last step that was taken in the history of the early church in the es-tablishment of the papacy. A few state-ments gleaned from addresses delivered at the recent church federation will be suf-ficient to show the trend of this movement.  The chairman of the conference said: " This is one of the most notable assemblies of believers in Jesus Christ that has ever been seen." The object of the federation was stated by one speaker to be " to cor- rect such social evils as gambling, the liquor traffic, and Sabbath desecration." Dr. Dickey said, " It is our province in the name of our Supreme King, and seek-ing the good of mankind, to ask rulers to respect the code of our kingdom. This federation will compel an audience, and it will speak with power, if it will put aside its differences, and make its agreement its argument." Justice Brewer, of the United States Su-preme Court, said, " A federation without creedal expression or denominational con-trol will exert a mighty Christian power. It will make possible the throwing of the whole compact power of the United Church solidly on the side of right and justice. Such a power, wielded in righteousness, would redeem New York, reform Philadel-phia, and make Chicago clean. That power exerted upon the nation would lift it at once to a higher plane. I am sure that the influence of the federated churches upon the nation would make it that there should be no more war, nor preparation for war. The commission of Sir Walter Ralei2b. the compact in the `Mayflower,' and Colonial acts prove that this is a Chris-tian nation." Dr. Dickey further said, " I trust that one of the practical results of this confer-ence will be the organization of a force that lawbreakers and lawmakers will re-spect and heed when great questions of morals are involved." Is it any wonder that the papal pontiff should recently have declared that " what the church is losing in Catholic countries she is gaining in America "? The Catholic Mirror, the organ of Cardi-nal Gibbons, in its issue of December 2, published an article on Christian Unity, in which the writer, Rev. Morgan M. Sheehy, says, " The desire for the reunion of Christendom is a striking characteristic of our time." He must be Mind indeed who can not see the truthfulness of the statement of the twentieth United States Congress, whose Senate committee, when reporting adversely on a proposed Sunday bill, said, " Extensive religious combinations to effect a politica' object are, in the opinion of the commit-tee, always dangerous. . . . All religious despotism commences by combination and influence; and when that influence begins 