LIBERTY 39 but does that fact prove that there ought not to be a law against the practice? Š By no means. As Aristotle says, " One swallow does not make spring, nor even a fine day." Men who always drink mod-erately are the exception, not the rule ; but even if the pronounced evil were the exception instead of being the rule, would not the community be entitled to protec-tion against it? Š Certainly so. Prob-ably not one man in a hundred who car-ries a pistol or who would carry one could he legally do so, would ever shoot any-body, but that all may be protected against the one hundredth man, the law forbids pistol toting to all men. The plea of personal liberty is misused when it is urged in defense of any prac-tice which menaces the rights of others. It is said that on her way to the scaf-fold, Madame Roland exclaimed: "O Liberty ! Liberty ! how many crimes are committed in thy name! " The same might be said today when grave judges in the name of personal liberty deny to a great commonwealth the right to pro-tect not only the community at large, but even dependent wives and helpless chil-dren, against the insatiate greed of that greatest of all debauchers of mankind and the worst of all enemies of the public peace, the legalized liquor traffic. Works of Necessity Who Is to Decide? By G. B. Thompson THE following extract is clipped from the Washington Post of Feb. 19, 1918: " The presbytery of Washington has pro-tested against Sunday work by the Government employees, and has directed its standing com-mittee to investigate and report ' Certain work must be done on Sunday,' said a member of the presbytery, ' but much unnecessary work is being done.'" Admitting that some work is necessary on Sunday, the presbytery seem aggrieved because some " unnecessary work " is being done. This raises a very vital and perplexing question, as to what is " un-necessary work." Who is to decide Šthe man who is employing the help, the man who is working, the preacher, or the courts? But in wrestling with this question, courts have floundered in a chartless sea, searching vainly for a port. A work of necessity is indefinable. What may be necessary for one man on Sunday may not be for another. And what is necessary on one Sunday may not be necessary the next. What may be necessary in one locality may be en-tirely uncalled for in another. A man  may deem it necessary some Sunday morning to go into the woods and chop wood, to keep the family from freezing. The ring of his ax may disturb the ear of the preachers. Are they, for this reason, to decide the work is unneces-sary, and hale him to court? The ringing of a church bell on Sunday morning may disturb the secular ear of the unbeliever. Must it be understood, therefore, that church bells are unnecessary and not to be rung? If not, why not? Are the courts to decide that a secularist is not as competent to say what is a work of necessity as a preacher? A builder may decide that in order to fulfil his contract, or save a building under construction from damage, it is necessary to work Sundays. Who shall say that his de-cision is incorrect? A man may feel that in order for him to support his family during the high cost of living, and pay his debts, it is necessary to work on Sun-day. Who shall decide this Š the man himself or the presbytery? In case the clergy decide that the work is unneces-sary and the man cannot work, will they assume any responsibility for the needs 