78 LIBERTY civil on Sunday solely because of some real or imaginary superiority of Sunday over all other days. In brief, is baseball on Sunday a crime because of its inherent incivility, or simply because it is played on Sun-day? Sunday-law advocates will evade this question when possible; but it de-mands an answer, and every one who has given the subject any special thought will say at once that baseball is wrong on Sunday because of some supposed sanctity attached to or inherent in the day. But this sanctity is wholly the re-sult of the relation Sunday sustains to religion ; hence it can only follow that the province of a Sunday law is to de-fine, protect, conserve, and enforce the essentially religious superiority of the day. To those who have no religious con-viction of such superiority, its enforced recognition and observance can result only in idleness, discontent, and hypoc-risy. It brings persecution to those who conscientiously observe another day, and it is a menace to the state and a curse to the church. May God deliver us from " civil " Sunday laws. Hammond, La. What Strange Contradictions ! I HAVE been much interested in the attitude of many Protestant leaders to-ward the various movements of the Catholic Church. Any sign whatever of an effort on the part of 'Catholics to se-cure legislation in favor of that church is enough to arouse Protestant leaders to a frenzy over what they regard as a step toward uniting church and state. More than once in the Federal Council committee meeting at Washington did a noted bishop raise the cry of alarm be-cause the Catholics were trying to get a bill through Congress appropriating lands in the far West to their use. I can hear his positive and outspoken warnings yet, as he pleaded for steps to be taken to head off any effort that looked like bringing about a union of  church and state. He felt that all legis-lative bodies should be watched closely by Protestants in order to guard against the passing of laws tending to establish religion. In denominational and relig-ious matters legislators should keep hands off. Why is it so heinous for Catholic Christians to besiege Congress in behalf of church legislation, while it is regarded as commendable for Protestant Chris-tians to crowd legislative halls for the same purpose? Why is it a dangerous step in regard to religious freedom for the Catholic people to seek favorable laws to sustain them in their belief, and yet a commendable step for Protestants to petition Congress to compel men to keep Sunday? Why is not the latter a step toward union of church and state as well as the former? I know very well that the bishop re-ferred to would be in the front ranks of those who urge Congress to pass Sunday laws, if such a measure were, at any time, pending before that body. One other strange contradiction al-ways impresses me. That the very ones among Protestants who can see no good in the Catholic Church, who protest strongly against everything belonging to Catholicism, should at the same time accept as a sabbath the very day the Catholics claim to have put in place of the Sabbath of Jehovah, and so help them in the enthronement of error, makes a contradiction hard to under-stand. Here are Protestant followers of-the Christ Š the Christ who kept the Sabbath of the fourth commandment Šrejecting his holy day, and accepting in its stead the Catholic Sunday of Con-stantine, pagan in its origin, for which no word of Bible authority can be found! No wonder that men whose practise is so squarely against the command-ments of Jehovah, and who are put to their wit's end to harmonize Sunday-keeping with the Bible, should now de-sire to " revise the ten command-ments "! Š Sabbath Recorder. 