(4) LIBERTY © Committee on Public Information. U. & U. American Troops Daring Death in Defense of American Liberty pastor of the Walnut Street Presbyterian church, approved the Sunday moving picture film en-titled " The Price of Peace," and also sanc-tioned the movement for Sunday athletics in Fairmount Park, saying: " The bitter Sabbatarian controversy which has been raging for several weeks seems to have reached its nadir in Dr. Stanton's and Dr. Schelly's violent aspersions upon the Victory Loan campaign before the Presbyterian Min-isters' Association. . . . I am unable to follow him [Dr. Mutchler] in his mental processes. . . . He will wreck the cause so dear to his heart if he persists in opposing the rightful effort of the public to shake off the dead hand of 1794, for the public has recognized that the farmers of Pennsylvania at that time were not divinely ordained to standardize the conduct of all subsequent generations, or for the age of the oxcart to legislate for that of the airplane. " I would commend to Dr. Mutchler and the voluble company who support him in his ex-treme position, a re-reading of the New Testa-ment. There they will find ample authority for the principle that each man's conscience must determine his position in this question. One man esteemeth one day above another: another esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind.' " The sooner the Sabbatarians learn that the masses of mankind have no intention of abdi-cating the sovereignty of their minds in their favor, the better will the common interest be served. " The orbit of this discussion swings again into the realm of practical ethics in the pro-posed opening of Fairmount Park for recrea-tion on Sunday afternoons. How any man who  professes to love his fellows more than his prej-udices can oppose this humanitarian proposal, is beyond my comprehension. The rich man has his motor car and his golf. Justice dare not deny the poor man, who needs recreation more, the right to enjoy corresponding privileges. And beyond that the social advantage is plain, since it is evidently more in the interest of the public health and morality to have our boys playing ball and tennis, and engaging in other healthful exercises, than shooting craps in foul alleys. We must face facts and recognize that to many this is the alternative, rather than the Sunday school, which, with Dr. Mutchler, I would personally prefer. " In view of the violent, unpatriotic, and unchristian utterances made at the meeting of the Presbyterian Ministers' Association on Mon-day morning, I am impelled, as on a former oc-casion, to accept the unpleasant duty of point-ing out this is a voluntary organization, utterly devoid of official standing. Without qualifica-tion it can be affirmed that this association does not speak, and cannot speak, for the 'Presby-terian Church. Usually its more violent utter-ances come from men who have no pastoral duties to take up their energy, and it is humili-ating to the self-respecting Presbyterians of the city that these utterances receive so much publicity Š but as Burke said, ' a cricket under a stone makes more noise than a herd of cattle chewing their ends.' " In the same issue of the Public Ledger of Philadelphia, April 25, appeared this striking appeal from the boys who did active service in France, and who, when the letter was writ-ten and printed, were touring Pennsylvania in behalf of the Victory Liberty Loan: 