166 LIBERTY House of Representatives, March 4 and 5, 183o, by Congressman Richard M. Johnson, of Kentucky, in behalf of the Committee on Post-offices and Post-roads, in which the evident attitude of the founders of this country toward Sun-day laws is especially referred to as fol-lows : Š " If the measure recommended [for Sunday closing] should be adopted, it would be difficult for human sagacity to foresee how rapid would be the succes-sion, or how numerous the train of meas-ures which would follow, involving the dearest rights of all,Š the rights of con-science. " It is perhaps fortunate for our coun-try that the proposition should have been made at this early period, while the spirit of the Revolution yet exists in full vigor." Not alone did Congress understand the principles involved in that kind of legis-lation, but several States of the Union, notably Indiana, Alabama, Kentucky, Vermont, Illinois, and the city of Phila-delphia, sent memorials and resolutions commending the action of Congress in re-fusing to legislate upon the subject of Sunday observance. One part of the resolution adopted by the Alabama Gen-eral Assembly, Dec. 31, 1830, is a fair sample of the spirit of the different States referred to: Š " Be it further resolved, That the senti-ment expressed in the report of the com-mittee at the last session of Congress, in opposition to the suspension of the mail on Sunday, is entitled to the highest con-sideration of the friends of the Constitu-tion, and every lover of civil and political freedom. " And be it further resolved, That our senators in Congress be instructed, and our representatives requested, to use their exertions in opposition to any meas-ure that may tend to retard the trans-portation of the mail." It may be of interest to note in this connection that Senator Johnston, who has persistently urged the passage of a Sunday law for the District of Columbia, comes from the State of Alabama. The attitude of the Twentieth and Twenty-first Congresses, following the well-established precedents of previous Congresses, was well thought of and ap-proved among the people. A notable il-lustration of this was the printing on silk and other material for general distribu-tion, of a part of the Sunday Mail Re-port to the Senate of the Twenty-first Congress. One of these documents found its way into the general Post-office Department, and was placed on exhibi-tion as a souvenir until 1904. It will be remembered that at the St. Louis World's Fair, held that year, the International Sunday Rest Congress adopted a resolu-tion recommending that official and legis-lative bodies be urged to enforce Sunday laws and to enact more restrictive laws on the subject of Sunday observance. A communication to the Postmaster-Gen-eral was adopted on Oct. II, 1904, by the Sunday Rest Congress as follows : Š " To the Postmaster-General, Regarding a Sectarian Document in His Office. " To the Postmaster-General of the United States, Washington, D. C. " HONORABLE SIR: We, the members of the International Sunday Rest Con-gress, in session in Congress Hall, St. Louis, Mo., hereby petition that the sec-tarian document which was prepared dur-ing an early controversy about the Sun-days mails, and containing arguments against all Sunday laws, be no longer given a place in the office of the Post-master-General ; or, if it is to be retained, that the undersigned be allowed to frame an answer to be placed beside it. "(This action was adopted by the Sun- day Rest Congress, and was signed by a number of the officers and members.)" Apparently the Postmaster-General ac- ceded to the wishes of the Sunday Rest Congress, for the document was removed. The writer has for some time been search-ing for this document, and recently was rewarded by finding the same in one of the offices of the General Post-office De-partment, and a facsimile copy of the Senate report, concurred in January, 1829, appears as the frontispiece in this number of LIBERTY. 