-14 LIBERTY and Sunday laws do not belong to that which is civil, but to that which is religious. Everything pertaining to the Sabbath is religious, and should therefore be left to the church. All Sabbath legislation on the part of the state is entirely out of place. I think I can explain to you why some people are demanding Sunday legislation. Men see that lawlessness and crime are rapidly on the increase, and they are cast-ing about for something that will check these evils. The ministry rises up and says that the increasing wickedness is be-cause religion is not enforced upon the people by law; that if we had religious laws the people would be taught religion, and would be compelled to be religious, and this would check the ungodliness of the age. Thus, you see, religious laws, and Sunday laws particularly, come to be considered indispensable features of good government. I have heard the representatives of the NewŁ England Sabbath League and various min-isters of Boston, when appearing before legislative committees, declare that if these laws were repealed, every bulwark of mo-rality would be thrown down ; that all the principles of good government would go down Ł with them ; that lawlessness would increase, and anarchy would result if we dispensed with the Sunday laws. Therefore Sunday laws are advocated, and the masses in the popular churches are educated to think that good may come of such legislation ; that if the people are com-pelled to rest on Sunday they will become religious; that crime will decrease, and the world will be made better; and so they con-scientiously favor Sunday laws. They do not know that Sunday laws are almost as old as Christianity, and that such expedients have been tried over and over again in the past, but without success, and only with disastrous results. They have not read the history of the past, but suppose that it is a new test that is being made, which may prove to, be the redemption of the world. They are not aware that away back in the third century after Christ, Constantifie, the Roman emperor, nominally a convert to the Christian faith, began to make religious laws, and that his first law of this character was a Sunday law. In A. D. 321 he com-manded that the people of the cities and towns should rest on " the venerable day of the sun; " and it was thought by many Christian people at that time that the mil- lennium was at hand. Why, they said, how wonderful that the emperor is converted to Christianity, and is going to enforce the laws of God upon all his subjects all through the world ! They thought this meant the conversion of all nations ! The townspeople, according to this law, were to rest on Sunday, but those. living in the country were left free to pursue their business. By a later law, that of A. D. 386, the Sunday was more rigorously enforced, and civil transacticns of every kind were strictly forbidden. Whoever transgressed was considered guilty of sacrilege. Later laws were still more stringent, forbidding shows, theaters, and sports of all kinds on Sunday as unlawful competitors to the church. The people of those times certainly had Sunday laws, and they had very strict Sun-day laws. Unquestionably the power of such laws to lessen crime and make men moral, upright, and religious was well tested then. But did those Sunday laws, consid-ered so indispensable to good government, save the government of Rome and better mankind generally? Did not Rome almost immediately go into the Dark Ages, with the union of church and state thus brought about? Did not persecution lift its ugly head and continue its work of rule and ruin even to the enployment of the heads-men's ax? Was there not more ignorance, proscription, persecution, and bloodshed in the thousand years that followed that legis-lation than there had been in all the world's history before? This, therefore, is the result of entering upon Sunday legislation. Carried to its ultimate it means that when men are forced to rest, then they will go to the theater ; and when the theater and all other avenues of pleasure and pastime are closed, then if they do not go to church and be religious, there is only one step left, and that is to force them to go to church and to be relig-ious; and then you have a union of church and state in all its hideousness. That was the logical outcome of the first step in the enforcement of Constantine's Sunday law. Instead of ushering in the millennium, it ushered in the darkest ages of human his-tory. Look at the history of France. To-day she is surging in a sea of trouble over these things. In the ages gone by France was one of the foremost nations in enfor- 