LIBERTY 31 proclaiming the right principles and the true. At a great meeting in Germany the other day I met two Protestant preachers, one from a German grand duchy where Lutheranism has for generations main-tained its hold on civil power; the other from Austria, where the Roman eccle-siastical authorities hold tenaciously to the civil sword. My Seventh-day Ad-ventist brother from the one province told of Lutheran priests urging on the police to arrest members of the Lutheran Church who were absenting themselves from the public service, and meeting together in one another's cottage homes, to study the Word of God. He told of fines and threatened imprisonment; of agents of the pastors looking through the windows to observe the prohibited conventicle ; and of Bibles hastily hid away when the police came in to surprise a few believers in the Lord Jesus Christ at a religious service not approved by state-church principles. He told also the brighter story of the appeal to the reigning grand duke, and of his issuing to these believers the legal right to meet and pray, at least in private. The brother from Austria likewise re-ported incidents of police visitation at the behest of the church. While celebrating the Lord's supper with a few believers one evening recently, a priest's face ap-peared at the window. Warned by the sinister look of the priest, the pastor left the town quickly after the service. Bright and early next morning the priest appeared with the police to arrest the man for the crime of partaking of the em-blems of the broken body of our Lord with a little company of believers in a private house. Many another similar in-cident he related of experiences in Au- stria, where still the Roman Church has a large measure of the power that has fallen from her grasp in other lands. The controversy is not a question of parties or of names. It is a question of the principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ as opposed by the antichristian principles of the adversary of Christ. Washington, D. C. A Modern Savonarola How Rome Persecutes Bishop Miraglia for Preaching the Gospel A. J. SAXBY BOURDEAU MAY 27, 1909, Paul Miraglia-Gullotti, bishop of the Independent Catholic Church of Italy, landed in New York to carry on in America the work he had begun in Italy (his home land), Switzer-land, France, and England. Born in Ucria, Sicily, March 22, 1857, he showed in his early years a marked inclination to study. He began his lit-erary studies in 1868 at the famous Col-lege of Bronte, in Catania. Here the Bible was used, not for religious pur-poses, but as a specimen of literary com-position, and here he first learned to love the Book which was to become his great-est treasure. Choosing the life of a priest, he en-tered the Seminary of Patti, in his native diocese, in 1873. At twenty-two, " in spite of the bishop's strenuous opposi-tion,* he resigned his professorship in his alma mater, in order to preach. Soon after his ordination, he went to Palermo to complete his studies, and, in 1884, be-gan his eventful career as a preacher. In his life sketch appearing in the Eng-lish Review of Revirws (April I 5, 1901), we find this interesting estimate of his work: " His preaching was of an unusual kind in Italy. Meditating upon the Scrip-tures, he saw it was useless to waste time to write down sermons, when the best sermons any man could preach were to be found in the gospel. The voice was of Miraglia, but the spirit was that of Savonarola. For ten years he received many warnings to alter his style of preaching, but he did not heed them." In the same issue of the Review of Reviews, the editor points out the steps that followed, which led ultimately to Miraglia's excommunication by the Pope in 1896: " In 1893, on the occasion of the Papal Jubilee, he sent to Leo XIII his offering, in the shape of a strongly-worded paper [a pamphlet entitled 