LIBERTY 15 Some editors have tried to make terms with the Department. The editor of the Forward, and Max Eastman, of the Masses, have written the Postmaster-General, promising to refrain from any comment on international war relations or  war topics. The editor of the Charleston American has also offered to cease ex-pressing his pacifist views. The Depart-ment has not made any reply to their offers.Š Washington Herald, Nov. 4, 1917. Liberty Restricted Because of Its Abuse By the Managing Editor WE have received a number of communications from different sources soliciting our cooperation and protesting against the action of the Post Office Department in excluding from the mails publications that have criticized the draft and the whole war policy of the Government. These ap-peals are evidently in the interests of a propaganda of unlimited freedom along the lines indicated. But it has seemed to !us that the present is not an opportune time to press these questions, and that the Government is not altogether at fault. It would appear, that some of the de-partmental acts complained of have been arbitrary and not according to American law and principles, as we understand them ; but the man who rocks the boat in midstream is likely to get scant con-sideration, whether he is technically en-titled to it or not, and the same is true of those who in a time of national peril seem, even in small degree, to do or say things that might, though only indirectly, give aid and comfort to national enemies. We wish that all men would be mod-erate, and especially so in times of great public stress. Liberty is often restricted because of its abuse. For example, there has never been the same freedom of speech in American cities since the Hay-market Riot, that was enjoyed before that time. The bomb that killed eight Chicago policemen the night of May 4, 1886, and seriously injured sixty-six oth-ers, struck down at the same time that full measure of freedom of speech known  in this country before that fatal hour. Not only in Chicago, but in every Ameri-can city, it was practically said: " If we cannot have free speech without murder, we will not have it at all." This deter-Mination was and is sustained by public opinion. And now again, in the second decade of the twentieth century, because of the abuse of freedom of speaking, writing, and publishing, liberty is being further restricted, not only by the authorities, but by public opinion. Men are giving their lives, as they believe, and as the great majority of the people believe, to njake democracy safe in the world, and that majority will brook no interference, nor tolerate words and acts calculated in any way to give aid and comfort to the enemies of popular government. Some of these men who complain of arbitrary action on the part of the Gov-ernment, may be'technically right in thinking that they have kept within the guaranties of the. Constitution, but how-ever that may be, the effect of their acts and words has caused further restriction rather than enlargement of the liberties of the people. We are sorry they cannot see this, and voluntarily forego for the time being even what they esteem the Constitutional measure of their individ-ual rights, in the interests of the larger right of a great democracy to perpetuate its own existence and to keep alive in the world, " government of the people, by the people, and for the people." 