LIBERTY  29 a t )1:1 criminal or not is made to turn upon such fine distinctions." " Now, there are multitudinous rea-sons that could be urged against the pas-sage of this bill. Can anybody doubt that it is really Ñ while ostensibly an economic measure and presented as such Ñ in the nature of Sunday legislation, and as such is contrary to the spirit and letter of the Constitution of the United States?" A Working Man's Argument! John N. Quinn, of Takoma Park, who had been delegated by the employees of the largest private printing establishment in the District of Columbia to represent them before the committee, gave the fol-lowing reasons for his opposition to the bill:Ñ "i. The working man can secure a weekly day of rest without legislation by civil government. " 2. Working men are not agreed either as to the method of securing a weekly rest day or as to the day itself. " 3. The proposed legislation is an acknowledgment of a lack of conscien-tious conviction. " 4. The working man will not be per-mitted to exercise his right to decide how he shall observe the day. " 5. It is religious as well as class leg-islation, and takes issue in a religious controversy. " 6. It places a ' big stick ' in the hands of bigots. " 7. The spirit behind the movement is one of intolerance and persecution. " 8. To secure the weekly rest day by civil enactment is to do so illegitimately. " 9. The ultimate of Sunday enforce-ment will be disaster to religion, the state and the working man." The Rights of the Individual The next fifteen minutes were occtt-pied by A. T. Jones, of Michigan, in an earnest argument against the proposed legislation. He first gave a sketch of Sunday legislation from the time of Con-stantine to the present, showing that all Sunday legislation in the United States  could be traced through the laws of the colonies and through the laws of Eng-land, to their original source in the Ro-man laws at the time when there was the closest union between church and state. In discussing the exemption clause in the bill, he declared : Ñ " By the Constitution of the United States and by the divine religion, which Copyright, Barris and Ewing HON. SAMUEL MC MILLAN OF NEW YORK A member of the Committee on the District of Columbia who said at the hearing, " I would rather have a love and a respect for the sab-bath day implanted in a man's heart than all the laws you could put on the statute-books " is Christianity, every individual has a divine right, and also a constitutional right, to be religious without belonging to any combination or society in any way whatever." " This bill, then, plainly requires of all people that they must either observe Sunday or else be members of a relig-ious society,' which the state approves, that observes another day. This leg-islation, therefore, leaves no place what-ever for the individual relation to God, or for the individual choice of service to God, as to the observance of a day. Under this bill all the religion that any one is allowed to have as to the observ-ance of a day must be derived from the sanction and the authority of the state." 