LIBERTY 133 it through quickly and quietly before op-position could prevent. Arrangements were made for a public hearing by the committee to which the proposal was re-ferred. In the few days preceding the hearing, a deluge of petitions poured in upon the convention from lovers of lib-erty throughout the State, opposing the proposal. When the time for the hearing arrived, the chairman announced that the hearing had been called off on account of the opposition there seemed to be to the proposal. It died in the committee. When Proposal No. 65 was pending, a mass-meeting was called by the officers of the Ohio Religious Liberty Association in one of the largest halls of the city of Columbus. The addresses given by K. C. Russell (who was then the secretary of the Religious Liberty Association of Washington, D. C.) and others, on the blessings of liberty and the evils of in-tolerance, were listened to by many, and were favorably reported by the press of  the city and the State. A good influence was thus exerted. We feel that through the blessing of God a decided victory has been won for the cause of liberty. All of these ob-jectionable measures were defeated and rejected. The principles of liberty were given a prominence that will prove help-ful. While opposing this attempt at ob-jectionable legislation, the Ohio Religious Liberty Association memorialized the convention in favor of proper constitu-tional provision for the cause of tem-perance as a question' wholly within the proper sphere of civil government. We hope for much good to come from our having presented most of the delegates with a copy of " American State Papers." We feel grateful to God that in the for-mation of a new constitution for the great commonwealth of Ohio, it has been made impossible for the enemies of lib-erty to carry out their purposes. Mount Vernon, Ohio. tv Religious Liberty in the Philippines C. E. HOLMES CONSIDERABLE interest has been aroused among Protestant denominations by the discovery of a circular issued by the Bureau of Education of the Philip-pine Islands. The text of this circular as sent to the division superintendents of the public schools of the Philippine Is-lands, is as follows : Š " BUREAU OF EDUCATION " MANILA, March II, 1908. " Circular " No. 32, S. 1908 " RELIGIOUS TEACHING FORBIDDEN " To Division Superintendents. " It appears from one or two cases recently occurring that former decisions relative to religious teaching by teachers are not now generally known by all con-cerned. In a case arising in 1902, the secretary of public instruction, in for-warding the papers to the civil governor, laid down the following rule : Š " ' Criticism by teachers of doctrines  of any church, religious sect, or denomi-nation, and attempts by them to influ-ence the pupils of any public school for or against any religion, are definitely pro-hibited by law. Under, and by virtue of, the terms of Act 74, Section 16: " No teacher or other person shall teach or criticize the doctrines of any church, re-ligious sect, or denomination, or shall attempt to influence the pupils for or against any church or religious sect in any public school under this act. . . ." The law can not be construed to mean that it was intended to regulate the con-duct of the teacher in public only, and that privately, not to say secretly, the purpose of the enactment might be de-feated beneath the shadow of his own roof with impunity ; and even if it could, the teacher must not hope to escape ad-ministrative condemnation for his at-tempt to circumvent a law whose purpose is so plain and unequivocal. One of the 