78 LIBERTY things; when they put the ordinances and practices of the church into the code of the state for enforcement upon all Šit is time for the people to enter earnest protest against the repudiation of Ameri-can principles by the people's lawmakers. There may be those in this country who would welcome a return to the intoler-ant principles and practices of long ago; but it will be a sad day for America when those principles of medieval tyr- other law be passed making it a criminal offense not to attend church on that new religious holiday? When we have en-tered upon this " downward " path, there is no logical terminal this side compul-sory church attendance and a national Inquisition. It is time the American people were arousing to the danger that is threatening the country from the ac-tivities of such organizations as we have named and from the church and state Copyright Underwood & Underwood, New York GERMAN MACHINE GUN DETACHMENT GETTING INTO ACTION anny are carried to their logical conclu-sion in this country..  Representative Bendler did not call this legislation for Good Friday what the National Reformers and Lord's Day Al-liance leaders call the laws for an en-forced Sunday,Š a " mere police regu-lation,"Š but honestly admitted that it was to be " a day of devotion to the divine Saviour." Let the organizations named admit now with equal honesty the religious nature of the laws they are demanding for Sunday. Mr. Bendler's declaration that the Good Friday holiday was " not a holiday for getting drunk, as some persons do on holidays, but a day of devotion," etc., raises the query at once as to how he will enforce that feature of it. Will an- propensities of a class of legislators who have never learned, or have forgotten, the heaven-given principles upon which the nation was founded. c. M. S. " Mixes Religion and Politics " UNDER this heading the Washington Star, of March to, had the following: Š A plea for more active participation in civic work by men's organizations of churches was voiced by District Commissioner Louis Brownlow in an address last night before the Men's Society of Mount Vernon Place Meth-odist Episcopal Church. Pointing out that citizens' associations are concerned principally with promoting the in-terests of the sections which they represent, the commissioner stated , that there is a big opportunity for men's church bodies to gen- 