80 LIBERTY. As a political measure LIBERTY has no word to say against a league of nations to prevent war. This is not, however, because we expect much from such a league. So long as men are selfish they will fight, and so long as they are sinful they will be selfish. But it does not nec-essarily follow that statesmen should not do everything in their power to promote, by civil means, peace between nations. But while this is true, we cannot close our eyes to the fact that in international, as in national affairs, it is very hard to confine such efforts to the purely civil or secular sphere. Religion is one of the strongest factors in hu-man society, and in connection with the league to promote peace men are saying that without religion and religious conviction, such a league can end only in failure. In an article in the Saturday Evening Post of April 12, Alfred Noyes said: " The soul of humanity cannot live without religion; and our only hope is that mankind may now return to the first four words of the Bible, In the beginning God.' The chief need of the world at this moment is a simple ele-mentary declaration of right and the creation of adequate religious machinery for making the declaration effective; for of course it can never be made effective by the present generation of politicians in Europe." If Mr. Noyes alone entertained such a thought or had made such a suggestion, it would not be so alarming, but he has only voiced, or put into words, the thought of a large part, a very large part indeed, of the religious world. This has been the claim of the Roman Catholic Church all through her history, and there is an increas-ingly large number of Protestants who agree with her in principle while they deny her claims to be the church, the only true church, to have the only true religion, and to be the only moral force having the right to speak to men in the name of God and to command them under sin either to war or not to war as the interests of the church may require. But grant the premise, and the conclusion can scarcely be avoided; if " adequate religious machinery " there must be to make effective the declaration of the covenants of the league for peace, what more " effective machinery " can there possibly be than the great churches al-ready in existence? As a religious proposition, the people of France are overwhelmingly Roman Catholic. In Austria-Hungary it is the same; so in Italy; while even in Protestant Germany, a large pro-portion of the people are also Roman Catholic. The other countries involved are not dominantly Catholic, but not so overwhelmingly non-Cath-olic as to be able, in setting up " adequate re-ligious machinery " for making effective the league to enforce peace, to ignore the great Catholic machine already in existence, and so  to replace it with another such piece of ma-chinery, non-CatholicŁin its character. But even if this could be done, would the new machinery be morally better and politically more effective than the old machinery, which has never been able to keep Europe, nor any-body else for that matter, out of war? Mr. Noyes paints a dark picture of the moral condition of Europe and of European states-men. But does he not know that the very crimes he charges, were committed by the statesmen of nations having " religious ma-chinery " galore? Austria is the most thor-oughly Catholic country in the world today, with the possible exception of Spain. Germany has or had a. state church with the fullest possible recognition of religion and regular religious in struction in her public schools. But the states-men of these two nations are the very men who committed the crimes now deeply deplored by everybody, and so strongly characterized by Mr. Noyes. Every man ought to know now, even if he did not know it before, that there is no salva-tion for anybody, either individual or nation, in a state profession of religion. Recognized only as a political thing, organized for the purely political purpose of preventing war by political means, a league of nations might be temporarily successful and thus accomplish some good; but organized as a religious thing it could only be from its very beginning an en-gine of despotism and oppression. Let us have no so-called Holy Alliance, nor Holy Roman Empire, a monstrosity of which Voltaire said, and said truly, that it was " neither holy, nor Roman, nor an empire." B. SPECIAL point is given to our leading article, " The Menace of Bolshevism," by the recent attempt upon the life of the Attorney-General, A. Mitchell Palmer, and several other leading men in this country. The menace is real, not imaginary, and we need not flatter ourselves that we as a nation shall escape a visitation of the terror that has brought such distress to some parts of Europe, and which seriously threatens not only the remainder of that con-tinent but the whole world. The article to which this note refers was in type before the anarchistic outbreak of the night of June 2. A war is already on following the war. It is a war that even more than the war of 1914-18 is rocking and must yet rock the world. The New York Times said recently: " In so far as the war was a oonfliet between democracy and autocracy, it has been won. But out of it has come a war between democracy and anarchy, which threatens every institution of modern civilization." B. 