LIBERTY 185 " When the church had no sword but the sword of the Spirit, when her disciples knew nothing of persecution except what they suffered, her influence was irresistible. But on the evil day when she joined herself to political power, her invincible locks' were shorn away, and she was compassed round with danger and darkness."Š Hon Thomas C. McRae, Congressional Record, April 2, 1896. out of keeping with the character of the day, and because " it is the duty of the state to protect and to foster religion and religious institutions." It is with this idea of giving special protection to religion and to its institu-tions, that we take issue. We say special protection, for it is the duty of the state to protect religion in the sense of guar-anteeing that it shall be free from un-reasonable restrictions. Its houses of worship must not be injured. Its meet-ings should not be interrupted ; its dis-ciples ought to be free to go and come; its ministers should enjoy free speech; its press be free to print and to circulate literature, subject only to the same rules  that govern all other cults, literary, polit-ical, or social. Its institutions, its schools, its churches, are entitled to exactly the same standing before the law as the in-stitutions of all other societies, social, political, business, or literary. This it is the duty of the state to guarantee; but no more. In short, what we object to is the effort that still persists to make " the state the handmaid of religion," to enforce its ob-servances through and by means of the police power. All this is unwise, unjust, un-American, and unchristian, and against it we have protested and shall continue to protest in no uncertain tones. c. P. B. Since Peru Went Free BY N. Z. TOWN A FEW months ago the writer spent a week at the Seventh-day Adventist mis-sion station among the Aymara Indians near Lake Titicaca, in the interior of Peru, and had the privilege of observing the remarkable improvement that has been wrought in the nearly four hundred Indians who have left the superstition and idolatry of the Roman Church, and have accepted the gospel as taught in God's Word. At the time of this visit Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Stahl, who have charge of the mis-sion, and their associates were rejoicing over the recent action of the Peruvian Congress, which granted religious free-dom to Peru. But in the remote portions of the republic the priests and local pro- vincial officials, who have always had things their own way and who have waxed fat by exploiting and robbing the poor, ignorant Indians, have become very much alarmed as they see that their craft is endangered by the granting of religious liberty. How these men purpose to deal with any who may undertake to rescue the Indians from the fanaticism and su-perstition in which they have been held for centuries, is told by Mr. Stahl in the following letter : Š " While we were at work among the Indians in Quetluani, we heard rumors from the town near by that the priests were telling the people to kill us. Our people seemed to be quite nervous about it; but we told them that as we now had religious freedom in Peru, there was no danger of harm, much less of being " This liberty to think and do what they please extends to all manner of wrong-headed people, so long as they do not interfere with the rights of others. The widest departure from the faith of the majority is permitted as fully as the most trifling dif-ference of opinion."Š Hon. Thomas C. McRae, Congressional Record, April 2, 1896. 