LIBERTY 185 it was surrounded by the arms of earthly defenders. In captivity, its sanctity was sufficient to vindicate it from insult, and to lay the hostile fiend prostrate on the threshold of his own temple. The whole history of Christianity shows that she is in far greater danger of being corrupted by the alliance of power than of being crushed by its opposition. Those who thrust temporal sovereignty upon her, treat her as their prototypes treated her  Author. They bow the knee, and spit upon her ; they cry, ' Hail ! ' and smite her on the cheek ; they put a scepter in her hand, but it is a fragile reed; they crown her, but it is with thorns ; they cover with purple the wounds which their own hands have inflicted on her, and inscribe magnificent titles over the cross on which they have fixed her to perish in ignominy and pain." Washington, D. C. ttE Religious Liberty in China ONE of the great questions in the new republic of China is, Shall China have a state religion, and what shall it be? One of the periodicals which promises to be-come a leading journal is the Republican Advocate of China, published weekly at Shanghai, the second number of which, June 15, has come to us. Among the questions discussed is the one above stated. The editor tells us that a large number of replies have been received, on all sides of the question. He prints three characteristic ones. One is from the Rev. C. Spurgeon Medhurst, who advo-cates a state religion. The letter clearly shows that the writer does not under-stand the real questions at issue, and it contains very little of the American prin-ciple of separation of church and state. Re declares that the American republic was founded by devout Christians, to whom state and religion were synony-mous. But state and religion were so far from being synonymous that the fathers of the American republic felt that it was absolutely necessary to place in the fun-damental law the prohibition that Con-gress should make no law respecting an establishment of religion, and to declare that no religious test should ever be re-quired of any citizen. But this writer argues that " circumstances in China are different. . . . The government dares not ignore the strength to be derived from the agreement of many minds, such as only religion supplies. To specify the nature of this state religion is more diffi- cult. Personally, I believe China will only become a strong nation as she be-comes a Christian nation, yet I should oppose the state recognition of Christian-ity." But it might be answered, If one is going to demand a state religion, why not take the best religion there is? Of course to him who understands it, there can be no true union of Christianity with the state; it is only a form of religion with the state that could be effected. Christianity is life, and not a matter of human law. This writer would have such a state religion with no other defi-nition than " God is love," or " Love is God," with the ethics of the golden rule, Š a sort of namby-pamby religion that would please nobody. Another reply comes from " Gualte-rio," whom some may recognize as one of our own correspondents, Mr. W. E. Gillis. He states it this way : Š " ' Should China have a state relig-ion?' is the most vital issue now con-fronting the nation. To answer in the affirmative means to support a policy that puts a premium on hypocrisy, and stultifies the mission of true religion. Should China have a state religion ? Š Never ! The experiences of history for-bid it. The voice of reason says No! " " Gualterio " then refers to the various classes of government,Š the divine right of kings, the old pagan form; the second class, the papal dominations of Europe for twelve hundred sixty years, and the loss of millions of lives to witness to its deplorable regime ; and " the United 