Congress Again Asked to Close Theaters and Moving Picture Shows on Sunday By C. S. Longacre THE Pastors' Federation of Washington, D. C., took a census on a recent Sunday and discovered that only 7,000 people were in attendance at the Sunday services in fifty Protestant churches, while 50,000 were in at-tendance at thirty-eight theaters and moving picture shows on the same Sunday, The churches were slimly attended, while the places of amusement were filled to over-flowing. This revelation created a feeling akin to jealousy, and the Pastors' Federation and the Lord's Day Alliance promptly called a mass meeting for the purpose of urging the passage of a general Sunday observance law by Con-gress for the District of Columbia. At this mass meeting a number of leading clergymen and the na-tional secretary of the Lord's Day Alliance made fiery speeches, and raised more than one thousand dollars to launch a campaign to pro-hibit all Sunday labor and business, especially the operation of all places of amusment Š in fact, to outlaw all " Sunday amusement for amusement's sake." A drastic Sunday bill has been prepared the enactment of which would virtually create a situation in Washington such as would compel all people to go to church on Sunday if they went anywhere. The secretary of the Lord's Day Alliance urged that each denomination, not only in Washington but throughout the whole country, get behind members in Congress, and have them pass a Sunday observance law, and thereby practically close all public places on Sunday, except churches and other places of worship. 34 The District of Columbia has never had a Sunday law. Not less than one hundred fifty Sunday observance bills have been introduced into Congress during the past three decades, but thus far Congress has refused to meddle with religious questions. Our Federal Govern-ment has adhered to the strict letter as well as the spirit of the First Amendment, which reads: " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Congress cannot pass a Sunday law without overriding this Amend-ment. The following editorial in the Washington Herald of February 11, dealing with this Sun-day-law movement on the part of the Pastors' Federation, is right to the point: " It is unfortunate that some of the churches of the city again have raised a cry against . viii 1 , Ł ftl ...----..--..; . t I ..,, i-,  r " 11 ..... Ł t 0,....,-..1... A Washington Theater 