16 LIBERTY Thus a country which guarantees free-dom of the press, places an embargo upon the printing of the Book of books in the language of the people. One of Greece's MR. TRICOMPES Mr. Tricompes, as Secretary of War, ordered the return of the Testaments donated to the army by an English lady greatest statesmen, while at the head of the war department, ordered the return to the donor of one hundred fifty copies of the Greek New Testament translated into the modern tongue, which had been distributed gratuitously to one of his regiments, the soldiers of which had demonstrated by previous efforts that they could not read understandingly the New Testament in the original Greek. The populace break down doors and windows, and commit other forms of violence, to obtain and destroy supplies of the translation whenever they learn of their existence and their whereabouts. A country which boasts of freedom of thought, forbids the introduction or propagation of teachings not in harmony with certain limited, arbitrary doctrines prescribed by an unprogressive, spiritu- ally decadent church. The common peo-ple stone and otherwise maltreat those who attempt to preach the gospel accord-ing to the clear, simple teachings of the Scriptures. On passing through the streets of Athens one morning a few months ago, the writer was surprised to see in the front window of every leading store in town the following notice: " This store closed on Sunday." It is thus demon-strated that the world-wide Sunday movement finds an echo in the classical capital of modern Greece, and that a nation can have strict Sunday observance while knowing little or nothing of the spirit of the gospel of Christ. Church officials obtain and maintain their positions through shameless intrigu-ing and political chicanery. Ambitious and unscrupulous politicians use the power of the priesthood and the church over the people, to accomplish their own ungodly ends. The church is in a piti-able state of worldliness and apostasy. The state has stooped to the belittling and undignified course of trampling upon the fundamental rights of the peo-ple, and of placing unconsecrated hands upon the sacred things of religion. In short, the things that are God's and the things that are Caesar's are so deplorably mixed that it is impossible for either to serve their legitimate purpose. Athens, Greece. Ł-.1111.-Ł  Baneful Fruit of State Religion C. S. LONGACRE OUR legislatures would like to drive the church out of politics, but many of the clergy hang on with a tenacious grip, as if even a partial surrender of their hold on the state meant their funeral knell; as if the future hope and salvation of the church depended upon the aid they are now receiving from the state. The only basis upon which the civil officers and churchmen can get along agreeably and fulfil their respective of-fices in the state and church justly, peaceably, and impartially to all alike is 