32 LIBERTY LIBERTY The Official Organ of the Religious Liberty Bureau Department of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists WASHINGTON, D. C., FIRST QUARTER, 1907 ŁSubscription Price - - 25 cents per year To Foreign Countries - 50 " " " Published Quarterly by REVIEW & HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. TAKOMA PARK STATION, WASHINGTON, D. C. Entered as second-class matter, May 1, mob, at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. THE struggle for religious liberty in the time of the Reformation is dealt with in this number. How this conflict was carried on in other times will be treated in future numbers. THE contents of this number is sufficient proof of the necessity of such a magazine. The foes of religious liberty are rampant, and the evidences of their working are everywhere. THE reader will find much evidence in this number of the fact that the pagan and papal principle of the union of church and state is rapidly gaining ground in the United States. THE fact that such men as Bishop Sat-terlee and Dr. S. H. Greene, of Washington, have expressed themselves as opposed to coercion in the matter of Sunday observ-ance, ought to set many lesser lights who favor Sunday legislation to thinking. Read what these men have said. See page 9. UNDER-the gospel, the rule for contribu-ting to its support is, " Every man, accord-ing as he purposeth in his heart, so let him give ; not grudgingly, or of necessity : for God loveth a cheerful giver." Under a union of church and state the rule is, " Every man according as the law pre-scribes, so let him pay, however grudg-ingly. for the church must be supported." CHRISTIANITY teaches men to substitute persuasion for compulsion in the advance-ment of the cause of God. SUNDAY laws are a relic of the days of religious tyranny and oppression, and every one of them should be repealed the world over. They are evidences of neither civil-ization nor salvation, but are the very germ and tap-root of that baleful plant, church-and-state union. IN his work on " Union of Church and State," Mr. Noel says: " The state does not determine fot us our lawyer, physician, or tradesman; why should it appoint our pastor? Why select for its dictation pre-cisely the matter in which it is the least competent to dictate, and in which its blunders are the most injurious?" SINCE the publication of the last number of LIBERTY, a great issue has arisen in Cal-ifornia over the question of Sunday legis-lation. For the past twenty-five years, or since 1882, when the Supreme Court of the State declared the State Sunday law of 1858 unconstitutional, California has had no Sunday law. It is now proposed to amend the constitution so as to make Sun-day laws constitutional, and a proposition to this effect has been introduced into the present State legislature. See the article " Some California Sunday-Law History " on another page. THE Episcopal Recorder of Philadelphia. in its issue of January 17, says : " It is probable that the Sabbath question is to-day the 'burning question before the legis-latures of more countries than any other. Eleven different European nations have in the last dozen years put laws on their statute-books to enforce a more or less com-plete Sunday rest. In many of these cases the laws are much more drastic and the penalties more severe than in the case of any Sunday law in the United States." Truly the Sabbath question in its two phases Š Sunday observance by law, and Sabbath (seventh day) observance by faith and free choice Š is rapidly becoming the " burning question " of the day. Over this question will come the last great struggle in the con-flict of the ages. 