26 LIBERTY of heretics be educated in the schools of the orthodox; " prevent heretics from holding any public office or any honorable employ-ment, or from exercising reputable pro-fessions, such as advocates, physicians, or professors in colleges; subject them to cor-poral punishment; and, finally, put them to death. And those guilty of blasphemy were thus dealt with: they were fined for the first offense, but, in the event of fre-quent relapses, "their lips are pierced with a hot iron, their tongue is cut out, and they are condemned to the pillory, to banishment, or to the galleys," and, at last, " even to death itself." These ordinances were enacted in France during the reigns of those kings who are held in the highest estimation by the papacy, as the most beloved and honored sons of the church, on account of their obedience to its commands and their devotion to the cause of religion. By means of them, and others of like nature, they caused them- selves to be esteemed in Rome as foremost among Christian princes, and placed France in the very front rank of Christian states. The nation presented to the world a model form of government, according to the papal plan. If it had not passed these laws in obedience to the dictation of the church, it would have been heretical, and not Chris- tian. And if those who exercised the tem- poral power had not caused them to be vigorously executed, they would have sub-jected themselves to the anathemas of the church. Thus we see the nature and char- acter of the civil institutions for which we are now asked to exchange our own Š in other words, what the papacy and its de-fenders mean by a Christian state.Š" The Papacy and the Civil Power," by R. W. Thompson, Published by Harper & Broth-ers, New York, pages 695-699.  still more so; and, as a rule of construction, it is to be presumed they were probably not contemplated or designed.'' Again Judge Cooley says: "To forbid to an individual or a class the right to the acquisition or enjoyment of property in such manner as should be permitted to the community at large would be to deprive them of liberty in particulars of primary importance to their ' pursuit of happiness.' " Now, does not Sunday legislation involve the principles here referred to? And does not a Sunday law menace the inherent rights of the people? That this view merits attention may be seen from a Sunday-law case reported from Illinois ( t6t Ill., 296). In reversing the decision of the lower court against a bar-ber who had worked on Sunday, the Su-preme Court said, among other things: " If the legislature has no power to prohibit by law a woman from being employed in a factory or workshop more than eight hours in any one day, or forty-eight hours in a week, upon what principle, it may be asked, has the legislature the right to prohibit a barber from laboring and receiving the fruits of his labor during any number of hours he may desire to work during the week? If a woman may be allowed to determine the number of hours she may work in a week, why not allow the barber the same right? " In a case that was reported from Cali-fornia before the repeal of its Sunday law on a writ of habeas corpus to procure pe-titioner's discharge from custody, to which he had been committed for violating the Sunday statute, the court held, among other things: " It is not easy to see where or how this law protects labor from the unjust ex-actions of capital. A man's constitutional liberty means more than his personal free-dom. It means, with many other rights, his right freely to labor and to own the fruits of his toil. It is a curious law for the protection of labor which punishes the laborer for working. Yet that is precisely what this law does. The laboring barber, engaged in a most respectable, useful, and cleanly pursuit, is singled out from the thousands of his fellows in other employ-ments, and told that, willy-nilly, he shall not work upon holidays and Sundays after twelve o'clock, noon. His wishes, tastes, or necessities are not consulted. If he la-bors, be is a criminal. Such protection to Personal Rights S. B. HORTON COOLEY'S " Constitutional Limitations," a work of standard authority, says: " Equal-ity of rights, privileges, and capacities un-questionably should be the aim of the law. . . . The state, it is to be presumed, has no favors to bestow, and designs to inflict no arbitrary deprivation of rights. Special privileges are always obnoxious, and dis-criminations against persons or classes are 