r f MI net' ;v:s..r fikStME&CM e!faroorlime f 1,1, MECKLENBURG (N. C.) COURT-HOUSE; SHOWING MONUMENT TO SIGNERS OF THE FIRST AMERICAN DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE 40 LIBERTY Delegates met in Charlotte, the county seat, in May, 1775. The news of the first clash of arms in Lexington had arrived, and the men of Mecklenburg, on May 20, signed a declaration that the American colonists were by all natural right free and independent States, closing their declara-tion with the pledge,Š " To the maintenance of which indepen-dence we solemnly pledge to each other our mutual co-operation, our lives, our fortunes, and our most sacred honor." Every member of the assembly was made a justice of the peace, for the preservation of order, and the historic meeting ad-journed, each member pledging himself "to use every exertion to spread the love of the country and fire of freedom through-out America, until a more general and organized government be established in this province." The Christian's Only Legitimate Weapons OUR duties to God, whether they be tempers of mind or actions purely indica-tive of these tempers, are matters subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of God himself. If we obey him, he claims to himself alone 'the right to reward us. If we disobey him, he claims to himself alone the right to pun- ish us. No other being in the universe has the right to intermeddle in the premises, either for the sake of reward or of punish-ment. The right of God is equally exclu-sive of individuals and of societies. If we persevere in disobedience to God, our fellow men may attempt to change our minds, but only in such way as God himself has ap-pointed; that is, by the "manifestation of truth commending ourselves to every man's conscience." If these means fail, the duty of our fellow men to us is accomplished. We must then be left to our own course. Our fellow men are not responsible for us any further. God, henceforth, reserves the case for his own exclusive jurisdiction. All this, so far as civil government is concerned, is pretty generally, in theory at least, admitted. That it is as generally, however, admitted in prac-tise, could not with equal truth be asserted. The dis-tinction in civil right, which even now exists in most countries in Europe between those who wor-ship God in one way and those who worship him in another, shows that the truth on this subject has not yet wholly eradicated the persecuting usages of a darker age. Nor is our own country yet entirely free from the reproach of interference in matters of this kind, although the evil shows itself in a modified and disguised form, and excuse, an entirely different pleads, in reason. There are, however, other evils of a kindred character, more closely allied to the spirit of the age, and which, we fear, will not be so readily eradicated. I allude to the animosities which exist between the different sects of professing Christians. These spring from the same source as those forms of persecution to which I have al-luded. The principle is in both cases the same. If I have a right to interfere with the happiness of my fellow men, on account of difference in religious opinions in one way, I have the same right to interfere in another way. If I have no right at all, 