LIBERTY  21 The League of Nations (Concluded from page 5) worldly kingdoms based on politics with the heavenly kingdom founded on grace. Confusion here can only raise false hopes ending in failure and disappointment. But while those are extremists who expect too much from a league of nations, those who oppose such a league as of little value in po-litical affairs, and worthless as a war preven-tive, are extremists of another type. They ignore the known facts of history. A league of nations as a distinctly political union founded for the purpose of making covenants of peace among the nations more secure and less likely to be broken, is certainly praiseworthy, even if it does not banish war forever from the earth. We can only hope and pray that its success in its legitimate field will exceed our fondest an-ticipations. Centralized power, of course, can readily be misapplied and abused. If a political federa-tion should join hands with an ecclesiastical federation for the purpose of enforcing both civil and religious obligations and coercing the individual conscience, we should have grave ap-prehensions, and should oppose such a combina-tion with the utmost vigor. But until such a religio-political union is proposed, we have no more ground to object to a league of nations  than we have to criticize the work of our fore-fathers who federated the several States in a political union and a centralized government, the wisdom of which procedure time has fully demonstrated. While there is danger in such a union, yet its benefits thus far have greatly outnumbered its abuses. Let us be logical, con-sistent, and practical, and take alarm at dan-gers when they actually make their appearance. 111  IV TURN now to the temperance revolution. In it we shall find a stronger bondage broken, a viler slavery manumitted, a greater tyrant deposed. In it more of want supplied, more disease healed, more sorrow assuaged. By it no orphans starving, no widows weeping. By it none wounded in feeling, none injured in interest. Even the dram worker and the dram seller will have glided into other occupations so gradually as never to have felt the shock of change, and will stand ready to join all others in the universal song of gladness.ÑAbraham Lincoln. Pi 01 Of TEE persecuting spirit has its origin morally in the disposition of man to domineer over his fellow creatures, intellectually, in the assump-tion that one's own opinions are infallibly cor-rect.Ñ John Fiske. National Reformers Demand Sunday Legislation IN the Preliminary Assembly of the Third World Christian Citizenship Conference, held in Pittsburgh, June 23-27, last year, Ñ really a conference of the National Reform Association,Ñ Dr. Samuel Zane Batten, of Phil-adelphia, said: " The churches of the world, negatively, are largely responsible for this war. We have represented disunion and division, rather than union and fellowship. We must organize the international life of the world on a Christian basis. That is the supreme question before the church and the world at this hour. What does it mean/ We do not know. There is prac-tically no light from the past. The first thing is to create an international commission and make that commission effective, and make that a parliament of men,Ñ a federation of the world. The only thing is world federation. We must preach it. There must be a council representing all the nations. We must have a United States of the World, with a congress representing all the states, with a world su-preme court to which cases may be referred. We must have a world police force, strong enough to meet any emergency that is liable to arise." This international parliament and federation of men and nations, we are told, is to be or-ganized " on a Christian basis." The churches as well as the nations are to federate into world organizations, and the National Reform idea is that these two world organizations are to unite in order to formulate " world law " " in the terms of world redemption," and in this way usher " the kingdom of God into the world." All this sounds well, but if the proposed fed-eration is to be influenced in any considerable degree by Dr. Batten and his coreligionists of the National Reform school of thought, there are vast possibilities for evil in it. Dr. W. M. Rochester, of Toronto, secretary of the Lord's Day Alliance of Canada, in pre-senting his " Report of the World Commission on the Lord's Day," told what their real motive was. He said: " We need a holy day. The weekly rest day is not sufficient. . . . The world's sore need cannot be met by the weekly rest day, the holiday, but only by the holy day, the Christian Sabbath. The first great task subsequent to the war is to restore the Lord's day to its proper place in the life of the people." 