L I B E. R 1.  Y I I I numunitieb of citizens of the United States." An effort is made by some to show that Sunday laws are not religious, and do not invade any natural right. Without argument upon the general proposition, it is an undeniable fact that such laws interfere with the " free exercise " of the religion of those who believe in and prac-tice the observitnce of another day of the week. In an effort to obviate this injus-tice it is frequently proposed to exempt such persons from the observance of Sun-day. Even then such a law works a hard-ship upon this class, as they are deprived of business opportunities to buy and sell, to employ or seek employment, on that as on other days; thus the law places upon them a penalty, or demands of them a sacrifice, if they " exercise " the reli-gion of their choice. Majority rule should be confined to issues upon which the government has a right to decide; and religion is not one of them. A short time ago, in the city of Los Angeles, Cal., a Sunday-closing ordinance was before the city council. Retail grocers, in advocating its passage, claimed that ninety-five per cent of the grocers favored it, and the other five per cent was too small to be worthy of any consideration. Representatives of reli-gious bodies, in favor of the ordinance, said that it was chiefly opposed by those who kept another day, and there were but a few thousand of them, and in compari-son with the advocates of Sunday they were so few that they were not worthy of attention or hearing. We thank God that our government has a better foundation than this, that " might makes right." The practice of this inhuman maxim is cursing the earth with war and sorrow. Under it Germany refused to recognize any rights of the little kingdom of Belgium when opposed to her overwhelming majority. Under it the German army admitted no right of a few thousand Belgian women to main-tain their virtue against the wish ofi mil-lions of soldiers. But Americans are not supposed to be applying German princi- ples of government in this country, even in local affairs, while pouring out blood and treasure without stint to overthrow those evil principles as applied to world affairs. A Sunday Ordinance Declared Invalid THE following dispatch sent from Danville, Va., August 2, and printed in the Washington Times of the same date, indicated that progress is being made in the Old Dominion ; " Rabbi David Kusner has won his contention that the law passed not many weeks ago by the city council, compelling all stores to close on Sundays, is invalid. Judge William Leigh granted him an in-junction restraining the mayor and all city police officers from enforcing the law, and about eight stores which were closed up when it went into effect will operate unmolested on Sundays here-after. They cannot sell soft drinks, how-ever. " The Court, in his decision, held that the local ordinance is not consistent with the State law passed many years ago, and which provides that where a man conscientiously observes a week day as his holy day, he can work on the Chris-tian Sabbath. " Kusner made a test case of the or-dinance, and was arrested for selling a ten-cent handkerchief to a city council-man in the presence of a policeman. He was fined $50, and the councilman, deemed also guilty under the ordinance, was fined $25. Kusner noted an appeal, but the city attorney had the case dis-missed, after which the rabbi sought an injunction." This decision is in line with the Okla-homa decision of a year or more ago, to the effect that when the legislature of that State enacted an exemption clause for observers of the seventh day, the pur-pose was not to give them merely an empty shell, but to afford real relief from the hardship of being required to keep 