LIBERTY 11 eous principle of liberty of conscience, Š a principle which the national consti-tution recognizes for all without distinc-tion, for believers as well as for infidels, Š for the love of this noble principle which is threatened by the Sunday law, and for love of the national honor, the civil government should leave the people free to observe whatever day they wish, or no day at all, as their consciences may dictate. With the desire, therefore, that no law be drafted that may be contrary to the command of God, and that no religious law be enacted by the civil government, I subscribe myself your friend and serv- ant, ED. W. THOMANN. The South American countries are looking to the United States as a pattern of republican government. As there is such a tendency in most of the States of the Union to enact more rigorous Sun-clay laws, there is a strong probability that the South American countries may follow that retrogressive example. Some have done so already. If the lawmakers of South America could be made to un-derstand Š what the lawmakers of North America have no excuse for not understanding Š that the Sunday insti-tution is a religious and not a civil insti-tution, the majority of them would re-fuse to have anything to do with the enactment of such laws. There is always the danger, however, that some will do as Pilate of old, yield to the clamors of the multitude, and then wash their hands, declaring they are " innocent of the blood " of those who suffer in conse-quence of these unrighteous laws. But those who clamor for such laws, and those who enact them, are alike respon-sible for the evil which they entail. When the government keeps its hands off religious things, and the church keeps its hands off civil things, then will both church and state have peace and prosperity, and each will do the work appointed it of Heaven. The conditions in South America are a grave warning Ł against any union of religion and state. The Johnston Sunday Bill THE well-known Johnston Sunday bill (S. 404) died with the close of the Sixty-first Congress. But hardly had the Sixty-second met, and that, too, in extra ses-sion, before practically the same bill was introduced by the same senator, and was passed to a committee for consider-ation and report. A hearing was granted the opponents of this measure on May 17 before a sub-committee of the Senate District Com-mittee. One religious organization and one secular organization presented ar-guments against the bill, showing un-questionably that it was a religious measure, and one, therefore, with which Congress could not legitimately have any-thing to do. The following document was presented to the committee at the time of the hearing, and is given here be-cause of its succinct presentation of the chief objections to all such legislation: Š A Protest Against Senate Bill 237 In presenting our protest against the passage of S. 237, " A Bill for the Proper Observance of Sunday as a Day of Rest in the District of Columbia," we beg to express our sympathy with all legitimate reform movements, and to declare our willingness to cooperate in every proper effort to improve moral and social con-ditions. We are of the opinion, however, that the end which is evidently in view in this proposed legislation should be sought by some other means than by legal enact-ment. The grounds of our opposition to this bill we will state in as brief form as is consistent with the importance and scope of the subject-matter. Its Religious Character Demonstrated We are opposed to this bill because it appears to us to be a more or less direct attempt to establish a religious observ-ance by law. No such legislation is de-manded in behalf of purely civil holidays, on which the general transaction of busi-ness is legally suspended, but the people are left free to observe Washington's birthday, the fourth of July, Thanksgiv-ing day, and other similar days, without 