LIBERTY 123 Of course " the faith " to which the cardinal's organ refers is the Catholic religion; and yet how that faith could be said to have prompted Columbus to his " noble achievement " when its " council of ecclesiastics " declared his undertaking an impious project and influ-enced the king against it, is one of those conundrums which can not be solved save by that system of logic which proves that things which we see do not exist. Nevertheless, the monument was  erected to the glorification of that church, and the money was taken from the treasury of the general public to pay the bills. Is it not time that the people should ask that church (and any church thus inclined) to keep its hands out of the national treasury? Is it not time that the people demand that there be a separation of church and state in fact as well as in name in this country ? This fundamental principle is now being wan- tonly violated. c. M. s. tv 01 iv A Move in the Wrong Direction IN a memorial to the State superin-tendent of public instruction and to boards of education of the State of Ore-gon, the Presbyterian Ministers' Asso-ciation of the city of Portland urges that moral instruction shouldŁ be imparted in the schools of that State. After refer-ring to " our growing and selfish mate-rialism under the impetus of our in-tensely industrial life," and deploring the alleged fact that " a public sentiment has grown up that has forced our schools into methods that practically ignore the higher moral and religious nature," and after expressing their judgment of " the supreme importance of moral character as a foundation of citizenship," the mem-bers of this association submitted the fol-lowing summary of their views as to the place of moral and religious instruction in the public-school curriculum : Š i. The moral law as summarized in the ten commandments is of divine au-thority, and is grounded in the conscience and religious nature of the individual. 2. As the basis and condition of so-cial welfare, it should be given recogni-tion in every department of education. 3. To give effect and establish in character the principles and spirit of this authoritative moral law, our teachers should be encouraged to use entire free-' dom, in obedience to sound principles of educational philosophy, in utilizing every incentive and appliance of experience, bi- ography, history, and literature, in which the sacred precepts, warnings, and history of the Hebrew and Christian Scriptures that apply to this end should be given the place they deserve. 4. That our youth may admire and imitate the virtues embodied in character, they should be made familiar with the noble men and women who have exem-plified our high ideals of service to man-kind. 5. Memorial days and days of thanks-giving should be made the occasion for teaching the lessons for which the days are set apart. 6. Literature in verse and song should serve its high purpose, and the admin-istration of the school should incorporate in spirit all that its precepts imply. While admitting and emphasizing the irreligious tendencies of the time, we most positively affirm that it will be both unwise and improper to use the pub-lic school as the agency through which to correct these evils, and to renew the religious life of the people. The attempt to teach the ten commandments as the law of God in State schools supported by general taxation, would be a flagrant violation of the Christian principle of government Š the separation of church and state ; and while it would fail to rem-edy the evils complained of, it would open the door to still other evils. Though ap preciating the value of moral and religious instruction, and urging that it should be 