4 LIBERTY infidel separation, on indifference and hatred of the church, and of religion itself. We oppose any semblance of a union of church and state, or of religion and govern-ment, because we believe it to be detri-mental to the best interest of both, and we do this as Christians who believe in the Christian idea of the relation which should exist between them. Time will demonstrate again, as it has demonstrated in the past, that this is the right attitude for the truest friends both of the church and the state. A Sunday Law Campaign NEARLY all the Protestant ministers of the city of Washington, D. C., have united with the Catholic clergy in an effort to se-cure the better observance of Sunday, and one of the methods by which it is pro-posed to accomplish this result is by in-ducing Congress to pass a Sunday law for the District of Columbia.* We grant the right of any body of men to seek by all proper means to influence public opinion in favor of their religious views; but when they attempt to use the law-making power to compel others to act in harmony with their religious views, we enter an emphatic protest. We recognize civil government as of divine origin, but believe in the total separation of church and state, as enunciated by the Author of Christianity in these words: " Render to Caesar the things that are Cxsar's, and to God the things that are God's." We protest against Sunday laws, because such legislation is religious legislation, and the passing of such laws is a long step toward the union of church and state. We protest against Sunday laws, because " there is not a shadow of right in the gen- *Already five Sunday bills have been intro-duced into the present session of Congress; two on Dec. 5, 1907, one " to further protect the first day of the week as a day of rest in the District of Columbia," and another " prohibiting labor on buildings, and so forth, in the District of Columbia on the Sabbath day ; " another, on De-cember 9, " to prevent Sunday banking in post-offices in the handling of money-orders and registered letters " in the mail service of the United States ; and two others for the District of Columbia. on Jan. 13 and 14, 1908. eral government to intermeddle with relig-ion. Its least interference with it would he a most flagrant usurpation."Š Madison. We protest against Sunday laws, be-cause, as expressed in the protest which gave rise to Protestantism, " in matters of conscience the majority has no power." We protest against Sunday laws, because, while frequently urged as temperance and other reform measures, their real and ulti-mate object is the compulsory observance of the day. We protest against Sunday laws, because, although professedly in the interest of the laboring man, they really enslave all labor. The assumption of the right to forbid hon-est labor on one day involves the right to forbid it on any or all days. We protest against Sunday laws, because they are an attempt to enforce religion under the plea for physical rest. The fal-lacy of this plea is exposed by Mr. W. F. Crafts, himself a prominent Sunday-law advocate, who says : " A weekly day of rest has never been permanently secured in any land except on the basis of religious obligation. Take the religion out, and you take the rest out." We protest against Sunday laws, because, as Neander informs us, they were the means through which church and state were united in the fourth century, and instead of pre-serving the Roman empire, they contrib-uted largely to its downfall. We protest against Sunday laws, because they interfere with the religious freedom even of those who regard Sunday as the Lord's day. We protest against Sunday laws, because their whole tendency is to make men hypo-crites instead of Christians. We protest against Sunday laws, because, in the words of James Madison, " a just government, instituted to secure and per-petuate it [public liberty], . . . will be best supported by protecting every citizen in the enjoyment of his religion with the same equal hand which protects his person and his property; by neither invading the equal rights of any sect nor suffering any sect to invade those of another." We protest against Sunday laws, because 