)60 LIBERTY which he incurs by the publishing of these announcements in any form. . . . ART. VI:  That a penalty of impris-onment for from one month to two years ivill be given,Š (a) To whoever commits an outrage against the good customs, by the sale of, or offering for sale, exposing to view, posting up, or distributing in the public way, or in public places, writings, spe-cial extracts from any book, announce-ments, drawings, illustrations, paintings, emblems, or any obscene object or im-ages, which are contrary to good cus-toms. (b) To him that pronounces in pub-lic obscene discourses or songs, or makes announcement contrary to the good cus-toms. At the beginning of the trial, or criminal procedure against offenders, the judge of instruction will lay an embargo upon the writings, drawings, etc., of which this article treats, and will keep them in deposit during the trial. If the offender is found guilty, orders will be given that these writings be destroyed ; otherwise they will be returned to their owners. The announcements which are condemned by the disposition of this law will be torn down by the order of the judge. ART. VII : That the sale of, or offering for sale, the announcement and distribu-tion of books condemned by judicial sen-tence in conformity with the penal law,  will be punished with the penalty given in the previous law.. . . ART. XVIII : That the archbishops and vicar-generals have sufficient power to denounce directly, or to cause by their agents, those who are responsible for the offense of the press against religion, wor-ship, or against religious communities. Given in Bogota, the sixteenth of November, 1911. The President of the Senate, Jose Vincente Concha. The President of the House of Rep-resentatives, L. Segovia. The Secretary of the Senate, Carlos Tamayro. The Secretary of the House of Rep-resentatives, Migual Penaredonda. The Executive Power, Bogota, Nov. 22, 1911. Let it be published and executed. Carlos E. Restrepo. The Minister of the Government, Pedro M. Carreno. This law is in perfect accord with the decrees of the popes. It places the Cath-olic Church above the state, and makes that church an absolute censor over speech and the press in Colombia. If Rome accomplishes her purpose to make Catholicism dominant in the United States as it is in Colombia, freedom of the press, of speech, and of religion will be outlawed here as it is there. C. M. S. 111 Religious Liberty Conferred by Divine Authority THE doctrine that to any man or to any organization of men has been com-mitted the privilege of compelling others to render service to God, is an utter per-version both of the spirit and of the let-ter of the Scriptures, and is simply one form of the manifestation of the de-praved desire to lord it over others. Be-sore the Scriptures can be made to teach anything else than freedom of choice in the matter of religion,Š the privilege of worshiping according to the dictates of one's own conscience or of refusing to worship,Š there must be a revised ver- sion in which certain passages are made to read quite the opposite from what they now teach. For example : to the text, " He that will, let him take the water of life freely," would need to be added, " and he that will not, let him be compelled to take the water of life." And " If any man hear my sayings, and keep them not, I judge him not," would need to read, " I judge him, condemn him, and hand him over to the secular power to be dealt with." " If any man willeth to do his will, he shall know of the teaching," should read, " If any man 