oli'tV/*  a r  . .  '4 'is '*f,,irc  Š Ł , Ł ' ! . if, of . 1-* 1 Ł Ł 1. II!  7  1 ingi011iittrt'' BJ,4104.0., raritt,NAt 24 LIBERTY To attempt such a thing would be to viti-ate both lines of thought. No self-re-specting teacher could long endure the conflict of criticism with which he would certainly be assailed at every step. Either he would have to repudiate the Bible, the basis of his religious teaching, or de-nounce the scientific text-books as untrue and misleading, since it would be impos-sible to accommodate all the statements of the one to the deductions of the other. Religion is a positive persuasion, or it  tions of scientific deductions. Should the state demand that religion be taught in the public schools, the proper thing to do would be to refuse certificates of abil-ity to all but known Christians. This would involve another question. All professed Christians do not regard religious doctrines and requirements alike. Shall each be allowed to teach his own peculiar doctrines? If not, how would this matter be regulated? One way alone would be open to uniformity, UNIVERSITY OF ARKANSAS, FOUNDED 1871, JOH is of no value, since it deals largely with unseen things, which provide for a future existence ; while scientific research deals with things of the present. The potency of religion depends upon the promises of a Creator and Redeemer, and operates upon the inner man ; while many of the deductions of so-called science are but bare theories which carry no elevating power for this life, or hope for the world to come. What Would Be Required of Teachers To teach rightly the value of the Chris-tian life, one must know its worth for himself, as assuredly as the teacher of 'science must know for himself the varia- and that would be for the state to decide by law the tenets of the recognized re-ligion. This Would Be State Religion But would free-born Americans allow a state religion to be taught to their chil-dien in which they themselves had no faith ?Š Hardly. Then why advocate the teaching of religion in the public schools? Why not, rather, oversee that work in the family, and thus rear the children in the faith they themselves en-dorse? Let the church continue its God-entrusted work, and all will be well. Mountain View, Cal. 