LIBERTY 111 erous animal to whom thou owest thy safety? Thy vow is null, because it is unjust."ŠLamartine's Turkey, p. 121. " I believe this law is unjust, discrim-inatory, and religious," I once heard a civil magistrate say as he fined a man for violating a drastic Sunday law, " but I am bound by the oath of my office to uphold the dignity of the law." The cruel Caiaphas, presiding officer of the Sanhedrin, reasoned the same way when the immaculate and inimitable Christ stood before what was called the bar of justice, with Caiaphas on the throne. So did the Jews when they said, " We have a law, and by our law he ought to die." The cruel Nero, as he bathed his sword in the blood of the Christian martyrs, said, " The dignity of the Roman law requires the blood of all who refuse to worship Caesar as well as Christ." When the presidents, princes, gover-nors, and counselors appeared before King Darius to accuse Daniel because he reverenced the law of his God above hu-man laws, they said : " That Daniel, which is of the children of the captivity of Judah, regardeth not thee, 0 king, nor the decree that thou hast signed, but maketh his petition three times a day. . . . Know, 0 king, that the law of the Medes and Persians is, That no decree nor statute which the king establishes may be changed." So to uphold the dignity of the law, they threw Daniel into the lions' den. But how much more dignified would it have been on the part of Darius, and to his eternal glory, to have declared the law null and void because unjust, and have set Daniel free ! How much more honorable it would have been for Pilate to have set Christ free after he declared him to be innocent, than to have enforced against him a misinterpreted Roman law, at the demand of the religious hierarchy " The dignity of the law must be up-held," is a plea which is never more urgently made than when an unjust law is to be maintained at all hazards. This sophistry has led both the church and the state to commit the greatest atrocities in the name of religion and justice, re-corded on the pages of history. In every land, in every clime, the re-ligio-civil statutes have been invoked against honorable, God-fearing men and women, to cause them to be put to death, and in every instance the plea has been the vin.lica:ion of the law. ttt A Lesson from the Past THE controvertists of this age [the fourth century], in their discussions, re-sorted to new sources of proof. The truth of doctrines was proved by the number of martyrs that had believed so, by prodigies, and by the confessions of devils, that is, of persons in whose bodies some demon was supposed to reside. The doctrine that has so disgraced the church in after ages, and stained her gar-ments with the blood of thousands, was approved and practiced upon in this cen-tury; namely, that errors in religion, when maintained and adhered to after proper admonition, ought to be visited with penalties and punishments. This doctrine had its source in the natural cor-ruption of the human heart. When a re-ligious system is adopted and upheld by pride and selfishness, backed with power, the result will be the oppression and per-secution of dissentients. Hence the pa-gans, while in power, persecuted the Christians ; and when it had become an established practice to interfere, in this manner, with liberty of conscience, it ought not to surprise us to find men with the name, but without the spirit, of real Christians, pursuing the same course, and even men of undoubted piety joining with them. There are few, compara-tively, that can see clearly through the mist which the general custom and rul-ing spirit of the age gather round them. The doctrine in question, however, and its corresponding practice, are diamet-rically opposed to the gospel of Christ. " Who art thou that judgest another man's servant? to his own master he standeth or falleth."Š"Sketches of Church History," James Wharey, pp. 62, 63. Philadelphia: Presbyterian Board of Publication, 1914. 