55222  LIBERTY of the commandment which requires all to "remember 'the Sabbath day, to keep it holy." This admission was so startling as to cause some, who had been coached otherwise, almost to hold their breaths in astonishment. Doubtless this was the means of chan-ging a few decisions at the last moment. Some, indeed, in their speeches, openly thanked the assemblyman proponent of the measure for his honest admission, thereby revealing the motive behind the bill. In all probability, if the churchmen who insist on having Sunday laws would but honestly state, as did this astute law-yer on the floor of the Assembly, the true nature of their proposition, none outside of bigoted Sunday-keepers could be led to indorse them for a single moment. It is only by just such double-dealing as was uncovered in this California attempt, that otherwise generous-minded men are led to indorse Sunday-law demands. That this is not judging harshly the leaders in these movements is plainly shown by the wholesale instruction given legislators prior to the vote taken on the Sunday-rest question herein reviewed. On the evening of January 17, Rev. Dr. W. H. G. Temple, of the First Congre-gational church of Sacramento, had a small audience of the lawmakers together, and strongly advocated the necessity of placing on the statutes four specific re-form measures. Among these was a Sunday-rest law. In justification of such a law, he said, as reported the next day in the Sacramento Bee:Ñ "The question has been heatedly de-bated. You must disentangle argument from sophistry. It has been recognized for ages that man must have one clay of rest. We do not stop harmless amuse-ments. We ask for a day of rest. This is a Christian nation founded on prayer. We are not Mohammedans, nor Jews, nor Buddhists. We offer religious free-dom to all, but we have a right to de-mand that the alien in religion shall conform outwardly to our customs. When one branch of the Christian church, so small that it is insignificant,  takes another day for Sunday, we have a right to make that sect conform to our practise." Dr. Temple said more after the same order, but this quotation is enough to show how the advocates of a SUnday-rest law feel toward all who differ from them in their religious sentiments. More than that, it shows how little they regard the religious convictions of others who may happen to be in the minority. While pro-fessing to grant religious freedom to all, the demand is boldly made that " alien " religions must conform to the religion of the majority. This is the exact sentiment of the medieval ages when persecution befell all who dared to have a faith dif-ferent from that of the majority. But to gain the first foothold by which to climb to this authority, Sunday-rest bills are artfully drawn up by shrewd legal-minded men, so as to cover up the religious phase, and thus secure the con-sequent domination of the state by a fed-erated church. It will pay to ponder well the past workings of such measures in this fair country of reputed freedom, be-fore the liberties of the people are fatally jeopardized. Freedom of Conscience Defended Protests Against a Proposed Sunday Law for the District of Columbia A HEARING on the Johnston Sunday bill which had already passed the Senate was held on Monday, February 15, in the room of the House Committee on the District of Columbia in the new office building of the House of Representa-tives. Every seat in the main committee room was occupied, while many stood, filling the doorways and the adjoining space. The time was granted to the opponents of the bill, but through their courtesy, several speakers who favored the meas-ure were accorded the privilege of speaking. The bill is a substitute of the one originally introduced by Mr. Johnston, and reads as follows : Ñ 