LIBERTY  29 Christian Temperance MATILDA ERICKSON MANY of the blessings of civilization are dissolved in the writhing sea of intem-perance. The sequel to intemperance is misery. Look at China under the opium curse ! Hear the cries from the liquor-stricken inmates of Africa! With the mis-sionary sails the rum seller. With the tidings of peace to the poor heathen comes the weapon for present and eternal destruc-tion. " We beg of you to send us more gospel and less rum," pleads the Kongo na-tive. " Mary," said a poor drunkard look-ing into the pale face of his wife, " you should have married a better man." " I did, John," she replied softly. Intemperance is bequeathing great leg-acies to the world. Burns, Poe, Alexander the great, were victims of the terrible curse. Other renowned men have failed to resist the temptation. Some boast of being tem-perate in their intemperance ; but alas, " the man who drinks and staggars is less dan-gerous as an example than the man who drinks and stands." It is he who seduces young men. Who are safe? In the homes of many youth the picket-line of the army of Intem-perance is permitted to encamp on well-spread tables. The warning of Hab. 2 : 15 may well be engraved upon medicine-chests and on cook-books; for the good in-tentions of physicians and mothers often pave the path of the youth to that irresist-able current of evil. With gratitude to the noble young men and women who have given their efforts to save others from this curse, we may well, as Christian young people, enlist in the worthy mission. Under the Christian's microscope, the great ray of Temperance is broken up into its spectrum. Its lines comprise the physical, the mental, and the spiritual nature. This is Christian tem-perance. It enters into every phase of life. It tends to incarnate purity in every cell. Its purpose is to " keep the body under," to subdue the carnal passions, to conquer the depraved appetite, to depress the unChrist-like word, and to vanquish the impure thought. Looking back over the world's history, the Daniels are unanswerable arguments in favor of Christian temperance. They lived amid scenes of revelry. Our youth  to-day are surrounded by society whose very key-note is intemperance and self-gratification. " Young friends," says Vin-cent, " let society go its low ways of sel-fish pleasure. It is unworthy of your desire or search. Resent its dictating in the spirit of noble manhood and woman-hood." To-day our youth have the message of John the Baptist to give to the world, and lives as pure as his are needed in this work. " Only a clear brain can think God's thoughts after him. Only a heart unhurried by artificial stimulants can be loyal to its love toward Christ and humanity." God 'uses large vessels or small vessels, but he does not use unclean vessels. Paul writes, " Present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service." The days of youth never return. Once passed, they become the foundation of life. " Sinful indulgences defile the body and unfit men for spiritual worship." No youth can afford a lower standard than Christian temperance. He can find no higher. The secret of success in Christian temperance is entering into the presence of Christ through the path of self-surrender, and ever abiding there, while serving the needs of men. The Hate. Bar A BAR to heaven, a door to hell,ÑWhoever named it, named it well. A bar to manliness and wealth, A door to want and broken health; A bar to honor, pride, and fame, A door to sin, and grief, and shame ; A bar o hope, a bar to prayer, A doo to darkness and despair; A bar to honored, useful life, A door to brawling, senseless strife ; A bar to all that's true and brave, A door to every drunkard's grave; A bar to joys that home imparts, A door to tears and aching hearts; A bar to heaven, a door to hell,ÑWhoever named it, named it well. Ñ Hintze and Health. 