4 LIBERTY A Clear Voice Needed -CONCERNING the law of the Sabbath," says the Homiletic Review for June, 1909, " a clear voice, a sure touch, a sane utterance, are the immediate need, not pious hysteria, demanding legislative en-actment for the regulation of Sabbath observance. Here, as elsewhere, the in-culcation of one sound principle is more effective than the formulation of a mul-titude of petty rules, or the enforcement of vexatious prohibitions." As true words as ever spoken ; and be it remem-bered that the voice which spoke the Sabbath command was the clearest voice that ever spoke on earth Š the voice of Jehovah himself. " And he added no more " to the " ten words " uttered at that time. Every attempt of men to create a Sabbath by legislation is an at-tempt to do what Jehovah would not do Š to " add more " to the Sinaitic code ; and the " more " which by such legisla-tion is " added " contradicts the Sabbath command of the decalogue. Because that which contradicts God is antichristian, such legislation is not only un-Christian but anti-Christian. Harking Far Back DR. WALLACE RADCLIFFE, represent-ing the ministerial committee of the Dis-trict of Columbia, urged the passage of the Johnston Sunday bill during the hearing before the House Committee on the District of Columbia, because so many were congregating in the moving-picture parlors on Sunday. This sugges-tion has a remarkably strong flavor of ancient times. In the year 401 A. D., a convention of church dignitaries held in Carthage passed a resolution to petition the Roman emperor " that the public shows might be transferred from the Christian Sunday, and from feast-days, to some other days of the week."Š Ne-ander, "Church History," Vol. II, page 300. The reason they gave for their  petition was this : " The people congre-gate more to the circus than to the church."Š Ib., note 5. Instead of going out into the highways and byways and finding men and women, and giving them the gospel, their policy was to have the civil power, by a kind of " police regula-tion," close every door but that of the church, corral the multitude into the sanctuary where the gospel could be forced upon them without regard to their wishes. The same kind of legislation was provided in colonial days, and by " police regulation " not only were all doors but the church doors closed, but the church doors were opened and the people driven in by force of fine, impris-onment, and the braided whip. All leg-islation designed to exalt Sunday is of the same character, no matter how inno-cent the first step in that direction is made to appear or is, by pious men, de-clared to be. It is easier to keep the flood-gate closed than to shut it and re-pair the damage when the inundation has actually begun. Where Is the Blame? TREMENDOUS efforts are now being put forth by the churches of Australia, from Anglican to Salvation Army, to get rid of " the continental Sunday." What is stirring up the church leaders is the fact that numerous places of amusement are crowded just when services are going on in the churches, and cricket matches are played Sunday morning and afternoon. It is just as it was at the time when Sun-clay began first to be recognized as an institution of the church, that is, in the third and fourth centuries. It was found then that " the people congregate more to the circus " than to the churches. It was thought necessary then, just as it is now by many, to enact laws protecting the day and compelling church attendance. But it is not the " continental Sunday " that is to blame. The trouble rests right here : 