214 LIBERT Y on Sunday, then upon some other day, and incidentally to require church mem-bership on the part of all who for any reason wish to avail themselves of the privilege of working on the first day of the week? The fact is, that whatever the profes-sion of their promoters, the real purpose and intent of Sunday laws is to protect, not the people, but the day. It is the religious institution that is to be safe-guarded, not the rights of the people. And this is generally understood, how-, ever much men may,  seek to obscure the fact. Ł We would be glad to see every man have a weekly day of rest. We wish that  every man might observe that day reli-giously, but we are not in favor of com-pulsory rest or of compulsory religion. It is all well enough to provide that trainmen, operators, switchmen, etc., shall not work more than a certain num-ber of hours without an adequate period of rest, for by so doing lives may be placed in jeopardy; but that is a very different thing from requiring men to rest upon a specific day that that definite clay may be honored. This latter is ex-actly what we have in Sunday laws, not the protection of the man, but the exalta-tion of the day, and that quite too often at the expense of the liberties of the man. C. P. B. National Reformers Seeking to Plow with the Chief Magistrate of the Nation AT one time in Samson's experience his enemies gained an advantage over him by unduly influencing his wife. When Samson learned that he had been be-trayed, he said, " If ye had not plowed with my heifer, ye had not found out my riddle." Judges 14: 18. A modern parallel to this is suggested by the following from the last outside cover page of the Christian Statesman for June: Š " Conference with President Wilson " Dr. Henry Collin Minton, president of the National Reform Association; Dr. Findley M. Wilson and Dr. James M. S. Isenberg, chair-man and secretary, respectively, of the asso-ciation's Philadelphia committee ; and Messrs. Joseph M. Steele and Samuel R. Boggs, vice presidents of the National Reform Associa-tion, went by appointment of the committee to interview Pres. Woodrow Wilson, May 29, 1916, and request his influence in promoting the work of the association in the interest of the Christian amendment. " They were most cordially received by the President, who expressed himself as thor-oughly cognizant of the aims and work of the National Reform Association. He feels that the Christian principles of civil govern-ment have taken a vital place in molding the best in our national life, and that they must  be given an ever larger place in the days to come. " He believes that the fathers were heartily in favor of Christian usages and institutions in civil life, and made no recognition of God in the Constitution because, perhaps, they were not theologians enough to know how to put it in without what seemed to them the danger of union of church and state. " Willing to help the association in its work, in any proper way, he said he would gladly take a place on our program in some future conference, and give utterance to his hearty indorsement of these principles, for what-ever value such an utterance may have in promoting the cause." If this is not an effort to make undue use of the influence of the official posi-tion of the President, then we do not know what could be such an effort. The President as an individual has a perfect right to have and practice whatever form of religion appeals to him, but we submit that he has no moral right to use hi., great influence as President to subvert a fundamental principle of our American Constitution. Nor do we believe that President Wil-son will do this. He is too wise a man not to know that in what the National Reformers demand is hound up a union 