LIBERTY  69 stitution, they find that the subject of this memorial was most fully and care-fully considered, and then, in that con-vention, decided, after grave deliberation, to which the subject was entitled, that, as this country, the foundation of whose government they were then laying, was to be the home of the oppressed of all nations of the earth, whether Christian or pagan, and in full realization of the dangers which the union between church and state had imposed upon so many na-tions in the Old World, with great una-nimity that it was inexpedient to put anything into the Constitution, or frame of government, which might be construed to be a reference to any religious creed or doctrine. " And they further find that this deci-sion was accepted by our Christian fa- thers with such great unanimity that in the amendments which were afterward proposed, in order to make the Constitu-tion more acceptable to the nation, none  has ever been proposed to the States by which this wise determination of the fa-thers has been attempted to be changed." Ñ" American State Papers," page 346. We are therefore justified in asserting that when the religious forces of this country press our lawmakers for Sunday laws and such other legislation which may be related to purely religious affairs, and when the lawmakers yield to that pressure, there is to that extent a devia-tion from the priceless principles laid down by a patriotic ancestry, and that de-viation will guide the ship of state into forbidden channels, the end of which will be ruin. And we repeat, The meas-ure of patriotism today will be in propor-tion to the devotion which we loyally give to the principles for which the forefa-thers so nobly stood. Such patriotism will make for the prosperity of the church and the peace and happiness of the state. Washington, D. C. Illinois Supreme Court Decision on the Uncon-stitutionality of Sunday Laws THE EDITOR 1r is refreshing to see the spirit of true Americanism assert itself occasion-ally in our higher courts when the tend-ency is so strong toward the church-and-state unionism of medieval times. During the past thirty years, more than fourscore Sunday bills were introduced in the United States Congress. There are at present three Sunday bills before Congress waiting action, whose purpose is to compel the citizens of the District of Columbia to abstain from secular pur-suits and to observe Sunday religiously, whether or not they have observed an-other day as the Sabbath. One of these Sunday bills makes it a crime for a barber " to 'shave, cut hair, shampoo, or the like on Sunday," and if he does, he is liable to a fine of twenty dollars or to sixty days' imprisonment.  A similar law was passed by the State legislature of Illinois, and was declared unconstitutional by the supreme court of that State. It will be of unusual interest to read the records of the court proceeding in the test case which was carried up from the justice of the peace to the criminal court and finally to the supreme court, where the decisions of the lower courts were reversed, and the Sunday law was declared unconstitutional. We shall copy the records of the court quite fully, together with the arguments of the at-torneys and the presiding judges : Ñ " William S. Eden vs. the People of the State of Illinois. " Filed at Springfield, May 12, 1896. " I. Sunday.Ñ Common law rule as to observance of. The common law 