LIBERTY 19 pers of Philadelphia handled this entire ques-tion. Great space was given to the side favoring a liberal Sunday, and a limited space to those favoring a proper observance of the Lord's day." Such conduct and such arguments as are set forth above sound almost puerile. They are saturated with jealousy, intol-erance, and bigotry that is unbecoming the gospel ministry of this day and gen-eration. By what logic can " the reli-gious institutions " of the church be shown to be " the civil institutions " of the state ? Under such a nomenclature and mix-up of religion and politics the state would be justified in enforcing all religious institutions as civil institu-tions. There is a clear line of demarca-tion between religious institutions and civil institutions, and a failure to recog-nize this distinction has been the pri-mary cause of all religious persecutions  the record of which has stained the pages of history. But there is at least one redeeming feature about this religious controversy, and that is, that there is a growing mi-nority among the clergymen who have a clear vision as to ministerial propri-eties. There can never be peace and good will between clergymen and civil magistrates and between the church and the state, until each attends to its own business in its own proper domain. Com-pulsory religious legislation ought to be entirely eliminated from civil statute books and court decisions. The Ameri-can Republic is suffering today from the encumbrances of old-time religious legis-lation under the colonial regime of a union of church and state. We hope we are progressing toward liberty rather than bondage. c. S. L. Is the World Getting Better? SUNDAY, September 28, the mayor of Omaha was set upon by a mob, and besides receiving injuries which rendered him unconscious for hours, narrowly escaped fatal hanging, being cut down and rescued by several policemen who arrived upon the scene not a moment too soon. The mayor's offense, so far as reports indicate, and the only one, was in at-tempting to make a speech to a mob bent upon lynching an untried and le-gally uncondemned man. The mayor pleaded that the law be permitted to take its course, and refused to join the mob in its demand upon the sheriff for his release. At this juncture some one shouted, " Hang him! " (the mayor), and in a few moments the thing was nearly done. We mention these occurrences only as showing the inflamed state of feeling that prevails in the world today. Hu-man life is about the only thing that is really cheap, so it is taken upon the  slightest provocation. This outbreak in Omaha is suggestive of the conditions that prevailed in the world just before the flood in the days of Noah, when " the earth was filled with violence ; " and in Sodom on the eve of its destruc-tion, when Lot was set upon at his own door and escaped only by the interven-tion of two angels. Like the mayor of Omaha, Lot's only offense was in making a plea in defense of the peace of the city. Our Saviour cited these two eras and the moral conditions that prevailed in them as types of the last days, in these words : " As it was in the days of Noe, so shall it be also in the days of the Son of man. They did eat, they drank, they married wives, they were given in marriage, until the day that Noe entered into the ark, and the flood came, and destroyed them all. Likewise also as it was in the days of Lot; they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded; but the same day that Lot went out of Sodom it rained fire and brimstone from heaven, and destroyed them all. Even thus shall it be in 