LIBERTY 105 a living, not only to seek the things which it was more difficult to obtain where we were born, but to help forward the great enter-prises of the human spirit." There is but one longing and utterance of the human heart, and that is for liberty and justice. All Other Lands Left Behind And while you bring all countries with you, you come with a purpose of leaving all other countries behind you Š bringing what is best of their spirit, but not looking over your shoulders and seeking to perpetuate what you intended to leave in them. I certainly would not be one even to suggest that a man cease to love the home of his birth and the nation of his origin,Š these things are My urgent advice to you would be not only always to think first of America, but always also to think first of humanity. You do not love humanity if you seek to divide humanity into jealous camps. Humanity can be welded together only by love, by sympathy, by justice, not by jealousy and hatred. I am sorry for the man who seeks to make personal capital out of the passions of his fel-low men. He has lost the touch and ideal of America, for America was created to unite mankind by those passions which lift, and not by those which separate and debase. Hoped for Better Life Hereafter We came to America, either ourselves or in the persons of our ancestors, to better the THE ILL-FATED " LUSITAN very sacred, and ought not to be put out of our hearts,Š but it is one thing to love the place where you were born, and it is another to dedicate yourself to the place to which you go. You cannot dedicate yourselves to America unless you become in every respect and with every purpose of your wills thorough Amer-icans. You cannot become thorough Amer-icabs if you think of yourselves in groups. America does not consist of groups. Think First of Humanity A man who thinks of himself as belonging to a particular group in America has .not yet become an American, and the man who goes among you to trade upon your nationality is no worthy son to live under the Stars and Stripes.  ideals of men, to make them see finer things than they had seen before, to get rid of things that divide, and to make sure of the things that unite. It was but a historical accident, no doubt, that this great country was called " the United States," and yet I am very thankful that it has the word united in its title; and the man who seeks to divide man from man, group from group, interest from interest, in the United States, is striking at its very heart. The Vision of the Immigrant It is a very interesting circumstance to me in thinking of those of you who have just sworn allegiance to this great government, that you were drawn across the ocean by some beck-oning finger of hope, by some belief, by some vision of a new kind of justice, by some expec tation of a better kind of life. 