LIBERTY 123 is very important was made by the offi-cers of the Christian Endeavor Union of this city. They scout the statements that have been made to the effect that the Sunday closing laws are not with reli-gious intent, but for the general good of the community. IVashington May 23, 1914. Petitions are being circulated among the churches and young people's societies of the District, appealing to Congress to pass a law forbidding all games that " desecrate " the Christian sabbath. Some of the ministers have advocated the boycott if their wishes are not re-spected. I am ready to admit that respect for religion is rapidly waning, and that base-ball playing is a desecration of God's holy day. But for the reason that Sab-bath keeping is entirely a matter of di-vine requirement, civil law should never be called upon to enforce it. The United States Supreme Court (113 U. S., 703) has already stated that " laws setting aside Sunday 'as a day of rest " cannot be upheld " from any right of the government to legislate for the promo-tion of religious observances." In view of this decision of our highest court, the allegations of the clergymen are a suffi-cient rebuttal of their position. Another decision, which we believe overthrows the legal position of those who would condemn amusements on the first day of the week, is found in Federal Reports No. 21, page 299. The judge affirms that a day of rest protected by law is to afford an " opportunity for in-nocent and healthful amusement and rec-reation." Were the views of the clergy to be followed, no chance for such pleas-ures would be given. Mr. Joseph Lee, president of the Play-ground Association of America, says:Š " I believe our Sunday laws forbidding play and sport are in the main an evil. I believe they do much harm and pre-vent a great deal of good. . . . " By forbidding play also, we have done our best to make the day, for the young people at least, a day of idleness; and the distinction between enjoining  idleness and promoting evil is one hardly worth insisting on."Š" Sunday Play," page 1. The church is surely in a precarious condition when it must call on civil law to help it to get its members to attend religious services on Sunday. When the church cannot maintain its membership, it is time to begin an invoice of its stock and find out what the real difficulty is. In discussing the question of Sunday baseball, Hon. Joseph W. Folk takes a just and Christian position: Š " The law cannot know either Baptist or Methodist, Catholic, Protestant, or Jew. It cannot fix fast days or feast days. Separation of church and state must' ever be one of the cardinal tenets of free government. . . . " We have a right to persuade others to our own way of thinking if we can, but not to make them criminals by law on matters about which the consciences of men may differ. . . . Baseball, how-ever, is clearly unobjectionable on week days. We may for conscientious reasons not attend such games on Sunday ; but, because on religious grounds we do not, is it proper for us to enact a law prevent-ing others from doing. so? "Š Saturday Evening Post, Feb. 12,-191o. No doubt Congress will soon be called upon to settle, for the time at least, the question of whether the demands of the churches alone shall be followed, or whether the rights of all, of unbelievers as well as of believers, shall be respected. If every inhibition of Sunday sports were wiped off the statute books, no one would be kept from church if he wished to attend. The rights of no one would be infringed upon. There ought to, be no serious difficulty encountered in settling this question, if simple justice and equity are followed. The churches of today are fast becoming dictatorial and intolerant toward those outside their communion, and those thus imposed upon are strongly resenting this religious bigotry. So there will be more or less trouble until the churches feel the need of divine rather than human power to uphold their teachings. 