8 LIBERTY realm for both state and national legislators without seeking to de-fine man's relation to God or dic-tating how man shall perform his religious obligations to the Almighty. Sabbath-keeping is a religious duty, and as such can be rendered to God only. The state has no more business with it than it has with conversion, baptism, or the Lord's supper. C. M. S. The Primary Purpose of the Sabbath THEY who claim that the pri-mary purpose of the Almighty in establishing the Sabbatic institu-tion is that man may have an op-portunity " to recover himself from the effect of his toil of the six days preceding the Sabbath. have spoken without consulting the expressed purpose of the Al- EDWARD VII, KING OF BRITAIN AND EMPEROR OF INDIA carrying on their business a portion of the day? If the keeping of a humanly made sabbath is a good thing, why is not Congress content to let men Š even gro-cers Š decide for themselves whether they will have that good thing or not? Why should men be fined fifty dollars because they do not care for what some others consider a good thing? Salvation is a good thing. There is more involved in it than there is in keeping Sunday. Should we importune Congress also to enact a law compelling men to accept sal-vation under penalty of a fifty-dollar fine or three months in jail? The consistency or inconsistency is exactly the same in both cases, and if one can be called a " police regulation," so can the other, and upon the same grounds. There is plenty of business in this  mighty Š as expressed by him- self. " Moreover also I gave them my Sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them, that they might know that I am Jehovah that sanctifieth them.. . . Hallow my Sabbaths ; and they shall be a sign between me and you, that ye may know that I am Jehovah your God." Eze. zo : 12, 20. When Israel forsook the Sabbath of Jehovah, the peo-ple forgot God and served the idols of the heathen. " They rejected mine or-dinances, and walked not in my statutes, and profaned my Sabbaths : for their heart went after their idols." Eze. 20: 16. God gave men theŁ night for rest; he gave them the Sabbath as a sa-cred, set time for worship and com-munion with him. When the night is used for the pur-pose for which God gave it, and when the Sabbath is used for the pur-pose for which God intended that, the 