American Jurists Prove Sunday Laws to Be Religious and Unconstitutional C. S. LONGACRE SOME people insist that Sunday laws are civil, but we herewith furnish the judicial and historic proof from incon-trovertible sources that they are religious laws, and therefore void and inoperative in America, where the church and the state are separated. The fact that there are many conflict-ing decisions upon this question by ju-rists of equal rank and intelligence shows clearly that judges find themselves be-tween the upper millstone of popular prejudice and the nether millstone of constitutional law; but too often the opinions and the reasons given in their supposed justification show that the courts are influenced more than they ought to be by popular religious opinion. The following opinion in a case before the supreme court of North Carolina, strikes at the root of this question, and expresses the view that the LIBERTY MAGAZINE has consistently maintained from its first number. It is gratifying to learn that we have such eminent jurists on our side:Š In the case of Melvin vs. Easley 52, North Carolina Reports, page 382, the question was whether the sale of horses on Sunday was valid in North Carolina, and the court ruled that the Sunday law based on the English law of 29 Charles II was a religious law, void and inopera-tive in North Carolina, where there was not a union of church and state, and that consequently horse selling or merchan-dising in private was not prohibited. The North Carolina Sunday statute under which the case was decided, reads as follows : Š The Revised Statutes, chap. 118, sec. 1 : " That all and every person and persons what-soever shall, on the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday, carefully apply themselves to the duties of religion and piety, and that no tradesman, artificer, planter, laborer, or other person whatsoever, shall upon the land or  water, do, or exercise any labor, business or work, of .their ordinary calling (works of necessity and charity only excepted) on the Lord's Day aforesaid, or any part thereof, on pain that every person so offending, being of the age of fourteen years and upwards, shall forfeit and pay the sum of one dollar." This statute is taken from 29 Charles II, chap. 2, sec. r, which was enacted in this colony in 1741, and reenacted after the adoption of the constitution. Judge Pearson, one of the presiding judges of the supreme court, said, con-cerning the relation of the Sunday law of North Carolina to the sale of horses on Sunday:Š MySunday:  opinion is that the statute is void and inoperative in respect to cases of this kind, and that its operation is confined to manual or noisy labor, such as is calculated to dis-turb other people; for example, working at a blacksmith's anvil, or crying an auction in a town. The legislature has power to prohibit labor of this kind on Sunday, on the ground of public decency, and to prevent public de-votion from being disturbed; in the same way as the exhibition of animals, or the sale of spirituous liquors within a certain distance of a religious assembly, is prohibited. But when it goes farther, and on the ground of forcing all persons to observe the Lord's Day, and carefully apply themselves to the duties of re-ligion and piety on that day, prohibits labor which is done in private, and which does not offend public decency or disturb the religious devotions of others, the power is exceeded, and the statute is void for the excess, by force of the Declaration of Rights, sec. 19: "All men have a natural and inalienable right to worship Almighty God according to the dic-tates of their own consciences." Ours is a Christian country; but Christianity is not es-tablished by law, and the genius of our free in-stitutions requires that " church" and " state " should be kept separate. In England, religion is established by law. The head of the church is the head of the state, and the statute 29 Charles II, has full force and effect. Here, is a different condition of things, and only such part of the statute as is necessary to en-force public decency is of force and effect. The English courts have held that " the spirit of the Act of 29 Charles II, is to advance the interest of religion Š to turn a man's thoughts 