108 LIBERTY have the widest latitude of thought, speech, and action, if religious liberty is to be preserved among men. Nor does this mean that no restraint whatever can be exercised over human utterances. There are certain amenities due from man to man, the too flagrant violations of which may be punished as breaches of the peace. Violent, abusive. or profane language in a public place, especially if directed against an individ-ual, may be properly held to be a breach of the peace, and may be punished as such ; not as an offense against God, but as an offense against society ; not as im-moral, though it certainly is so, but as  uncivil. And this need not and should not be made a mere pretext, an excuse for punishing offenses against religion. or against the divine Being. It must not be in this country that statutes enacted for the purpose of conserving civilities. of safeguarding the amenities of every-day life, of preserving the peace of so-ciety, shall be construed as giving to our civil courts jurisdiction over the con-sciences and souls of men. Far better the few abuses that arise from unre-strained freedom than that liberty be re-stricted in the vain attempt to make men moral by civil law. Civil laws should punish incivility. not immorality. C. P. B.  When Peru Went Free UNDER the above headline William 0. Stuntz, superintendent of the Peru Dis- trict of the Methodist Episcopal Church, tells in the Christian Advocate of Jan. 6, 1916, of the struggle for religious tolera-tion in this South American republic. He states that until the toleration act was passed in November, 1915, the statute books of Peru carried provisions making it possible to banish from the country for three years any one who held serv-ices of any other religious denomination save the Roman Catholic, the constitu-tion prohibiting any public worship or ecclesiastical functions except those of the state church. Two years ago, when the bill providing for religious toleration was first intro-duced into the Peruvian Congress, there were only four dissenting votes, three of them from Catholic priests. When the bill came up for the second reading, the Catholic Church put forth a strenuous effort to defeat the measure. After two years of hard work in opposition to this measure, the state church was able to muster only twelve opposing votes in the house against the bill. Dr. Stuntz declares that " it was a red-letter day in Lima when the law was offi-cially announced by congress." An hour before the joint session of the senate with  the deputies, the balconies of the cham-ber were crowded with women, priests, and boys from the convent schools. Of the scene and happenings attending the enactment and promulgation of the new law this writer says : Š " When the leader of the reform movement, Senor Quimper, entered, he was greeted by the Roman Catholic women with shouts of Renegade! ' . . Death to Quimper ' Death to the heretics! " Death to religious liberty!' 'Traitors!' ! " Down with Pilate!' He's bought by the Protestants! "Away with him ! " Away with him ! ' "A few university students had slipped into the center of the crowd of Roman Catholic women, and so occasionally one heard among the shrill voices of the women the husky shouts of these men in behalf of religious freedom.  The president of the deputies had hunted up an excuse to stay at home that day, so the duty of presiding fell on the vice president of the deputies, Dr. Pefia Murietta. His arrival called forth a storm of protests, and amid the noise of firecrackers he was showered with crowns of alfalfa. When the senators arrived in a body, they were greeted with Traitors! ' Death to the representatives !" Death to the reformers!' Death to liberty!' and when the meeting was finally called to order, the tumult in the galleries was such that the presiding officer had to order that one of the balconies should be emptied. " In the meantime the priest, Sancho Diaz. the leader of the Roman Catholic forces, and a half dozen others were drinking tea and beer 