16 LIBERTY It is too early to predict in any par-ticular way what the result will be of this departure from fundamental prin-ciples, but it certainly bodes no good. No people can lightly reject that which has contributed in so marked a wajr to the making of their nation ; and almost in-voluntarily there come into the mind the words of Jesus of Nazareth, " If there-fore the light that is in thee be darkness, how great is that darkness ! " The near future will illustrate the application of this principle in the history of the United States. W. W. PRESCOTT. Loath to Reform IN nothing, it seems, are men more loath to believe that changes can be made, or reforms instituted, than in mat-ters of religion and religious legislation. From the " Baptist Encyclopedia," by William Cathcart, D. D. (page 1133), we take the following: Š John Adams actually argued that it was against the consciences of the people of his State to make any change in their laws about religion, even though others might have to suffer in their estate or in their personal freedom to satisfy Mr. Adams and his conscientious friends. And he declared that they might as well think they could change the movements of the heavenly bodies as alter the re-ligious laws of Massachusetts.Š" Life and works of John Adams," by Charles Francis Adams, Vol. II, page 399. And yet the whole religious establish-ment of Massachusetts was done away with in 1833, only a few years after the death of Mr. Adams. But this is the logic with which we are not infrequently met to-day by those who, like Mr. Adams, still stand for re-ligious laws that are in harmony with their consciences. They tell us it is bet-ter that these laws should stand, even though some may have to suffer under them, and that to repeal them, or make any material change in the program, is quite out of the question. In nothing is this bigotry more mani-fest perhaps than in the matter of up-holding Sunday laws. Thus Dr. David McAllister, a prominent Sunday-law ad-vocate, says : Š It is better that a few should suffer, than that the whole nation should lose its Sabbath. This argument is identical with that by which the Pharisees in Christ's day jus-tified themselves in killing him. Caia-phas, the high priest, said : Š It is expedient for us, that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation perish not." John 11 : 5o. Instead of agreeing to the repeal of Sunday laws, and allowing the people freedom in choosing their own day of rest, Dr. W. F. Crafts, another promi-nent Sunday-law advocate, says : Š Infinitely less harm is done by the usual policy, the only constitutional or sensible one, to let the insignificantly small minority of less than one in a hun-dred, whose religious convictions require them to rest on Saturday (unless their work is of a private character, such as the law allows them to do on Sunday). suffer the loss of one day's wages rather than have the other ninety-nine suffer by the wrecking of their Sabbath by public business. The worst persecutor of the Dark Ages could reason as logically, and pro-duce as good argument in justification of the laws and edicts under which he car-ried on his work. They all pronounced any change in these laws impossible. The heavens would fall first. w. A. C. THE American States, for the first time in the history of governments, have made it a part of their fundamen-tal law that the civil power shall neither establish nor maintain any form of re-ligion, and that religious belief shall not be subject to the coercive power of the state. This is a contribution by America to the science of government. ŠEx-Chief Judge Andrews. 