L11 ' Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Leviticus 25.  TO. 1111  VOL. XIII FIRST QUARTER, 1918 NO. 1 After the War What? By C. S. Longacre THE greatest war that has ever been witnessed by the inhabitants of this world is now desolating the earth. The human race has already paid an un-precedented sum in treasure and blood, and the end is not yet in sight. Every great war has its " aftermath," which sometimes proves more perplexing to the reconstructionists than did the war itself to the victorious generals. After the ces-sation of hostilities in this war, what can we reasonably expect will follow? Will it be peace or trouble ? Many are proph-esying that this will be the last war our world will ever see. Statesmen tell us that " lasting and permanent peace " will be established among all nations as the result of this international cataclysm. They say that the world will then be ready to welcome the dove of peace and give it an everlasting habitation. The establishment of the everlasting reign of peace and righteousness has been the hope of God's people ever since the sorrowing parents of the race first mourned their dead Š the victim of his brother's hate ; it has been the dream of every philanthropist and philosopher who has endeavored to solve the perplexing problems of human life; but thus far the Christian's cherished hope has been de-ferred with prolonged sorrow, and the philanthropist's and philosopher's dreams have remained unfulfilled, to their dire  disappointment, while the human race has plunged deeper and deeper into the horrors and sorrows of war. Prophets, theologians, and moral re-formers have assured us time and again that the millennium of peace on earth had begun or was about to dawn. They were never more certain and enthusiastic over their predictions than just before the beginning of the present war. Never before were men's ideals so suddenly, so rudely, and so completely shattered. What of the Future? The aims and purposes of the warring nations to secure a " future permanent peace " are certainly most laudable. If the statesmen who shall arrange the terms of peace can eliminate future wars from the world, they will receive the plaudits of a grateful people in every na-tion ; for the desires and efforts of men to obtain universal and lasting peace at the conclusion of this war deserve the praise of all men. We wish it were pos-sible to form a league of nations or an international court of arbitration strong enough and wise enough and unselfish enough to effect and permanently to maintain peace and good will among the nations of earth. We wish that earthly courts could solve all the problems of human experience by political means, by the mere passing of resolutions and the 3 