Copyright Harris & Ewing HON. RICHARD BARTHOLDT 160  LIBERTY of this kind. The history of the human race is a constant struggle for liberty, and every concession wrung from its op-pressors was heralded as a new triumph of progress and civilization. Here we have the example of a generation which, though born free, voluntarily surrenders its social liberty and forges with its own hand the fetters of slavery. Now, can you account for that? Is it because we do not sufficiently appreciate our her-itage on the the-ory that what you inherit and what comes to you eas-ily you do not value as highly as what you have to fight for your-selves ? Or is it because the people do not fully realize just what they are doing by joining forces with those who are conspiring against their high-est interests? I leave these ques-tions for you to answer. Perhaps we are guilty on both counts. Certain it is that no nation will ever be able to preserve its liberty which fails fully to comprehend its spirit and its meaning. And what are we doing to make the young generation to under-stand it ? -- Not one thing. There is no instruction in the public schools either on the science of government or on the fun-damentals of our rights and privileges as citizens of a republic. In a monarchy such education may be unnecessary, be-cause there the people simply obey the mandates of the government; but in a republic all citizens should be fully en-lightened on such questions, for the sim-ple reason that they are the government themselves. In the absence of such en-lightenment and under circumstances which leave many people ignorant of, and consequently indifferent to, their rights and liberties, it is not at all sur-prising that shrewd schemers and con-spirators should find it easy to rob them of their political heritage. This may be one explanation of the deplorable fact that this robbery is actually and con-stantly occurring in all parts of the coun-try, under the very eyes of the people, and largely even with their consent and cooperation. Now, I have an abiding faith in the good, sound sense of the Amer-ican people, and am confident that once they see through t h e bargain by which they a r e selling their birth-right for a mess of pottage, they will quickly drive the Pharisees from the temple. Therefore let us understand what is really at stake.  What i s personal  liberty ? Ñ Freedom of ac-tion, the right to do that which is not morally wrong and does not interfere with an equal right of our fellow man. Well and good ! Ac-cording to that, if we steal our neigh-bor's property or disturb his peace, we are doing what is morally wrong and interferes with the neighbor's rights, and should, therefore, be prohibited by law. . . . Here we have the clear line of demar-cation where prohibitive law should stop. The objection to sumptuary laws is that they do not stop there, but undertake to prohibit and punish acts which are right in themselves and in perfect harmony with the peace, morals, and good order of society. Gladstone defines liberty as " the power of doing whatever the laws 