LIBERTY 43 faith that reconciles intellect and heart, tradition and evolution, knowledge and religion ; not I the one to melt together dogma, right, and religion in a way to deny the consolation of faith to one who could not yield a blind submission to the changeable doctrines and will of men ; not I the one to create the ignorance that, abandoning itself to superstition, brutally pushes back knowledge ; not I the one to be wanting in respect for the creeds of others, the inalienable rights of the indi-vidual conscience, nor even to be wanting in the respect due to the pontiff, that man called to the highest office (of his church), who, within the limitations set by the capacity of his mind, sacrifices himself for love of the good, according to the dictates of his conscience. As the high pontiff from the papal chair of St. Peter's considers it a duty to speak the truth as it appears to him, to his followers, so the very little mayor of Rome, standing before the breach of Porta Pia, the spot that to his mind marks the beginning of a new political and civil era, has an equal duty to all  civil society. He offends the ears of him who declares that " the rights of the pon-tifical sovereignty were trampled upon." But it is not the man, nor his words, it is the historical fact which offends, op-presses, preoccupies, exasperates ; the deed which happened in the past ; the deed which projects itself ominously into the future, with step more firm in the meas-ure that the dawning day of the new Italy illumines the path for the anxious, trem-bling travelers; the deed which guides the people, is written in the teachings of the law by the hand of progress that governs the universe ; the deed which is higher than pontiff or mayor. Everything moves, evolves, enlarges, and men turn their eyes upward in search of faith, illuminated by knowledge. If I have broken the law, I am willing to answer before the tribunal of the law ; if I have transgressed the duties of my office, judgment awaits me at the hands of the citizenship of Rome; if I have of-fended religion, my conscience, undis-mayed, without an intermediary, shall answer before God. A Dash for Liberty in Argentina C. E. KNIGHT IT is inspiring to observe that in this land of priests and church holy days some minds are exercised over the question of liberty of conscience and equal rights for all, and that this feeling is strong enough within them to cause energetic action against the evils accompanying state-prescribed religion. It is true that this country has not known any other condi-tion, but that does not convince some sound minds that it must always con-tinue so. I can not do better than to quote from a lengthy article upon the " Union of Church and State," which appeared in the May number of a magazine published in Buenos Aires, entitled Revista de De-recho Historia :kr Letras (Review of Right History and Letters). After dis- coursing upon the subject in ancient times, the writer presents some forcible statements more applicable to the present time, in the following extracts, which I have translated from the Spanish : Š " Our republics have no inheritance, neither have they been able to inherit anything from the kings of divine right. Patronage exercises it as its own and original right in the name of national sov-ereignty. . . . " In the order of purely human inter-ests is explained the established partner-ship between the monarchy and the church, through the necessity they had of maintaining their power over the fraud of the divine delegation ; but there is no reason for preserving it between the re-public and the church, because the re- 