Temperance Torchlights By I1ATILDA ERICKSON is a book which should be in the hands of every temperance worker in America, and in every home where a barricade against intemperance is being raised. Hundreds of writers have con-tributed to make this book a veritable temperance encyclope-dia Š" multum in parvo; 250 pages, with nearly a dozen de-partments and hundreds of sketches, anecdotes, and timely statistical references and compar-isons. Temperance Torchlights will serve you whenever you have need of a temperance hand-book. Order at our risk. If the book is not all you expect Š if it disappoints in the least Š send it back, and the pur-chase price will be refunded. Price, in cloth, 50 cents. The new Temperance number of the Youth's Instructor is just at hand. I have looked through its pages, and must say that it is by far the best number of your magazine that I have seen. The entire thirty-two pages and cover are filled with fresh, important, living matter, that ought to be read by hundreds of thousands of parents and youth.Š I. H. Evans. Review 4 Herald Pub. Assn. Washington, D. C. "The Struggle for Religious Liberty in Virginia"  By CHARLES F. JAMES, D. D. THIS is a book which will be found invaluable by every stu-dent of religious liberty. The writer, who was president of the Roanoke Female College, took occasion some ten years ago to compile from original sources the documentary history of the strug-gle for religious liberty in the State of Virginia. The book is in three main parts, covering, first, the period before the Revolution; second, the pe-riod during the Revolution; and third, the period after the Revo-lution. There is also a compre-hensive appendix. The volume abounds in interest-ing facts and valuable data re-garding the growth of the relig-ious liberty effort, the facts hav-ing been taken by the writer from the original records in the Con-gressional Library at Washing-ton and in the State Library at Richmond, Va. The book contains 270 pages, and is substantially bound. Price, per Copy - $1 .25 Order through your tract society, or direct from Review & Herald Pub. Assn. Washington, D. C. 