200 LIBERTY lions of people, millions of whom are Chris-tians, living under such an atheistical Con-stitution ! A civil government, and year after year conducted for now almost a century, and no religion in it! And Presbyterians, Bap-tists, Methodists, Congregationalists, Episco-palians, and various other religious sects par-ties to this enormity! The reader need feel no alarm. The enormity is the wisest, the best, the most reasonable plan for a civil gov-ernment upon which the light of day ever dawned." Let Americans see to it that their gov-ernment is not turned out of its heaven-appointed course to protect any man'e  religion instead of protecting his inalien-able right given by the Creator and guar-anteed by the American idea of civil gov-ernment as embodied in our fundamental law, the Constitution of the United States of America, the Magna Charta of our cherished liberties. tg U, U, A Religious Liberty Memorial to the Prohibition Party Convention THE Prohibition party had a plank in its 1912 platform advocating a rest day in each week for the laboring man. One of its organs, in commenting upon this proposition, stated that religion could indeed ask for a day of rest. That plank was understood by some at least as an indorsement of Sunday laws. Religion already has a day of rest. It does not need to appeal to the govern-ment for one. This bid of four years ago for support from the champions of religious legislation, and religious bodies in general, called forth a memorial from Rev. H. D. Clarke, a delegate to the Pro-hibition party, convention recently held in St. Paul, Minn. A large part of this document follows : Š " Let me kindly call your attention to a plank that has occasionally been adopted by our con-ventions but which has proved detrimental to religious liberty, which we loudly proclaim as one of our tenets. " In 1829-3o the United States Senate was asked to consider the question of Sunday leg-islation, especially in the matter of stopping the transportation of mails. " The committee of the Senate replied as follows: The committee would hope that no portion of the citizens of our country would willingly introduce a system of religious co-ercion in our civic institutions; the examples of other nations should admonish us to watch carefully against its earliest indications. . . . Among all the religious persecutions with which almost every page of history is stained, no victim ever suffered but for the violation of what government denominated the law of  God. To prevent a similar train of evils in this country, the Constitution has wisely with-held from our government the power of de-fining divine law.' " The committee then went on to show the great dangers arising from religious combina-tions to effect a political object; how all these efforts under different guises lay a foundation for dangerous innovations upon the spirit of the Constitution and upon the religious rights of citizens. " In spite of this wise report, unwise men, in religious zeal, have succeeded at times in getting into State laws their religious tenets and men have been fined and imprisoned for working in gardens and following other simi-lar peaceful occupations on Sunday, while trains have gone thundering by and com-merce has been awhirl and mails carried all over the land. While men professing belief in the religious character of the Sunday have gone to no church, but have visited and made it a picnic day Š a mere day for pleasure, the conscientious Seventh-day Baptist, Seventh-day Adventist, and Jew have been hunted and hounded, fined and imprisoned. "The evils which this wise body of Sen-ators warn us against is the very thing that from time to time is being urged in our po-litical party, and it matters not what the name of the thing, it all comes from the same men trying to force upon all subjects their reli-gious scruples and views and practices con-cerning a sabbath. Call it ' rest-day ordinance,' working man's need,' or what not, it is all the same thing in spirit and intent, to compel in our civil affairs a religious regard for Sunday. " No workman is actually obliged to work on that day or any other day he may con-scientiously regard, and at present with our eight- or ten-hour work day, it cannot be demonstrated that his physical well-being suf- 