LIBERTY Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof. Lev. 25 : 10. VoL. III FOURTH QUARTER, 1908 No. 4 Editorial GOD requires of every man obedience and worship. Each must obey for him-self ; each must worship for himself. No man has authority from God to delegate those duties to another. Neither has any man authority from God to require an-other to obey God in the manner he thinks that other ought to obey, or to worship God in the manner he believes that other ought to worship. Liberty in these matters is the foundation of all. liberty. Our Position WE believe in government as an insti-tution divinely ordained for the good of man. We believe that civil government was ordained to regulate the affairs of men only as between man and man, and not in any case as between man and God. There is a government specifically or-dained to govern in the spiritual realm, and that is the government of God. The two realms Š the civil and the spiritual Š are as separate in legitimate adminis-tration as they are distinct in nature. When the civil ruler obtrudes himself into the realm of the spiritual, and as-sumes to dictate the religious faith and practise of men, he has usurped the pre-rogatives of divinity, and taken over a portion of the divine government. In  taking such a course, civil government has set itself against God and trampled upon his rights. In ancient Ł Israel the mingling of the sacred and the profane was punished with a severity that should indicate to all men how the God of Israel regards such conduct. See Lev. To: I-II ; Ex. 3o : 9. Not only has civil government no au-thority to dictate the religious conduct of men, but it has no authority to decide religious controversies, and dictate the faith of the people. The Word of God, to the Christian, must be the rule in mat-ters of faith, and religious controversies not settled therein can not be settied by other means. For civil government to attempt to settle a religious controversy is as unreasonable as for a society of mathematicians to attempt to prepare a grammar of the language spoken on Mars. The Word of God being man's only true rule of faith and practise, there is no other basis for the settlement of religious questions. For civil govern-ment or any other institution to attempt to settle a religious controversy by civil enactment, is to declare the Bible an insufficient guide in such things, thus casting discredit upon its Author. Civil government has, therefore, no dominion in such matters. 