True Sabbath Observance and Physical Rest By D. H. Kress, M. D. JESUS worked on the Sabbath day. Judging from the Biblical record of his life, it seems he did more work on the Sabbath than on any other day of the week. This was be-cause the day ob-served by the people as a day of physical rest afforded greater op-portunities for work. The Jews said, " This man is not of God, because he keepeth not the Sabbath day." " Give God the praise," they said to the man who had been healed on the Sabbath day, " we know that this man is a sinner." John 9: 16, 24. Seeing a man walking along the street on the Sabbath day, carrying his bed, they ac-costed him and said, "It is the Sabbath day: it is not lawful for thee to carry thy bed." The man replied, " He that made me whole, the same said unto me, Take up thy bed, and walk." When he " told the Jews that it was Jesus, which had made him whole," they per-secuted " Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done these things on the Sabbath day." John 5: 1-16. The question is, Was it right or was it wrong for this man to carry a bed on the Sabbath day' There was no contention as to which day was the Sabbath. His accusers claimed to be keepers of the seventh day of the week, the day commanded in the decalogue to be kept as the memorial of creation and the Creator. Jesus also kept the Sabbath day. It was wholly a question as to how the Sabbath day should be kept. With the Jews the day was one of phys-ical rest, while with Jesus it was a day of activ-ity. Replying to their accusation that he was a Sabbath breaker, Jesus said, " My Father worketh hitherto, and I work. . . . What things soever he doeth, these also doeth the Son like-wise." Verses 17, 19. In the performance of his works of mercy and healing, he wanted them to recognize that he was in harmony with his Father, who was continuously engaged in the work of bestowing blessings upon mankind. The sun shines just as brightly on the Sab-bath day as on other days of the week. The rain descends to moisten the soil and to make the earth bring forth and bud on the Sabbath day as on other days. God's work of benefi-cence never ceases. In helping the needy on the Sabbath day, Jesus was working the works of his Father. No doubt at the close of many a 56  Sabbath day he was physically exhausted, and yet the Sabbath commandment demanded that man should rest on that day. To the Jews it appeared that he was not keeping the Sabbath. It was this, more than anything else, that led them to reject the author of the Sabbath day. They said, " This man is not of God, because be keepeth not the Sabbath day." The fact is, there is nothing in science, in nature, or in the law of God which requires that one day in seven, or some particular day, should be observed as a day of physical rest. If there were, then their reasoning would have been sound Š" this man is not of God, because he keepeth not the Sabbath day." But Jesus, rather than his accusers, was the true Sabbath keeper. In his life he taught that the Sabbath law demands that we do well on that day, and that he who observes it merely as a day of physical rest is not a true Sabbath keeper. Idleness is a curse on any day of the week, for the devil is still alive, and sees that minds and hands unemployed have something to do. To compel men to rest, or to be idle, on any day, at once gets them and the community into difficulty. To keep them from drink, it is nec-essary to close the saloon. The saloon is an outlaw, and should be closed on all days of the week. But Sunday with open saloons would prove a greater curse to men who may be com-pelled to rest on that day than are other days of the week with open saloons, while men are employed. But even with closed saloons, a day of enforced idleness, may still prove a curse instead of a blessing. On Sundays, for instance, more than on other days of the week, men and women give themselves to gluttony and licen-tiousness. More iniquity is practised in the homes of the people on rest days than on other days. All Sunday legislation, for this reason, will prove a failure as a measure of moral up-lift. It is based on a wrong conception of what Sabbath keeping is. The Sabbath day is not really kept, if it is not kept holy. The command of Jehovah reads, " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy." Unholy beings cannot truly keep the Sabbath day. " The carnal mind is enmity against God: for it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be." Rom. 8: 7. It is better for men to have some form of activ-ity on Sunday than to be idle. The fewer their days of idleness the better. Even the true Sab-bath may be made a curse. That which God has designed as a blessing is converted into a curse if unregenerated men are compelled to be idle upon it. Only those who are Christians in-deed, not merely in name, and who have been Carrying His Bed on the Sabbath 