5-1010  LIBERTY the United States, there would have been no such hue and cry raised against it. Very likely to many it would have been by no means undesirable. In response to this declaration in favor of separation as exemplified in this country, Paul Sabatier, a French writer, pertinently urged : Ñ Let American Catholics who boast so highly of their separation read simply the bull Vehementer. Therein they will see that separation is absolutely con-demned. If, then, the holy see supports it in America, it is a toleration entirely forced upon it, and merely provisional. Unprejudiced readers of the bull of Boni face VIII, Unam Sanctam, and the encyclicals and syllabus of Pope Pius IX. will be forced to the conclu-sion that Sabatier is correct, and that Cardinal Gibbons can not be in har-mony with the authoritative doctrines of his own church while appearing to advocate the separation of church and state. Conclusions From the testimony submitted in this article we feel warranted in drawing these conclusions : In expressing his sat-isfaction with the Constitution, Cardinal Gibbons is quite out of harmony with the utterances of so noted a head of the church as Pope Leo XIII. Cardinal Gibbons does not believe in the separation of church and state as a right principle which should control the relation of these two powers, but, on the other hand, be-lieves in a " friendly union " when the majority of the citizens of any country are communicants of the Roman Catholic Church. Cardinal Gibbons confounds religious liberty with toleration. Car-dinal Gibbons declares that the pope would issue no commands in purely civil matters, while the last election in Italy has furnished the latest instance of such interference. We are therefore con-strained to say that in his article " The Church and the Republic " Cardinal Gib- bons does not advocate the truly Chris-tian and the truly American principle of the separation of church and state, and, on the other hand, advocates a practise which the founders of this government, in view of the warning furnished by other nations, intended explicitly to pro-hibit. Washington's Letter on Liberty of Conscience IT was indeed most fitting that the Declaration of Independence should be first printed on the press owned by a people who were the truest exponents of religious liberty in America at that time Ñthe Seventh-day Baptists, who then, and have always till the present time, protested against the in-terference o f the civil mag-istrate in mat- ters of religion. As civil liberty is robbed of its real significance where religious liberty is denied, they stood for the prin-ciple of liberty in both regards. \Vhen the new American government had been established, the Seventh-day Baptists, fearing that their observance of the seventh-day Sabbath might make them the victims of persecution, and that their religious liberties might thus be swept away, addressed a letter to President George Washington. His reply, which follows, is still preserved in the orig-inal at Ephrata, Pa.: Ñ If I had had the least idea of any diffi-culty resulting from the Constitution adopted by the convention of which I had the honor to be president when it was formed, so as to endanger the rights of any religious denomination, then I never should have attached my name to that instrument. If I had any idea that AN OLD PRESS The Declaration of Inde- pendence was printed on this press 