LIBERTY 47 " Then suppose that some one becomes con-vinced that he should observe Saturday, the seventh day of the week, as his Maker has commanded, but resides so far from a church of that religious persuasion that no opportunity has been presented for him to unite in fellow-ship with said society, is he then exempt from penalty on account of his religious convictions? Š No, indeed ! To be exempt from penalty such a law would actually demand that he join the church of his own religious persuasion. To unite with some other religious faith would be no barrier to his conviction for misde-meanor, but he must unite with a church of his own particular religious faith. This ap-proaches very nearly to a union of church and state, to say the least. A Sunday law may be made constitutional, but this one, it must be conceded, is not such. It may, however, be made so by adding one more exemption to the numerous ones now found in it, and that would be to provide further, that all other persons whose business seems to require, and who feel disposed to do so, use the day as they will. " California no Loser by Present Standard " In consequence of the past loyalty of Cali-fornia's sons to the principles of equity and justice in government, California is yet with-out a Sunday law. The State has lost no respect thereby, either; for she has as many church steeples pointing skyward, and as many worshipers in her churches, in proportion to her inhabitants, as any other State in the American Union. It is libel upon the good morals of California's citizens to call them pagans, as has been done publicly by Sunday- la‚‚ advocates, because they have not consented to oblige themselves to do that which is al-ready their privilege to do, or not to do, as best pleases them. " There can be no doubt, in thoughtful minds, that the real reason why the representa-tives of the people at California's capitol have refused to enact Sunday-rest laws, has been because their long connection with public af-fairs, and their consequent knowledge of hu-man tendencies, made them fearful of social ruptures which would result in sectarian hatred and vicious retaliations. They evidently stud-ied the problem from all sides, and concluded that the safest guide to social harmony was to put into statute law no cause of religious contention, in neighborhoods now in compara-tive peace and good-fellowship. " California, therefore, is no loser by reason of the absence of compulsory Sunday rest. Her numerous church steeples pointing to final rest, and her thousands of sincere worshipers, testify to abundant civil and religious loyalty, which could not possibly be enhanced by the passage of such a measure as the one here considered. It pays to let well enough alone. " The immortal words of Patrick Henry are applicable in a consideration of this kind. Said he, `God has given America to be free. In the name of the One who made you, the Saviour who redeemed you, in the name of the millions whose very breath is now hushed as in intense expectation, they look up to you for the precious words, You are free.' May the words of this eminent statesman be the watch-word and standard of legislative decision in the disposition of this Sunday-rest bill." Oregon Legislature Refuses to Enact Sunday Laws After the People Repudiate Them AFTER the people of Oregon had, by the referendum, repudiated all Sunday laws by more than 32,00o majority at the last general election, Dr. G. L. Tufts endeavored to get the State legis-lature to recommit itself to Sunday leg-islation. To this end he had two Sunday bills introduced. A public hearing was granted on these bills February 5. Dr. Tufts ; Prof. Carl G. Doney, presi-dent of the Willamette University (M. E.) ; and one lady spoke in favor of Sunday legislation. H. G. Thurston, representing the Seventh-day Adventists ; ex-Senator Dan Kellaher ; P. C. Hay- ward, religious liberty secretary of Ore-gon ; J. M. Willoughby, of Portland ; \V. T. Hume, a former district attorney ; and two others spoke against the bills. We take pleasure in publishing the speech of H. G. Thurston, and noting the fact that the bills were both killed in committee. Telling Arguments " Mr. Chairman and Members of the Com-mittee:Š " We often hear the plea in defense of Sun-day legislation, that it is simply civil legisla-tion and not religious. To call it civil legisla-tion reminds us of the story of the small boy 