174  LIBERTY formers profited by this to set their views before thousands whom they would never have reached otherwise. While the con-vention was a disappointment to Port-land, the National Reformers were elated over their success in presenting their views to such great audiences as they have never before been privileged to ad-dress. The National Reformers' part of the program was a rehasn of what they have been giving from year to year at Winona Lake, Jnd. At the latter place they addressed scores, while at Portland they addressed thousands. The sectional conferences also helped to fasten the views of so-called National  Reform upon thousands of the people. It would be a mistake to discount the effect of such a gathering. It is certain to have a tremendous influence in turn-ing the nation backward toward the prin-ciples of Babylon; and when the influ-ence of such a gathering is added to that of a number of other large and influ-ential organizations working for a sim-ilar end, those who love the principles that have made America great and free must view such developments with the utmost concern. " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty," but Americans in general have ceased to be vigilant. C. M. S. 01. !V st! Constantine's Sophistry Practised on Americans DR. SHAILER MATHEWS, president of the Federal Council of the Churches, re-cently said : " It is true we want the church and state separate, but it is equally true that we want Christianity and de-mocracy united. For one can aid the other." The Federal Council is mista-ken if it thinks it can deceive the Amer-ican people by such a mixture of spiritual matters with temporal affairs by equivo-cating terms into a meaningless illogi-cality. Constantine fooled the Christians of the fourth century by using precisely the same kind of sophistry. It was Christianity, too, as a whole, and not as any particular church or belief, that Con-stantine had established as the religion of the state. In the edict of Constantine on poly-theism, we read : Ñ " Victor Constantinus, Maximus Au-gustus, to the people of the Eastern Prov-inces:. . . " My own desire is, for the general ad-vantage of the world and all mankind. that thy people shall enjoy a life of peace and undisturbed concord. Let those, therefore, who are still blinded by error, be made welcome to the same degree of peace and tranquillity which they have who believe. For may be that this resto- ration of equal privileges to all will have a powerful effect in leading them into the path of truth. Let no one molest another in this matter but let every one be free to follow the bias of his own mind."Ñ" Life of Constantine," book 2, chap. 56. However, a more famous and universal edict was issued in 313 A. D. by Con-stantine. The Edict of Milan " Concluding some time ago that lib-erty of religion ought not to be impeded. but that it is necessary to leave to the judgment and free will of each one the power to practise divine worship accord-ing to his choice, we ordained that the Christians should therefore practise their faith in the religion professed by them. " But since in that rescript in which this permission was granted to them they esteemed that many and divers conditions were clearly added, perhaps on that ac-count some of them soon ceased to ob-serve it. " Therefore, both I, Constantine Au-gustus, and I, Licinius Augustus, having met at Milan and having come to an un-derstanding on matters relating to the public weal and security, amongst other things that seemed advantageous to the majority of men, we decided, first of all, 