LIBERTY 85 the freedom of the press " the Pro-papal Program." None but Catholics have thus far thrown their influence in favor of the three " Pro-papal " bills introduced into Congress. All Protestants and nonreli- gionists are working in opposition to these bills. In this matter the Catholics have raised a national issue over a reli-gious controversy, and have been the first to introduce it into Congress. c. s. L. tV ttf Legislator Condemns Action of Churchmen Š " Go Home and Preach" THE Daily Oklahoman, Feb. 23, 1915, gave an interesting account of a hearing on a Sunday bill before a legislative com-mittee of the Oklahoma Legislature. This Sunday bill was prepared by the Ministerial Alliance, introduced at their request, and defended by them. We only wish we had more legislators of the Oklahoma type who are not afraid to administer a fitting rebuke to churchmen when they clamor for civil aid and power in our legislative halls. By this we do not mean that we are standing as the advocates of the theaters or the moving picture shows operating on Sunday or any other day, but what we oppose is the wrong way of doing the right thing. It seems strange that same of the ambas-sadors of Jesus Christ should depart so far from their divine mission that a state official is compelled to repeat, by way of remembrance, the great commission to them. The Oklahoman gives the following account of the hearing: Š " Don't come to this legislature, asking for legislation that will put the moving picture shows out of business. Go home and preach the living gospel of Jesus Christ, which is stronger than hell." So declared Representa-tive Thomas F. McLemore, of Beckham County, to a large delegation of local preach-ers who appeared before a senate committee Monday night in advocacy of the enactment of the law proposing the closing of moving picture theaters on Sunday. For four years Mr. McLemore was a minister in the Chris-tian Church. " Jesus Christ has said, 'Upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it.' You have the church and the great God of the universe on your side. Make use of them, and you will not have to ask the picture shows to be closed," continued Mr. McLemore. It was after several ministers and others interested in the passage of the bill had ad-dressed the committee, giving their views of why the bill should become a law, that Mr. McLemore spoke. The weight of their ar-gument was that the running of picture shows on Sunday was a moral wrong, and that it was no more right that a picture show should be run on Sunday than any other business enterprise. The bill provides that picture shows, how-ever, may be conducted in churches on Sun-day. " It is purely an economic proposition " said Mr. McLemore. " The preacher wants the people to come to his church on Sunday, because the larger the congregation the larger the collection. The moving picture man wants the people to come to his moving picture show on Sunday, so that his receipts will be larger." Representatives of organized labor and the moving picture interests urged the defeat of the bill. . . . It was stated that the bill was prepared and introduced at the request of the Ministerial Alliance. Not a word was spoken during the discussion of the bill that tended to reflect on the class of pictures that are usually shown. tV !V " Adventists Oppose Laws on Religion " UNDER the above heading, the Daily Oklahoman, of Feb. 25, 1915, published the following memorial drawn up by the Seventh-day Adventist Conference of the State of Oklahoma and presented to the Oklahoma Legislature : Š To the Honorable Members of the Oklahoma Legislature. HONORED Snts: The Seventh-day Adventist Conference of the State of Oklahoma here-with presents its solemn protest against sen-ate bill No. 402, or any other bill which seeks to recognize the observance of one day above another. Our reasons for making this pro-test are as follows : Š t. We wish to emphasize that we do not 