LIBERTY 21 of all shaving parlors. The " Sunday clo-sing " barbers belong to a labor organiza-tion which is part of the local federation of all unions. The local ministers have also entered the lists of champions of this amendment. It will be seen that the ordi-nary legislator will recognize the potency of such a combination, and desiring polit-ical preferment, will do the bidding of the combine. An interesting feature of the recent agi-tation before the legislature was the intro-duction and passage of an amendment to the Sunday law permitting the cigar stores to do business on Sunday openly. This measure was passed by the House about three days before the measure closing the barber shops was passed. However, it was killed in the Senate committee because of  Monticello in his " Notes on Virginia ; " he foresaw the retrogression in public opinion on the matter of the individual's religious rights:Š Besides, the spirit of the times may alter, will alter. Our rulers will become corrupt, our people careless. A single zealot may commence persecution, and bet-ter men be his victims. It can never be too often repeated, that the time for fixing every essential right on a legal basis is while our rulers are honest, and ourselves united. From the conclusion of this war we shall be going downhill. It will not then be necessary to resort every moment to the people for support. They will be forgotten, therefore, and their rights disregarded. They will forget themselves, but in the sole faculty of making money, and will never think of uni-ting to effect a due respect for their rights. T h e shackles, therefore, which shall not be knocked off at t h e conclusion of this war, will remain on us 1 o n g, will be made heavier and heavier, till our rights shall revive or expire in a convul-sion." We doubt not but that legisla- tion for Sunday observance was included in that against which this warning was given ; for in the twenty-first Congress a bill was introduced making national recognition of Sunday as a religious day. Mr. Johnson, of Kentucky, communicated to the House an unfavorable report against the measure, saying among other things:Š "Ifthings:  Congress shall, by the authority of law, sanction the measure recommended, it would constitute a legislative decision of a religious controversy, in which Christians themselves are at issue. . . . It is perhaps fortunate for our country that the proposi-tion should have been made at this early period, while the spirit of the Revolution yet exists in full vigor." STATE CAPITOL, BATON ROUGE, LA. the storm of opposition brought about by protesting ministers. The sentiment in behalf of more strin-gent Sunday laws in the State of Louisi-ana is becoming stronger, and apparently it will not be long before the church will control our legislators, as it did in the fourth and subsequent centuries. It is strange that the Southland, which justly prides itself upon giving to the world those staunch Virginians, Washington, Jefferson, and Madison, the great exponents and doc-trinaires of civil and religious liberty, should take the steps which must ultimately lead to a condition of state ecclesiasticism against which those and other true Amer-icans contended. Listen to the sage of 