118  LIBERTY letter was written. The only question we wish to raise in this connection is, What spirit does this letter reveal, Certainly not that of the Master, who said, " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." John 12: 47. Can any one reading this letter fail to see that it would be unsafe to trust civil power for religious ends in the hands of men who are controlled by such a spirit, Is it not evident that the only reason men are not burned at the stake today for opinion's sake as they were in the days of Huss and Servetus, is that civil society will not permit it, Is it not clear enough that bigotry is not less narrow, and human hearts not less cruel, than in the days when the state was the obedient servant of the church, pursuing with fire and sword all who were by the religious tribunals accounted heretics,  B. Something Further Concerning the Dallas Matter Perhaps the following, written by one of the " bunch " that helped to defeat the proposed Dallas Sunday ordinance, will explain why Mr. MacKenzie was in such a temper when he wrote his letter to the publishers of the Signs of the Times: " The matter of church-and-state union was before the citizens of Dallas, Oreg., who voted upon the question June 9. When the State Sunday law was abolished in Oregon, several years ago, Dallas voted against its abolition. " Some months ago, a movement was inau-gurated in that city to secure a local Sunday law. There seemed no particular objection to the `movies' during the week, but they must be closed upon Sunday. Those favoring that step secured 553 signatures of persons whom they claimed favored Sunday closing. A short but vigorous campaign was conducted in the city. The climax was reached Monday night, June 7, in a public debate lasting two hours. The af-firmative was presented by Dr. Wilson, of the District of Columbia, and Reverend Shirley, ¥ Presbyterian, of McMinnville, Oreg. Those who spoke in the negative were Pastor H. W. Cot-trell and Prof. E. J. Hibbard, of Portland, and two Religious Liberty secretaries. Fully five hundred persons listened attentively to the ar-guments presented. " The debate brought out the natural rights of man, and the workings of religious legislation. The finished product of a church-and-state union, like the finished product of the liquor traffic, is, and always has been, bad. Misery, suffering, bloodshed, and death have been the abundant harvest of both systems. " Two days later, the people voted on the proposed ordinance, and but 260 votes were cast for the Sunday law. " Although the wrath of some who favored the measure has been manifested in a very un-wholesome way, the great mass of the people are well pleased with the outcome, which was a victory for the gospel principles of the separa-tion of church and state, for which the United States Constitution stands. " H. G. THURSTON." Salem Witchcraft THE terrible delusion of belief in witch-craft accompanied the New England set-tlers, and they adopted English laws against it. For a long time it was simply an undemonstrative belief, but at length it assumed an active feature in society in Massachusetts, as it was encouraged by some of the clergy, whose influence was almost omnipotent. Before 1688, four persons ac-cused of witchcraft had suffered death in the vicinity of Boston. The first was Margaret Jones, of Charlestown, hanged in 1648. In 1656, Ann Hibbens, sister of Governor Belling-ham, of Massachusetts, was accused of being a witch, tried by a jury, and found guilty. The magistrates refused to accept the verdict, and the case was carried to the General Court, where a majority of that body declared her guilty,  and she was hanged. In 1688, a young girl in Danvers (a part of Salem) accused a maid servant of theft. The servant's mother, a " wild Irishwoman " and a Roman Catholic, declared with vehemence that the charge was false, where-upon the accuser, out of revenge, accused the Irishwoman of having bewitched her. Some of the girl's family joined in the accusation and assisted her in her operations. They would alternately become deaf, dumb, and blind; bark like dogs, and purr like cats; but none of them lost their appetite or needed sleep. Rev. Cotton Mather Ñ a superstitious, credu-lous, and egotistical clergyman, a firm believer in witchcraft, and who believed America was orig-inally peopled with " a crew of witches trans-ported hither by the devil "Ñ hastened to Dan-vers, with other clergymen as superstitious as 