LIBERTY 79 the case and ordered it sent back to the justice of the peace. The justice of the peace found her guilty by going through a farcical trial, but Mrs. Post has taken an appeal to the su-perior court. This again illustrates the gross injustice of Aunday laws, especially when their execution is intrusted to ignorant and intolerant officials. Whatever may be said to the contrary, the chief object of such statutes is the persecution of those who observe another day than Sunday as the Sabbath. C. S. L. WITHIN the League of Nations there has been formed another league styled " The League of International Labor," the first meeting of which is to be held in Washington this fall. This league, or International Council of La-bor, furnished nine provisions or articles for insertion into the peace treaty of the League of Nations. Following is the fifth of these pro-visions: " Fifth, the adoption of a weekly rest of at least twenty-four hours, which should include Sunday wherever practicable." This puts not only the International Labor Conference, but the whole League of Nations, on the side of the advocates of Sunday laws, more or less drastic from the first; but natu-rally becoming more and more severe as oc-casion seems to demand. The cry will be, The greatest good to the greatest number, and scant consideration will be shown anybody who is found to be out of line with the general plan. Indeed, the whole scheme, including the League of Nations, involves the ignoring of the rights of the individual in the supposed in-terests of an aggregation of individuals or of nations. The motives of the men who have been prom-inent in advocating and framing the League of Nations need not be impugned. Indeed, this is forbidden by the high character of the men themselves, but their sincerity and disinterest-edness do not insure the ultimate success of their plan. A League of Nations there is, but the promised peace is not, nor can it be while sin reigns in the hearts and lives of men. C. P. B. ft ltt THE reasoning indulged in by State Attor-ney Wise of Virginia, referred to under the heading, " Religious Freedom Threatened in Virginia," is suggestive of similar arguments offered in that State a century and a third ago, when Baptists were fined and imprisoned as disturbers of the peace for administering bap-tism by immersion. " Lewd fellows of the baser sort,; not in sympathy with Baptist belief and practice, and knowing that according to law only the established worship was protected,  indulged in catcalls, the throwing of sticks, stones, etc., while the Baptists were celebrating the solemn rite. The whole Ł thing was charged up to the Baptists, and they, not the " lewd fellows," were arrested and punished as dis-turbers of the public peace. Mr. Wise should familiarize himself with the history of the vic-tory of liberty over intolerance in his own State in the days of James Madison, George Mason. Patrick Henry, and others. tV EVERY man in every land has an inherent right to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. And in this land every man has also such a Constitutional right. But Sunday laws, even the mildest of them, abridge this right. Exemptions in such laws merely tolerate those exempted, thus denying the right. Liberty is a gift of God. Toleration is a con-cession of man. A government can recognize, declare, 'and protect rights, but it cannot grant them. Toleration is a concession which may be withdrawn at, the pleasure of the grantor. It is not only an assumption of authority over the individual who wishes to worship, but over the one who is worshiped, for the same power which regulates, or tolerates, or permits the worship, permits the one who is worshiped to receive the adoration of the worshiper. This difference between toleration and re-ligious rights was not recognized in the Old World, nor in the early history of our own country. Persecution of Baptists and Quakers, the hanging of witches, and other deeds of vio-lence by mistaken religious zealots, brought the facts home to the thinking men who framed our government. Protection in freedom of worship was guaranteed at the great conven-tion in Philadelphia, and enlarged upon at the first Congress which assembled under the Con-stitution. The First Amendment withholds from Congress the right to invade the home of reason, the citadel of the soul. It has been well said that a guaranty of freedom of wor-ship is America's gift to the philosophy of gov-ernment. To an American, religious toleration is an insult. No one need be deceived as to whether these proposed Sunday laws, and those already in ex-istence in several States, are religious or, civil, as it is very evident that they all are an en-deavor to bolster up a religious dogma, .and enforce upon the people of the land the reli-gious convictions held by those who have not yet learned the great truth set forth by Christ, to " render therefore unto Cfesar the things which are Ceesar's; and unto God the things that are God's." W. F. M. PEACE and prosperity invariably accompany civil and religious liberty. 