LIBERTY 99 whom our friends, the prohibitionists, would deprive of a livelihood without the slightest attempt to find employment for them, an im-mense industrial army turned loose into the streets to starve." What a scarecrow for a man of intel-ligence to invent, even if the preceding statistics were a correct representation of facts, which fortunately they are not. Let us consider the logic of Mr. Gal-livan's argument. Such logic would for-bid the abolition of the slave traffic, so that the slave traffickers might not be de-prived of a livelihood. It would prevent the legal prohibition of the white slave traffic, for the sole purpose of enabling those who are engaged in the traffic to make a livelihood out of the business. Mr. Gallivan further says: Š "And I tell you, gentlemen, if this thing ever comes to pass, it is a question of whether that army will supinely submit to orderly starva-tion, or whether it will fight." So Mr. Gallivan thinks there would be civil war as one result of prohibiting the liquor traffic. Verily I think every true patriot would rush to arms with right-eous vengeance to defend his wife and children from the onslaught of 2,000,000 ?) men banded together in so low, so base, so vile a cause as the interests of the liquor business. The sympathy Mr. Gallivan expresses for the liquor business, in its difficulties incident to national prohibition, leaves the impression that he would accept a generalship in this great army. Mr. Gallivan goes on with the fol-lowing direful prediction of financial panic : Š " Believe me, gentlemen, if you are legislated out of business, if your ship goes down under the attacks of these reformers and fanatics, you will carry down with you a concourse of others whose shrieks will split the financial heavens in twain. It will mean panic, ruin, chaos. And all for what? Š For a dream, a chimera, a will-o'-the-wisp. Not only will economic chaos result from nation-wide pro-hibition, but something very much like social anarchy will surely develop." Anything but " gentle " and " impos-ing " would be the appearance of this motley army of brewers at the head of 2,000,000( ?) jobless men, marching on to overthrow the government, because they cannot have this particular way of getting their livelihood Š the manufac-ture and sale of intoxicating beverages ! Rebellion, murder, and anarchy are the offspring of the threefold union of the saloon, brewery, and distillery. I fancy I can hear a chorus of voices from the sober element of this nation, saying, " We will guarantee that not a single man of all this great army who forsake the manufacture of intoxicating liquors shall fail of having a chance to work at an honest trade. Grant the abo-lition of this terrible curse of licensed manufacture and sale of liquor, and we will save enough in jails, courts, hos-pitals, insane asylums, reformatories, poorhouses, etc., to put these men on the retired list the remainder of their lives, pay their former wages, and then have some left to supply them with gospel lit-erature." Mr. Gallivan further states : Š " Thoughtful men already see this danger, the danger of an entire nation made into sneaks and lawbreakers by the prohibition of a traffic that simply cannot be suppressed." Please notice that Mr. Gallivan says it " cannot be suppressed," and yet his hue and cry has been principally over 2,000,000 men engaged in the manufac-ture of the stuff who would be out of a job; that is, would have to quit making and selling liquors. Thus, if his last statement is true, it nullifies the principal part of his first statement. Both cannot be true. It is high time that this monetized, demonized, criminalized, brutalized, an-archistic, law-defying liquor organization receive its deathblow, and that men be elected to public office who will enforce the law and defend the public weal. Belgrade, Maine. 