The Nation's Economic Burden Statement of Hon. Richmond P. Hobson, a Representative in Congress From the State of Alabama ()tilt position before the House of Rep-resentatives will be that, irrespective of the individual ideas of members of Con-gress on the merits of the case, Congress ought to submit it to the people of the several.States, a majority of those people in due forin having requested to be al-lowed to pass upon it. At this juncture I desire to call the attention of the chair-man and members of the committee to this consideration without arguing it : This is an organic question ; it deals with life and death, with liberty, with the sur-vival of individuals, of groups, of na-tions, of empires, and of civilization: and we submit that the true treatment of an organic disease must be an organic treat-ment ; that Congress cannot treat this question comprehensively and completely, and that it is only the people in the sev-eral States who can apply the organic treatment. We submit that Congress should at the earliest moment wash its hands of this question, and put it where it can no longer disturb the political forces in the matter of the election of members of Congress to the lower or up-per house ; that both those houses should recognize the propriety of permitting the people in the several States to apply this organic treatment, and then allow the forces for and against it to go out into the several States and settle it among the people themselves. So if you want to solve this question, there is only one way to solve it right ; and it will never be solved until we do solve it in the right way. We ought to submit this to the States for ratification. Now, I desire to call attention further-more to the fact that this would not cur-tail the rights of the States in dealing with the question, except in the matter of sale. Any act of any State in the line of curtailing the poisoning of its people is left untouched. The final adoption of this measure by the several States  would not prevent independent State ac-tion along lines of temperance and pro-hibition. It would not invade the right of the States except in so far as the States would go counter to the principle of stopping the sale. Any State, any county, any town, any home, and any individual would be left unrestrained ex-cept in the matter of sale. I will not read over the provisions of the measure, assuming that the gentlemen of the com-mittee are familiar with them, but I de-sire to call attention to the fact that it deals only with the question of sale ; it has nothing to do with the question' of use nor anything that deals with use. . . . But careful investigations, substantial, systematic, and scientific, indicate that over two thirds of the drinkers began drinking and had contracted the habit'be-fore they were twenty-one years of age, that nearly one third contracted the habit before they were sixteen years of age, and that actually seven per cent con-tracted the habit before they were twelve years of age. Now, another analysis : Who is it that teaches the boy to drink ? It is not the drinker. There would be very few men base enough, though they drink them-selves, to teach boys to drink. It is done only by those whose business is devel-oped and expanded by the development of the appetite in the boy, so that when he grows up as a drinking man they can get the profit. That is what is done. It is done by the organized liquor interests, and they do it systematically. You go into any city in the country and you will see how it is done. Now then, the mo-ment you kill the liquor interest of Amer-ica, the organized liquor business, you stop the debauching of the youth. In other words, the federal government kills the monster. It is not undertaking to affect the old people ; but the moment you kill this monster, the moment you •35 