44 LIBERTY certain acts and institutions, we tacitly acknowledge that such acts and institu-tions are the creatures of the lawmaking bodies and are subservient to their will and judgment. We do not believe in the argument that " individuals, upon entering into so-ciety, give up or surrender a portion of their natural rights." This is a wrong  the grill joint, the gamblers' joint, the white-slave joint, the dance joint, the sporting joint, the red-light joint, and the criminal joint. Like the serpent, it needs to be crushed, and the only way to do it is to crush its head. " Wine is a mocker, strong drink is raging : and whosoever is deceived 'thereby is not wise." Prov. 20: I. Alco- FILLING THE RANKS OF RUM'S ARMY The saloon cannot exist without filling the ranks. Would you vote to have the saloon keeper put your boy in the gap? argument to bring against the saloon. If this line of reasoning were true, society could logically demand the surrender of all our most sacred natural rights, and not one of them would remain untouched or secure. When liquor men admit that their business requires government regu-lation, they surrender every legitimate claim to the immunities accorded to nat-ural rights and personal liberty. The American saloon is a parasite, and produces " suicides, homicides, sorrow-cides, and burnt-out insides, and so on." It is the nation's great tapeworm, which has fastened itself upon the vitals of or-ganized society. It produces a national disease, and needs a national remedy to effect a cure. The liquor traffic consti-tutes a great organism. It is made up of composite joints : it has the saloon joint,  hol is a deceiver. It makes you believe you are warm when you are cold. It makes you believe you are cool when you are hot. It makes the drunkard believe that he is strong when he is so weak and unstable that a little child could push him into the gutter. It makes him think he is the strongest man in the country, the champion pugilist, the keenest busi-ness man, the most engaging orator, the richest lord, the finest citizen, and the greatest politician, when he is the weak-est, dullest, poorest, and meanest citizen on earth. The saloon is a consumer and waster of all that is good and grand, and is a producer of only irreparable evil. It has no economic value which can possibly ac-crue to the individual or the nation in final results. The more it induces a 