HON. JOHN A MOON OF TENNESSEE CHAIRMAN OF THE COMMITTEE ON THE POST OFFICE AND POST ROADS LIBERTY 59 or wrapper of which, or any postal card upon which any nonmailable matter described in the foregoing section is written, printed, or other-wise impressed or apparent, is hereby declared unmailable matter and subject to the provi-sions and penalties set forth in said foregoing section regarding nonmailable matter." Mr. Fitzgerald was the first to speak in behalf of this proposed legislation. He declared that the reason for the in-troduction of his bill lay in a declaration of the Postmaster-General to the effect that, under the present law, he was n o t authorized to exclude f r o m the mails certain publi-cations which were objectionable to a certain portion of the American peo- ple. He said.  in part : Š It is very apparent that the Congress and, I think, the people of the United States, do not desire that the postal facilities shall he used for the pur-pose of disseminating lewd, o b s c e n e, im-moral, or filthy litera-ture. The circulation of such material through the mails is bound to more or less result in the debase-ment of the morals of the people of the coun-try, and the mail fa-cilities have not been established f or any such purpose. The Postmaster-General points out in his report that there is a very considerable class of literature that does not, according to his construction of the law, come within his power to exclude, although it is of a very objection-able character. I believe there should be no misunderstanding of what the law is, that if this power does not now exist in some official in the conduct of the postal facilities of the government, it should be lodged in some one ; that the mails of the United States should not be used to transmit all the foul, filthy, indecent, and objectionable literature that evil-minded persons may create and desire to cir-culate. I think that has been the intention of the Congress. What the Fitzgerald Bill Requires Now, this bill requires more to be done in order to exclude literature than any law proposed. It requires first, that it shall be established to the satisfaction of the Postmas-ter-General that a person is engaged in the business of publishing scandalous, indecent, immoral, or scurrilous books, pamphlets, prints, pictures, engravings, lithographs, photographs, or other publications, matter, or thing of inde-cent, immoral, scurrilous, or libelous character, and that if it is so established, such persons shall be deemed to be publishing unmail-able matter; and in addition, it must be established that an attempt is being made to use the mails of the United States to further that business, a n d only in that case c a n authority be exercised under this bill. . . . In order to anticipate what I have reason to believe may be suggested, I wish to call the attention of the committee to the law as it is, be-cause I intend to ask that if the com-mittee, upon con-sideration of this bill, does not be-lieve that it is a bill that should be re-ported with a fa-vorable recommen-dation, to report it with an unfavor-able recommenda-tion. If this com-mittee is convinced that the law is now sufficient to exclude this vile literature from Łthe mails, I hope it will express its opinion in a report on this bill so that responsibility for the cramming of the mails with such material may be fixed and in order that proper and orderly steps may be taken to eliminate matter of such character from the mails. . . . The difficulty in anticipating the issuance of a publication that would be filthy was what led me very largely to propose this additional power in case it can be established that some person or corporation is making a business of issuing filthy literature. Its purpose is to ex-clude such material from the mails if an at-tempt is made to use the mails to further that stuff. Because I cannot conceive that it would 