LIBERTY ENLIGHTENING THE WORLD 10 LIBERTY. has heard about freedom. He asks, Can it be that they have images in this country as in Russia? Is this an idol to be wor-shiped, or what can it be? For you must remember that all through Russia, where the afflictions of the Jews have been the most terrible, the land is filled with images; and so he wonders. But he soon learns that this statue, with its far-reaching light, is not an image to be worshiped under pains and penalties of law, but a token to men as they come pouring into this coun-try, that whatever their nation, whatever their religion, they are coming to a land of light and liberty. What has been the result of this treat-ment of the Jews in this country? The result has been that the Jew has shown himself to be a man like other men. He has shown that he can have the same re-spect for other men's rights that he expects them to have for his own. But, my friends, the Jews to-day are begin-ning to feel that they are not so welcome in this country after all as they might be. While on the train the other day, a Jew said to me: " Mr. Gilbert, what do you suppose will happen in a hundred years from now ? " We were talk-ing upon the subject of the eql.lality of men's rights and the liberties common to people here. I knew what he meant. "Ah," said he, " it looks now as if America was going to follow in the train of other nations, and cut off from the Jew the rights and privileges which he has enjoyed." The people say, " How, can that be? " I can tell you best by giving you an illustra-tion. Some years ago there was on foot, as there has been more or less since then, a movement to curtail the running of Sun-day trains. At that time there was a cer-tain league in existence whose object was to attend to that kind of business, and there was a meeting called before the railroad commissioners of Boston. There were a  number of men present from that associa-tion to get the trains to cease running, and to close up everything else if they had their way. Finally, while waiting for the commis-sioners to appear, I said to one of these men, " Did it ever occur to you that the attitude that is being assumed to-day with regard to Sunday legislation is not only a detriment to the work of the gospel among the Jews, but is also a denial of Christian-ity ? " The man was astonished, even though a minister of the gospel. He asked how that was. I said, " You have said to the Jew, ' Come to this country, and you have equal rights with all other men as long as you conduct yourself as a good cit-izen of the United States. You have as much right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness as every other man ; ' and among these rights, both God-given and inherent, as well as guaranteed by the country, is the right to worship on the sev-enth day and labor on the first. And many of them have come here upon this guarantee, and are still doing so ; but there was a little revival here some years ago, as there has been at differ-ent times, and an effort is being made to compel people to rest 'on the first day of the week whether they wish to or not, with the result that in many States many of the Jews feel the oppression, and feel it keenly. " Now the Jew says, You people who claim to believe in Jesus say that we have rights like other men. We have rights, God tells us we have; your own Christ tells us that we have. If we keep the seventh day, we have as good a right to work on the first day as you have to work on the seventh.' " But if we say to him, ' Here, you may go and keep the seventh day if you wish to, but you must rest on the first day too,' we deal out to him the same hardships that he has been made to suffer in Russia for hun- 