LIBERTY 9 the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, works of necessity and charity always ex-cepted. " Section 2. That from and after the pas-sage of this Act it shall be unlawful in' the District of Columbia to keep open or use for secular purposes any dancing saloon, theater, bowling alley, place of public assembly or amusement for secular purposes, to engage in unlawful snorts on the Lord's day, com-monly called Sunday. " Sec. 3. That from and after the passage of this Act it shall he unlawful in the District of Columbia for any person. firm, corporation, or municinality, or any of their agents, direc-tors. or officers. to require or permit any em-ployees eneazed in works of necessity or char-ity, excentine in household service, to work on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, unless within the next succeeding six days clurine a period of twenty-four consecutive hours he or it shall neither require nor permit such employee to work in his or its employ. " Sec. 4. That any person who shall violate any of the nrovisions of this Act shall, on conviction thereof, he punished by a fine of not less than $5 nor more than $5o for the first offense. and for each subsequent offense by a fine of not less than $25 nor more than $5oo, or by both fine and imprisonment in the jail of the District of Columbia for a period of not less than one month nor more than six months. in the discretion of the court. " Sec. 5. That all prosecutions for vio-lation of this Act shall he in the police court of the District of Columbia." It may be thought by some that this measure is so drastic in its prohibitions and so distinctly religious in its preamble, that it will have lit-tle chance of favor-able action on the part of Congress ; but we are living in times when the unex-pected is most likely to happen. History teaches us the never-failing maxim, " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." This measure harks back to the times when Puritanism held sway in colonial New England. At that time everybody  was required to observe Sunday accord-ing to the belief of the strictest sect of the seventeenth-century Pharisees ; and men were penalized for nonattendance at church on Sunday; for refusing to give one seventh of their time and one tenth of their income to the church ; for walk-ing or driving on Sunday other than to the church or to the cemetery; for laugh-ing or whistling on Sunday ; for gather-ing sticks and kindling fires on Sunday, even under dire necessity; for kissing their wives on Sunday; and for a hun-dred and one other things. Recently the Connecticut legislature abolished one hundred and thirty-six detailed specifica-tions of what was forbidden on Sunday, but unfortunately it still retains a score of them on its statute books. God gave but one commandment for his people concerning the observance of the Sabbath day, but the scribes and Pharisees added two hundred fifty of their own commandments to the one commandment which God had given, and thereby made Sab- --, bath obligations so Oppressive that even the Son of man did not escape their condemnation. The glory of a for-mal religion is its multiplicity of cere-monies and govern-mental sanctions. No one can fail to see that the Sun-day bill now before the Senate i s a purely religious measure, introŠduced for distinc-t i v e l y sectarian purposes. It is marked by religious phrases and titles in its preamble. The protection of " the Lord's day from desecration " and legislation compelling " its observance as a day of rest," re-fer clearly to religious obligations im-posed upon citizens under civil penalties. No exemption is provided for those who " Even the Son of man did not escape their [scribes and Pharisees] condemnation " 