LIBERTY 95 enforced religious obligations by civil penalties, should now urge Congress to violate the Constitutional guaranties of religious freedom by legislating upon a religious question under the pretext that it is " a civil institution." The Fourth of July is a civil holiday because it is observed in honor of the state, but Sunday is a religious institu-tion observed in honor of 'the resurrec-tion. If Sunday and the Fourth of July are both civil institutions, why not let them rest upon the same basis, and let both be observed patriotically without church interference ? Nobody is com-pelled to refrain from labor or business on the Fourth of July. Why should the churches be more concerned about gen-eral Sunday observance than the obser-vance of the Fourth of July, if both are civil institutions ? Calling a religious in-stitution a civil institution does not make it such, any more than calling a sheep a goat makes it a goat. L. sEE Sti ASunday Flying Legal DISPATCH which appeared in the Washington Ptst of Nov. 7, 1919, stated that a " Philadelphia police magistrate, after ponder-ing ten days over the question, decided that air flying on Sunday does not violate the Pennsyl-vania blue laws of 1794. " ' Birds fly on Sunday,' said the magistrate, ' and I therefore do not see how the law is violated by a birdman who runs an air taxicab on the Sabbath.' " Lieut. John C. Howard, the airman in question, was prosecuted on a charge of violat-ing the blue laws by accepting money for carry-ing passengers on Sunday." This is interesting for several reasons. Observe the reasoning of the police mag-istrate, " Birds fly on Sunday, and I therefore do not see how the law is vio-lated by a birdman who runs an air taxi-cab on the Sabbath." See how it is as-sumed that Sunday is the Sabbath, and the fact recognized that the intent of the law is to protect it as such. That is unquestionably the intent of the Pennsylvania law of 1794, namely, to  require rest on Sunday because of its as-sumed sacred character, something for which there is no Biblical ground; nor would it help matters any if there were, since even in Pennsylvania the state is supposed to guarantee perfect freedom of conscience. Another thing that the magistrate might have taken into consideration is the fact that in the good city of Philadel-phia street cars and surface taxicabs operate as usual on Sunday. Why not an air taxicab B. tV Og 111 Some HistoryŁ Recalled IN these days of trouble and turmoil in every part of the world there is great insistence on the part of many well-meaning people that the only pos-sible remedy of the ills that are falling upon civil society, is governmental rec-ognition of Christ as this world's king, or, in other words, the official adoption of the Christian religion by government, and the practical application of its moral code to governmental affairs. But would that remedy the evil ? Would not such a scheme prove as disappointing now as it did in the early centuries of the Chris-tian era ? ' The same remedy for the then existing evils was tried in Rome. One of our modern historians, writing of the fourth century, says : " When the new faith came to the imperial throne in the person of Constantine the Great, Christians, no doubt, thought with joy that the' day of the Lord was come.' They were but recently released from the reign of the fiercest of all their persecutions. Instead of being hunted and destroyed as enemies of the state, they were now protected and aided by that state. Constantine, too, thought that by the plan which he had followed, unity and peace would be secured throughout the entire em-pire,Š a peace based upon the moral and spirit-ual teachings of the Christian church. But this was not so. Christians on the one side and Constantine on the other were both grievously disappointed. The religion which the emperor had adopted and protected was no sooner in a place of security than religious feuds began - to stir the whole empire into unseemly and disgraceful strife. It is no wonder that Con- 