86  LI;;ERTY ity, but because civil government cannot combine justice and mercy, as Christian-ity must do ; and because it has no com-mand of the superhuman agencies and resources by which alone Christianity can be administered. Christianity requires the mind and the resources of God. Civil government is on an altogether lower plane, having for its purpose not the salvation of souls in heaven, but only the preservation of natural rights on the earth. The shallow statement is often made by the advocates of state religion that if a government is not Christian, it must he antichristian. It would be far more correct to say that when a civil govern-ment undertakes to become Christian, it must become antichristian. For- a gov-ernment must enforce its laws, and when it incorporates the law of God into its code and goes about to enforce that law and execute its penalty on the transgres-sor, it does that which the gospel is de-signed expressly_ to prevent ; hence it must work counter to Christianity, as in-deed every government which combines religion with the civil power has worked in the past. Civil government must be just; but justice alone is not Christianity. Yet justice is not against Christianity, for it is a part of Christianity. God is just, and so strictly just that any injustice on his part would be a denial of his God-head. How shallow, then, to affirm that because a government is not Christian it must be antichristian or atheistic! The government of the United States is in harmony with Christianity, for it seeks to give justice to all classes of its citi-zens; and it will certainly not become more Christian when it denies to any of its people equal rights and privileges with others at the dictates of those who think that only men who believe a cer-tain way are fit to participate in the af-fairs of state. When a government be-comes " Christian " at the expense of justice, it becomes unchristian. " Christian civil government " is only a name for a union of church and state, or of religion and the state, which is  practically the same thing. For when the state becomes Christian, why should it not unite with the Christian church ? And who, if not the Christian church. so  called, will run the state at that time? Who will say what constitutes Christian-ity for the state if not those who define it for the church? There easily can be, and if affairs in this nation continue in their present course, there certainly will be, a union of religion with the civil gov-ernment in this country, and that at no distant date. But the religion of that union will not be Christianity ; and in character and results the union will not be essentially different from the church-and-state unions which have cursed man-kind in the past. The fruit of religious intolerance, of coercion of the conscience by law, never grew upon a good tree. Whatever logic may be invoked, whatever passages of Scripture twisted, to prove that one class of people may rightfully define and en-force religious duties for another class. or that the majority may rightfully co-erce the minority, however small, in reli-gious matters, the fact that such coercion appears as the outcome, is conclusive proof that the system from which it pro-ceeds is unchristian and un-American, a curse to both state and church, and never in any sense a blessing. iV !V Illinois Supreme Court Decision (Concluded from page 75) If Sunday laws are unconstitutional from a legal viewpoint because they are an infringement upon the guaranties of human rights set forth in the Fourteenth Amendment of the national Constitution. then they are doubly unconstitutional be-cause of the First Amendment of the federal Constitution, which prohibits Congress (and by virtue of the prohibi-tions of the Fourteenth Amendment also the State legislatures) from establishing any religious institution by iaw, and com-pelling its citizens to observe the same under penalty. Sunday, as a rest day, is the direct offspring of religion and the church. 