LIBERTY 91 Which he who can, and will, deserves high praise; Who neither can nor will, may hold his peace: What can be juster in a state than this? " The great Milton quoted these lines' from Euripides in his plea to the British Parliament for the freedom of the press. I hope no Milton in this House will re-main " mute and inglorious."Š Congres-sional Record, May 2, 1917, pp. 1707-1709. DRASTIC PENALTIES The President may make up his mind that a certain class of information which the people ought to have might be illegal, and he can so proclaim, and the person then violating it will be subject to the penalty provided by this section. And it will be observed that the penalty provided in this section is somewhat drastic in its terms. It provides that anybody who violates the provisions of the act shall be punished by a fine of not more than $1o,000 or by imprisonment for not more than ten years, or both.Š Comments by Mr. Graham, Congressional Record, May 2, 1917, p. 1713. From a Speech by Hon. Isaac Siegel I am frank to say that I am unalter-ably and irrevocably opposed to section 4 of this bill, which would, according to my construction of its language, prac-tically muzzle the press of the United States during the whole war period. I have implicit faith in the loyalty and patriotism of the newspaper men of America, that they will of their own accord prevent the publication., of such information as would tend in any man-ner or in the slightest degree to aid the enemy. . . It is wise at this time to recall the words of Mr. James M. Beck, who was later Assistant Attorney-General of 'the United States, and who in The Lewis Publishing Company v. Morgan (229 U. S., 288, pp. 292, 293), said: " The First Amendment means, in sub-stance, that no burden or restriction should be imposed upon the press, excepting only in  matters of recognized morality, and subject always to responsibility at common law for libelous statements. The history, which pre-ceded the First Amendment, clearly shows that it was made to prevent a censorship of the press either by anticipation through a licensing system or retrospectively by obstruc-tion or punishment. " To concede to Congress the power . . . to discipline the free press of the country would hereafter mean a stricter and more dangerous censorship, for in the matter of arbitrary power the appetite grows by what it feeds on., II Thomas Jefferson, in 1799, said : " I am for freedom of the press, and against all violations of the Constitution to silence by force and not by reason the complaints or criticisms, just or unjust, of our citizens against the conduct of their agents." And in 1816 he said: " Where the press is free and every man able to read, all is safe." . . . In an article which appeared in the Saturday Evening Post of Feb. 12, 1910, ex-Gov. Joseph W. Folk said : " We are too apt to accept such reforms as trial by jury, freedom of speech, and freedom of religion as matters of course, forgetting the struggle of centuries that brought these things about. It is much easier to lose these blessings than for us to gain them. The evils arising from the abuses of freedom of speech, the stage, and the press are bad enough, to be sure, but not so bad as tyranny. The power of censorship may be abused as well as free-dom, and when that is abused there is tyranny. An aroused public conscience and an educated public opinion must correct these evils. There is little danger from error when public opin-ion is enlightened and reason is free. . . . The right of free speech does not mean only the right to say pleasant things, but the right to say things displeasing to the powers that be." . . . UNFIT TO REPRESENT AMERICAN LIBERTIES In a lengthy editorial the New York American, of April 30, 1917, said in con-clusion : " As you well know, our great Bill of Rights was appended to the Constitution in the form of the ten Amendments, and the very first of these which our fathers so wrote into the supreme law of the land is this: " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting 