LIBERTY 27 which passed the House by a vote of 301 to 1, recites : " That the people of the United States assert as a fundamental principle that the rights of its citizens shall not be impaired at home or abroad because of race or religion." But to as-sert that principle now is merely to re-assert it; for upon that principle the nation was founded. This Russian-treaty controversy has in it a hint for Americans as well as Russians. There has been a decided trend of late years in America toward the violation of the principle asserted in the Sulzer resolution, and the rights of :American citizens at home have been im-paired because of their religion. That  principle is violated wherever an ob-server of the seventh day is compelled to rest also on another day of the week. He has a right to six days' labor. The passage of a Sunday law robs him of one day's labor in the week, and therefore of one day's pay. He is deprived of his rights because of his religious belief. How can we ask Russia to respect the religious rights of American citizens 'if we do not respect them ourselves? No man should be deprived of his civil rights because, of his religious belief; and in asking Russia to observe and respect this principle, let Americans not, by their own course, furnish her an embarrassing an- swer to their protests: c. M. s. An Example Example Worthy of Emulation THE Detroit Free Press, of Dec. 3, 1911, contains an interesting account of a parochial school recently established in Atlanta, Ga., by the North Avenue Presbyterian Church of that city, in which account is plainly outlined the rea-son for the existence of this school: Š Home life has changed, as well as educational methods. Children no longer are drilled in the Bible at home. The Sunday-school actually gives only about twenty minutes a week for Bible study. This means that the children who are passing through what the pedagogues call the memory period are practically without training in the Bible. As is fre-quently pointed out by educators, a new generation of educated Americans is growing up without familiarity with the book from which most literary allusions are taken. Modern education is practi-cally non-religious. The vital ideals that are embodied in the Hebrew and Chris-tian Scriptures are missed by the youth of to-day. Because it felt itself con-fronted by these conditions, the North Avenue church established its own paro-chial school. This movement is one that can not be too highly commended in these times  when there exists such a growing de-mand on the part of many people for the state to introduce religious instruc-tion into the curriculum of the public-school system. There could be no stronger rebuke to those who are seeking to have religious instruction made a part of the curriculum of the public schools of this land, or to the Roman Catholic plea for a division of the public-school funds, than is made by this worthy ex-ample set by this church in establishing and maintaining its own parochial-school system. The parochial-school-system idea also obtains among the Episcopalians, Lu-therans, Seventh-day Adventists, and others without their experiencing any difficulty whatever. The establishing of such schools without state aid shows a supreme respect for the grand principle of the separation of church and state which was enunciated by Jesus Christ when he said, " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's;" and which is also voiced in the First 