LIBERTY 41 :1  ! 9 every turn, until trained to see and feel . and hear. And in the same way our reason, though it is one of the noblest faculties we possess, is not a safe or a sufficient guide hi matters relating to duty and destiny. It needs divine en-lightenment to keep us within safe lines; and it was for this very purpose that God gave us his written Word. But for these many years the Protes-tant world has not used the Bible as a guide to the study of the book of nature. It has not considered spiritual law any higher, or plainer, or more important than the glimpses we can obtain of phys-ical law. It has not considered the moral atrocities involved in the evolution doc-trine any surer or better way of gauging the worthlessness of this theory than the long, devious reasonings and uncertain data connected with biology and geology. With infatuated confidence in the torch-light glimmerings of scientific reasoning, it has berated the Bible, the light of heaven, because it did not sanction the conclusions thus obtained ; and of late years has gone so far as to give up using the Bible in the old-fashioned way, and has demanded a complete reconstruction of theology in accordance with the fash-ionable theories of science. Protestant-ism, which gained her name and her rea-son for existence because she said that the Bible, and the Bible only, should be our guide in all matters of moral and religious belief and practise, has now so far denied the historic doctrine of her origin that she has renounced the Bible for the teachings of so-called modern science. The church which boldly de-fended the Bible against venerable eccle-siastical tradition, has now quietly sur-rendered her guide-book to the noisy arrogance of science. Surely another reformation, a revival of old-time Protes-antism, is the next thing in order. The problem before the world in the six-teenth century was the Bible versus ec-clesiastical tradition ; the twentieth-cen-tury problem is to defend the Bible against the dogmatism and inconsequent reasoning of so-called science. An Unsatisfactory Compromise THE more the man of science reads, the more he suspects that Sir Oliver Lodge is simply giving science away for the sake of reconciliation; and the more the man of religion reads, the more clearly he sees that he is giving religion away. Take the man of religion. Does Sir Oliver Lodge accept the state-ment that the blood of Jesus Christ cleanseth us from all sin? If he does not, there is no reconciliation. The war-den of the marshes is not protecting valu-able territory ; he is simply riding over waste land. He is simply looking after a waste and dreary wilderness, wherein is no water. And how mocking his rec-onciliation to a thirsty traveler! " If any man thirst, let him come unto me and drink." Unto me, and unto me only; for the Son of man came to give his life a ransom. The scientist, if we may use Mr. Johnston Ross's ugly word, has to do with physical things, with things which he can taste, and see, and smell. The religionist has to do with spiritual things, with things which he can not taste or touch. What reconciliation is possible ? The religionist may be also a man of science, and the scientist may become also a religious man. That is the only reconciliation. There is no reconciliation conceivable between things that can not even be compared.Š From a Review of Sir Oliver Lodge's " Man and the Universe," in the Expository Times for December, 1908. ONE of the most interesting of recent discoveries in Egypt is that of the hiero-glyphic record of the seven years of famine described in Genesis. The in-scriptions tell that the Nile did not over-flow for seven years, and that therefore the vegetation withered and failed, the land was devoid of crops, and famine, pestilence, and misery devastated the country. The date of record is 17oo B. c., which is the date of the close of the years of famine as given in the book of Genesis.Š Selected. 