William Penn's House, Fairmount Park, Philadelphia LIBERTY 17 cumstancesi Certainly not those of the young people who play the games [when they have no religious and moral convictions]. For them the competitive exercise is a wholesome outlet for animal spirits. They are helped, not harmed, by what is complained of. No Menace to Morals " Surely there is no menace to the morals of those who voluntarily gather around the play-. ers and look on. There is nothing to degrade the man, woman, or child who pauses in a walk through the park to watch the game and enjoy the sport. The morals of  what they effect and nothing more. The leg-islature of Pennsylvania cannot enact defini-tions of Christianity which anybody is bound to accept. The essence of Christianity is found elsewhere than in the pamphlet laws. " It is one thing to protect worshipers and other God-fearing people from disturbance. It is quite another thing to demand that the chan-cellor shall force upon the great majority of the populace the unpleasant alternative of doing nothing or of spending the day with the insti-gators. . . . Since there is neither reason nor authority to sustain the relators' petition, it is the instigators of this lit-igation are not endan-gered. These instigators and the little company of those who share their views are busy observing Sunday in their own way Š far from the park and from the life of the people The mere fact that the in-stigators know that the distant games are being played can do no harm to them. Righteous indigna-tion never hurt anybody. "Assuredly, the morals of the vast majority of Philadelphians are unaf- fected. Probably not more than one half of one per cent of the population knew of the action of the commissioners until their action was exten-sively advertised by this litigation. If the in-stigators are diligent enough in proclaiming the triumph of immorality, perhaps a few will be-lieve them. But even in that the instigators and not the respondents will be to blame. " The playing of the games is not obtruded upon those who do not approve of them. On the contrary, the places where the games are played are eminently appropriate for the pur-pose. The whole park is a public playground under the control of the commissioners. . . . Nobody need take part in the games or look at them who does not care to do so. If the spectacle offends any one, he may walk for miles in parts of the park where nothing of the sort will meet his eye. Sunday Laws No Part of Christianity " The conception of Sunday entertained by the instigators is no part of our common Chris-tianity. It is repudiated by all Catholics and by an infinitely great proportion of Protestants. To the extent that rigorists can persuade or terrorize the legislature, they may be able to place or retain upon the statute books penal enactments which give comfort to them and discomfort to others. But such laws affect  respectfully suggested that the bill should be dismissed at the cost of the instigators." The court dismissed the petition for an injunction against the opening of the park on Sundays for recreation pur-poses, whereupon the officials of the Lord's Day Alliance proceeded to arrest the boys who participated in the games of recreation, and the issue is now be-fore the supreme court of Pennsylvania. This law is based upon the Act of Charles II of England, and has no proper place in American jurisprudence, where religious observances cannot by right be established by civil law. People ought to be religious, but it is not the function of the civil authorities at the instigation of religious agitators to make people religious according to the tenets of certain religious societies. The ques-tion of Sabbath or Sunday observance is purely a personal matter, and rests en-tirely and properly upon faith and con- viction. C. S. L. 