Two Kinds of Religion Exemplified By Heber H. Votaw THE " eternal vigilance " which is nec-essary to preserve liberty was much needed. The community was deeply stirred. While some taught that right-eousness in individuals might be helped in its development through human law, others denied that such a thing was reasonable or even possible. One class felt justified in insisting on the enact-ment of legislation that would demand that the guardians of the civil law might use force to bring conformity in mat-ters of faith, or at least conformity in its outward manifestations. This class seemed to have more confidence in their political petitions to legislative bodies than in their spiritual prayers to God.  man for that liberty left to us by the founders of the Republic, was leaving the room. Soon he was overtaken by a large man, distinguished by his clerical garb, who with clenched fists and signs of deep emotion said : " Do you claim to be a religious man? " His loud tones and evident agitation drew the crowd close enough to hear the other's rejoin-der, " Yes, sir." The quiet, even tones of the answer stirred him the more, for he cried out, " You, you, a religious man; well, sir, I want none of your kind of religion ! " Quick as a flash, but in unruffled speech, the reply came, " My dear sir, my religion is the kind that you do not have to have if you do " God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life." Another class was confident that if questions of the conscience were to be decided by earthly tribunals, bigotry would run riot in persecution. To af-ford opportunity for hearing both sides of the question, a public debate was ar-ranged. The simple, straightforward presenta-tion of the principles of religious liberty, as set forth in the Scriptures, appealed to the audience, and many changed from proponents to opponents of any union of church and state. The meeting closed, and the spokes- not want it; yours is the kind you seek to ram into a person whether he wants it or not." The effect upon the listeners was elec-trical, and the clergyman seemed com-pletely nonplused. The readiness of the retort made emphatic the truth that it contained; namely, that while men may attempt coercion, God invites, entreats, beseeches. This is made clear in the words of Christ, " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not : for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." John 12: 47. 9 