WIL HEE MIN A, QUEEN OF THE NETHERLANDS AND PRINCESS OF ORANGE-NASSAU LIBERTY upon the establishment of the affirmative of this proposition ; " and yet, with an evident but un-con fessed consciousness tlit the legislation is religious, and can be defended only upon religious grounds, it goes on to say, " It is not believed, however, that the legal and constitutional argu-ment in support of legislation of this character will lose any of its validity if it can be established that the United States has been judicially declared to be a Chris-tian nation." And then the brief immediately proceeds to prove, by quoting some five pages of extracts from the obiter dicta, or " extra-judicial " portion of the Supreme Court decision of 1892, that " this is a Christian nation." Here is a clear case of playing " fast and loose " with facts. Sunday laws are not religious, and their validity is in no way dependent upon its being shown that they have a' religious basis ; and yet legislation " of this char-acter " will not " lose any of its validity" if it can beŁ shown that it has such basis! National Sunday Legislation Unconstitutional The brief further declares that " Sun-day. laws [are] not an invasion of the First Amendment of the Constitution, which declares that Congress shall make no law respecting the [an] establishment of a religion or prohibiting the free ex-exercise thereof,' " and cites a decision of the United States Supreme Court up-holding the constitutionality of a State Sunday law. This is correct so far as State Sun-day laws are concerned. The Constitu-tion of the United States does not forbid the States passing religious laws, or even having religious establishments ; but it does most emphatically forbid Congress  passing any such laws, or attempting to create any such establishments. And this is why the Johnston Sunday bill is unconstitutional. Its friends are not content with the State Sunday laws. They wish Congress to pass a national Sunday law Š the very thing the Consti-tution forbids. In this is shown not only their unacquaintance with the gospel of Jesus Christ Š in seeking to use force in matters of religion Š but either their ignorance of, or their disloyalty to, the Constitution, of the United States itself, and to the principles upon which the national government was founded. A Religious Controversy Involved The brief cites a decision in a certain State, to the effect that Sunday legisla-tion " enters upon no discussion of rival 