LIBERTY 13 " And you ministers are responsible for this absence of soul-life. You have sold your divine birthright for a mess of pottage. . . . You have not stuck to your calling, you run after every scheme of saving the world by fiat, or by vote, or by purchase, or by organization, or by institution, when there is no other name under heaven by which the world can he saved except Christ Jesus ; and if you do not believe that, what are you doing in the Christian ministry? You know ten times as much about the Bible as the Fathers did, but you do not know as much Bible ; you know all the theories of prayer, but you do not pray. You are the victims of every fad ; you had rather quote Browning than Jesus Christ ; you had rather lecture on the  north pole than to preach the gospel ; you had rather write a popular novel than to write a sermon; you ride your hobbies, you get up excursions, you give entertainments, you take up an agency or run a hotel, anything, everything, ex-cept sticking to your calling to which you are called of God." All of the great reformers and relig-ious leaders who have preached the pure gospel of God's Word, untainted by higher criticism, have invariably faced full pews, and the sound methods used by these men of God to draw large au-diences are the only ones which will fill our churches to-day, and yield an abun-dant harvest of consecrated lives, and save souls. Washington, D. C. James Madison on a Modern Problem W. F. MARTIN OF all the patriots whose names are evil to both, and a fatal departure from an honor to the American roll of states-  principles he held sacred." men, none stand higher than James He made a speech against the assess- Madison. He was not only a patriot, ment, going exhaustively into the sub-but one of the best scholars of his time. ject. He contended that religion is not He was, withal, an earnest Christian. A within the province of the civil power, good portion of his early studies was and that every attempt of the kind tends given to theology. A firm belief in the necessarily to encourage projects of com-Deity and faith in the Bible run through pulsory uniformity, and further, that re-all his writings. Madison was an un-  ligion needs no earthly props. His rea-compromising opponent of a union of soning was not whether religion is neces- church and state. sary, but that religious establishments by At the session of the Virginia Legis-  law are not necessary for the good of lature held in 1784 there was a strong religion. He proved from history that effort made for the enactment of a law religion had been invariably corrupted to assess the people of the State for the by legal establishments. In the course support of teachers of the Christian re-  of his great speech, he showed that as ligion. At the same session a concerted the benefits from the proposed law were move was made to reestablish the Church to go to Christian societies, it would de-of England. Nearly all the rising states-  volve upon the courts to decide what men, such as Patrick Henry and John constitutes Christianity. In so doing, Marshall, favored these measures. Mad-  they would need to decide what was her-ison opposed them. His biographer, in esy. That would be destructive of the speaking of this, says : " He was an en-  rights of private conscience. The ques-lightened believer in the truth and di-  tion was laid over till the next meeting vine authority of the Christian system; of the legislature. In the interim Mad-but in an enforced union between relig-  ison wrote a memorial against the meas-ion and the state he saw only omens of ure, and sent it to the people to be signed 