6  LIBERTY I have been asked to write about the statute for establishing religious free-dom, prepared by Thomas Jefferson, and enacted by the State of Virginia in 1786, about eight years after it was drafted. Let me quote you the statute : Ñ " That the general assembly do enact that no man shall be compelled to fre-quent or support any religious worship, place, or ministry whatsoever, nor shall be enforced, restrained, molested, or burthened in his body or goods, nor shall otherwise suffer, on account of his re-ligious opinions or belief; but that all men shall be free to profess, and by argu-ment to maintain, their opinions in mat-ters of religion ; and that the same shall in no wise diminish, enlarge, or affect their civil capacities." The conciseness of Jefferson's style is well illustrated in this statute. Read it over. There is not a superfluous word, and yet there is enough to guard re-ligious liberty. It is not strange that this doctrine, so well set forth by Jefferson more than a century ago, is now a part of the constitution and bill of rights of every State of this Union. Not only is that today the law of this land, but it is spreading throughout the world. It was only a short time ago that the czar of Russia issued a decree in which he ac-knowledged the right of all the subjects of his empire to worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences ; and I believe that when we come to measure the relative importance of things,Ñ the importance of an act like that, the very foundation upon which we build religious liberty,Ñ the importance of an act like that, which, gradually spreading, has become the creed of ninety millions of people, and is ultimately to become the creed of all the world,Ñwhen we come to consider the vast im-portance of a thing like that, how can we compare lands or earthly possessions with it ? In the preamble of this statute Jeffer-son set forth the main reasons urged by those who believed in religious freedom. Let me call attention to some of the more  important ones. He said, in the first place, that to attempt to compel people to accept a religious doctrine, by act of law, was to make, not Christians, but hypocrites. That was one of the reasons, and it was a strong one. He said, too, that there was no earthly judge who was competent to sit in a case and try a man for his religious opinions; for the judg-ment of the court, he said, would not be a judgment of law, but would be the per-sonal opinion of the judge. What could be more true? No man who has reli-gious convictions himself bears them so lightly that he can lay them aside and act as a judge when another man's religious convictions are involved. Then he sug-gested Ñ and I think I am justified in elaborating upon this suggestion a mo-ment Ñ that religion does not need the support of government to enable it to overcome error. Let me give the exact words of his report, for I cannot change them without doing injury to them : Ñ " And finally that truth is great and will prevail if left to herself ; that she is the proper and sufficient antagonist of error, and has nothing to fear from the conflict unless by human interposition disarmed of her natural weapons, free argument and debate; errors ceasing to be dangerous when it is permitted freely to contradict them." Tell me that Jefferson lacked reverence for religion ! He rather lacks reverence who believes that religion is unable to defend herself in a contest with error. He places a low estimate upon the strength of religion who thinks that the wisdom of God must be supplemented by the force of man's puny arm. Jefferson paid a tribute to the power of truth when he said that truth is able to overcome error in the open field ; and it was this sublime confidence in the tri-umph of truth that distinguishes him from many of the other great men of his time. In fact, of all the men who have lived upon this earth I know of no man who has surpassed Jefferson in his con-fidence in the ultimate triumph of truth ; and upon what can people build if not 