LIBERTY 155 a chance to get a poor fellow's money before midnight Saturday night, and then get rid of him by giving him a bottle and sending him home, where in the pres-ence of the family he may distribute liq-uor freely all day Sunday, " as an act of hospitality," to all who may assemble, not at the saloon, but at " one's own home." In the paragraph following exemp-tion " v " it is provided that none of the twenty-two clauses of exemptions shall preclude the legislature, or any county, city and county, city or town, from en-acting " any more restrictive law or or-dinance," nor shall " any more restrictive law " which in the future may be passed, general or local, be nullified by these ex-emptions. In other words, this law is the opening wedge. Every one of its exemptions may be swept away. All religious legislation is bad, and always tends to injustice and persecution. Religion is a matter between man and his God, and beyond the power of civil sti  government ; for if the government could compel a man to perform some duty to God, it could not compel God to do any-thing for man. Leave all people free in matters of religion, so long as they do not interfere with the rights of others; We congratulate the people of Califor-nia upon the fact that their legislature will not be required to pass this unwise legislation, and we urge the friends of religious liberty to conduct such a cam-paign of education throughout the State as will render ineffective any future ef- fort to enforce a religious observance by law. It is passing strange that any who have read the history of religious perse-cution in the past can be willing to open the door for the repetition of such in-human acts. Let the state attend to civil affairs, and leave religious concerns alone. American Federation of Catholic Societies In Session at Louisville, THE convention of the American Fed-eration of Catholic Societies held in Louisville, Ky., was the eleventh annual session. There is no question that this new Catholic organization is a growing and vigorous one. It now claims a mem-bership of nearly three millions, and has its organizations in most of the States, and in Alaska, Porto Rico, and Hawaii. The two things made most prominent in this convention were the fealty and obedience of the federation's members to the Pope and his personal representa-tive, and the utility and ability of the organization in bringing about in this country the paramount purpose of the church. The federation's mammoth procession, held on Sunday afternoon, was indicative of its strength, but not of its numbers. This may seem paradoxical; but the fact was that in that procession was very much that belonged to professed Prot- Ky., Aug. 18-21, 1912 estants and other non-Catholics. A resi-dent of Louisville, who knew by experi-ence, told the writer that the business men felt ' it necessary to permit their teams or horses to appear in the parade, lest their business should be boycotted in the future. So this parade, in which much non-Catholic property appeared, represented in this particular Rome's power to accomplish her purpose ; and Protestants and other non-Catholics con-tributed to make this Roman holiday. It was a shock to many of the people of Louisville to see such a parade, in-cluding marching soldiers and rumbling cannon, winding through the streets of their city and past their churches on Sun-day but no public protest was voiced, and no one was arrested for doing un-necessary work on Sunday. To make the procession and the con-vention more spectacular, the governor of the State. the lieutenant-governor, the 