134 LIBERTY the Sixty-third Congress of the United States, Senator Johnston, of Alabama, whose former Sunday bill died with the close of the previous Congress, introduced another Sunday bill for the District of Columbia. The present proposed law is the bill prepared by the Lord's Day Al- liance of the United States. It will be difficult to disguise the religious charac-ter of this measure in view of the fact that it is put forth by a body of religious men for the purpose of compelling the observance of a religious institution. C. M. S. IV ME tV What Some Others Think of Sunday Legislation (Concluded from page 118) laws be enacted by Congress, so zealously contended for from time to time during the last half-century." Speaking of the " Christian nation de-cision," the editor further says : Š " The doctrine of the absolute sepa-ration of church and state, and the en-tire lack of federal jurisdiction to legis-late upon or to meddle with matters of religious faith and practise, so clear-cut in the earlier days of our history, is now sought to be assailed by some persons and religious bodies upon the ground that the Supreme Court of the United States has declared this to be a Christian na-tion; and therefore that Congress would be justified in passing laws for the en-forcement of what are deemed to be the practises and obligations of Chris-tianity. In point of fact the Supreme Court of the United States has never laid down any such doctrine, and has never had occasion to declare it. The claim comes from certain expressions put forth by the late Justice Brewer, which did not involve the consideration of any such theory or point of law whatsoever. In giving an opinion upon the question be-fore that court, which was regarding the construction to be held as to the immi-gration laws forbidding the entrance into this country of certain aliens, Justice Brewer took occasion, after declaring the opinion of the court upon the main point of controversy, to travel outside of the issue thus decided and by what is known in law as obiter dictum express the opin-ion that this is a Christian country, infer-entially holding that Christianity and its ordinances were a part of and within the  jurisdiction of federal government au-thority and operation. " What he thus said has no force whatever in the realm of legal decision, is binding upon no court of this land, af-fords no precedent whatsoever to any legal authority, State or national, and when carefully read and digested is in-consistent with the recognized judicial authorities of the land and with the his-tory of this country. The integrity and high character of this eminent justice really cloaks this declaration with un-due value and authority; and what he said was largely inspired by his zeal for the Christian religion." It is contended by champions of Sun-day laws that the wishes of the majority should prevail in this country, even if the religious and civil rights of a minority are interfered with. A very pointed comment on such an argument was made by Senator John Sharp Williams, of Mississippi, on the floor of the Senate: Š " I am not one of those who believe that tyranny is a particle sweeter be-cause it is the tyranny of the majority. I believe, with old Roger Williams, that there are two classes of things in this worldŠthe things of the first table and the things of the second table. The things of the first table are those things which are between God and the individ-ual man, and government has no right to touch them. If 99,999,999 of the peo-ple out of ioo,000,000 wanted to do any-thing in connection with them and one man stood up in his right and said ' No,' then that one man's voice should restrain all the rest. Amongst these things are 