4 LIBERTY ent schools shall be in the hands of lay teachers rather than in the hands of priests and nuns. The Church is oppo-sing this, just as she is the American pub-lic-school system based upon the same principle. Ł - THIS magazine is sent out only on pre-paid orders. Any one receiving this journal who has not personally sub-scribed for it, may know, therefore, that some .friend has subscribed for him ; that the price has been paid ; that he will not be asked to pay for it ; and that at the end of the time specified on the label, the journal will be stopped unless ordered renewed, and the order paid for in ad-vance. IMMEDIATELY after the close of the World's Christian Citizenship Confer-ence held at Philadelphia, Rev. Dr. S. F. Scovel, the chairman of the conference and president of the National Reform Association, was called away by death. Dr. Scovel was a scholarly churchman, a gentleman whom we learned greatly to respect as a man in spite of the great dif-ference in our positions in the matter of liberty of conscience. ON December 7 there was unveiled in Lafayette Square, Washington, D. C., a bronze statue of Baron Friedrich Wil-helm von Steuben, a distinguished officer of the German army. Baron von Steu-ben became the drill-master of the Amer-ican army, and it was under his efficient tutelage that the undisciplined army of the Revolution grew into an effective or-ganization and brought victory and free-dom out of discouragement and seeming defeat. In his letter to the American Congress he said : " The only motive I have in coming to this continent is the desire to serve a people engaged in such a noble war for its rights and liberty. I ask neither title nor money. My one  ambition is to win, with my blood, the honor that my name may be found among the defenders of your freedom." He won that honor and occupies that place in the history of this nation and in the hearts of its people. And while Amer-icans honor Von Steuben, let them not forget that the liberty he helped to win can not be preserved without unshrinking allegiance to the fundamental principles on which the nation he fought for was founded Š equal and exact justice to all, and the complete separation of the church from the functions of govern-ment. --111-411.11ŁŁ-Ł  THERE are some interesting facts con-tained in the article by J. N. Loughbor-ough in the department of General Ar-ticles. As the Creator made provision for the salvation of repentant sinners be-fore sin actually developed in this world, so the warning against the dangers of church and state union in this nation was ready and being given before the organ-ization of the association whose purpose it is to unite civil and religious things in this country. THE theatrical fraternity has at last staged a play, " La Samaritaine " (The Samaritan), in which actors representing Christ and his apostles are put before the footlights. In this play the one imper-sonating the Saviour is represented as bringing about the conversion of a woman of evil life, and imitates before the audience the performance of the Saviour's miracles. This turning of our Lord's great work into farce-comedy, to enhance box-office receipts, illustrates the lengths to which unbridled commercial-ism will go. The most sacred and essen-tially divine things this world possesses are turned into the channels of barter and greed and gain. The livery of heaven is stolen to cloak the worshiper at the altar of Mammon. The spirit in 