LIBERTY 61 form of religious worship practiced or held sacred by any citizens of the United States." Mark you, I said any reasonable man. Mr. Gallivan Gives His Reason Now according to the report of the Post-master-General, " many thousand petitions and complaints have been received during the year against certain newspapers which deal with religious and other questions, in a manifestly coarse, defamatory, and scurrilous manner." That is why my bill is here, and if there is not law enough in the land to permit the Postmaster-General to bar that sort of stuff from the mails, I come here before a commit-tee of reasonable men and ask the committee to see that a law is enacted or at least reported to Congress, which will give the Postmaster-General the power to debar such scandalous, scurrilous, indecent, and immoral literature from the mails. . . . I am informed, Mr. Chairman, that during the campaign a few months ago literature of that very kind was widely circulated through-out Congressional districts of this country, and it may be interesting to certain members of this committee to know that as a consequence of the circulation of that kind of literature, forty-eight Democratic Congressmen were de-feated, either at the primaries or on election day. Now I believe it is time that either the Post-office Department or the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads do something. What I do here today I do on my own initia-tive. If any gentleman of the committee de-sires what Judge Finley asked my predecessor to produce, it is within the power of the com-mittee to summon the Postmaster-General be-fore the committee, and have him produce the character of the literature which he described under the heading " obscene and scurrilous matter." We are not here to parade any vaudeville show or to afford entertainment for a multitude who may have come expecting to see some excitement. . . . Mr. Finley : I observe that in your bill 2078o you use the words " or are represented to be a reflection on any form of religious worship practiced or held sacred by any citizens of the United States." May I ask how far the gen-tleman would extend that language under its application if enacted into law? Mr. Gallivan: As far as I have extended it in the language in the bill. Mr. Finley: Well of course the gentleman had in his mind the proper limitation when he drew his bill? Mr. Gallivan : I would be willing to leave that to the committee. . . . Mr. Finley well understood the dan-gerous features of the bills under con-sideration, and emphasized one of them in the above questions. To enact a law  which would authorize the Postmaster-General to exclude every publication from the mail which might be repre- sented as publishing a reflection upon any form of religion, would be a stag- gering blow to the press of America, both secular and religious; and it would be a blow from which there would be practically no recourse. When a publi- cation has been denied the use of the mails, it is practically impossible to re-cover that right, even when its denial was an unjust one. Another dangerous and unjust feature of the bill was brought out in the following dialogue : Š Religious Controversies to Be Settled by a Government Official Mr. Finley : Your bill 20780 would neces-sarily make the Postmaster-General the judge as to what was or was not a religious ques-tion ? Mr. Gallivan : Yes, sir. Mr. Finley: Does not the gentleman think that would be a very serious burden to place On the Postmaster-General? Mr. Gallivan : I do not know much about the average Postmaster-General. I have only been a member of Congress a few months. Mr. Finley: Well, on any one man in the world? Mr. Gallivan : The brains of a man who runs the Post-office Department of this coun-try ought to be heavy enough to answer the question. Mr. Finley: So it will be left to him in your bill 20780 to decide what was or was not a religious body, or something held sacred by any citizen of the United States? Mr. Gallivan: I would be perfectly willing to leave it to him; yes, sir. I am not finicky over those things. The Chairman : As I understand it, the pur-pose of the bill is to enable the government to intervene in controversies of a political, religious, or other character, and vest power in a government official to determine what matter relating to such questions shall be mailable or not mailable. Mr. Gallivan: No, sir. I do not want the government to interfere in any religious or political quarrels. I did not say so. I am not asking the government to interfere any-where. I am calling the committee's attention to the Postmaster-General's report, a part of which I have read here. The Chairman : Then what is the purpose of your bill? We know what his report is. Mr. Gallivan: Then you know what my bill is. The Chairman : I want to get at the facts. 