THE SPIRIT OF 1776 - SIGNING THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE 158 LIBERTY tail this priceless boon, whether Catholic or Protestant, does not measure up to the requirements of the age. . . . Stand for Principle I range myself on the side of those who battle for religious freedom. . . . I stand with Roger Williams and the other leaders of the great Baptist Church, which church did more for religious free-dom in America than any other sect. . . . I stand with William Penn, the Quaker founder of Pennsylvania, who said, " I abhor two principles in religion : the first is obedience to authority without convic-tion, and the other is destroying them that differ from me for God's sake." . I stand with Alexander Campbell, founder of the Christian (Disciples) Church, as he says, " There is nothing more genial to civil liberty than to enjoy an unre-strained, unembargoed liberty of exer-cising the conscience fully upon all sub-jects respecting religion." I believe, with Chancellor Kent, that " civil and religious liberty generally go hand in hand, and the suppression of either for any length of time will termi-nate the existence of the other." I agree with Daniel Webster when he says, " It is established as our principle that a man's religion is a matter above human law, because he is responsible to none but his Maker for it." I am in accord with the words of James G. Blaine, as follows : " I abhor  the introduction of anything that looks like a religious test or qualification for office in a republic where perfect free-dom of conscience is the birthright of every citizen." I stand with Macaulay, English statesman and historian, who, Protestant strongly as he was, ever raised his voice in the English Parliament in behalf of persecuted Catholic and Jew, and in one of his fervent speeches said, " For my own part, I will give a stren-uous support in this House to any at-tempt to take away any civil disability imposed upon men in consequence of their religious opinions." And at another time, with equal force, Macaulay used these words : " Infliction of any penalties on account of religious opinion is persecution, and I cannot conceive any argument to be adduced in favor of the mildest degree of this injustice, which, log-ically speaking, though n o t morally, indeed. might not be used with equal force in favor of the most cruel inflictions from similar motives." And these sentiments. my friends, concurred in by the best thought of the world, should meet the approval of all lovers of liberty, and especially of all who live beneath the folds of our flag, which represents, among other things, first and foremost the principle, the American principle, of religious freedom. Let us as citizens of this land stand together with our feet firmly fixed on this rock, guaranteeing to every man the rights we claim for ourselves, remembering, in the words of William McKinley, that " that citizen is the best citizen who does his best, who follows the light as God gives him to see the light, and freely accords to others the rights and privileges which he claims for himself." Let us remember that the American principle of religious liberty is for all. 