14 LIBERTY an insult to God to perform a religious duty at the dictation of the state. As we do not owe religion to the state, the state has no right to regulate the performance of religious duties. I may perform every religious act a state requires of me and yet be as guilty before God as though I had performed none of them. Why?ŠBecause it is the heart God looks upon rather than the genuflections ; and when religious forms and ceremonies are car-ried out at the behest of an earthly power, such performance is a mockery of religion, and as such a positive of-fense to heaven. He who goes through a religious form because the state com-mands it, is worshiping the state and not God, and is an idolater. Therefore when the state commands the observance of a sabbath, and men ob-serve the day because the state com-mands it, they obey the power that issues the command, and render up their obe-dience Š their worship Š to the state. That is idolatry, and the one who does it is as truly an idolater as any that have ever been ; for obedience in religion is worship. That is what is involved in every Sunday law that has ever been passed by a legislature or commanded by a monarch. C. M. S. National Reform Principles Blameworthy WHEN a government sets itself up as the administrator of the affairs of the kingdom of God, it invariably takes such liberties with the people's rights and with justice itself as a common secular government would not attempt to take. The fact that the government assumes to stand in the place of God seems to make it insensible to the cry of the oppressed or to the legitimate desires of human hearts. And the fact that this is so proves in itself that the govern-ment which presumes to dictate in the  religious affairs of the people, does not represent God, but rather misrepresents him, and presents his character and his purpose in a false light to the people. Just now the Russian government, which is operated on the principles of the National Reform Association, so far as the mingling of religious and civil things in the government is concerned, is exiling the Jews from their homes by the thousand. Jews who have been liv-ing and doing business in certain cities for many years were given until the fourteenth of June to leave their busi-ness and their homes and gather within certain prescribed districts. Of 1,15o Jewish families living in the city of Kief, only 170 families are permitted to remain there. Many of these were com-pelled to leave within twenty-four hours of the time of receiving notice. In some cases they have been prevented by the police from re-entering their own homes to obtain such property as they could carry away with them. Infant children of commercial travelers have been sent away from the city on the ground that their fathers, being absent, have lost the right of residence. The injustice of such a ruling is shown by the fact that such a rule does not apply to members of the Greek Catholic Church. They do not lose their right of residence because their employment takes them from home a large part of the time. And yet the government which does that professes to represent God; but he who has a keen sense of justice, right-eousness, and truth, and sees such acts set forth as the acts of God's represent-atives, is more likely to hate God than to love him, and hate him not because of what he really is, but because of what such a government sets him forth as being. And for that hatred of God which so many cherish in their hearts, the religion-and-state government is to blame. It has misrepresented God ; it 