POPE PITS I X Who in his encyclical of Dec. 8, 1864, condemned freedom of conscience, of speech, and of the press LIBERTY The author of this book gave as an ex-planation for leaving out of the new edi-tion much that was printed in the old, that " the ' New General History ' is not so full of matter as the General History,' and this has been brought about by the desire of the teachers to have more maps, more charts, and more pictures,"Š a very re-markable reason for suppressing important truths of history. But on examining the two histories we find that the new volume has, in addition to maps, charts, and pic-tures, some two hundred and twenty-five more pages of solid reading-matter than the old history. And what is very remark-able in the insertion of new pictures, while there is ample room for the picture of Charles V, the would-be destroyer of Protestantism, and for the pictures of kings and popes, hermits, knights, cru-saders, musketeers, pikemen, poets, and nov-elists, is that there should have been found in the new Anderson no room for the pic-ture of Martin Luther, the founder of Prot-estantism, or for the picture of John Wyclif or of John Huss. The Chairman. The substitu-tion of one book for the other was made by the same commit-tee that removed Mr. Travis? Rev. Dr. Dunn. Yes, sir. The Chairman. And " Ander-son's New General History " was substituted for Swinton's? Rev. Dr. Dunn. Yes, sir. The Chairman. Mr. Swin-ton's book was removed on ac-count of some alleged error touching the doctrine of indul-gences, was it not? Rev. Dr. Dunn. Yes, sir. The Chairman. What does " Anderson's New General His-tory " say on that subject, if anything? Rev. Dr. Dunn. From the account I have just read, you will observe the word " indulgence " is not even mentioned in " Anderson's New General History." The Chairman. Is " Anderson's New General History " a history of the world, or is it a history of any particular period? Rev. Dr. Dunn. It is an outline of gen-eral history. The Chairman. How large a work is it? Rev. Dr. Dunn. It was originally a work of about four hundred and nineteen pages. It is now a book of about six hundred and eighty-five pages.Š Religion and Schools; Notes of Hearings, pages 68-70. Washing-ton: Government Printing Office, 188g. The Index Expurgatorius Many Americans are not fully aware of the history back of Rome's censorship of all literature throughout the world, biblical, historic, and scientific. In the city of Rome there meets on Monday of each week what is called " The Sacred Congregation of the Index," the meet- ings being presided over by either a car-dinal or the Pope himself. This com-mittee determines " what books shall be permitted to be published, read, and studied throughout the Roman Catholic world, and what shall be forbidden." (Lansing's " Romanism and the Repub-lic," p. 222.) In the year 1411 Pope Gregory XII issued a bull of excom-munication against " all persons who either printed, or possessed, or read her-etical books." This bull was " renewed, with additions," by Pope Pius V, and-again by Pope Urban VIII, in 1627, and finally by Pope Pius IX, October 12, 1859. The first article of this bull reads as follows : Š We excommunicate and anathematize, in the name of God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and by the authority of the blessed apostles, Peter and Paul, and by our own, all Wy-clifites, Hussites, Lutherans, Calvinists, Huguenots, Anabap-tists, and all other heretics, by whatsoever name they are called, and of whatsoever sect they be; and also, all schis-matics, and those who with-draw themselves, or recede ob-stinately from the obedience of the Bishop of Rome; as also their adherents, receivers, fa-vorers, and generally any de-fenders of them; together with all who, without the authority of the Apostolic See, shall, knowingly, READ, KEEP, OR PRINT ANY OF THEIR BOOKS which treat on religion, or for any cause whatever, publicly or pri-vately, on any pretense or color, defend them.Š Id., pages 222, 223. A copy of this "Index Librorum Ex-p urgandornin," printed at Rome in 16o8, was reprinted a few years ago in Dublin, and was on sale in London. A reliable authority states that " it consists principally of emendations of the works of Roman Catholic writers, and of the fathers." Also that " among the pro-hibited articles in modern catalogues are the works of Bacon, Locke, and Milton, ' Robertson's History of Charles V,' ' Gibbon's Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire,' Lady Morgan's Italy,' and Walton's Polyglot Bible.' " It is also a fact that some of the writings of Fenelon, Pascal, Dupin, Fleury, Bossuet, and Abbe Alfred Loisy, are too liberal to be permitted to circulate in Italy. 