JUSTICE BREWER, OF THE U. S. SUPREME COURT, WHO WROTE THE DECISION THAT THIS IS " A CHRISTIAN NATION " LIBERTY 13 was given immediately preceding the change of attitude of the papacy. That change of attitude began to be manifest on July II, 1892. The interpretation of the Constitution which brought it about was rendered by the Supreme Court of the United States the twenty-ninth day of Feb-ruary of the same year. That court on that date declared it to be the " meaning " of the Constitution of the United States that " this is a religious nation," " a Chris-tian nation," a n d that it is proved to be so by the voice of the people and in "organic ut-terances." It set forth the work done by Catholic explor-ers and missionaries as among the rea-sons for arriving at .its decision. In reaching its deci-sion, however, the Protestant principle of the separation of church and state was totally ignored. That declaration, coming f r o m the highest legal body in the land, stating that " this is a Christian n a-tion," and that the Constitution itself shows that it is, must stand forth as the reason and only reason for the remarkable change in the attitude of Rome toward our nation and its Constitution. Rome has not changed; but our Constitution has been made to mean what it never could mean when interpreted by Protestant principles Šby the principles of the men who framed it and adopted it. " AMONG all the religious persecutions with which almost every page of modern history is stained, no victim ever suffered but for the violation of what government denominated the law of God."Š U. S. Sen-ate Report, 1829. Conscience Free G. B. THOMPSON SOMEBODY has said, " You can forge a crowbar on an anvil, but you can not ham-mer out a conscience." These words teach a principle which we will do well to remember. Conscience is that power or faculty in a man by which he is enabled to distinguish between right and wrong. It is the conviction in his own heart between right and wrong. You can n o t administer a conviction to a man by force. A man may be compelled to do a certain relig-ious act, but unless his judgment is con-.vinced, he has done violence to his con-science. The Lord has never given to man the right to invade the inner man, the conscience. This is a fortress, so to speak, which he alone has the right to enter. And this he does, not by force, but through the medium of his Holy Spirit, to per-suade, and convince man of his duty on moral questions. A little reflection is all that is neces- sary to cause us to see the wicked principles underlying all the attempts made by so-called National Re-formers to compel men by law to do right in religious matters. They may succeed in making men hypocritical, but in no sense of the word have they made them truly religious. " Whatsoever is not of faith is sin." Mark the words, "is sin." This is easily illustrated. Suppose National Reformers, some of whom pray, and believe in the effi-cacy of prayer, should secure the enactment of a law which would compel all to pray. Imagine some profane person seized by a minion of the law, and by force made to 