LIBERTY 137 That Congress has power to regulate the mail, and prescribe what shall be carried therein, I do not deny ; but I insist that this power is confined to the material, not the moral matter to be conveyed. . . . Is a letter or package, when left in a post office, the property of the United States or the Post-office Department? Š Surely not ; no one will contend for this. It is, then, the property of the person to whom it is directed, and the United States has given a solemn Constitu-tional pledge that it will convey it to him, without permitting its contents to be inspected or suffering it in any degree or manner to be detained or injured. Sir, what would be thought of the honor or even honesty of an individual who would re-ceive a letter or printed document, under a general or special promise that he would de-liver it safely to the person to whom it was directed, and should afterwards retain or de-stroy it because he should be of the opinion it contained offensive matter. (April 13, 1836.) Senator John Davis of Massachusetts gave a ringing speech on the liberty of the press. He said, in part: Š Will not the proposed law invade the liberty of the press? If, under the post-office power, there is a right to exclude from the mail news-papers of a certain class, then there is a right to exclude all, and thus frustrate the diffusion of intelligence, and very much abridge the power and influence of the press.. . . The framers [of the Constitution] made no provision regarding it [the press] ; but so jeal-ous were the States of the rights to freedom of speech and the liberty of the press, that they were unwilling to be silent in regard to them, lest they should by construction be in-vaded. They therefore demanded an amend-ment which, among other things, contains the language which I will read : " Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech or of the press." Abridging is a strong word; it means that Congress shall not diminish the freedom of the press. The freedom of the press must stand, then, as broad as it was when the Constitution was made. The right is reserved, and we are forbidden to touch it. All grants were made clearly on condition that this privilege was to remain unimpaired. The plain sense of the matter is that the power to establish a post office is a grant, but was not to be so used as to abridge the liberty of the press. If either must give way in a conflict, the grant must yield to the reservation. . . . The press is the great organ of a free people. It is the medium through which their thoughts are communicated, through which they act upon one another, and by which they reason with, instruct, and move each other. It rouses us to vigilance, warns us of danger, rebukes  the aspiring, encourages the modest, and, like the sun in the heavens, radiates its influence over the whole country. The people viewed it as vital to a republic, and gave it the mail as an auxiliary. . . . What, Mr. President, are the reasons uni-formly given for abridging the liberty of the press? Just the same we have heard in this debate; because it sends forth incendiary, in-flammable publications, disturbing the peace, and corrupting the public mind. All censor-ships are established under the plausible pre-tense of arresting evils too glaring and flagi-tious to be tolerated ; religion, morals, virtue, are in danger, and the public good demands interference. Great principles fundamental in their character are thus assailed on proof of abuses which no doubt at all times exist ; and when once through such pretenses a breach is made, the citadel falls. This was the reason for leaving nothing uncertain in the Constitu-tion for denying the right to abridge the lib-erty of the press, come what might. (April 12, 1836.) The eminent Daniel Webster was a member of the Senate when this bill was discussed. He " contended that the bill conflicted with that provision 'in the Con-stitution which prohibited Congress from passing any law to abridge the freedom of speech or of the press. What was the freedom of the press? he asked. It was the liberty of printing as well as the lib-erty of publishing, in all the ordinary modes of publication; and was not the circulation of papers through the mails an ordinary mode of publication? He was afraid that they were in some dan-ger of taking a step in this matter that they might hereafter have cause to re-gret, by its being contended that what-ever in this bill applies to publications touching slavery, applies to other pub-lications, and the States might think proper to prohibit; and Congress might, under the influence of this example, be called upon to pass laws to suppress the circulation of political, religious, or any other description of publications which produced excitement in the States. . . . It was not in accordance with that pro-vision of the instrument under which the freedom of speech and of the press was secured." He further said that " any law distin-guishing what shall or what shall not go 