38 LIBERTY the light to guide through the darkness of this world, the personal instruction of a loving Father, the revealer of the true way to the kingdom of God, setting forth that life which is our pattern in right-eousness and true holiness, and that Sa-viour who is able to save to the uttermost all who come unto God through him. C. M. S. Religion and State in Turkey REPORTS from Albania indicate that the merciless tenets of the Mohammedan faith are spreading death and desolation in that mountain province. Thousands upon thousands of Albanians have fled into Montenegro to escape the terrible vengeance of the Moslem soldiery. Here are religion and the state in perfect union, and the same result follows that has always followed such an alliance,Špersecution, torture, destruction, and death. Why should the world need fur-ther lessons to prove that whenever re-ligion and the state are united, religion is debauched and the state is degraded? Spain Tired of National Reformism A PETITION signed by 150,000 Span-iards has been presented to the Spanish legislature, asking for absolute religious freedom. Of these petitioners, at least 120,000 must have been Roman Catholics, for there are only 30,000 non-Catholics in all Spain. The conditions which have existed in Spain for centuries are the very conditions which will obtain in America if ever national reformism is brought to a successful issue. Spain knows what national reformism is from practical experience. The fruit of its operation there has put Spain at the rear of the procession of the nations. Now her people are turning against it; and yet in America, where the opposite prin-ciple, which has placed America at the  very front of the procession, has been in practise for more than a century, power-ful organizations are at work to abolish the very guaranties for which weary, struggling, tortured Spain is asking to-day. Spain, where the principles of na-tional reformism were carried out by the Papacy to such an extent that the work of the Reformation was blocked, and the Inquisition flourished at the expense of human liberty and the g6spel ; Spain, whose bravest and best were made food for flames and dungeons through groan-ing centuries, has sickened of the spec-tacle, and her people are asking for absolute religious freedom Š even for heretic Protestants. The world moves ; but while some parts of it are moving for-ward, others are moving backward. Fears Well Grounded SOME of those who are most deeply interested in conditions in Turkey as regards religious liberty, do not share the feelings of those who think that liberty, equality, and fraternity will now take the place of hatred, oppression, and mas-sacre. The trouble is that the Koran itself makes it practically impossible for Christians and Mohammedans to live to-gether in peace where Mohammedanism is dominant. The patriarch of the Ar-menian Church is quoted as saying the declaration of lofty principles may for a time deceive Europe as the Turks have in the past, but will never inspire con-fidence on the part of those who know from past experience that Western civ-ilization is inapplicable to Turkish so-ciety so long as the Mohammedan canon law remains as a tenet of the national constitution. The fears of the Armenian patriarch are well founded ; for Moham-medanism is a union of religion and the state, and no government that has had such a union has ever dealt justly with 