LIBERTY "Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Leo. 25 : 10. Vol,. XII FIRST QUARTER, 1917 No. Decision of the Supreme Court of Oklahoma Guar- anteeing Religious Liberty to Sabbatarians BY THE EDITOR TnE supreme court of criminal appeals of the State of Oklahoma has just handed down a very important decision in the case of G. J. Krieger et al. v. the State of Oklahoma. This decision is a reversal of the Blaine County court which con-demned G. J. Krieger and son, who are Sabbatarians, because they conducted a general mercantile business at Hitchcock, Okla., and exposed their merchandise for sale on Sunday. The supreme court of Oklahoma guarantees religious liberty to all those who observe another day than Sunday as holy time. They are guar-anteed freedom to do any kind of labor or business on Sunday without being liable to the penalties of the Sunday law statutes, provided they do not interrupt or disturb those who observe the first day of the week as holy time. The de-cision as set forth in the legal syllabus is as follows : T. Our Sabbath law proceeds upon the theory, entertained by most of those who have investigated the subject, that the physical, in-tellectual, and moral welfare of mankind re-quires a periodical day of rest from labor, and, as some particular day must be fixed, the one  most naturally selected is that which is re garded as sacred by the greatest number of citizens, and which by custom is generally devoted to religious worship, or rest and rec-reation, as this causes the least interference with business or existing customs. " 2. Our Legislature has wisely and prop-erly, however, refrained from interfering with or coercing the conscience of those who uni-formly, conscientiously, and religiously keep another than the first day of the week, as holy time, by exempting them from the penal-ties of the law; provided they work on the first day of the week, in such a manner as not to interrupt or disturb other persons, in observing the first day of the week as holy time. " 3. In exempting persons who uniformly and conscientiously keep another than the first day of the week as holy time, from the pen-alties of the statute, the Legislature intended to give them a substance and not a shadow, hence we hold the term ' servile labor,' as used in our Sunday statutes, to be used as synony-mous with the term ' secular labor.' " 4. Courts which hold that to require Sab-batarians to keep our Sunday, does not pre-vent them from also keeping the seventh day, overlook the fact that under the divine com-mandment, that these people are striving to obey, it is as imperative that they work six days, as that they rest on the seventh. And that if their conscience compels them to rest " Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Lev. 25: 10. 3 