07 Ł LIBERTY thinking American citizen ought to be in entire accord. But we do not see how Mr. Hanly or any one else can reconcile his closing statement with the expressed sentiment in favor of " absolute separa-tion of church and state." " To foster " means primarily " to feed ; to nourish ; to bring up ; to sup-port." Its second meaning, according to Webster, is " to cherish ; to promote the growth of ; to encourage ; to sustain," etc. We must confess that we do not see how government can do any of these things. It certainly cannot properly " feed," " nourish," or " support " b ()ion Ł nor do we see how it can " cher-ish " or " promote " its growth, except to a very limited extent ; namely, by af-fording it protection, not from criticism, but from forcible opposition. The state protects its citizens, and in protecting them it protects their peace-able assemblies : it guarantees free speech, free press, and free assembly, alike to believer and unbeliever. But in this the  state cannot be said to be fostering either religion or irreligion; a Dr. Gordon, for instance, is free to promote faith, by both voice and pen, but an Ingersoll is equally free to enlarge upon " the mis-takes of Moses," and to decry belief in divine revelation. Both cults are pro-tected, or promoted, to this extent. And this is as it should be. Only in this way can there be absolute separation of church and state, with the " guaranty of full religious and civil liberty." This is not intended as a criticism of Mr. Hanly ; we are quite in accord with his temperance principles, and believe him to be sincere in his advocacy of prohibi-tion ; but we feel that he failed to weigh well his words upon which we have com-mented. In short, we believe that when the ex-governor said " foster " he really meant " protect," and that he is, as he professes to be, in " favor of absolute separation of church and state," and that without mental reservation. C. P. B. The Immortal Declaration of Independence Extolled on July 4 by Hon. S. D. Fess, of Ohio THE LIBERTY magazine has always stood in defense of the inalienable rights of the individual citizen as set forth in the Declaration of Independence. It does not indulge in Fourth of July patriotic encomiums or cheap platitudes to tickle the ears of the surging multitudes once a year, but it constantly champions the principles of human freedom when such championship is unpopular, and the mul-titude stand ready to hiss and jeer in-stead of to applaud and cheer. We take great pleasure in giving space in our columns to a portion of an able and timely speech which was delivered on the Declaration of Independence, at Independence Hall, Philadelphia, July 4, 1916, by the Hon. S. D. Fess, of Ohio. It is taken from the Congressional Rec-ord of July 13, and is as follows : Š " Mr. Chairman and fellow citizens, I know  of no more impressive scene than to witness these thousands of our citizens doing honor to this day, in this place, the city of Philadel-phia. Our city of brotherly love, for we all have a claim upon her, as a possession of the nation, has the unique honor of being the birthplace not only of the immortal Declara-tion of Independence, but also that other equally important document, the Constitution of the United States. The first was an an-nouncement of fundamental governmental principles; the second was a performance in a practical application of those principles in the science and art of civil government. Either one would have been sufficient to im-mortalize any city. . . " I desire to commend the practice you have inaugurated. . . . The reading of the docu-ment to which we have just listened is splen-did. Too many of our citizens of today would never know what is in it unless it was so read. I say it with some degree of humilia-tion. It is easily the greatest document of human liberty ever penned in ancient or mod-em history, and ought to be posted on the very doorposts of all seeking a democratic 