66 LIBERTY Dr. Collins : I am not going to offer any opinion as to whether it is scurrilous or not. Mr. Reilly: What is the name of the book? Dr. Collins: If the views expressed in the book are true, then it is no more scurrilous than Š Mr. Fitzgerald: (Interposing) What is the title of that book? Dr. Collins: It is called "Romanism a Men-ace to the Nation," by the Rev. Jeremiah J. Crowley, a former Roman priest. It has had a circulation of many hundreds of thousands. I am not giving the book my indorsement. My work is religious, not political. It is purely religious, and I am not defending any particular denomination. I am only citing that case as an act of negligence on the part of this church to embrace the opportunity to secure redress by this means, freely offered and within its grasp. . How Such a Law Would Operate Let me tell you how the operation of this law might affect some people. Say I am en-gaged in a controversial question with a church which has different views from mine. I de-clare that its theological teachings are a lie. They might bring me up as giving expression to a libelous utterance. One man has to deter-mine whether I have committed a libel or not, and I have no benefit of court. There is a certain standard theology of the Roman Catholic Church, known as the Moral Theology of Liguori,Š Saint Liguori,Š pub-lished in Latin, in three volumes, by the firm of Benziger Brothers, publishers of Roman Catholic publications in New York City, which deals with the questions of sex that have been repeatedly referred to here by the ad-vocates of these bills, and this and similar publications have been declared, by those who are not of that belief, to be the most indecent, obscene, and immoral publications in the world. They are permitted to be mailed through the United States mail. If my mem-ory serves me correctly, about three years ago an attempt was made in this country to suppress a publication for publishing in the original Latin, a part of the Liguorian Moral Theology, and the publisher was tried in the courts for publishing and transmitting through the mail obscene literature; and this became a notable case throughout the country. In other words, the standard theology of the Roman Catholic Church is presented to us in this country, in the courts, as indecent, im-moral, and obscene literature.. . . Now I want to take up a hypothetical case. I do not know whether it would be covered by this bill or not. I think if this bill were to be adopted, that the word seditious should be included in its terms. Suppose that a certain editor should de-clare, in his paper, that if there were to come,  at any time, a clash between the government of the United States and another sovereign power, which sovereign power this editor rec-ognizes as greater and of higher authority than that of the government of the United States,Š suppose he should declare that in such a case he and the people whom he rep-resents would say, " To hell with the govern-ment of the United States,"Š is there any law which would prevent that seditious pub-lication from going through the mails ? Š No ; I would not vote for a bill to prevent it. I would rather that a man, the editor, for in-stance, of the Western Watchman, a Roman Catholic newspaper, should say that than to limit his freedom of speech. I am glad to hear him express his opinion. I am glad to know that he is not a loyal citizen of the United States, but that he recognizes the sovereignty of the papal state. One of the gentlemen here (Mr. Gallivan) put up the cry that certain literature published in the last campaign had the result of defeat-ing forty-eight.  Democratic candidates for Congress. I do not know what his argument is, exactly, unless it be that these papers were opposed to the election of those men. I must assume that, as the gentleman declares him-self to be a Roman Catholic, they were Ro-man Catholics also. . . . These papers in the last campaign were op-posed to the men who were defeated, because those men, by their religious profession, ac-knowledge that a certain man, who is sov-ereign of the papal states, is sovereign of the world, and that his sovereignty is greater than that of the United States; and there is a fear that their loyalty as representatives of the government of the United States cannot be trusted. At this point Mr. Gallivan interrupted the speaker, and a heated controversy ensued over the question of whether Ro- man Catholics acknowledge the political sovereignty of the Pope as above that of the United States. At the conclusion of the discussion upon that point, Mr. Maher asked this question : Š The gentleman stated in his early remarks that the three gentlemen in favor of the Fitz-gerald bill want to place the power of re-striction in case of articles of this kind in the hands of one man. Did he or not hear the three men express themselves in favor of giving every man his day in court? Mr. Collins replied : Š Yes. After this one man ha' excluded him from the mails. If he is all Jwed, as under the present law, to go to the court first, I will agree to all that is in the bill. I wish to say 