18 LIBERTY Teacher of Christianity : " Render to Cxsar the things that are Cxsar's, and to God the things that are God's." We, therefore, view with alarm the first indication of a departure from this sound principle. In the history of other nations of the world, where church and state have been united to a greater or less degree, or where the struggle to separate them is now in progress, we have a warning, ofttimes written in blood, against the violation of this doctrine which lies at the foundation of civil and religious liberty. We affirm that it is inconsistent with sound reasoning to profess firm adherence to this principle of the separation of church and state, and at the same time endeavor to secure an alli-ance between religion and the state, since the church is simply religion in its organ-ized and concrete expression; and, further-more, that the same authority which can distinguish between the different religions demanding recognition, and give preference to one to the exclusion of the others, can with equal right and equal facility distin-guish between the different denominations or factions of the same religion, and dis-pense to one advantages which it denies to the others. These considerations ought to make it doubly clear that what God has put asunder, man ought not to attempt to join together. A more specific reference to an impor-tant period of history may illustrate and enforce the affirmations herein set forth. Under a complete union of a heathen relig-ion and the state, with extreme pains and penalties for dissenters, the first disciples, directed by the divine commission, pro-claimed the doctrines of Christianity throughout the Roman empire. For nearly three centuries the warfare of suppression and extinction was waged by this haughty power, glorying in the superiority of its own religion, against non-resistant but unyield-ing adherents to the right to worship ac-cording to the dictates of their own con-sciences. Then came a reversal of the unsuccessful policy, and what former em-perors had vainly sought to destroy, Con-stantine as a matter of governmental expediency embraced, and Christianity be-came the favored religion. Then began that period of " indescribable hypocrisy " in religion, and of sycophancy and abuse of power in the state. " The apparent identification of the state and  the church by the adoption of Christianity as the religion of the empire, altogether confounded the limits of ecclesiastical and temporal jurisdiction. The dominant party, when it could obtain the support of the civil power for the ,execution of its intolerant edicts, was blind to the dangerous and un-Christian principle which it tended to estab- lish . . . Christianity, which had so nobly asserted its independence of thought and faith in the face of heathen emperors, threw down that independence at the foot of the throne, in order that it might forcibly ex-tirpate the remains of paganism, and com-pel an absolute uniformity of Christian faith."Š " To the reign of Constantine the Great must be referred the commencement of those dark and dismal times which op-pressed Europe for a thousand years. . . . An ambitious man had attained to imperial power by personating the interests of a rapidly growing party. The unavoidable consequences were a union between church and state ; a diverting of the dangerous classes from civil to ecclesiastical paths, and the decay and materialization of religion." Š Draper. Succeeding decades bore testi-mony to the fact that " the state which seeks to advance Christianity by the worldly means at its command, may be the occasion of more injury to this holy cause than the earthly power which opposes it with what-ever virulence."Š Neander. It was but a series of logical steps from the union of church and state under Constan-tine to the Dark Ages and the Inquisition, some of these steps being the settlement of theological controversies by the civil power, the preference of one sect over another, and the prohibition of unauthorized forms of belief and practise ; and the adoption of the unchristian principle that " it was right to compel men to believe what the majority of society had now accepted as the truth, and, if they refused, it was right to punish them." All this terrible record, the horror of which is not lessened nor effaced by the lapse of time, is but the inevitable fruit of the acceptance of the unchristian and un-American doctrine, so inimical to the inter-ests of both the church and the state, that an alliance between religion and civil gov-ernment is advantageous to either. If the pages of history emphasize one lesson above another, it is the sentiment uttered on a memorable occasion by a former presi- 