6f LIBERTY 33 tradesman, farmer, or other person shall be guilty of doing or exercising any of the common avocations of life, or of causing or permitting the same to be done by his children or servants, acts of real necessity or charity excepted, on Sunday, he shall, on due conviction thereof be-fore any justice of the peace of the county, forfeit and pay three dollars, one half to the person who will sue for the same, the other half for the use of the county." The justice, while manifesting a feel-ing of regret over the fact that he had an unpleasant task to perform, clearly indicated that he was disposed to termi-nate the case at once, and impose the penalty prescribed in this law. At this point we submitted that the law itself called for a " due conviction," that there was lacking the essential element which is necessary to precede a conviction; namely, the presence of an accuser, and the giving of testimony under oath in the presence of the accused. We held that no man can be deprived of life, liberty, or property without due process of law; that this is a fundamental principle in American jurisprudence; and that to repudiate or set aside this inherent right would be tantamount to a repudiation of all that was contended for by our fore-fathers. We therefore felt warranted in asking that the case be dismissed. The justice was apparently open to conviction, and seeing the righteousness of the principles for which we stood, decided to dismiss the case without costs. Nashville, Tenn. The Civil Sabbath Fallacy C. S. LONGACRE THE religious organizations that are seeking the enactment and enforcement of human sabbath laws in this country tell us that they do not want a religious Sunday law, but a civil sabbath or Lord's day. It is a deception. There can never be such a thing as a civil sabbath or Lord's day. One might as well speak of a civil Lord's supper, or a civil Lord's  prayer, or a civil Lord's baptism, as of a civil Lord's day. Any institution that bears the Lord's signature is religious and belongs to him and not to Caesar. The whole civil-sabbath propaganda is a deception. What is being sought is aid from the state to enforce the relig-ious features of a religious sabbath. We already have statutes that require every man to act civilly all the time, and laws that require men to act civilly all the time certainly cover their acts on Sun-day. All this proves that special legisla-tion to make a man act civilly on Sunday is unnecessary, as that is already pro-vided for by other statutes that are of universal application. Religious Liberty Principles Be- fore the Inquisition W. A. SPICER IN the days when the Inquisition was applying the principles of compulsory religion with a relentless hand in the Netherlands, a godly Baptist, Jacques D'Auchy, was put to death at Leeu-waarden. It was in the year 1558. On one occasion, when brought before the Inquisitor, the following colloquy en-sued : Š Inquisitor.Š I tell you it is no new thing to issue proclamations and edicts commanding heretics to be put to death ; it has been so upwards of fourteen hun-dred years. Jacques.Š But it remains to be seen whether the Emperor Theodosius, whom you have mentioned, did right, and per-formed any act that was pleasing in the sight of God, in issuing such an edict. I.Š Most assuredly, for he knew well that they were heretics. J.Š Sir, in his opinion they were her-etics ; but in the opinion of those who laid down their lives for their faith he was himself a heretic and a tyrant. I.Š How do you know that? J.Š It speaks for itself ; for they who put us to death for our faith are to be esteemed as no better than heretics and 