LIBERTY 179 Ł great end of government. Rom. 13: 3-10. " [ Signed] ISAAC BACKUS, Boston, May 10, 1783." While expressed by different individ-uals in different ways, the same princi-ples of love for, or enmity against, true liberty in Christ have been clearly de-fined, and the controversy can only be closed by the coming of him " whose right it is." Loma Linda, Cal. tV tV Religious Liberty in China matters. . . . Christianity is a voluntary obedience to God's revealed will; and everything of a contrary nature is anti-christianism. . . . Reason and revelation agree in determining that the end of civil government is the good of the governed by defending them against all such as would work ill to their neighbors, and in limiting the power of rulers there. Those who invade the religious rights of others are self-condemned, which of all things is the most opposite to happiness, the CHINA, the oldest nation and the youngest republic, is again giving sur-prises to the world. A great struggle is going on between Buddhism and Confu-cianism. A movement on a large scale has been in progress ever since the or-ganization of the new republic to make Confucianism the religion of the state, and to restore its general observance. This movement originated with the edu-cated classes Š the aristocracy of the na-tion. In the new parliament it happened inevitably that a great majority of the members were of this class. Soon after parliament organized, a Confucian soci-ety was formed, and it quickly spread throughout the republic. Leading men in the nation gave support tO the movement. Some of the literature which was scat-tered broadcast read as follows : " God used Confucius as a sounding board to deliver his message." " The books of Con-fucius have lasted to the present day and cannot be wiped out." " Confucian doctrines should be believed by all because he is the greatest teacher in the world." " At the pres-ent time Christianity is making great prog-ress. It has come from the West and has the strength of a lion. But this strength is due to the fact that powerful nations are be-hind it. This sort of thing, however, cannot last for centuries." "The Mohammedans came to China many centuries ago, but now they amount to nothing. Christianity has only lately come to China, but in a short time it will also go." Native Christian leaders started a counter movement on moderate lines,  but the situation seemed serious. At this juncture Yuan Shi-kai, who seems to have perceived the danger, took a bold step. He dismissed the national parlia-ment, and it stands practically dissolved, leaving the supreme po'wer in the hands of the president and the council. Efforts had been made to persuade the parlia-ment to amend the constitution by a temporary clause, which provided that " Confucianism shall be the state religion, while religious liberty shall still be ac-corded to the people of China." Presi-dent Yuan, foreseeing such attempts, had resolved to oppose them with all his power. A year ago, speaking in the na-tional council, he had expressed his views in these memorable words : Š In view of the religiOus liberty of the peo-ple, all religions will be regarded as being on the same footing, and there will be no dis-crimination against any particular one. There should be mutual respect and avoidance of mutual distrust among the people, irrespective of whether they practice any particular reli-gion or not, or whatever faith they embrace, so that they may all share in the enjoyment of public peace and happiness. What a tremendous lesson other' rulers might learn from this example! The . . . subtle efforts now being made in our own republic to give the church a voice in the affairs of the state, may well give cause for concern to those who are observant of the signs of the times.ŠThe Christian Herald, Jan. 7, 1915. 