4-4  4 ' .Ł 4.1  ).1,./5.,  s- LIBERTY 169 The liquor traffic in this country alone leaves in its slimy trail more than too,000 ruined homes annually, from whose por-tals are heard the stifled moans of blasted childhood and wretched widowhood. Aggregate Results Are Great National Calamity Imagine the unutterable grief and con-sternation that would come to this na-tion if we should receive the awful tid-ings tomorrow morning that the entire American Army had been massacred dur-ing the night. The whole nation would mourn, and would float the Stars and Stripes at half-mast. Such an awful  of all crimes, more than 85 per cent of all poverty, and more than 33 per cent of all insanity in this country are traceable either directly or indirectly to the effects of the liquor traffic ; and as long as the general government protects this hellish traffic by accepting blood money as rev-enue, the nation is responsible for all this crime and sorrow, and the Amer-ican flag is powerless to defend and pro-tect American citizens. A Civil and Not a Religious Question The prohibition of the sale of intoxi-cating beverages is not interference with the rights of individual conscience, nor F AMERICA, AT ATLANTIC CITY, JULY (3-9 tragedy would go down in history as a never-to-be-forgotten event. And yet every year an army of men, women, and children, four times the number of our entire regular army, goes down to pre-mature death and hopeless graves through the American saloon. The Greatest Crime-Producing Agency Over 3,000 wives are murdered every year in this country by drunken hus-bands ; more than 2,500 innocent children are murdered every twelve months by drunken fathers ; more than 30,000 help-less children are forsaken and thrown upon public charity during the same time by drunken parents; more than 90 per cent of all murders, more than 75 per cent  an invasion of the sacred precincts of re-ligion. If it were, I would be among the first to raise my voice in protest against such a measure; for I am unalterably opposed to any movement designed to shackle the individual conscience, or to enforce the requirements of religion by human law in any form whatever. Pro-hibition is not a religious question, and should never be put on that basis. It is purely a civil, social, economic, and sci-entific question, relating to man's proper duty and conduct toward men. I believe in the divine right of free choice and in personal-liberty rights of the individual. But true liberty does not seek license to do an injury to others. The prohibition 