A Nation-Wide Campaign for One Day in Seven WHAT was long ago predicted by the publishers of this journal has now come to pass. Several years ago we took the position that a coalition would take place between the Federal Council of Churches, the Sunday Rest Day Associa-tions, and the labor organizations, for the purpose of compelling all the people of the country to observe a sabbath. That is what has taken place. On Nov. 24, 1911, the department of the Federal Council of Churches known as the Com-mission on the Church and Social Serv-ice issued the following bulletin :Š The Federal Council of Churches of Christ in America sent Secretary Mac-farland as a fraternal delegate to the recent convention of the American Fed-eration of Labor at Atlanta, and after his address the labor convention passed the following vote:Š " Resolution No. so, by Delegate John B. Lennon, Journeymen Tailors' Union of America. " Whereas, The Federal Council Com-mission on the Church and Social Serv-ice are undertaking a nation-wide cam-paign to secure for all industrial workers one day's rest in seven, and,Š " Whereas, The American Federation of labor is unqualifiedly on record for the same for many years, and have been efficiently working to that end, therefore be itŠ "Resolved, That we heartily appre-ciate the cooperation of the Commission on the Church and Social Service to the end of securing the one day's rest in seven, and pledge to the commission and to all others who may assist in this work, our hearty and earnest assistance. " Referred to the committee on reso-lutions." Dr. Macfarland met in conference the presidents of those national unions af- fected by Sunday labor, and arranged for their cooperation in the proposed campaign. Now the Federal Council of Churches spreads abroad the information that Š  the nation-wide campaign to obtain one day in seven for industrial workers has been inaugurated by the Commission on the Church and Social Service of the Federal Council of Churches of Christ in America. It has received the unani-mous indorsement of the executive com-mittee of the Federal Council. The bills for the various legislatures are being prepared by a committee of the American Association for Labor Legis-lation.. . . Working in association with Secretary Charles S. Macfarland, of the Federal Council, the committee has decided to introduce bills immediately in the legis-latures of New York and New Jersey. In New York the committee is headed by Canon William Sheafe Chase. In New Jersey it will be in charge of the State Federation of Churches. It is pro-posed to unite in cooperation the State Federation of Churches, the labor organ-izations, Rest Day Associations, and all other appropriate bodies. The text of the bill, as proposed for New York State, is as follows : Š SECTION I.Š Chapter 36 of the laws of 1909, entitled " An Act Relating to Labor, constituting chapter 31 of the consolidated laws," is hereby amended by adding thereto, after section 8, two new sections, to be sections 8a and 8b, respectively, and to read as follows :Š Where Sunday labor required, equiv-alent rest day necessary. No person, partnership, firm, corporation, munici-pality, nor any of their agents, directors, or officers, may require or permit any employee to work on Sunday in his or its employ, except at farm labor or house-hold service, unless within the next suc-ceeding six days during a period of twenty-four consecutive hours he or it shall neither require nor permit such employee to work in his or its employ. Nothing in this section 8a shall be con-strued as authorizing any work or em-ployment of labor on Sunday not now authorized by law. Inspectors for enforcement of pre-ceding section. The commissioner of labor may appoint from time to time not more than ten inspectors, at a salary not 91 