LIBERTY 221 were in accordance with the prejudice of the mob. Freedom of speech is the sheet anchor of political, social, and religious liberty. The history of the evolution of the state is largely a history of the battle for this freedom. Without freedom of speech, religious freedom is an impossibility; without freedom of speech, social liberty becomes a name; without freedom of speech, political liberty degenerates into  a farce. For this reason, throughout all the ages, those who have wished to keep the bodies and consciences of men under their personal domination, have strug-gled relentlessly against this freedom of expression of personal opinions. The in-tention to safeguard this freedom is, con-sequently, inherent in every statute with which the liberties of mankind have been hedged about.Š The Boston Christian Science Monitor. For the Public Welfare and Safety UNDER the so-called police power of the State, almost every imaginable kind of legislation in direct violation of the inalienable rights of man and the Con-stitutional guaranties of civil and reli-gious liberty, is demanded from our mod-ern Solons. To the police power of the State has been attributed prerogatives and functions which transcend the au-thorities of the highest tribunals in the land. There seems to be no domain too sacred for this particular phase of power to invade with impunity under the plea of " general welfare and public safety." It seems to have no limitations. It mounts over every barrier on the wings of public expediency. It assails and overrides every Constitutional guaranty designed originally to protect the indi-vidual in matters that pertain to his rights of conscience. Under the old regime of a union of church and state, laws purely religious in character were boldly enforced as such. Now such statutes are denominated civil laws, justified under the " police power of the State," and sustained in the courts by a strained interpretation, being classi-fied as enactments " for the public wel-fare and the safety of society." Under this pretext, religious statutes are being enforced today in the United States. Men are being punished for violating Sunday laws which have no more bearing upon the welfare and safety of society than the Eiffel Tower has upon the cli-mate of France. Men are haled before the courts and condemned because they  do not observe Sunday according to the notion and custom of the Puritans, who in the early days of New England be-lieved in a union of church and state and in enforcing religion by civil enact-ment. After people have rested on the sev-enth day of the week, why should they be compelled to rest also on the first day of the week, provided the things they do are honorable, and do not interfere with the equal privileges of their neigh-bors ? Under the so-called police power of the state, for the sake of the " public welfare " and " safety of society," after men have already rested on the seventh day of the week, they are being arrested and condemned before courts for such acts as digging a mess of potatoes out of their gardens on the first day of the week for a Sunday dinner. They are being indicted for picking a few fresh, ripe tomatoes from their vines, and a few luscious peaches and apples from their trees, to set before their guests at a Sunday repast. A Seventh-day Ad-ventist minister was arrested and locked up in prison for days because on Sunday he carried his pulpit from his church to a gospel tent Š a distance of three blocks. All these things are done and defended under the " exercise of the police power of the State," for the public welfare and safety. In the olden days, when people were extremely superstitious as well as reli-gious, it was customary, before venturing out upon the broad ocean, for the voy- 