LIBERTY 19 the church.'] Owing to the prevailing passion for the shows, this petition could not be granted, perhaps, without consider-able difficulty. First, in the year 425, the exhibition of spectacles on Sunday and on the principal feast days of the Chris-tians was forbidden in order that the de-votions of the faithful might be free from all disturbance. In this way the church received help from the state for the fur-therance of her ends which could not be obtained in the preceding period." From this quotation it appears that the purpose of these early Sunday laws was to secure the attendance of the people at pub-lic worship, and that it was the desire of the religious teachers of that day that everything that would interfere with such public worship should be prohibited. When civil transactions were prohibited, the peo-ple spent their time in amusements and sports; and as the real purpose of the ear-lier laws was thus frustrated, the next step was to prohibit sports and amusements on Sunday. The bill before us, in order to secure "the proper observance of Sunday as a day of rest," in one act forbids both labor and sports and amusements. The only basis for such legislation, now as in the early centuries, is found in religious considerations. This analysis of the proposed legislation is certainly sufficient to prove beyond suc-cessful contradiction that this bill " for the proper observance of Sunday " in the Dis-trict of Columbia is religious in its char-acter, and that it is designed to maintain the supposedly sacred character of a day, and to compel at least the outward observ-ance of a religious institution. The Constitution Forbids Such a Law Inasmuch as this bill is plainly religious in its character, and is a long step toward the establishment of religion, I regard it as contrary to the express prohibition upon Congress set forth in the amendment to the Constitution which declares that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establish-ment of religion, or prohibiting the free ex-ercise thereof." That this amendment is regarded by the advocates of Sunday legis-lation as forbidding any laws which shall give preference even to the Christian relig-ion, is shown by a statement made by Rev. J. M. Foster, one of the leading lecturers of the National Reform Association, in  an article in the Christian Statesman for April, 1908. In speaking of this amend-ment, Mr. Foster said, " We would amend the amendment so as to read, `That no law shall be passed respecting the establish-ment of any church or prohibiting the free exercise of the true religion.' " Those who regard religious liberty as being the liberty to profess and practise their religion might take such a view as this, but this was not what was intended by the framers of the amendment nor by the people who adopted it. After an experience of the union of church and state in the colonies, a new order of things was established by the Con-stitution, and in the words of Bancroft, the historian of the Constitution, "The new nation dared to set the example of accept-ing in its relations to God the principle as divinely ordained of God in Judea. It left the management of temporal things to the temporal power; but the American Consti-tution, in harmony with the people of the several States, withheld from the federal government the power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul ; and not from indif-ference, but that the spirit of eternal truth might move in its freedom and purity and power." This divinely ordained principle was expressed in these words: " Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." According to this principle, civil government has ju-risdiction over men only as citizens of this world, and in their relation to each other, and can of right exercise no jurisdiction over them as citizens of the heavenly king-dom nor in their relation to God. The ob-ligation to make a distinction between days, and to set apart a particular day of the week for rest and worship, is wholly a question between man and his Maker, and is beyond the sphere of civil government. What Is Involved What is involved in any action of the government which establishes by law the sacred character of any day is clearly and forcibly expressed by the Hon. Richard M. Johnson, in his well-known Sunday mail report communicated to the House of Rep-resentatives, March 4 and 5, 1830, and adopted by that body. I quote in part as follows : " The memorialists regard the first day of the week as a day set apart by the Creator for religious exercises, and con- 