LIBERTY 27 to criticize the language of the calif preacher. ' God leads no man into error,' said he, aloud. " Omar deigned no direct reply, but, turn-ing to those around, Strike off that old man's head,' said he, ' if he repeats his words.' " The old man was discreet, and held his peace. There was no arguing against the sword of Islam." It is all grotesque Š considered in the light of divine religion, to be received by conviction and faith. George Sale, in the preface to his translation of the Koran, re-marks: Š " The method of converting by the sword gives no very favorable idea of the faith which is so propagated, and is disallowed by everybody in those of another religion, though the same persons are willing to ad-mit of it for the advancement of their own; supposing that, though a false religion ought not to be established by authority, yet a true one may; and accordingly force is almost as constantly employed in these cases by those who have the power in their hands, as it is constantly complained of by those who suffer the violence. It is cer-tainly one of the most convincing proofs that Mohammedanism was no other than a human invention, that it owed its progress and establishment almost entirely to the sword; and it is one of the strongest dem-onstrations of the divine origin of Chris-tianity that it prevailed against all the force and powers of the world by the mere dint of its own truth, after having stood the assaults of all manner of persecutions, as well as other oppositions, for three hundred years together." The moral is just as timely now as when Sale wrote, over a hundred years ago. Sunday,Law Agitation THE sad thing is that instead of becom-ing a Bible investigation it [the agitation over the Sabbath question] is taking on a demand on the part of Christians for a legal sabbath. It crawls in in almost every conceivable form; it creeps into our muni-cipal and State legislatures as a police regulation, a temperance measure, in favor of the workingmen, and its latest phase is for the special benefit of the theater-goers. Los Angeles has a pastor in one  of its Baptist churches, Mr. W. F. Ireland, a cousin of Archbishop Ireland of the Cath-olic Church. In early life Mr. Ireland was an actor. Wishing to introduce a Sun-day law into Los Angeles, he made as a pretext that the actors themselves would be very greatly benefited by closing the theaters on Sunday, and consequently brought before the city council of Los Angeles a measure with that end in view. signed by nearly all the pastors in the city, but, strange to say, not signed by any of the theater people. Petitions were circu-lated in favor of the measure and a num-ber secured. It is reported that thousands were signing the petitions. What we wish to note here is that the movement is, like all other political move-ments, seeking to establish itself by every means to which politics can resort, and that not even honorable politics. And yet we would not misjudge all who are con-nected with the movement. The propo-nents of such measures may be divided into two classes: first, those who believe that the day ought to be kept free from all traffic and show which are proper and allowable on other days ; and, secondly, those who want the evils suppressed wholly, and if not able to suppress them all the time, feel that one-seventh of the time is better than none. There are two classes of Opponents to such measures: first, those who want the traffic carried on because of the profit and pleasure, and whose hearts are in harmony with the evils ; secondly, those who are opposed to any legislation in support of a religious institution. Of the proponents we sympathize with the second class. We believe it would be better for society and communities in general, and especially for the youth, if there were no saloons nor vile theaters, but we do not believe that the suppression of these evils for one day of the week will help matters. To suppress the saloons or the theaters on a religious day only is to politically honor and protect the religious day, a thing which should never be done in a free country. And such action admits the necessity, at least, if it does not tacitly approve, of the evils on six days of the week. Such measures form the opening wedge of a church-and-state union, a fear-ful curse of the ages, and they do not re-move the evils which they seek by law to 