LIBERTY 21 wrought profoundly in the history of Europe and of modern liberty. Ł The chief glories of Constance are the me-morials of the man who witnessed there his good confession Š the little house by the Schnetzthor from which Huss was il-legally dragged to prison ; the Dominican monastery, by the bright-hued Rhine stream, in whose dungeon he nearly lost his life during the months of trial; the council hall ; the cathedral where they sought to degrade him, and where Sigis-mtind the emperor blushed with shame as a servant of the King of kings re-minded him of the promised safe-con-duct ; and last of all, the ivy-covered stone in the meadow, just outside the city, which marks the place where the faggots were piled. We look at it all, and read the story over again, of that time long ago ; and we say it was not that the times were so evil, not that men were more wicked then, that such things could be. The wicked principles of compulsory religion were believed in, and genial, kindly men were turned into agents of cruel persecu-tion, and thought they did God's service. Now, what shall we say of these same principles being enunciated by the chil-dren of the Reformers, who are calling for civil laws to back up and enforce religious observances? " If we had been in the days of our fathers," said the church leaders of Christ's day, " we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets." Government and the Individual W. T. BARTLETT A DESPOTIC government leaves to its subjects as little liberty as possible; a constitutional government leaves them as much as possible. It is the duty of government to protect all its citizens in the enjoyment of their individual lib-erties. Supposing it had been proved neces-sary in the interests of the public health that people should rest one day in seven,  it would be a legitimate exercise of au-thority for the government to demand of all its subjects that they refrain from labor to that extent. But when the gov-ernment specifies what day that day of rest shall be, it has unwarrantedly in-terfered with the individual liberties of its subjects. The government must leave the individual free to select the day for himself, otherwise it is bound to trample upon the most conscientious convictions of many of the people. If any of the citizens regard the first day as a sacred day, and desire to keep it holy, they should be protected as fully as possible in so doing ; on the other hand, if any do not so regard the first day of the week, they also should be permitted the fullest possible free-dom in acting on their conviction ; always provided that the individual lib-erty of one does not abridge the individ-ual liberty of another. Each should be required to pay all due respect to the other, and to abstain from whatever would be a limitation of the freedom of the other. No one should be permitted to compel an employee to work on a day that the employee regards as sacred, and no one should be permitted to compel another to cease working on a day which that other does not regard as sacred. Protection for all and compulsion for none but evil-doers should be the prin-ciple guiding the government in its deal-ings with its subjects. If one day in seven be a sacred day, which it is the spiritual duty of every one to keep holy, and a certain proportion of the community do not keep that day holy, the task of convincing them of their duty does not rest with the government, but with those who are themselves per-suaded of the sacredness of the day. In their attempts to persuade the non-ob-servers of their duty, they are entitled to the protection of the government, and the non-observers are equally entitled to the same protection. All that the gov-ernment has to do is to keep the peace among its subjects, so as to insure to every man unrestricted individual free- 