6 LIBERTY A Laudable Divorce WHETHER union is a good thing or not depends upon what the things are that are united. When it comes to the matter of separating the church from the state, we have divine sanction for such a separation in the words of the Master himself, so frequently quoted in this mag-azine. Things that ought not to be joined can not be expected to work for good when they are joined. The Herald-Dem- ocrat, of Leadville, Colo., dated Oct. 9, 1909, dealing editorially with the diver-sity of functions of the church and state, speaks wisely and well upon this matter. We quote : Š The function of religion, as we inter-pret it, is to reach the individual through moral and spiritual agencies. It deals with those profound problems of man's spiritual nature which affect his rela-tions with the unseen power that rules the universe. In these matters widely diver-gent views have swayed the masses of mankind, and as religions have grown and crystallized, there have grown up ecclesiastical hierarchies closely con-nected with the temporal government which undertook to regulate the opinions of the people with reference to their the-ology. The wise patriots who shaped the framework of this government sought the establishment of the principle of the en-tire divorcement of church and state. It was certain that religious ideals as such had no place in the business of governing. The questions involved in statecraft are purely secular. There is no question as to the importance, the value, the neces-sity of religion. The man who faithfully seeks to order his life along religious lines should be a good citizen. But the moment that man seeks to impress his religious convictions on others by force of law, he becomes unjust and tyrannical. The discussion of this question be- comes of absorbing interest in view of the published program of the Federated Churches of America to bring combined pressure to bear upon the lawmakers of the country for the shaping of legislation in harmony with their demands. The  souls of men are not in need of legisla-tion, but of the gospel of Christ; and when those commissioned to give that gospel which the soul needs, supplant that work with legislation, which the soul does not need, the purpose of God is thwarted and his vineyard laid waste. Ł ŁŁŁŁŁŁ Ł There Is Blame Somewhere THE common schools of the United States have been declared godless by cer-tain Protestant denominations because they do not provide for the reading of the Word of God. They have been given the same designation by Catholics because they do not teach definite religion, under the control, of course, of the Catholic Church; and that church has held the threat of excommunication over her members who should permit their chil-dren to attend the public school when they could attend a parochial school. It is interesting, therefore, to read a Ro-man Catholic priest's and editor's estima-tion of the male portion of the product of parochial schools. Rev. D. S. Phelan, editor of the Western Watchman, says this of the young men of his parish and of the country in which they live : Š Our young men are going to destruc-tion; our Catholic young men are often the worst in the land. That is not a the-ory, but a sad condition. In every great city of the United States the Catholic young men are too often the worst in the city. . . . Take all the notorious so-called gangs of this city and they are made up in great measure of boys born of Irish Catholic parents. . . . Our boys have the bad pre-eminence of the worst criminals in the land. . . . A boy must go out, he must find company. You can not prevent it ; but 0, watch him ! He needs watching, because he is liable in one year to unlearn all that he has learned in school and in church. . . . They are the best burglars, they are the best pickpockets, they are the best politicians, they are the best rogues in the world. . . . It is al-most impossible to be bad in Ireland. Ireland is an island of saints. And the 