LIBERTY 3 become very interesting because of develop-ments along these lines. The pastors' union was invited by the unions to send " fra-ternal delegates " to the Central Labor Union. The invitation was accepted in resolutions expressing sympathetic interest and pledging co-operation. The press of Boston, through its reports of arrests and trials for Sunday work, gives evidence that a veritable cyclone of Sunday enforcement has visited the city. The distri^,t attorney has ordered the arrest of all persons found violating the Sunday law. A list of twelve THE ALBAN GATE, BASEL hundred such cases has been reported, and the district attorney has ordered the prose-cution of them all. He says: " There is no more reason why one person should be tried as a test case when twelve hundred have been reported, than there is that there should be only one trial for murder when a thousand murderers have been arrested." This places the performance of honest work on Sunday on a par with murder and rob-bery. The police, under orders from the district attorney, began at midnight on Saturday night to take the names of all persons who were found doing any kind of work at any time during the twenty-four hours. The baggage rooms of the railroads were closed till midnight Sunday, and large concerns which had been in the habit of sending out ten or twelve wagons did not  send out any. The Supreme Court of Massachusetts has decided that to gather in a crop on Sunday to save it from loss is not a work of necessity. The court says the word ." necessity " has the same mean-ing it had when the law was framed. " It was inserted to secure the observance of the Lord's day in accordance with the views of our ancestors, and it ever since has stood, and still stands, for the same purpose." It is the plan of the Woman's Interdenomi-national Union to have as many pastors in this country as can possibly be secured, preach on Sunday observance on the last Sunday in February. The president of this union states that twenty thousand simul-taneous sermons were preached in Great Britain last year upon this theme. The effect of this campaign in England is seen in the union of the Catholic Church in England, the Church of England, and the non-conformists upon the matter of the en-forcement of Sunday observance. In Kan-sas petitions are being circulated asking the legislature for laws prohibiting Sunday baseball and the Sunday theater. The au-thorities of Spartanburg County, S. C., carried through their work of arresting, trying, and fining three Christian men for quiet home work on Sunday. The trial was held on January to, and the men were convicted and fined. In his message to the Arizona Legislature now in session, Gov-ernor George Kibbey recommended the pas-sage of a law prohibiting the sale of intoxicating liquors " between the hours of twelve o'clock midnight and five o'clock A. rz., of week-days, and during all of Sun-days." The newly elected governor of Colorado, Mr. Butchel, is a Methodist min-ister, and had his inaugural services con-ducted in a Methodist Episcopal church in Denver. On January 9 the United States Senate passed a resolution directing " that the Postmaster-General be directed to in-form the Senate by what authority post-offices are kept open on Sunday." Mr. Cortelyou very quickly (January 14) re-plied, giving the authority called for. A case involving the legality of an order for compulsory church attendance on the part of soldiers on Sunday, issued by the post commander at Columbus, Ohio, has recently been acted upon by the War Department. 