6 LIBERTY It has no place there. The Jew objects to it not on the ground that he is a Jew, but on the ground that he is a citizen of this country, and it is one of the fundamental principles of this country that church and state should be kept separate. To drag the name of Jesus into a political platform is a reflection on Jesus as well as on the platform. The misrepresentations of Christianity ought not to be charged up to the account of Christianity, although it is almost in-evitable that it will be done. Any at-tempt to unite church and state is a re-pudiation of one of the fundamental principles of Christianity, and it is a pity that Jews should be compelled to maintain this principle against the ag-gressions of professed Christians. "Have You Kept Sabbath?" THE citizens of this country are now facing the probability of the establish-ment of an American type of the Inqui-sition. If Senate Bill No. 3940 passes the House at the next session of Con-gress, such an institution must follow. It will be noted by referring to the text of that bill found on pages 23-28 of this issue that there is an exception made in favor of a certain class. That class is exempted from the requirements of that law on certain conditions. Those con-ditions are that members of that class must be members of a religious society ; that they observe another day of the week than Sunday ; and that they keep it " as a sabbath." The judge, before releasing a person from the penalty of the law for " sabbath breaking," must ascertain whether he is a religious man, whether he belongs to a religious society that keeps another day of the week than Sunday, and whether he has kept that day " as a sabbath." This is a long step backward into the night of religious tyranny. Of what pos-sible concern can it be to the government  whether a man is religious or irreligious, or whether he belongs to a religious so-ciety or not. It is his right to be relig-ious if he chooses, to belong to such a society if he chooses ; but to no power on earth has been delegated the right to invade the citadel of the soul, and regu-late the conduct of men according to their belief in religious matters. No longer can we claim for this country a separation of church and state if repre-sentatives of the state must ascertain a man's religious belief before they can determine his amenability to the law. Such an inquisition as the proposed law will necessitate, differs from the Inquisi-tion of the Dark Ages in degree, but not in principle. Grant the right of rulers to inquire into men's faith and religious affiliations and make such faith and affiliations determining factors in their standing before the law, and man's entire birthright of religious liberty is thrown away. There is a realm which government can enter only as an invader, and that is the realm of belief, of faith, of con-science. If that citadel can not be kept sacred and protected from outside inter-ference Š even from questioning Š we are not free, and our boasted liberty is but empty air. " Have you kept another day than Sun-day as a sabbath ? " asks the judge of the farmer, the painter, the merchant ar-rested for Sunday labor. " I have, your honor." On what day did you refrain from work ? " " In the seventh day of the week." " Did you refrain from work on that day because of your religious belief ? " I did." " Are you a member of a religious so-ciety? " I am." " Of what religious society are you a member? " 