32 LIBERTY to safeguard the institution and enforce its observance. There is absolutely no Bible evidence in support of either of these propositions. r.. Blue Laws in District are Pro-posed in Bill A BILL which would virtually establish Sunday blue laws in the District of Co-lumbia was introduced today by Senator Jones of Washington and referred to the District committee. The measure would prohibit the per-formance of all unnecessary work in Washington on Sunday. Newspaper workers and employees of public service corporations, however, would be ex-empted under its provisions. All other kinds of work except do-mestic servants' work is prohibited on Sunday. Fines ranging from $to to $50 for the first offense, and from $25 to $1 oo for the second offense, with jail im-prisonment from one to three months, are provided as penalties.Š The Evening Star, Washington, Dec. II, 1917. iL tft fffi MEN of national reputation, standing high in governmental positions, have told us that the LIBERTY magazine is the best of its kind in the field, and that its style, make-up, and contents are improving with each issue. A Congressman re-cently informed us that he felt that this magazine ought to be placed in every reading home in America. If you read this magazine through, you will doubtless receive the same impression. Will you not help us to extend its circulation? Organize a club of subscribers. Help us to place it in all public and school libra-ries. By ordering fifty or more copies at one time, you can obtain them at four cents each. See special rates on the first page. L. MONDAY, Dec. 17, 1917, the national House of Representatives passed, by a vote of 282 to 128,Š eight more than a  two-thirds majority,Š the joint resolu-tion proposing to the States a national prohibition amendment to the Federal Constitution. The resolution had previously passed the Senate, which body the next day, namely, the i8th, concurred in the only amendment offered by the House, making the time limit for the approval by the States seven instead of six years. This question now goes to the State legislatures to be fought out. As amend-ments to the Constitution must have the approval of three fourths of the States, thirteen can defeat the measure. It is not believed, however, that the liquor in-terests can hold that number of States in line for seven years, and the friends of national prohibition, including LIBERTY magazine and a host of its readers, are jubilant over prospective victory for the amendment. B. std A PACIFIST orator, speaking in Cincin-nati a few weeks ago, was taken out of the city, carried across the river into Kentucky, and cruelly whipped. Refer-ring to this fact, the Catholic Columbian (Columbus, Ohio), in its issue of No-vember 9, said: " Every law-abiding citizen must condemn the beating given to the Rev. Herbert S. Bige-low, of the People's Church in Cincinnati, by a mob, in punishment for his opinions on the war. There is a law for all crime, and there are authorized officials to enforce it. No mob violence should be tolerated." This is good sentiment. However mis-taken their ideas may be, the pacifists are not the most dangerous enemies of the nation ; its worst enemies are those who would by mob violence or by over-riding Constitutional guaranties, deny freedom of speech and fetter and enslave the press. Here is our greatest national danger. P. tV THE truths of the gospel are not to be safeguarded by civil law. The state has no shadow of right to define or in any way to punish sin, or offenses against, the divine Being. 