RELIGION NOT FOUNDED ON FORCE 's" Nebuchadnezzar was given a throne direct from the Most High." By W. F. MARTIN " He was rebuked when he undertook to regulate how and when his subjects should worship." THOUGH we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh : (for the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds)." 2 Cor. I0 : 3, 4. " Then said Jesus unto him, Put up again thy sword into his place : for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." Matt. 26 ; 52. It would be hard to find two scriptures more to the point than those quoted above. Civil governments, however strong, are transitory. Even the greatest nations of the past, whose laws were founded in the highest wisdom of the times, were not able to endure. They were built by the wisdom of man, and upheld by the sword. Mighty men, mighty warriors, ruled over them, but the kingdoms passed away. The best governments have been those which have used the least force, but have won the hearts of the people by justice and free-dom. There is no question but that civil gov-ernment is right and justified in the en-forcement of law. Governments are or-dained of God to regulate the relations of man to man. Those set to administer the laws are to mete out justice for loy-alty and to punish those who invade the rights of their fellows. Civil govern- 74 ment is not ordained of God to regulate the course of its citizens in their duties which relate to God. Nebuchadnezzar was given a throne direct from the Most High. He was rebuked when he under-took to regulate how and when his sub-jects should worship. Paul enjoins us to be subject to the powers that be, and yet he preached the gospel in direct vio-lation Of the Roman law, and was finally put to death under that law. The church of God is founded upon the eternal rock of truth. The power of hell has always resisted it, and still, with- out force of arms or authority of civil law, it won its place, nor does it today need arm of flesh or carnal weapon for its support. By its simple beauty it has ever triumphed over its foes, breaking through defenses harder than stone walls or cement. It has won its way, not by might, but by the one compelling and conquering power, the Holy Ghost. When men have thought to aid its work by civil leg-islation, it has been a hindrance to its progress. Left to itself, the ark was safe ; but surrounded b y the armies with 