LIBERTY 11 mer threshing-floors ; and the wind car-ried them away, that no place was found for them ; " and in Rev. 19: 13-19, we are told what the attitude of the nations will be toward Christ at, his coming: Š " And he [Christ] was clothed with a vesture dipped in blood : and his name is called The Word of God. And the armies which were in heaven followed him upon white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and clean. And out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword, that with it he should smite the nations : and he shall rule them with a rod of iron : and he treadeth the winepress of the fierceness and wrath of Almighty God. And he hath on his vesture and on his thigh a name written, KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS. "And I saw an angel standing in the sun ; and he cried with a loud voice, say-ing to all the fowls that fly in the midst of heaven, Come and gather yourselves together unto the supper of the great God ; that ye may eat the flesh of kings. and the flesh of captains, and the flesh of mighty men, and the flesh of horses, and of them that sit on them, and the flesh of all men, both free and bond, both small and great. "And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered to-gether to make war against him that sat on the horse, and against his army." What more convincing evidence is needed to show that, instead of the king-doms of this world proclaiming their sub-mission and loyalty to Christ, and his rul-ing over them, the reverse will be true, and they will set themselves against him and his kingdom. The Word declares that he will smite the nations, and from the king on the throne to the humblest subject of the realm whose heart is un-converted, they will become food for the fowls of the air. But we read that before this occurs, " the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him that sat on the horse, and against his army." So let not those who read these lines be deceived by the seductive idea that this world, in the pres-ent order of things, will ever be brought  into subjection to the will of God. This condition will never obtain until after Jesus Christ has come the second time and destroyed all earthly kingdoms and established his kingdom, which will never pass away. K. C. R. The Impossible IT is a fact, though not generally rec-ognized, that Sunday, the first day of the week, is the one day which could not possibly be the rest day of the Creator. Any other day of the week might have been ; but the first day could not possibly have been. To demonstrate : Instead of creating the heavens and the earth in six days, and resting on the seventh, God might have created these in five days, and rested on the sixth, and every sixth day have been the Sabbath; or in four days, and rested on the fifth; or in three days, and rested on the fourth ; or in two days, and rested on the third ; or in one day, and rested on the second ; but he could not have created them on the first day, and rested on that same day. This would have been impossible ; for God himself can not be doing a thing, and cease, or rest from doing it, at the same time. Thus, in changing God's rest day, men have chosen as their day of rest the one day of the week which, of all days, could not possibly be God's rest day. This is the day which, for the past sixteen hundred years, men, in supersti-tion, darkness, and apostasy, have been seeking to compel their fellow men to observe by civil laws ; and concerning which there is now in progress a world-wide movement for its compulsory ob-servance. This, in subtle and refined form, is but the returning to paganism and to pagan methods under a Christian guise. Every rival to God is idolatry ; and corruption, intolerance, and oppres-sion are invariable accompaniments of idolatry. W. A. C. 