SENATOR HEYBURN, OF IDAHO LIBERTY (1089) 39 for the observance of the Sabbath, and I believe that it should be observed, but I do not believe in legislation compelling one to do it. This measure is of more than passing importance. I had not thought it would pass without considerable discussion. I have heard it suggested that it was a delicate question upon which to speak. I do not feel it to be such. A man who can not discuss his religion, has none ; a man who is afraid to discuss it, has none. I do not think this is an appropriate place to discuss religious questions, except so far as they may be relied upon as a basis of legislation, but I can not refrain from express-ing my regret that it is proposed in Congress to deal with the questions in-volved in this bill. I think I opposed a sim-ilar bill on a former occa- sion, and it was charged in certain places that I was an irreligious person, and that I did not believe in orderly conduct on the Sabbath day. There is no foundation for that charge. I have always' been a person of strong relig-ious convictions. My ancestors have always been largely interested in re-ligious principle and the development of it. I have followed in their footsteps, and it is because of that, at least in part, that I do not approve of this class of leg-islation. It was such legislation as this that wrote the annals of bloodshed and oppression and intolerance in the relig-ious history of the world where a part of the people undertook to be sponsors for the conscience of another part. . . . This measure grants special privileges to people who are members of religious societies. More than half the world and more than half the people of this city, are not members of any religious society. It grants a special privilege to those who are, and withholds it from those who are not. The law in this land, general and local, was intended to insure perfect freedom and independence to the citizen in regard to the observance of re-ligious principles. So, as a matter of  principle, I am opposed to such legis-lation...  No man has a right to set himself up as the moral standard of all the community, or of any part of the community except himself. As to the use of the Sabbath day, every man, so far as personal acts that do not include any acts of lawlessness are concerned, should be the guardian of his own morals. It was never intended that the law should lay down the rules that should constitute a good man, and say that all men must live up to those rules. That never was the intention of the lawmakers, and we dis-covered it very soon after we became a nation and had an organized govern-ment, and we abandoned that kind of legislation. It was the legislation that re-sulted in whipping people at the tail of the cart, pla-cing them in stocks, brand-ing them upon the hands, etc. That was the kind of legislation under which some person or coterie of persons undertook to set themselves up as the censors of the mor-als of the people. I thought that age had passed. I never expected to see it revived, and I never expected to see an attempt made in the Congress of the United States to prescribe rules that are intended, I presume, to supplement the ten commandments ; and I suppose every year, according to the temper of a part of the people, we shall have new prohi-bitions and restrictions. . . . If you are going into this question, go into it 'to the limit, and compel the people to live like the old Puritans of New England did when they were not allowed to have fires in their churches, and when they had to take their lunch-eons with them, and eat them in cold sheds or where they might. If you are go-ing to be erratic in legislation, be erratic according to some established rule, the rule of our ancestors. If you are going to recognize the rule that is recognized, or, at least, that I thought was, in all parts of this country that there is relig-ious freedom of personal action so long 