National Reformers Want Death Sentence Pro- nounced on Promoters of " Liberty" C. S. LONGACRE IN the October issue of the Christian Statesman the promoters of the LIBERTY MAGAZINE are declared to be guilty of treason against the government because they dissent from the ideas of the Na-tional Reformers, and from their schemes to establish " a national religion " in the American Republic. A person guilty of treason against the government merits the death penalty. What we have pre-dicted time and again is now made mani-fest; namely, that the last step taken by the advocates of a compulsory religion would be to invoke the death penalty upon all dissenters and nonconformists. The Christian Statesman takes the LIBERTY MAGAZINE to task for making the following statement : Š If the government sho'Uld, through its law-making branch, act regarding the Sabbath, it would be legislating concerning a religious es-tablishment. That would be opposed to the national Constitution. . . . The Sabbath [en-forced by law], whether regarded as occur-ring on the seventh day or the first day, is altogether an establishment of religion. The Christian, Statesman makes the following comments : Of course all intelligent readers will see the absurdity of the statement in the quota-tion given above, that " the Sabbath is an es-tablishment of religion." The statement is so supremely absurd that it needs no refutation. It is enough merely to call attention to it. . . . It is throwing dust in people's eyes to say that it is a religious institution. But now note well this admission if you want to see the absurdity made still more absurd. The very next statement made by the Christian Statesman is this: It [the Sunday] certainly is a religious in-stitution, but that does not mean that it is wholly a church institution. What a mistake to refer to the statute-intrenched Sunday as " a religious estab-lishment "! Is not Sunday a religious institution? and when established by law,  is it not in that sense a religious es-tablishment ? Of course the Christian Statesman would like to make it appear that the words " establishment of religion," as used in the First Amendment to our na-tional Constitution, refer only to the set-ting up of a fully equipped state church ; but it is evident that the fathers of the republic intended them to have no such restricted meaning. The phrase " re-specting an establishment of religion," must be understood in the light of the words immediately following it, " or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Therefore, to intrench any religious ob-servance, institution, or custom in the law of the land is to that extent to set up or establish a religion, or, in other words, to erect a religious establishment. Is not Sunday such an institution? It is certainly religious. Dr. Wilbur F. Crafts, a stanch defender of the princi-ples promulgated by the Christian States-man, makes the following statement : Š A weekly day of rest has never been per-manently secured in any land except on the basis of religious obligation. Take the reli-gion out, and you take the rest out. Impossible to Extract Religion This makes it very clear that the Sun-day law advocates want religion en-forced, and are unable to separate reli-gion from the Sabbath. We submit that any pretense that the Sabbath is a civil institution is nothing short of a decep-tion and a fraud. The Christian Statesman continues: Š There can be no ecclesiastical sabbath un-less there is a civil sabbath. No one can keep the Sabbath ecclesiastically if he does not keep it civilly. What logic! Let us apply it to some other ecclesiastical institutions, and see where it leads us. The Lord's Supper, 13 