28 (I°78) LIBERTY In the State of Indiana there has re-cently been brought into being an organ-ization which is to be the parent of simi-lar organizations in all the States, and whose object is to unite into one civic union all civic societies now in exist-ence in the various municipalities of the country, that they may bring their agglomerated strength and influence to bear upon lawmakers and lawbreakers. The enactment and enforcement of such laws as the churches of the country de-sire made and enforced, is the ultimate purpose in the minds of that organiza-tion's leaders. It will unite Catholics and Protestants and those who are neither, . for the enactment and enforcement of religious laws. These organizations are only four out of many that are committed to the same idea. Their combined adherents number many millions, and are of a class that is supposed to stand for all that is best in American manhood and citizenship ; but the principles espoused are more danger-ous to American liberties than were the soldiers of King George or the mighty armies of the Confederacy. While those worked from the outside in open and honorable attack, these work from the inside, undermining the very foundations of the national structure their forefathers builded so religiously and so well. As certainly as the sun shines, they who demand that religion and the state shall be joined, that matters of religious custom, rituals, or ceremonies shall be-come matters of civil legislation and police enforcement, have thrown their rights and their 'liberties into the yawn-ing hopper of the mill of oppression, and will one day suffer in body and soul, or will become hypocrites to es-cape it. The rewriting of the Constitution of the United States so that it shall declare the government a Christian government,  and thus make a legal basis for the en-actment of distinctively Christian laws, is not an affair of small moment. It means that the principles upon which the nation was founded and which have made it the prosperous and peaceful land it has been, will have to be abandoned, and the cruel principles of our colonial gov-ernments and of the governments of some of the darkest nations in the world, will have to be established in their stead. In those governments either the state was doing the bidding of the church, or the church and state were one; and every state thus panoplied with human power has put an iron heel upon the consciences of individuals, has forgotten all the ten-derness of the gospel of Christ, and has served the devil with zeal and vigor, while she wrote red chapters in the his-tory of the country and in the history of Christian experience. This confederation of religious forces has it in mind to play no mean part in forcing down the thumbscrews of op-pression upon the consciences of the people. Said the president of the Civic Union : The right of private judgment has been so overworked that we have so many denominations." Now, the glory of the gospel of Christ is that it recognizes and respects the right of pri-vate judgment. The glory of this nation does not lie one half so much in its mili-tary achievements as it does in the fact that the right of private judgment in re-ligious concernments is respected and protected. The right of private judg-ment was the key that unlocked a Roman monastery and released a Luther to bear the light of religious liberty and a free gospel in the midst of the darkness of a night created by the denial of that right. But the Civic Union declares that " the right of private judgment has been over-worked " in this country. Said the chairman of the great Federal 