116  LIBERTY variable selfishness. The kindest explanation of this phenomenon is that the nations have `been driven nearly to death, and are of necessity looking out for their own interests, not be-cause they are heartless, but because the law of self-preservation is operating." What is true of nations is true of in-dividuals. From the horrors of war the world has been plunged into the horrors of commercial and industrial strife. Peo-ple are naked and starving, not because clothing and food cannot be had, but because conditions have arisen that make them unavailable. As one man in Wash-ington remarked, giving the reason for high prices, " Every man is getting what he can while getting is good." Greed is rampant. Selfishness runs riot. This is what we see today instead of " a so-bered world " of only two years ago. B. Notable Statesmanlike Sentiments BY S. B. HORTON IT is rather fortunate for America that we have in public life stalwart men who stand for, and will stand by the true principles of Americanism. And at this time, when so much is being said in regard to Americanism, what it stands for and what it means, such state-ments as are hereinafter quoted, if con-stantly kept in mind by the American people, will enable the ship of state to follow the safe and straight course de-vised by our patriotic forefathers. It should be said in this connection that the great Thomas Jefferson gave helpful warning of the coming danger, in these words : " The spirit of the times may alter, will alter. Our rulers will become corrupt, our people care-less. A single zealot may commence persecu-tion, and better men be his victims. It can never be too often repeated, that the time for fixing every essential right on a legal basis is while our rulers are honest, and ourselves united. From the conclusion of this war we shall be going downhill. It will not then be necessary to resort every moment to the people for sup-port. They will be forgotten, therefore, and their rights disregarded. They will forget themselves, but in the sole faculty of making money, and will never think of uniting to effect a due respect for their rights." Soon, after his inauguration as Vice-President of the United States, Hon. Thomas R. Marshall, in a speech, pre-sented an array of unanswerable sugges- tive thoughts, in which he said : " The kingdom of God was to be in the earth and not of it. I hope soon all church organiza-tions will make it their exclusive mission to preach the gospel of Jesus Christ, and to reach the conclusion that the world is to be regen-erated by regenerated men and women, and not by regenerated laws and ordinances. . . . If there is a weakness in the church organiza-tion of today, that weakness springs from the fact that too many of the followers of the Nazarene are more interested in some particu-lar phase -of evil in civil life than they are in proclaiming the original sin of mankind and its only sure remedy Ñ an undoubting, un-qualified, and everlasting hold upon the gospel of the Galilean. " From my viewpoint, Jesus Christ was not a reformer in the usual and ordinary accepta-tion of that term. He lived when the greatest despotism that the world has ever known ruled the habitable globe. Yet the only recorded statement of anything he said with reference to the Roman Empire was, `Render unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things that are God's. Slavery had reached the very depths of degradation, and yet this great apostle to the Gentiles advised a runaway slave to return to his master. The Christ was not engaged in repealing bad laws nor in pro-viding criminal punishments for the violators of good ones. " Jesus Christ was more than a reformer. He was a regenerator. The church is to stand as the representative of the kingdom of God on earth, and except ye be born again,' ye cannot enter into the kingdom. He brooded over Jerusalem as a hen broods over her chickens, and yet he never strove to make bad Jerusalem appear to be good Jerusalem." These are splendidly true sentiments, expressed in terse and comprehensive language, and are commended to those state-and-religion friends who imagine they are serving God by bringing in his kingdom through the gateway of politics. POLITICAL or civil liberty is perfect freedom of opinion, expression, and ac- tion, circumscribed and limited only by the equal rights of others. 