LIBERTY 11 we can say that we are in hearty sympathy with many of their expressed purposes in the line of moral reforms, but we are un-compromisingly opposed to the means which they seek to employ to accomplish some of these reforms. We reject utterly the National Reform theory that the state is in itself a moral person distinct from the people, having an individuality and a responsibility to God, of its own. We in-sist upon the principle laid down by the di-vine Author of Christianity when he said: " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." And furthermore we maintain that the state has nothing whatever to do as to how the individual shall render unto God the things that are God's, or whether he shall render them to God at all. That we may correctly represent the position of the National Reform Associa-tion upon the question of the proper spheres of the church and the state, we quote the following from a speech by D. McAllister, D. D., in the Washington, D. C., National Reform convention held April 1-3, 1890 : Š Now what does the National Reform As-sociation say ? It says, " Let the church do its duty in its own line. Let the line of demarcation be drawn here; let the func-tions of the state go with the state Š with civil government, God's own ordinance. Let the church hold the moral principles of God's law,Š the law of Jesus Christ, the only perfect law,Š and let the state apply those moral principles that pertain to its own sphere of justice and right, in her schools and everywhere else, and do her own work, as she shall answer to God him-self, as she is the creature of his ordaining." If language means anything, this state-ment means that, according to the teach-ing of the National Reform Association, it is the duty of the state to apply the moral principles of God's law as interpreted by the church. From this view we dissent en-tirely. Each citizen of the state is under obligation to obey God's law, and every legislator and every executive officer of the state is in duty bound to adhere to the principles divinely ordained for civil gov-ernment, and in doing this he will keep the church and the state entirely separate, and  will know that it is not the function of the state to deal with matters of religion or religious worship in any way further than to protect every citizen in his right to wor-ship or not to worship, so long as he does not confound incivility with religion, and does not interfere with the right of others to worship or not to worship. Civil gov-ernment was not established for the purpose of promoting any religion, whether that religion be true or false. Within its proper sphere civil government is supreme, but that sphere is limited to the relations of man to man, and does not include the rela-tions of man to God. In a theocracy it would be different, but we are living under a republic, and not under a theocracy, and we are not in sympathy with any attempt to conduct our government on theocratic principles. As throwing further light upon the real meaning of the National Reform move-ment, we quote a paragraph from the Christian Statesman of Oct. 2, 1884:Š Give all men to understand that this is a Christian nation, and that, believing that without Christianity we perish, we must maintain by all means our Christian char-acter. Inscribe this character on our Con-stitution. Enforce upon all who come among us the laws of Christian morality. Here is the same false conception of the nature, the sphere, and the purpose of civil government. This is a Christian nation only in the sense that the Christian religion has more professed adherents than any other form of religion. If the government is administered on Christian principles, there will be no attempt to interfere with the right of every person to profess and to practise, or not to profess and not to prac-tise, any religion which he may choose, so long as he does not use religion as a cloak for incivility. No true Christian will be uncivil, in the proper sense of that word. To enforce upon men " the laws of Chris-tian morality " it to make them act, at least outwardly, in harmony with the moral law. But this will make hypocrites of those who are not truly converted, and will be of no benefit whatever to those who are con-verted. Civility can rightly be enforced, but morality never. And genuine religion 