LIBERTY "Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Lev. 25 : 10. VOL. XI FIRST OITARTER, 1916 - EXTRA No. 2 Explanatory Note Tins Free Press and Religious Lib-erty Extra deals with two press bills in-troduced into the House of Representa-tives by two New York Congressmen, who aim to establish a one-man censor-ship of the press, and thus to shackle the freedom of speech and of the press in the United States. This Extra also deals with the compulsory Sunday observ-ance bills now pending before Congress. Hearings are soon to be held before Congressional committees on these bills, and as prompt action is needed and the regular issue of the second quarter of LIBERTY does not come from the press till the middle of March, we are issuing this Extra, hoping that it will be given a nation-wide circulation. If either of the bills introduced by Messrs. Fitzgerald and Siegel should be-come law, it would utterly destroy the freedom of the press in America, and would make the transportation of printed matter through the mails subject to the decision of one man, without giving the publishers any recourse to court pro- ceedings, and would virtually establish a sectarian censorship. The Brooklyn Tablet (Roman Catholic) of Jan. 8, 1916, said:Š The only publications in this country that would come within the pale defined by Con-gressman Fitzgerald's bill are those which are attacking the Catholic Church. The Tablet has only told the naked, truth, which everybody knew all the time to be the truth, even before it was con-fessed by the Tablet. This Extra is fairly bristling with valu-able arguments and information ; and just now, while this is a live national issue, you are urged to get all the signa-tures possible to the petitions on the last two pages of this Extra, and forward them to your Senators and Representa-tives in Congress. The price of this Extra is $1 per hun-dred, or $8 per thousand. A million copies ought to be circulated during the present month. Address all orders to Liberty Magazine, Takoma Park, Wash-ington, D. C. Shall the private characters of men be left at [thel mercy [of irresponsi"le menl? The answer is NO. The construction I contend for, only renounces the summary and preventivejurisdiction of a single magistrate. It only exempts the editor fro-n im-prisonment, at the discretion of the magistrate, and guarantees to him the benefit of fury trial. It leaves him entirely amenable to the injured individual and the public for the injury which his peers shall pronounce to have arisen from his publications. There are not wanting many well-informed citizens who deprecate summary proceedings as hostile to the genius of the Constitution. If this be true in general, it is emphatically so when they are applied to violate or infringe the Constitutional freedom of the press. Š Essays on "The Liberty of the Press," by Marcellus, 1804, P. 7. Si 