A New Declaration of Independence By the Late David Paulson:M. D. pRIMITIVE Christianity rendered the state loyal obedience in all things civil, but refused to obey when civil rulers entered the spiritual domain and made laws binding on the consciences of men. Early Christianity not only propagated the gospel without any state aid, but did so in the face of the fiercest opposition. As the church became more powerful, civil government began to court its influence, and the church began to seek the aid of the state in carrying out its divine commission. That ushered in the Dark Ages. The Reformation, again, directed the church to its true source of power, and gave it a new glimpse not only of reli-gious but of civil liberty. But it re-mained for those who had been oppressed by both church and state in the Old World, to establish a government here in the New World, founded upon the eter-nal principles of both civil and religious liberty. This new government was to legislate only on matters purely civil, leaving to the church and to individuals all ques-tions of religious worship. It did not undertake to regulate the consciences of men in their relation to their Maker. Under this new order of things the church did not lean upon the state, seek-ing its aid, but it stood alone on the glo-rious principle that Christ himself enun-ciated: " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." Matt. 22 : 21. God raised up this nation to furnish this necessary object lesson to the entire civilized world. On this point, President Wilson, in an address to the West Point graduates, said: " It was as if in the providence of God a continent had been kept unused and waiting for a peaceful people who loved liberty and the rights of men more than they loved any-thing else, to come and set up an unselfish commonwealth." The Present Outlook But this glorious picture is fading out. The church is again demanding of civil government laws and regulations favor-ing its religious propaganda. Politicians and statesmen are again, as at the begin-ning of the Dark Ages, fawning upon the church to secure its help to further their political aims and objects. The church is rapidly forgetting the lesson of the past, that like causes will produce like results. Unless the church speedily retraces her steps, there will be ushered in another dark age for both church and state. There are many conscientious souls, with hearts aching over the present out-look, who confidently believe that we have already advanced more than half a generation in that evil direction. One thing is certain : the church always loses divine power when it depends upon hu-man power. The new Declaration of Independence is a call to the church to cease courting the aid and assistance of civil govern-ment, and to remember the words of its Master, " My kingdom is not of this world : if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, . . . but now is my kingdom not from hence " ( John 18: 36) ; and it is a call to the state to declare that it will forever cease meddling with all matters purely reli-gious. If not, we may speedily expect to see the fires of persecution rekindled in the New World. ttf IN a true democracy the sovereignty of the people is superior to any institution they may create. The rulers are chosen by the people and for the people, and therefore are subject to the people. In fact, the rulers are servants. Power not conferred by the people and not responsi-ble to them, is self-ordained, autocratic, and devilish. 59 