" Thompson's History of England." " Anderson's History," which was s rejected and then " revised," when the place of " Swinton's Outline tory." In the new " Anders tory," there is not a single wor THOMAS JEFFERSON " Where the press is free, and every man able to read, all is safe " (1816). " Our liberty depends on the freedom of the press, and that can not be limited without being lost" (i786) Contributed Articles Undermining the Foundations of American Liberty No. 2 Modern Attempts to Suppress the Truths of History A. J. SAXBY BOURDEAU THE American public-school system, with its democratic principles, has proved to be destructive of Roman Catholicism. Drifting into our non-sectarian schools, thousands of children of Catholic im-migrants have been alienated from the religion of their parents. Hence the strenuous efforts on the part of the priests to break up the public-school system by insisting upon a division of the school funds to assist in supporting the parochial schools. " The com-mon-school system of the United States is the worst in the world," said Cardinal Manning. " The church alone is endowed with the power to educate the young," exclaimed Cardinal McCloskey. " Move in solid mass in every State against the party pledged to sustain the integrity of the public schools." School Histories Revised Not content with teaching par-tial history in her own schools, the Catholic Church has endeav-ored to mold the teaching in the public schools. She has suc-ceeded in accomplishing her pur-pose in two ways,Š first, by se-curing the appointment of Cath-olics as teachers, and, second, by suppressing reliable histories or causing them to be " revised," in order to conceal her past rec-ord from the public. Among the many text-books that have been thrown out of the public schools, or " revised," or both, are the follow-ing : Š " Swinton's Outlines of History," which was thrown out of the schools of  San Francisco in 1886 or 1887. It was rejected also about one year later, by the school board of Boston, one half of whom were Roman Catholics. In this connection Mr. Travis, one of the Boston public-school teachers, lost his position because he had taught from this history the truth concerning Rome's sale of in-dulgences, through Tetzel, in Luther's day. " Dickens' Child's History of Eng-land." 