LIBERTY 19 cost of sacrificing political principles. For your guidance I may mention to you the fact that socialism, besides being a political party, is also an anti-Christian sect. In order to convince yourself of this, you only have to read what so-cialism teaches regarding religion. With best wishes, I am, Yours sincerely in X, X JOHN BONZANO, Archbishop of Mel. Apostolic Delegate. [I hereby certify that this letter is a true and correct copy of letter received by me from Archbishop Bonzano,Š John Bonzano, apos-tolic delegate, Washington, D. C. THOMAS J. CAREY. Denson Springs, Tex., Oct. 21, 1912.] In a personal letter to the editor, Mr. Carey defines his position thus : Š I have no quarrel with the church on matters spiritual, but no priest nor preacher must interfere with my political f reedom. In order to appreciate the full force of Archbishop Bonzano's declaration that " you should submit to the decisions of the church even at the cost of sac-rificing political principles," it must be remembered that he is the Pope's per-sonal representative in this country, and that he is the official head of the Amer-ican hierarchy. The following quotation from a Roman Catholic source defines his authority : Š What the Pope says is law in this country; and the word of his apostolic delegate is law until he is overruled.ŠWestern Watchman, May 9, 1912. It is therefore absolutely true that ac-cording to Roman Catholic law, now promulgated in this country, every Cath-olic is required to surrender his political principles to the control of the Roman hierarchy, and to vote according to its instructions whenever it may be deemed expedient to issue such instructions. But this is subversive of the fundamen-tal principles of republican government, and if carried into effect would place the king on the Tiber in practical control of  American politics. The man who can command three million votes is in a po-sition to dictate terms to any political party. In the light of this official declaration by Archbishop Bonzano, the assertions of Roman Catholic priests and editors concerning the absolute political freedom of Catholics become mere empty sound, and must be regarded as evidence either of a purpose to mislead the people or of ignorance of the latest ruling concerning this matter. But what will the American people say to this attack upon the freedom of the ballot? Those who attempt to cor-rupt the ballot by purchasing or selling votes are deemed worthy of severe pun-ishment as being enemies of the repub-lic; and shall no effective protest be made against this wholesale manipula-tion of a vast block of voters? It becomes more and more evident that the Roman peril is not a myth. Un-less some check is placed upon Roman aggression, the American government will be under the domination of the Pa-pacy, and both religious and civil liberty will be a matter of history. The next few years may settle this whole question, and it is to the interest of every American citizen that it be set-tled in harmony with American prin-ciples. tte. tt: NATURAL rights are not granted us by our Constitution. The purpose of the Constitution is to establish a basis for the protection of men in the exercise of such rights, which are older than the Constitution,Š as old as man. When a church seeking human power and poli-ticians seeking ecclesiastical influence unite to deprive men of their natural rights, the Constitution speaks, and speaks with the authority of all the peo-ple : " Hereto thou hast come, but far-ther thou shalt not go." 