8 LIBERTY of denying the fundamental law of the land Š traitors. This whole house of cards fails to the ground when we call attention to the fact that the state is not a personal entity apart from the citizens who compose the state, and therefore can not, in any proper sense, have a religion which it is under obliga-tion to teach ; and further, that the mere recognition by the officials of the govern-ment, in conducting the affairs of the state, of the existence of religion can not be trans-formed into the acceptance and profession of that religion by the state. The framers of this government knew what they were stating when they deciared that this nation " is in no sense founded on the Christian religion." What would become of the boasted lib-erty of this country, if these National Re-form principles should prevail? Š Religious liberty would be the liberty to believe and profess the Christian religion as interpreted by the National Reformers, or be perse-cuted, or leave the country ! We believe in religion, and in the Chris-tian religion, and in the old-fashioned gos-pel as opposed to the New Theology, but we believe in religion as a personal expe-rience growing out of the free choice and faith of the individual, and not as an affair of the state. We are unalterably opposed to any effort to use the machinery of the state to teach or enforce religion Š even the re-ligion in which we be:ieve. We believe in religious liberty for the other man Š the man who differs from us Šwhom we shall try to win, but not to compel. Baptists and Federation IN one of our exchanges we find the published decision of the Canadian Bap-tists in reference to the question of federa-ting with the other churches. That de-cision reads:Š The Baptists decline to unite with the churches which are at present negotiating with a view to the union, and which invited them to enter into a conference with them. They find a " fatal impediment " in the practise of infant baptism, also in the adop-tion of any other mode than immersion ;  they desire to avoid all alliance with secular authorities; they will not identify them-selves with creeds which have any tendency to establish a human standard over con-science, and they recognize no claim to ecclesiastical succession. Ł It would be expected from this that the Canadian Baptists would take a stand squarely against the enforcement of a re-ligious institution upon the people. It would be a noble act for the Canadian Baptists and all other Baptists to stand uncompromisingly for liberty of conscience when such a matter as the Canadian Sun-day law is urged upon the public. Pius X on Church and State THE position of the Roman Church on the question of the relation of church and state is set forth authoritatively in the re-cent encyclical of Pope Pius X on Modern-ism. He mentions the following as one of the " modern " ideas that has been creeping into the church : Š As faith and science are strangers to each other by reason of the diversity of their objects, church and state are strang-ers by reason of the diversity of their ends, that of the church being spiritual, while that of the state is temporal. Concerning this the pope says: Š The principles from which these doctrines spring have been solemnly condemned by our predecessor, Pius VI, in his constitu-tion, "Auctorem fidei." He further says upon the same point : Š But it is not enough for the Modernist school that the state should be separated frog: the church. For as faith is to be subordinated to science, as far as phenom-enal elements are concerned. so  too in tem-poral matters the church must be subjected to the state. They do not say this openly as yet Š but they will say it when they wish to be logical on this head. The principle of the separation of church and state, solemnly condemned by Pius VI, is also as solemnly condemned by Pius X. There should no longer be any question in the minds of any as to where the Roman Church stands on the question of the sepa-ration of church and state. And Pius VI and Pius X can count as their allies, in fact, if not in declaration, those in this country 