LIBERTY 189 rights and immunities guaranteed by the federal Constitution to all American citizens. Christianity and Churchianity Differ INFIDELS are such principally because they fail to discriminate between Chris-tianity and churchianity. Churchianity at times has been the very opposite of Christianity. Christianity rests upon the unchangeable, 'immutable, and eternal principles of truth, liberty, and justice as enunciated by Jesus Christ in the gos-pel ; but churchianity most of the time has been the relentless foe of poor, strug-gling, suffering humanity, and has led its captives into bondage instead of lib-erty, .into error instead of truth, into darkness instead of light, into despair instead of hope, and into superstition and ignorance instead of faith and wisdom. Christianity endeavors to win and draw men by the power of love and moral suasion, while churchianity frequently attempts to drive and force men by the coercive power of the state and the " infallible " decrees of a hierarchy. The motto of Christianity is spiritual regeneration, and its effect is character transformation; whereas the motto of churchianity has often been civic refor-mation, and its effects self-exaltation. We do the Author of Christianity a great injustice to identify his principles with those of his pretended followers who re-vere their own ways more than the ways of God. C. S. L. The State Versus the Man in America ONE can hardly now take up a news-paper without reading of some legislative measure, either State or federal, which narrows the area of personal freedom and increases that of official control. A historian once observed that all the re-forms in Europe were made not by mak-ing new laws, but by repealing a large  number of the old. Such must be the task of those in America who attempt to reform the work of the present re-formers. For many years past we have had no conservative party in the United States, no party to be a brake upon the accelerating speed with which we are taking people from the producing class to make of them parasitic officials. So obsessed are we with the idea of the efficacy of law-made remedies that a California legislature was gravely con-gratulated upon the number of laws that it had passed, the " collective wisdom " having turned off the appall-ing total of 4,000 in one short session Š a record in the construction of wire entanglements. The three existing parties vie with one another in advo-cating State agency or State control. Unmindful of Burke's observation that " all innovation is not progress," we have departed from our old conservative tra-ditions.Š Truxtun Beale, in The Forum for August, 1915. Freedom of Worship a Divine, Not a Human Gift EVERY person should be free to wor-ship at any shrine he chooses, in the manner and at the time he chooses, as long as the exercise of his choice does not infringe upon the equal rights of his neighbor; and every person should be equally free not to worship at any shrine in any manner and at any time, if he so elects ; for nothing short of this is reli-gious liberty. A compulsory religious law robs the individual of his divine right of choice and freewill service, which alone is acceptable in the sight of Heaven. SV SV PERSECUTION and intolerance are the fruit of excessive religious zeal and big-otry. Every martyr of truth has been put to death because some ecclesiastical tyrants felt it their solemn duty to pro-tect the established religion against in-novations. 