LIBERTY finds fewer men able to work than are found on any other day of the week. The statement that nature requires one day of physical rest in seven is contrary to every operation of nature. There is not one object nor creature in all nature, aside from man, that gives the slightest evidence of observing such a law. Na- ture's activities are the same on all days. Mankind never discovered the necessity of a rest day in each seven from any operation of physical nature. The Sab-bath is of religious origin. God created it and commanded its observance on the seventh day; and wherever a weekly rest day has been known, it has come from this original idea of religious worship. The Sabbath was not instituted as a day for physical rest; it was made and set apart for observance before sin or phys-ical weariness were known. It is a me-morial of the true God, and is moral and spiritual in its nature, which places it beyond the power of sinful man to make, enforce, or destroy. Those who observe it must do so in spirit and in truth, not in enforced idleness. Man is required willingly, of his own voli-tion, to cease from the ordinary labor of the week on the Sabbath, that he may be free to give his whole attention to the proper observance of the Sabbath. If the weekly rest day were from na-ture's physical law, as claimed, that of itself would place it beyond the reach of human legislation; for nature forces her laws upon all creatures and all crea-tion without the help of man. No act of the legislature of a state can make one babe hungry or sleepy. It does not have to appoint a commission to teach ducks to swim. The foot-sore traveler is weary, and no civil law can prevent it. No stated time of rest can be made to meet the physical needs of all. Such rest must be varied according to the strength and labor of each individual; and nature attends to that, but human lawmakers cannot. Principle of Slavery Involved To deprive any one of the free use of his time and of the privilege of em- ploying or being employed according to his own choice, is to deny The right of citizenship, and establish, for citizens, the principle of slavery. If a few persons were to try to com-pel a man to cease work on some day on which they want to rest, civil au-thority would readily recognize his right to labor, and would punish the offenders. If a whole city were to become a mob and try to coerce him, it would still be his right to pursue any work that does not interfere with others, and it would be the duty of the whole State to give him protection. If the State were to join the mob, it would none the less be his right to be protected, and the na-tional government would come to his re-lief. This question of the individual's right to the use of his own time was fought out in our civil war, with many States against it, while the nation de-fended the individual right. In this paper we have given more at-tention to the statements sent out with the proposed law than we have to the bill itself. The bill is an absurdity of itself. It contains no penalty for the laborer who actually works seven con-secutive days. It does not mention that he has been guilty of anything wrong. It does not even call the work a misde-meanor. Are we to conclude that the labor is not considered wrong? or that the laborer is not considered responsible for his acts, but is regarded as a beast of burden or a slave? He is at least treated as irresponsible in the fact that no pen-alty attaches to his acts, while his em-ployer is held under penalty for allowing him to perform those acts. If the labor is not wrong, why impose a penalty on the employer for what another does that is not wrong to do? If the labor is wrong, why not impose a penalty on the one who actually commits it? In Section 2 of the bill, exceptions are made for janitors, watchmen, and some others, in the following words: " This act shall not apply to." The act, as shown by the penalty, is not against the work, but is against the employer al- 