28  LIBERTY " Put up again thy sword into its place; for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." Or, in other words, the sword is perishable, and all they that take the sword shall likewise be perishable. The church, like its adorable Head, is divine, and therefore, eternal. So the called of the living God, like the disciples whom Jesus sent out, lacked nothing. They were sustained by divine power; likewise, all who espouse his cause will be sustained without the intervention of civil power. What is the Lesson? TIIE New York Independent says that " now the three happiest countries for the Catholic religion, the three where it has the greatest liberty, are Germany, Great Brit-ain, and the United States, three predom-inantly Protestant countries ; while the three countries in which the Catholic Church feels itself most under unwholesome re-straint are Italy, France, and Spain, three Catholic countries. Here is a chance for students of freedom of religious thought to draw a lesson." How About Your Compass? THE " Victoria " steamer, bound for St. Petersburg, sailed from Hull, England, on Nov. 6, 1852. Till the evening of the eighth all was favorable, and the passengers re-tired to rest, congratulating each other on their happy progress, and talking over what they would do next day when they touched at Copenhagen. But scarcely had they fallen asleep when a violent bumping of the vessel roused them all in terror, which too truly convinced them that the ship had struck. " Land ahead ! " had been unexpectedly announced by the watch. The engines were immediately reversed; but it was too late, and the waves over which the vessel had been gallantly careering, now broke with terrific violence over her decks, threatening to sweep everything off into the midnight darkness around them. How was this great mistake committed? There was a quantity of steel on board, which had diverted the needle from its true  bearing. The compass was thus out of order and useless. As soon as twilight appeared, the women passengers and five men were placed in one of the life-boats, and with great difficulty succeeded in landing on a small rock about a mile off ; but it was impossible for the boat to return. Fourteen men were left on the wreck, and these entered the only remain-ing boat. They were too many for it. Some must stay behind or all perish. The captain, followed by six men, at once left the boat, and returned to the ship. The wreck now went to pieces fast. The captain was washed off, but by means of a life-preserver and a small piece of wood, he floated to the rock, and was picked up. How he clung to that life-preserver ! Would he have taken any quantity of gold for it then? When we feel the true value of re-ligion, we shall cling to it with equal te-nacity. Better to give up all we have, and life itself, than give up our religion! " What shall it profit a man, if he gain the whole world, and lose his own soul ? " These occurrences are a just and apt em-blem of the life and condition of man. We ar¥e all on a voyage over the waters of life to eternity. God has given us a compass Ñthe Bible; if we follow its guidance we shall reach our port in safety; but if we pervert that book by reading it only to find objec-tions to it or an excuse for our sins, it will lead us to our destruction. But if we do nothing of this sort, if we only neglect it, the result will be the same. What use would a compass be on board ship if the captain never looked at it? And if he lost his ship, would he not always be re-proached thus Ñ " It was your own fault; you had a compass which would have lead you safely, but you never consulted it ! Will the Bible be of any more use to us if we never read it? And if our souls are lost, shall we not in the end condemn our-selves, and say, " Fools that we were, not to make that book our guide which God gave us to preserve us from danger! We have none to blame but ourselves." Depend on it, sooner or later, the way of sin will end in sorrow. If we leave the only right course to heaven, we shall be sure to strike on the rocks of destruction. Sin may he pleasant for a time, but destruction will come at last, and may come suddenly Ñ in a moment.ÑNewman Hall. 