" WELL, HE FELL LIKE A MAN ! " " Let a man strive in freedom ; if he win, well.  If he fail, at least he will fail like a man."ŠFrom advertisement of Pennsylvania State Brew-ers' Association 09 44 LIBERTY " The discussion as to whether alcohol is ever a food is idle and evasive of the main issue. It is not a food like bread and butter, for it has venom in it. As Professor Abel of Johns Hopkins Uni-versity says : ' It is an easily oxidizable drug, with numerous untoward effects, which inevitably appear when a certain minimum dose is exceeded.' " I have italicized the word drug be-cause it is as a drug that alcohol is now regarded by most physicians. It is placed among the narcotics and anesthetics. " I should like here to present a very brief summary of what scientific investi- gators have recently determined to be the action of this drug : Š " I. It is no longer considered to be a stimulant, but rather a depressant. " 2. It perverts digestion. " 3. It depresses and weakens the heart action. " 4. It decreases the capacity to do muscular work. " 5. It diminishes the intellectual functions by dulling the creative faculty, impairing judgment, vitiating the cor-rectness of perceptions, and by general timidity. " 6. It brings about slow, far-reaching anatomical changes, such as fatty degen-eration of the heart, kidney diseases, dis-eases of the blood-vessels, changes in the muscular tissue and in the cells and fibers of the nervous system. " 7. Its habitual use lessens the nor-mal defenses of the organism against in-fectious diseases, especially tuberculosis. " If you find here and there some dis-senting voice, that of some university professor perhaps, you may be sure that it is not that of a person with medical experience or any one familiar with the material which all may read, but rather the voice of some one perversely inter-ested. You might well question whether such a one is simply seeking sensational exploitation of himself, or whether he might not even be subsidized by the vast commercial interests at stake; for you must remember that the an-nual consumption of alcoholic drinks in the United States is over a billion gallons. " I believe that human evolution has now reached the stage when the abolition of the use of alcohol as a beverage is expected and required. Abstinence is one of the principles of human eugenics, that new science that is just being born." Referring to the necessity for a great campaign of education for the purpose of eradicating the alcohol evil, Dr. Peterson quoted as a good example the anti-alcohol posters used in public hospitals in Paris, and the warning printed on their prescription blanks. On his own prescription blanks, Dr. Peterson says, he prints the follow-ing : Š " Alcohol is a poison. " It is claimed by some that alcohol is a food. If so, it is a poisoned food. " The daily, regular use of alcohol, even in moderation, often leads to chronic alcoholism. " One is poisoned less rapidly by the use of beer than by drinking wines, gin, whisky, and brandy. " Alcoholism is one of the most corn-mon causes of insanity, epilepsy, paraly-sis, diseases of the liver and stomach, dropsy, and tuberculosis."Š The Union Signal. 