34 LIBERTY the cardinal really adopted the American doctrine in this matter in opposition to that held by his church? Š By no means. The union of the church and state of which the Pope approves is the union of the Catholic Church and the state ; and the separation of church and state of which the cardinal approves is the sepa-ration of the Protestant church from the state, or the separation of all churches from the state where the Catholic Church is not in the majority. The cardinal quoted the following words from the en-cyclical of Pope Leo XIII, entitled " Sapientiw Christianx," Jan. 10, 1890:Š The Almighty has appointed the charge of the human race between two powers, the ecclesiastical and the civil ; the one being set over divine, the other over hu-man things. Each in its kind is supreme, each has fixed limits within which it is contained, limits which are defined by the nature and special objects of the province of each. . . . Neither obeys the other within the limits to which each is restricted by its constitution. In the encyclical from which this is taken, the last sentence above quoted, and in fact the whole excerpt, is modified by the sentence which immediately fol-lows : Š It does not hence follow, however, that church and state are in any manner sev-ered, and still less antagonistic. Why did not the cardinal quote this with the other? Those who truly believe in the separation of church and state are likely to draw the inference that its omis-sion was not an oversight. Moreover, the sentence which the car-dinal omitted is in perfect accord with the policy of the hierarchy as definitely expressed by more than one pope. Pope Boniface VIII, speaking ex cathedra, in the famous bull " Unam Sanctam " de-clared : Either sword is in the power of the church ; that is to say, the spiritual and  the material. The former is to be used by the church, but the latter for the church; the one in the hand of the priest, the other in the hands of kings and sol-diers, but at the will and pleasure of the priest. It is right that the temporal sword and authority be subject to the spiritual power. Moreover, we declare, say, define, and pronounce that every hu-man being should be subject to the Ro-man pontiff, to be an article of necessary faith.Š Ecclesiastical History by Du Pin, Vol. XII, page 7. Who that is acquainted with history can truthfully assert that individual, civil, and religious liberty will be safe in the hands of any official who owes allegiance first to an ecclesiastical potentate across the sea who holds over that official's head the potent threat of excommunication for failure to obey? It is therefore proved by the highest authorities in the Roman Catholic Church that Rome, instead of standing for freedom of worship and the separa-tion of church and state, as Americans understand the terms, is unalterably op-posed to freedom of worship and the separation of the church from the func-tions of civil government. Again and again have her popes declared against such separation in bulls and encyclicals, and have denounced in strongest terms and anathematized the principles of re-ligious liberty. With the published doc-uments of the popes alone to draw from, every statement of the cardinal in this matter is refuted. Rome does not stand for the principles of American liberty; she has never, in any country, been the conservator of the liberties of the indi-vidual ; and he who places his confidence in that system as the custodian of the liberties which Americans have been taught to prize, is doomed to a bitter dis-appointment. The scheme of the Amer-ican government was devised with a view to conserving the liberties of the indi-vidual. The Roman system stands upon an entirely different basis; and that basis 