140 LIBERTY winter night John stumbled home to fall in a drunken stupor over the starved body of his dead wife where it lay wrapped in rags on the floor, clasping with its dead arms a little shriveled corpse to its cold bosom. The man sat up in a sudden maze of befuddled thoughts and heard as in a dream the rumble of Gaumboyer's beer truck, growling through the streets. Then John went out, like Judas, and hanged himself and went to his own place. The truck rolled along the crowded street and stopped in front of a dance hall. " Ten cases today, Joe," said the anemic attendant. " We have a big dance on tonight, and there are sure to he some swells in attendance who will want the best." Only One More Girl Late that night two young men held a struggling girl in one of the little drink-ing rooms under the gallery at the side of the hall and poured the foaming liquor down her throat, while she laughed and choked, and then finished by drinking in a pleased and surprised manner. " Yes, beer did taste good! Why! How foolishly people did talk about it! So exhilarating! I will wait while you boys open just one more bottle." A year later she lay dying in.  the city hospital. Her father's heart was broken ; her mother dead of shame and sorrow ; and only a strange nurse and a gray-haired physician watched beside the form on the cot. " Nothing but a child!" said the doc-tor. " and such a death! God in heaven, how long, how long before the world stops this? " The pale-faced nurse said nothing, but watched the awful contortions of the pain-racked body, listened to the fearful curses from the bloated lips, and then drew a sheet over the stiffening corpse. But It's All Legal But why go on with this? The busi-ness is legal, and the greatest nation on earth hangs its license in the window of the saloon, and gives the brewer perfect  liberty to make his product and send out his beer wagon. Never mind if there be forgery, murder, and riot corked up in those bottles. At last the truck was empty, and back along the pleasant coun-try road and through the city streets it rolled. The creak and grumble had less-ened, as the load grew lighter ; and now it rolled along at a merry pace, passing the home of the brewer just as he stepped from his automobile to enter his man-sion. The brewer smiled as he thought of the truck and the many dollars it brought in each day. While he smoked his cigar, he planned for more trucks and bigger business and many, many more dollars ; for .this is a personal-lib-erty land, and as long as a man can keep within the law, all is well. Some men must be smarter than others, and he was only too glad that he was one of the smarter kind.Š American Advance. tV t tV Important to Friends of Prohibition PRESSURE, presumably by the liquor forces, was recently brought to bear to force a vote in the House on the Hobson Amendment. It is now expected that a rule of action will come from the Committee on Rules, naming an early date in July for the consideration and disposal of the Hobson Amendment. It will be incumbent upon all those who favor eliminating the liquor traffic to send in at once petitions and strong let-ters to members of Congress, asking for a favorable vote on the proposed amend-ment. A good, strong, respectful letter to individual members of Congress will do as much as if not more than petition blanks containing a few names. How-ever, the petition work should not be dis-carded or discouraged. It is to be hoped that our churches and leaders throughout the country will give this matter prompt attention. Church officers and leaders should address their letters and send in their petitions to the members of Con-gress representing the districts in which the writers live. S. B. HORTON. 