"The Father of the Constitution " IN this time of agitation and discus--sion concerning the Constitution, civic righteousness, and the rights of the peo-ple, it is well that we consider some of the circumstances and incidents attending the framing of that great document which has been justly styled " The Good Ship Constitution " and " The New Roof." The American people should call to mind the patriotic deeds of our fore-fathers, lest they forget their birthright and lose all on the altar of indifference. This thought is well expressed in the dec-laration of rights of the State of Arizona, recently admitted to the Union. We quote Sections i and 2 of that declara-tion : Š A frequent recurrence to fundamental principles is essential to the security of individual rights and the perpetuity of free government. All political power is inherent to the people, and governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, and are established to protect and main-tain individual rights. As George Washington was justly called the " father of his country," so the historian, reviewing the life-work of the statesman James Madison, has prop-erly termed him " the father of the Con-stitution." Mr. Madison's first entrance into pub-lic life was as a delegate to the Virginia Constitutional Convention of 1776, be-fore he had reached the age of twenty-five years. In this convention he was made a member of the committee ap-pointed to form the bill of rights. To this committee was submitted an article providing that all men should enjoy the fullest toleration in the exercise of re-ligion, according to the dictates of con-science, etc. It is not stated that Mad-ison opposed this proposal in committee, but when the committee's report was of-fered to the convention, Madison moved 88  an amendment in which he pointed out the distinction between the recognition of an absolute right and the toleration of its exercise. His amendment was, " All men are equally entitled to the full and free exercise of religion according to the dictates of conscience," etc. These prin-ciples of religious liberty, fathered by Madison, stand this day in the bill of rights of Virginia. Chosen as a member of the first As-sembly following the adoption of the Constitution, Madison forged his way to the front as a statesman, becoming a member of Congress and of the National Constitutional Convention of 1787, a con-vention for which he more than any other single individual was responsible. But before the meeting of the convention, which gave to the world a state paper pronounced by Gladstone to be " the most wonderful work ever struck off at a given time by the brain and purpose of man," Madison reentered the legislature of Vir-ginia at the time of the proposal to tax the people for the support of teachers of She Christian religion. Quick to see the possibility of religious intolerance in such a law, Madison threw himself into the arena of discussion, successfully oppo-sing this measure through his famous " Memorial and Remonstrance." This celebrated and comprehensive state pa-per contains many valuable statements relating to the principles of religious lib-erty, which ought to be familiar to every inhabitant of the country. Among these are the following: Š Religion, or the duty which we owe to our Creator, and the manner of dis-charging it, can be directed only by rea-son and conviction, not by force or vio-lence. [This is the language of Article 6 of the Virginia Constitution.] The religion, then, of every man must be left to the conviction and conscience of every man; and it is the right of every man to exercise it as these may dictate. 