LIBERTY 115 an end to all this bloodshed was not yet practically established, viz., that the state should cease forever to regulate the re-ligious opinions of the people. Any gov-ernment or church which holds the theory of a union of church and state or a union of religion with the state is © Burbank bound to persecute the dissenter and nonconformist, and to ignore the rights of the individual conscience in religious matters. Europe was not able in the Reformation era to solve this great ques-tion, which makes so much for peace and national prosperity. Nor has she yet solved it. It was left for the United States to settle the question of a complete separa-tion of church and state, and guarantee to the individual perfect religious equal-ity, by making it unconstitutional to en-act any law respecting religious estab-lishments. The American Republic was the first nation to recognize a purely secular state, free from ecclesiastical dic-tation and no longer bound to religious dogmas and ecclesiastical establishments. In America the federal government is purely civil and does not discharge any religious functions, nor does it profess or defend any religious dogmas. When churchmen in America seek to ingraft religion upon the state and to interfere in civil matters, they do well to remember that they are given religious freedom on the implied condition that they leave the state free in its civil realm. If they do not want the state to interfere in religious matters, they must not inter-fere with the state in civil affairs. The state can of right recognize individuals only as citizens and not as religionists, or as representing church dogmas and establishments. The founders of the American Re-public aimed at a complete divorcement  of church and state. The state was to be entirely secular and the church wholly religious. Each was to be entirely in-dependent of the other. There was to be no link between the two but the bond of good will. Christianity is not a part of the law of the land, as was the case in the theocratic form of govern-ment of our Puritan forefathers. That experiment proved a dismal failure, and for that reason the founders of the American Republic renounced the scheme and denied the principle. Taken en masse, we may appropriately say that we are a Christian people in sentiment; but it is not proper to say that we are a Christian nation or govern-ment, in order to give a religious flavor to the quality of our laws, as is fre-quently attempted by certain churchmen whose creeds were formulated in Europe instead of in America. The secularization of the state, of pol-itics, and of jurisprudence has made the American Republic the greatest and most prosperous nation in the world. Like-wise the separation of the church from the state has resulted in the greatest evangelical progress of the churches in human history. The secularization of the state was no sudden freakish creation on the part of a few men who were enemies of religion, and intended to give religion a slap in the face. It has been a natural but slow growth based upon the accumulated ex-periences of God-fearing men who had the welfare of truth and religion at heart, as well as the good of the individual and society, so that the church might realize its largest possibilities and the state its greatest political efficiency. The secular state was a creation of religious men who were friends of religion and human-ity. Their object was to erect an effec- PLYMOUTH IN 1622 