LIBERT) 17 " If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." John 8:36. This law is being invoked by persons who profess to be shocked and outraged by Mr. Mockus's expression of disbelief. Would Jesus Christ thus prosecute an unbeliever? Hear ye him: "If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world. . . . The word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day." The Sav-iour never authorized any man or set of men to judge dissenters and nonconform-ists before the last great day, and then God will be the judge. Why, then, should Itf mortals usurp God's throne, and try to manage the administration of the king-dom of heaven, when Christ himself re-fused to judge unbelievers before the time ? If the professed disciples of Christ had always followed the example of their divine Pattern, religious persecution would never have been possible. The laws of Christ are laws which rest upon the foundation of religious liberty and freedom of conscience. God accepts only freewill service, service which emanates from loving hearts. c. s. L. 18 The People Repudiate Religious Legislation in Altoona', LAST July, Mayor Rhodes of Altoona, Pa., at the instance of the Ministerial Association, decided to enforce the old Sunday blue laws of 1794, with some ad-ditional drastic penalties to be imposed by the city. The Ministerial Association thought it was its religious duty to make Sunday a day of terror to those who work on the other six days of the week. But the . city council refused to enact the penalties recommended by Mayor Rhodes, and decided to submit the whole question to the people on the referendum plan, at the November election. The re-sult was a most decisive majority against Sunday legislation. Indeed it may be said that wherever the question of Sun-day legislation is submitted to the people, they always vote it down with a decisive majority. The Altoona Times of Nov. 8, 1916, the day after the election, gave the fol-lowing interesting news item under the caption : Š " BLUE LAWS DEFEATED BY BIG VOTE OVER CITY - MAYOR RHODES'S PET MEASURE GIVEN FEARFUL DRUBBING AT HANDS OF CITIZENS - KING IS DE- THRONED.' " Twentieth century thought influenced the voters of Altoona yesterday, when they voted down, by a decisive majority, Mayor Rhodes's referendum ordinance ' forbidding, under pen-alty, the desecration of the sabbath, commonly called the Lord's day.' The complete but un-official returns give this result : For the ordi-nance, 2,801; against the ordinance, 4,334. De-termined efforts were made by the friends of the mayor, the Ministerium, and other organ-izations that were back of this measure to secure for it a decent hearing before the peo-ple. . . . " Interest in the result of the referendum vote was second only to that of the Presiden-tial decision, and there were expressions of genuine satisfaction when it was established that the Rhodes proposition had been snowed under. This is believed to be the first refer-endum on the `blue laws' taken in Pennsyl-vania." In an editorial in the Altoona Times " Therefore judge nothing before the time, until the Lord come, who both will bring to light the hidden things of darkness, and will make manifest the counsels of the hearts." r Cor. 4: 5. 