LIBERTY 33 Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That when-ever a complaint in writing shall be filed with the Postmaster-General that any publi-cation making use of or being sent through the mails contains any article therein which tends to expose any race, creed, or religion to either hatred, contempt, ridicule, or obloquy, he shall forthwith cause an in-vestigation to be made under his direction, and shall within twenty days after receipt of such complaint, if the facts contained theren are true, make an order forbidding the further use of the mails to any such publication; but nothing herein contained shall be deemed to prevent the Postmaster-General from restoring such use of the mails to any such publication whenever it shall be established to his satisfaction that the pub-lication has ceased to print or publish such prohibited matter, and given him satisfac-tory assurances in writing that there will be no further repetition of the same. This bill, which is said to have strong support, has all the bad features of both the Fitzgerald bill and the Gallivan bill introduced into the House late in the third session of the Sixty-third Congress. The power with which it is proposed to clothe the Postmaster-General is great and far-reaching, and would enable that official to do indirectly, upon the written complaint of a single person, who need not be even a citizen of the United States, what the Constitution declares that Con-gress itself shall not do ; namely, abridge the freedom of the press. It may be said that any paper or other periodical could still be printed, but of what avail is it to print if the matter printed cannot be circulated? As well say that freedom of speech is not abridged as long as one has the right to talk, even though the government may make it impossible for him to secure an audience. It is a principle of law that neither an individual nor the government can do indirectly that which may not be done directly. It is perfectly clear that Con-gress cannot forbid the publication of such matter as is described in the Siegel bill; is it not equally clear that Congress cannot rightfully do the same thing in-directly, as the bill plainly seeks to do? Even if the end sought were a legit-imate one, it would be a monstrous prop- osition to lodge in the hands of one man, a single individual, such vast power to censor and to muzzle the press of the country. The Postmaster-General is an ap-pointed official, not even directly respon-sible to the people; and yet it is proposed to make him a czar, with power to hear and to determine what does and what does not tend " to expose any race, creed, or religion to either hatred, contempt, ridicule, or obloquy." Have the Renais-sance, the Reformation, the English Rev-olution, the American Revolution, and the French Revolution all been in vain, that it is now seriously proposed to muz-zle the press in the interests of anything that cannot bear the searchlight of crit-icism? We cannot believe that such a bill as H. R. 491 can ever become a law, or that it would be sustained by the courts even if passed by Congress and signed by the President; but it is unsafe to judge the future, or even the present, by the past. Things seem to be turning backward. In-stead of going forward, the world is turn-ing again toward the things of the Dark Ages, and the occasion demands the greatest possible vigilance. Several Sunday bills have also been in-troduced, but it is unnecessary more than to mention the fact, since a large part of this number of LIBERTY is devoted to a discussion of the principles involved in Sunday legislation. The ground was fully covered by the famous Sunday mail reports written by Richard M. Johnson, of Kentucky, more than eighty-five years ago. The legislation now proposed is even less defensible than that proposed then; for that sought only to regulate a branch of the government itself, while the bills now before Congress seek to re-strict the liberty of the individual. But the people cannot safely take anything for granted. The times are sadly out of joint, and watchfulness is demanded on the part of those who would cherish and preserve the liberties bequeathed to us by our fathers. 