LIBERTY 23 .;155 thought, of speech, of writing, or of relig-ion, as if they were so many rights which nature had given to man.Š" Encyclical on Liberty," issued June 20, 1888. Pope Pius IX condemns in his Syllabus of 1864, eighty " errors," among which are these: " Every man is free to embrace and profess the re-ligion which he believes to be true." " The church ought to be separated from the state, and the state from the church." Catholic Text-Book on " Christian Doctrine" Question 120.Š Has the state the right and the duty to proscribe schism or heresy? Answer.Š Yes, it has the right and the duty to do so. Q. 122.Š May the state separate itself from the church? A.Š No, because it may not withdraw from the supreme rule of Christ. Q. 123.Š What name is given to the doc-trine that the state has neither the right nor the duty to be united to the church to pro-tect it? A.Š This doctrine is called " Liberalism." It is founded principally on the fact that modern society rests on liberty of con-science and of worship, on liberty of speech and of the press. Q. 124. Why is Liberalism to be con-demned? A.-1. Because it denies all subordina-tion of the state to the church. 2. Because it confounds liberty with right. 3. Because it despises the social kingship of Christ, and rejects the benefits derived therefrom. Fundamental Principles In thus declaring, at the very beginning of our national existence, for the com-plete separation and emancipation of the state from the church, and for the right to untrammeled utterance of opinions, the founders of our government proclaimed a fundamental principle of Protestant-ism, or liberty. Rome recognized this, and clearly understood the nature of her task to convert America to Catholicism. " If the American republic is to be sus-tained and preserved at all," said the Catholic World of September, 1871 (page 736), " it must be by the rejection of the principle of the Reformation and the acceptance of the Catholic principle by the American people." In a future article I shall present some interesting selections from the censored and " revised " editions of some of the most prominent public-school text-books, in parallel columns, showing the omitted portions and other changes made to meet the demands of the Catholic Church. All lovers of American liberty would do well to examine carefully the ma-terials that enter into the education of their children, that the rising generation may, indeed, learn to love, guard, and defend the sacred, blood-bought heritage of freedom. Compulsion or Transformation THE motive power of the gospel of Jesus Christ is love. Love can compel only as it wins and molds and changes. When a man yields to the power of love, he is a different man, transformed by love. Ile who yields to force may be, and generally is, of the same opinion after he yields as before. But he who yields to love is changed in the yield-ing. . . . God's gospel is diffusive. It is for this reason that those who have followed truth in all ages, who have been faithful to the world, have been zealous in giving to the world the gospel. Old established religious bodies have ever been prone to find fault with those drinking of the new wine of advanced truth; they cast them out of the synagogues, or turn them out of the churches, denounce them as pros-elyters, fanatics, troublers ; and invoke against them prejudice, prohibition, and persecution. So Elijah was treated, and so were other prophets of God in Israel. So Jesus, the Light of the world, was treated by those who should have re-ceived him gladly. John Huss, John Wyclif, Martin Luther, John Wesley, Roger Williams, were all rejected by the majority of their contemporaries, and their message was despised. Men celebrate their birth now, build monuments to their memory, yet despise and reject the principles which made these men all they were, the principles of believing God and following all the light which was seen.Š Signs of the Times Monthly. GIVE me the liberty to know, to think, to believe, and to utter freely according to conscience, above all other liberties.ŠMilton. 