100 LIBERTY as to why a subject of this kind should have assumed such importance as to jus- tify the proposal of an amendment to the federal Constitution. " Let Abraham Lincoln give answer: "'The liquor traffic is a can-cer in society, eating the vi-tals and threat-ening destruc-tion ; and all attempts to reg-ulate it will not only prove abortive, b u t will aggravate the evil. There must be no at-tempts to regu-late the cancer. It must be erad-icated ; not a root must be left behind, for until this is done all classes must continue in danger of becoming victims of strong drink. . . . Slavery is abolished. The next great question would be the overthrow of the legalized liquor traffic. And you know, Mer-win, that my head and my heart, my hand and my purse, will go into tha' work. In 1842, less than a quarter of a cen, ry ago, I predicted that the day would come when there would be neither a slave nor a drunkard in the land. I have lived to see one prediction fulfilled; I hope to see the other realized.' " Senators, a vote for the amendment now pending will help to realize the dream of Lincoln. " Let one of the foremost scientific and professional bodies of the nation, the American Medical Association, give answer. At its sixty-eighth annual ses-sion in the city of New York, in June of this year, the following resolutions were adopted: " WHEREAS, \\ e believe  that the use of alcohol as a beverage is detrimental to the human economy; and " WHEREAS, Its use in therapeutics, as a tonic or a stimulant, or as a food, has no scientific basis ; therefore, "`Resolved, That the American Medical Association oppose the use of alcohol as a beverage; and be it further "`Resolved, That the use of alcohol a.. a therapeutic agent should be discouraged " To inakc the second resolution plainer, let it be said that therapeutics is that branch of medicine dealing with the treatment of disease. " Let Arthur Mee and Stuart Holden, noted stu-dents of the drink prob-lem in Eng-land, give an-swer : " ' The drink trade in these fifty years has deprived the country of man power equiv-alent to the whole of the British army under arms. . . If you SIGNING THE would know how we de-stroy our children, there is a little new book that will tell you. It is Dr. Norman McLean's noble book, " Stand Up, Ye Dead." . . . You will learn from it that we sacrifice one third of our possible growth of population losing in the way of France, which cries in vain today for her best men. There are other causes than drink for these things, but there is tragic meaning in the words of one of our great medical officers of health, Dr. Millard, of Leicester, which says that were he offered the abolition of drink alone or of all the other enemies of public health put together. he would choose the abolition of drink. . . Is it nothing to us that these social Zeppelins of ours, not content to have stolen our man power in the past, not content to imperil our land today, not content to turn the happiness of millions into misery through all the years they live, sap the very foundations of our future, and write across the entrance of the world for millions of children who come through its gates Š" All hope abandon, ye who enter here "? ' " Let the New York Tribune answer : "'Upon what does the liquor traffic depend ? Š Upon debased manhood, wronged woman-hood, and defrauded childhood. It holds a mortgage on every cradle, a deed written in the heart's blood on every human life.' " Let Dr. Howard A. Kelly, medical professor of Johns Hopkins Hospital, give answer : 