LIBERTY that body claims this right. What, then, becomes of religious liberty? It is granted or withheld at the discretion of the church, which is only another way of saying that there will be liberty to believe and practise Roman Catholicism. The Doctrine for America Another utterance of some significance is made by Rev. Thomas F. Burke, of the Paulist Fathers, who is reported in the New York Times as saying : Ñ No matter how much the church may advocate the union of church and state where ideal conditions prevail, no mat-ter how much she has insisted upon such a union in other lands and in other times, she has never advocated a union of church and state in America. On the contrary, in her principles and in the writings of her supreme pontiffs, she has ever told the Catholics of America that they should give their entire allegiance to the Constitution of the country, and, i f necessary, give their lives in her de-fense. With conscientious rectitude, therefore, every Catholic does, unequiv-ocally, subscribe to the Constitution. The real meaning of this explanation of the Roman Catholic attitude should not escape attention. The church advo-cates " the union of church and state where ideal conditions prevail," or in other words, where Roman Catholics are in the majority; and the reason she has never advocated the union of church and state in America is because she does not have the power to bring about a union between the Roman Church and the state, and she does not wish to see a union between the Protestant church and the state. Therefore, according to that principle of expediency which has char-acterized the history of the papacy, the Roman Catholics in this country can adopt the principle of the separation of church and state with apparent sincerity. If, however, they should at some time in the future realize their present pur- pose to make America Catholic, they would at once repudiate the principle  forced upon them and accepted as a mat-ter of expediency, and would advocate the true papal principle Ñ the union of church and state. Those who are fa-miliar with the history of the papacy can entertain no doubt that this is a correct forecast of the situation. "A Moral Union" More authoritative and more clear than either of the declarations already quoted is the statement made by " Very Rev. D. I. McDermott," in a lecture delivered in Saint Mary's Church, Philadelphia, Dec. 6, 1908. This lecture, which is a reply to the letter of the Lutheran min-isters to President Roosevelt, has been printed with the approval of the Cath-olic censor and Archbishop Ryan. In it the teaching of the popes concerning the union of church and state is thus inter-preted: Ñ In advocating a moral union of church and state, the popes teach that state and church are distinct and supreme, each in its order ; but that they are not sepa-rated ; that they are united just as body and soul, though distinct, are united ; that, as the welfare of the body de-pends largely upon its subjection to rea-son, so the welfare of the state depends largely upon following the guidance of the church ; that, as the uncontrolled ap-petites of the body would war against the aspirations of the soul, and involve both body and soul in destruction, so would legislation uncontrolled by the law of God, war against the prerogatives of the church and inflict injury upon both state and church ; that as the separation of the body from the soul is physical death, so the separation of the state from the church is moral death. Here we have the papal idea of the relation between church and state clearly defined. With an exhibition of that casuistry for which Roman Catholic reasoners are noted, this lecturer de-clares that the popes regard the state and church as " distinct and supreme. each in its order," while at the same time affirming that they are as closely 