LIBERTY 29 bor and ordinary worldly affairs become criminal at twelve o'clock on Saturday night, and cease to be criminal twenty-four hours later; they assume that the specific twenty-four hours known as the " first day " of the week may not be de-voted to ordinary affairs, because of the sinfulness and immorality resulting from such use of those specific hours. The fact that religious leaders are the main promo-ters of Sunday legislation shows that re-ligious convictions are at the basis of Sun-day laws and that religious ends are sought through their enforcement. The terms used, although somewhat modified in mod-ern times, denote that the proposed laws spring from religious conceptions. There can be no distinction between " secular " and " sacred," " worldly " and " unworldly," except on religious grounds. There is no reason, either in logic or in the nature of our civil institutions, why the first day of the week should be legislated into a day of idleness any more than the fourth; day. Through all history cessation from " worldly pursuits" on either the seventh or the first day of the week has been con-sidered a form of religious duty. Actions and transactions intrinsically right which promote prosperity, good order, and righteousness, can not be changed into crimes at a given moment,Š by the clock, Š and purged from criminality " by act of Parliament " twenty-four hours later. If there be need of protecting employed persons from abuse 'or overwork, that need will be met in full by some law like the following: Š "Be it enacted, That every employed per-son shall be entitled to one day of rest each.  week. The claiming of this right shall not prejudice, injure, nor interfere with any engagement, position, employment, or re-muneration as between employed persons and those by whom they are employed." In view of the foregoing, and of many similar reasons, your memorialists respect-fully urge Congress not to enact any of the Sunday-law bills now before your hon-orable body. In behalf of the Seventh-day Baptists of the United States, by the American Sab-bath Tract Society, Plainfield, N. J.: STEPHEN BABCOCK, President; ABRAM HERBERT LEWIS, Corresponding Secretary. The Other Man's Conscience CONSCIENCE, if your Honors please, is a tender thing, and tenderly to be regarded: and in the same proportion in which a man treasures his own integrity, sets up the light of conscience within him as the glory of God shining in him to discover to him the truth, so ought he to regard the conscience of every other man, and apply the cardinal maxim of Christian life and practise, " Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so to them."Š Hon. Stanley Matthews, in an argument before the Superior Court of Cincinnati, General Term, 1869. State,Paid Religious Teachers C. M. SNOW THERE was the best of reason for believ-ing that the element in this country which is desirous of enforcing religious observ-ances upon the people would take advan-tage of the Supreme Court's dictum that this is a Christian nation, and endeavor through the influence of that decision to unite religion and the state in America. In the minds of that class the state ex-ists to serve the interests of the church; and reasoning 'from that basis, they con-sider it legitimate to enforce religious ob-servances by law and secure the teaching of religion by the paid servants of the state. A great outcry was recently made in New York when it was proposed to eliminate distinctively Christian songs from the public schools. At a Methodist confer-ence held in New York City, April 6, much time was devoted to a discussion of this matter,. and the following resolution was passed: Š " Although the highest courts in the land, both State and National, have declared the United States to be a Christian country, there seems to be a wide-spread attempt to nullify such declarations, and in the city of New York the board of education has both directly and indirectly, in deference to the demands made by certain citizens, put its veto on any reference to the name of our divine Lord and Master. " Its song-book, introduced last fall, con-tains hymns in which the name of Jesus Christ and any reference to him have been expunged, and the sense intended by the authors has been violated. Therefore,Š 