REPRESENTATIVE CRUM-PACKER, OF INDIANA 34 4084 LIBERTY ing that the Sabbath should be spent in pleasure and sports of various kinds. The writer is a firm believer in absolute rest from all worldly or secular pur-suits on the Sabbath, but all this should be the result of one's own choice, and not in any way compulsory. The late Charles Spurgeon aptly said : Š Let the Lord's day be respected by all means, . . . but let it be done by the force  of conviction, and not by the force of policemen ; let true religion triumph by the power of God in men's hearts, and not by fines and imprisonments. " The Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath." These words were spoken by Jesus Christ, the author of the Sabbath, after rebuking the Phar-isees because of their needless traditions which had made it a burden instead of a blessing. K. C. R. A Threatened Invasion of Vital Principles Three Congressmen THE extra session of the sixty-second Congress was in many respects a mem- orable one. Measures affecting the relation of the States to the federal gov-ernment have been introduced, and con-sidered very fully. Likewise, changes in the matter of popular elections involving funda-mental principles of the government were proposed. These measures brought forth stirring speeches from members of the Sen-ate, as well as of the House of Representatives ; and as these speeches re-flect very largely the voice of the fathers of our coun-try, we print herein ex-cerpts from three of them, and recommend them to the attention of liberty-loving American citizens, not because we are desirous of dealing with the " initiative and referendum and, recall," but because principles are enun-ciated in these addresses which apply directly to the question of religious liberty. The first extract below is from Mr. Crumpacker, a representative from the State of Indiana. Sound a Warning "The Infallibility of the Majority" The doctrine of the infallibility of the majority is a dangerous political heresy. It inevitably leads to the overthrow of all limitations on the powers of government. If majorities can make no mistakes, there can be no need for constitutions when laws are made directly by the people. The laws will be right simply because they will have the sanction of the majority behind them. The Declaration of Independence pro-claims that all men are created equal, and are en-dowed with certain inal-ienable rights, and that it is the paramount duty of government to safeguard the citizen in the enjoy-ment of those rights. There is a latitude of liberty that belongs to every citizen by virtue of his manhood that no power on earth can justly take from him. This liberty is es- sential to his growth and development, and to the fulfilment of that destiny which is appointed to him by the God who created him. Government and laws and institutions are ordained for the protec- tion of the citizen in those fundamental rights. It is as great a wrong for the government itself to invade those natural rights as it is for the assassin or the high- 