LIBERTY 31 ion is given to point men away from this world, to a better land. God surely never intended that his people should be so cruelly treated here that they should seek for another Š a heavenly country. John the Revelator declares that " he that lead-eth into captivity shall go into captivity : he that killeth with the sword must be killed with the sword." Rev. 13: 1o. The execution of this law will fall with terrible force upon those who make men captive for doing God's bidding. It is true, as clergymen complain, that the Christian Sunday is fast becoming godless. Sports and pleasures of all kinds are filling in the hours. But the first day of the week has always been  godless, so far as relates to any special notice God has ever given it. The Cre-ator never recognized it as above any of the other working-days. Why should the people observe it? Ministers of all the prominent denominations have confessed that the Sabbath has never been changed by God from the seventh to the first day. Why should they then complain when men accept their confession, and use it as they do any other holiday? Shall we not worship God on the Sab-bath instituted by him, and trust to him to preserve its sanctity? No law enacted by any government on earth can preserve or add any sanctity to God's Sabbath. Washington, D. C. Ł -wow- Ł Divine and Civil Governments H. W. COTTRELL THE realms of divine and civil gov-ernments are clearly defined by Christ in the Word of God. The divine govern-ment has its moral law, deals with the motives of men, directs in all questions of conscience and religion Š leaving the individual free to choose his religion, or to choose to be irreligious, as he may decide for himself Š condemns sin, and will in the last day call the impenitent to an account, that he may receive his chosen deserts. God ordained and grants to men all natural, inherent, inalienable rights. " What hast thou that thou didst not receive ? " When man became supremely selfish, as shown in his desire to take the life and property of his fellow man, God ordained civil government with human authority, to protect every man in the enjoyment of natural, God-given rights, against any invasion of those rights by any other man or body of men, thus assuring to every man his civil and religious liberty. Civil government has its civil laws and penalties attached thereunto by God-given right ; but it can never, by Heaven's authority, have religious laws upon its statute-books. Civil government can not create a single right; neither is  it in the purview of civil government to invade rights, but to protect rights ; to protect the majority in the enjoyment of their rights ; to protect the small minority Š one lone man Š from the invasion of the realm'of conscience in religion, or in non-religion, by the majority, provided only that the one receiving protection in matters of conscience, life, religion, or property is not himself trespassing upon the equal rights of others in following the leadings of his conscience in matters of religion. We are to-day face to face with the moral question of the right or the wrong of civil government's legislating on questions of religion, and thus of con-science. However, the Supreme Court of the universe has rendered a decision upon this question, and from its deci-sion there can be no appeal. Our Lord Decides the Question Christ was asked by some of his en-emies if it was lawful to pay taxes to the civil government. Thus the record : " Show me the tribute-money. And they brought unto him a penny. And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and su-perscription ? They say unto him, Caesar's [the civil government's. Then 