LIBERTY  29 with any propriety or show of reason, be based on the law of God which requires the observance of the seventh day. The Spirit of Intolerance Revealed The remarks of the author regarding the clauses in various State Sunday laws which exempt those who keep the seventh day, reveal the true spirit of religious intoler-ance that is back of this whole Sunday-law movement. The exemption clause in the Sunday law of the State of Maine reads thus: " No person conscientiously believing that the seventh day of the week' ought to be ob-served as the Sabbath, and actually re- fraining from secular business and labor on that day, is liable to said penalties for doing such business on the first day of the week, if he does not disturb other persons." Ñ Sec. 28. But note Mr. Wylie's comment on this. He says: " The law of this State is de- serving of high praise. The exception, however, in favor of those who observe Saturday goes too far in allowing them to do business as well as to labor on the Lord's day." 'Concerning the Sunday laws of Michigan and their exemption, he says: " With the exception of the liberty allowed to Saturday-keepers both to labor and to transact business on the Sabbath [Sunday], this law is of superior excellence." Referring to the Sunday law of 'Con-necticut, he says: " The law of this State is defective in permitting those who ob-serve the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath to engage in both business and labor on the Lord's day. In other respects it is an excellent statute." Similar remarks are made concerning other exemption clauses. We do not quote these because we are in favor of Sunday laws with exemptions; but to show the real spirit that actuates the so-called " Reformers " and advocates of Sunday legislation. This is still more clearly shown from the following regarding the Arkansas Sunday law: " In 1886 the Supreme Court of Arkansas, in Scales versus State, upheld the constitutionality of the law whether or not it excepts from its operation, either wholly or in part, those who keep another day. The court ¥said: ' The law which imposes the penalty operates upon all  alike.' " In other words, all, irrespective of conscientious convictions or religious be-lief or practise, must bow to the Sunday decree of the State. Note the " Reformers " approval of this law: " There are few States whose Sabbath laws deserve more praise and less criticism than that of Arkansas." In a map of the United States published in the book, the States having the strong-est Sunday laws are represented in white; those having laws " weakened by numerous exceptions," are shaded; while the two States and one Territory having no Sunday law, are printed in black. From all this it is plain to be seen how. if church and state are united here, the prophecy of Rev. 13:11-18 will meet its fulfilment in this country, and how those who " fear God and keep his com-mandments " will be put under the ban of merciless measures. In the utterances here quoted are revealed the dragon voice, against those who refuse to worship an apostate power, and receive its mark. Let all beware of the spirit behind Sunday leg-islation. Lessons from History W. A. COLCORD EVERY fifty years, according to divine command, Israel was to " proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabit-ants thereof." Lev. 25: ro. They failed to do this, and became proud, selfish, and oppressive; therefore God said to them: " Ye have not 'hearkened unto me, in pro-claiming liberty, every one to his 'brother, and every man to his neighbor: behold, I proclaim a liberty for you, saith the Lord, to the sword, to the pestilence, and to the famine; and I will make you to be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth." Jer. 34: 17. From this we may learn that God loves liberty and hates oppression, and that he will punish those who oppress their fellow men. God's law forbids making and bowing down to images. Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, made a great image, and com-manded all to 'bow down and worship it. Three Hebrews refused, for which they were cast into the fiery furnace. But God miraculously delivered them, thus demon-strating that civil rulers have no right to 