LIBERTY 7 in any church-and-state government of the past. If the state is to have a re-ligion and practise it, it must express it through somebody and practise it upon somebody. They may think they can get along without individuals when they are considering the " so-called rights of the individual ; " but when it comes to the matter of having a state practise " its own religion," they must have individuals then for it to practise on. It never can demonstrate that it has religion until it can compel individual men and women to act out the religion it has espoused. And that is the National Reform pro-tection against a union of church and state ! It consists in having the two so completely one that there is no longer two, and therefore nothing to be united. It would be a more complete blending of the two institutions than anything that has ever been seen in that field of oper-ation. Through this subterfuge, they may deny that they propose a union of church and state ; but they can not deny that they propose a church-state. As be-tween the two, who can choose the bet-ter, when both are as bad as anything in that line can be? C. M. S. Teaching American Principles in Rome IN an editorial explaining " what Methodists are doing in Rome," the New York Christian Advocate of April 14 says: Š The Methodists in Rome are in the vanguard of that section of the Italian people which demands perfect liberty of conscience for every man and woman in Italy ; that the public schools shall be absolutely free from clerical interference and from ecclesiastical control ; that no taxes shall be levied upon the people for the support of any church, of any bishop or priest, or of any ecclesiastical institu-tion. . . . In short, the Methodists stand firmly with those who demand the sep-aration of church and state in Italy. As every one will readily recognize, these are strictly American principles of civil government (and Christian as well), quite at variance with ancient, medieval, and Old-World ideas. It is to be hoped that our good Methodist friends in this country will be as true to these principles as this showing represents them as being in Rome. If they are, they will not be 'demanding of either city, State, or na-tional government, laws compelling peo-ple to keep Sunday as the Sabbath; for such laws are an interference with " per-fect liberty of conscience," and are not in accord with the principles of " the sep-aration of church and state." Civil government has no more right to tax the people one seventh of their time to support or show respect to some relig-ion or ecclesiastical institution than it has to tax them one seventh of their means for the same purpose. Let all who desire to keep a day do so; but let there be no compulsion. At a hearing on a Sunday bill before the House District Committee, Feb. 15, 1909, Representative McMillan, of New York, spoke wisely when he said, " I would rather have a love and a respect for the Sabbath day implanted in a man's heart than all the laws you could put on the statute-books." This is the true American and Christian idea of religion and religious observances Š love, not law ; faith, not force; conviction, not coercion. w. A. C. The "Christian Amendment" Demonstrated Useless SAID the Rev. J. S. Martin, superin-tendent of the National Reform Asso-ciation, at a hearing before a sub-com-mittee of Congress, on April 12 of this year : Š The crowning reason [for what his as-sociation terms " the Christian amend-ment to the national Constitution "] is, 