LIBERTY 39 ment, no more proves denial or irreverence than the absence of those names in a mathematical treatise, or the statutes of a bank or railroad corporation. The title ' Holiness' does not make the pope of Rome any holier than he is, and it makes the contradiction only more glaring in such characters as Alexander VI. The book of Esther and the Song of Solomon are undoubtedly productions of devout wor-shipers of Jehovah; and yet the name of God does not occur in them. " We may go further and say that the Constitution not only contains nothing which is irreligious or unchristian, but is Christian in substance though not in form. It is pervaded by the spirit of justice and humanity, which are Christian. The First Amendment could not have originated in any pagan or Mohammedan country, but presupposes Christian civilization and cul-ture. Christianity alone has taught men to respect the sacredness of the human personality as made in the image of God and redeemed by Christ, and to protect its rights and privileges, including the free-dom of worship, against the encroachments of the temporal power and the absolutism of the state."Š" Church and State," page 40. It might not be out of place in this connection to call attention to the fact that the constitution of the Confederate States, framed at Montgomery, Alabama, during the civil war did contain the words " Almighty God," and invoked his favor and guidance. Yet this proved nothing concerning the righteousness or unright-eousness of the Confederate cause. Fur-ther, that constitution, though it contained the name of God, died with the Confed-eracy in 1865, while the " supreme law " of the nation, which does not contain the name of the Deity, still lives. " You have, perhaps, been somewhere told, as if it were the last refinement of appreciative praise, that the Constitution of your country should be valued as if each word were of coined substance of gold. Permit me to say that that eulogy is a sickly, sentimental slander of its mighty guardianship of human rights. Gold in-deed! The American Constitution is drained from human agony and tears. That Constitution represents the gathered warnings of liberty from all ages. Its every clause is conceived from the meas- ureless anguish of our self-tortured race. Its every word is distilled from the blood of martyred millions. In its recital of the two brief prohibitions regarding religion may be heard the shriek of the myriad followers of Christ nailed to the crosses, of the Cmsars, the groans of three cen-turies of victims to the Roman Inquisition, the sigh of millions of martyrs slain by wheel and flood and flaming fagot, the sob and moan of desolate women through a thousand years of war for opinion, the clash and clang of bloody steel, the thunder of slaughtering chariot and canon driven by mortal hate and frenzy in battle-fields heaped with religious murder through twenty centuries of human history. From the shadow of these horrors the Consti-tution of this republic was made to save us, and protect humanity in all future." Š William Jackson Armstrong. We protest against Congress making any law respecting religion. We do this be-cause we are Christians ; because we love religion, and the nation, and its splendid liberty; and do not wish to see the ship of state wrecked upon the rocks of a union of church and state. Let the liberties guaranteed to us by the Constitution be in no way abridged. The First American Declaration of Independence W. A. SPICER THE first formal declaration of Ameri-can independence was signed and pro-claimed in North Carolina. The monument commemorating the sign-ing of this declaration stands in front of the Mecklenburg County court-house, in the thriving, beautiful city of Charlotte, one of the industrial centers of the New South. In the days of 1775, the North Carolina colonists were protesting against arbitrary acts on the part of their governor and the crown officers. The governor met the protests by dissolving the colonial assem-bly. It was not a time, however, when re-pressive measures could avail. Denied the right of protest through the regularly elected representatives of the colonial assembly, the whole people were moved to demand the right of self-govern-, ment. Mecklenburg County led in the movement. 