Temperance "Prohibition Doesn't Prohibit " FRANKLIN BLISS IT is a favorite saying among the friends of license that " prohibition doesn't prohibit." Such will trium-phantly cite failures in well-known pro-hibition counties or States. Kansas and Maine are especially singled out as sig-nally illustrating this antitemperance paradox. In large cities where there are enough pastors of the same denomination, it is customary for each of the numerically great church bodies to have its own " preachers' meeting," nearly always on Monday. In one of the finest cities on the American continent the pastors of a denomination justly famed for its all-round interest in temperance and prohibi-tion, had requested one of their number to give them on a certain Monday an address on " Prohibition in Kansas." He was selected for this address because it was well known that he had recently vis-ited Kansas " to see at first-hand " the " real workings of prohibition "Š and of course he " would know what he was talking about " ! The setting forth of the " true situ-ation " in Kansas by this enthusiastic clerical friend of the " Drink-a-Little League "Š and, remember, he had "just seen with his own eyes "Š was so differ-ent from anything the reverend hearers had read in their church or prohibition papers; so different from what their " survival of the fittest " sentiments ne-cessitated ; so like pictures of the situation drawn by saloon-keepers and whisky newspapers, that every member of that company hung his head and looked as if he had lost his dearest friend. It was indeed a sad and disappointed group. What were they to do? They had for years been pointing their congregations to Kansas as an illustrious, triumphant, con-crete proof of the impregnability of their  position on the liquor question Š prohi-bition as against license or any other form of " regulation." Now must they retract Š must they ? But, hold ! A brother rises in a dis-tant corner of the room. The chair rec-ognizes him. "Brethren," he says, " I had not thought of it before, but I think we have never had in our preachers' meet-ing a minister of our church from the State of Kansas. Whether or not it has been because we have not absolutely needed them I can not say; but after the paralyzing things we have heard this morning from that State, it seems to me nothing less than a divine providence that has brought one of them into our com-pany on this occasion. Permit me to in- troduce Rev. Dr. , who has been in our pastorate in Kansas for many years, and whose church labors have taken him to all parts of the State. Shall I join you in inviting him to tell us how years of residential familiarity with the workings of prohibition there have impressed him? I do not know his sentiments on this question ; but, whatever they may be, shall we not request him to tell us what evidences for or against have compelled the position he takes ? " A warm hand-clapping indicated the general desire to hear this stranger from the Sunflower State, and the chair in-vited him to favor the company with such remarks on the subject as he might .choose to make. The doctor thus called forward was very pleasant-faced as well as thor-oughly intelligent looking, and the gen-eral impression could hardly be other than that whatever he said could be relied upon as well weighed, and backed by evidence. He began by telling how many years he had been in Kansas, how large a por-tion of it he had visited, and what pains 