LIBERTY 131 Rome did not use the word persecution " way back yonder," when she persecuted the Christians until the streams of Eu-rope flowed crimson with the blood of martyrs. Rome never admitted that she was persecuting anybody. She was simply enforcing the law. Every per-secutor pleads the dignity of the law, and the persecuted in his sight are atheists, traitors, and anarchists to religion and to the state. The struggles for individual freedom and for the free exercise of one's con-science are not wholly over yet, even in America. We boast of our personal rights and liberties in America to wor-ship God according to the dictates of our  own consciences without interference on the part of the state ; but in some of our States personal liberty to worship God unmolested, without recognition of the State Sunday laws, is a myth. The dis-senter has religious liberty in theory only, hidden' away in the seldom-read articles of the Constitution, but in fact and prac-tice it is denied to him. He is granted freedom only when he also is willing to submit to the requirements of the state religion. After all, in some respects and in some sections of our fair republic, we are not far in advance of pagan Rome in the way we deal with dissenters on re- ligious questions. C. S. L. The Gospel and the Boycott NOWHERE in the recorded sermons or instructions of our Lord; nowhere in any of the writings of his disciples or apos-tles ; in short, nowhere between the two covers of the Bible are the people of the Lord instructed or permitted to use the methods of the boycott in promoting the interests of the church. Only once are boycott methods mentioned in the Word of God, and then Inspiration plainly des-ignates the character of the power that adopts that mode of operation. It is that mighty federation of apostasy which finally succeeds in aligning the whole un- converted world against God and his peo-ple for the actual culmination of the age-old struggle between love and hate, right-eousness and sin. Concerning that boy-cott we read : Š " And he [a power composed of fed-erated religious organizations] causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads: and that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name." Rev. 13: 16, 17. 'The expression " that ,no man might buy or sell," designates that movement at once as a boycott. The power which makes use of that weapon is a power that is antagonistic to the true God, antago-nistic to the freedom of the people in the worship of the true God, and antagonis-tic to a class of people who persist in worshiping the true God according to the dictates of their conscience. Nowhere in the chapter does the rev-elator speak approvingly of the work of the power that uses the boycott; nowhere in the Bible does God speak approvingly of that mode of operation. It is the weapon of force, of compulsion, and is the very antithesis of the gospel and of the character and work of Christ. It is antichristian in every feature. In that chapter of Revelation to which we have referred, it is very plainly man-ifest that the boycott is used to compel men to perform a religious act which is contrary to the dictates of their con-sciences. If it were not so, there would he no necessity of enforcing its decree in that particular with the penalty of death. 