98 LIBERTY The glory of the Dutch is that they stood firm and undismayed at a period in the history of nations when all the pow-ers of darkness, supplemented by all the powers of the visible church and of the state commanded by a sovereign who controlled almost the whole of the civi-lized world, opposed them. That sov-ereign, thus backed, thus supported, said to the Dutchman : " Surrender your lib-erty to my autocracy, surrender your re-ligion to my dogma, and you shall be free from persecution. If you resist my autocracy, if you deny my dogma, then will your cities be sacked, your country ravaged, your old men murdered, your young men tortured, and your women dishonored; " and the Dutchman said, " I accept all these dangers, rather than fetter my conscience and lose my lib-erty." You may search the histories of the peoples from the beginning of recorded time, and there is nothing in the efforts made by man to preserve the precious principles which make life worth the liv- ing which equals the eighty years' fight of the Dutch against the whole world for the liberties of which we are the inher-itors. In that fight the Dutch created a republic which had in it the federal prin-ciple adopted by the United States, and a declaration largely copied by Jefferson in the Declaration of Independence. Where you see the genius of trade making the wilderness a garden, and the watercourse resound with the hum of busy industry and religion enforced by the machinery of the state, that is Yan-kee. Where you see coming from the church of the Catholic, from the syna-gogue of the Jew, from the meeting-house of the Episcopalian, the Method-ist, the Baptist, the Presbyterian, or the Unitarian, the people, who, while wor-shiping according to their own ideas, rec-ognize the equal right of all men so to worship,Š that is Dutch. The Dutchman liberalized the Puritan, and after hard work upon him for thir-teen years transformed him from a Puri-tan to a Pilgrim. tg "Starvation and Anarchy Will Follow National Prohibition " BY W. E. GERALD THE direful and startling prediction that " starvation and anarchy will follow national prohibition," was made by Con-gressman James A. Gallivan in a speech denouncing prohibition, at the annual banquet of the Brewers' Association of Massachusetts, at the Copley-Plaza Ho-tel, on the evening of May 26, 1915. As reported in the Boston Post of May 27, dealing with the economic side of the question, Mr. Gallivan said : Š " I think it high time for some one to swat the American people with something to bring them to a realizing sense of what this pro-hibition movement really means Š what it would mean in moral and financial loss to the country. How many of the people who prate so glibly of nation-wide prohibition Š how many of them do you suppose have the slight-est conception of what it means? Those peo-ple particularly who go up and down the land  regulating other people's conduct and morals for themŠ for a consideration Š how many of that class know or care what the ultimate cost would be of this monstrous evil they are trying to foist upon us in the name of a righteous reform? " Well, a few of the wise ones do. And, believe me, they are fortifying themselves against the day of reckoningŠfrom the sainted apostle of modesty and pure English, Billy Sunday, down to the humblest disciple of grape juice salvation. They're all right, but what about you and me? Where do we get off when the millennium comes? " There are 242,221 persons or corporations dealing in or manufacturing liquors in this country who would be put out of business by national prohibition; there are 1,115,589 men who earn their daily bread directly from the manufacture and sale of liquors who would be rendered jobless; there are 736,792 car-penters, painters, machinists, and others in al-lied industries who would be thrown out of work. Thus there are almost 2,000,000 men 