LIBERTY 45 forgotten that those were the days of eminent men of learning, among whom were authors like Jean Armand Du Bourdieu, lawyers of the Grostete class, university professors like Samuel de l'Angle, Orientalists after the order of Jean Gagnier, annalists headed by Abel Boyer, cele-brated physicians like Sebastian le Fevre, and clergymen such as Pierre du Moulin, with many others. Surely civilization and enlightenment were not lacking in those days. Education in those times was no antidote against religious bigotry, and it is much the same now; for many highly educated men arc not wanting who openly affirm that government is a divine institution after the order of the " divine right of kings." At least they boldly declare that " Christianity is so far involved in the vital constitution of the country, has so much to do with its civilization, and is the basis of civil order to so large a degree that it is entitled to respect and to protection on  the part of the government as no other reli-gion is." But in the name of all that is fair on behalf of man's God-given rights in the free exercise of mental power, why should a civil state, something essentially secular, be asked to be-come the supporter of any religion, something essentially spiritual? Given all that the fore-going quoted words suggest, no more would be needed to make the civil power enforce the doctrines of Christianity by legislation, even upon unwilling subjects, who might be adher-ents of some other form of faith. That would be a long step toward the conditions which obtained in the sixteenth century in the French government. Before entering even the lighter shadow of such a course, it will be well for all, the common people together with those of the religious higher-ups, to study what the prob-able results of such a movement would be, and how it would affect their destiny. A Universal Passion for Liberty By W.51-1.1Edwards WHEN the noble framers of the Decla-ration of Independence evolved that wonderful document, they builded more profoundly than empire makers ever had done before, who never had dared to admit to their subjects the principle of equality. " We hold these truths to be self-evident," declared they, " that all men are created equal," and are endowed by their Creator with liberty, as one of the inherited gifts among others; and that liberty means liberty Š both civil and religious. When God instructed man on the question of prerogative he said, " Have dominion "Š over other men? No! Š" over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cat-tle, . . . and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth." Things, not man! No nation before this one has ever ventured to declare to its people that all men are created equal. Kingly authority would have crumbled to dust in the presence of such universal knowl-edge. To maintain this principle of divine genesis, what blood has not been shed and lives sacri-ficed by heroes in all ages and lands who be-lieved God's Word, and chose to differ from the mandates of the state! Unless born in serfdom, there is in the hu-man heart a consuming passion for liberty. Even the animals resent the invasion of their rights. A neighbor had an old dog that roamed around the city to the annoyance of the people, so he fastened the beast in a nice arbor in the garden at the rear of the house, where a soft  bed was made for him. While he was tied he would howl and whine as he lay there; when released he would run around and frolic for a few minutes, then go back and lie down in the very same spot and sleep most comfortably. When the chain was again attached to his col-lar, sleep was forgotten, and his whining began anew. That dog loved liberty. The best place that could be provided was simply a prison to him when he was not free. I have stood with uncovered head at the old house where Roger Williams once lived, at the corner of Essex and Bridge Streets, Salem, Mass., and recalled to mind the indignities heaped upon that noble and undaunted man by civil and religious dignitaries Š despots Š be-cause he dared not only to believe, but to propagate and defend, the principle of personal liberty in things religious, something entirely foreign to the ethics of his time. I am glad that the old house still stands there as a memorial to liberty and to Roger Williams, the fearless. The old " First Church " in which Mr. Williams preached is yet preserved at Plummer Hall, a few blocks farther east, on Essex Street. When a boy I many times passed the old " Witch House " in Danvers, Mass., where Rev. Increase Mather and Rev. Mr. Parris had lived a century and more before; but the gallows that had formerly stood in the yard had dis-appeared before my day. It was on this gal-lows that the little Indian servant, declared to be a witch, is said to have been executed; and a few miles farther south, near Salem, 