LIBERTY 23 against the day of judgment and perdi-tion of ungodly men." " Nevertheless we, according to his promise, look for new heavens and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness." 2 Peter 3: 7, 13. Not until the earth is made new after " the day of judgment and destruc-tion of ungodly men" (R. V.) will men learn to live at peace and " learn war no more." This world is not to be regener-ated and reformed by man's own devis-ing or through civil law in the last day, but by God's own special act of destroy-ing the impenitent and ungodly, and re-inhabiting the earth with the redeemed of all ages, saved through Christ. The human race is not its own savior. The unregenerate human heart is full of strife, and cannot of its own self change its nature. In spite of all that human ingenuity may devise to stay the power of the war  god, we do not believe that he can be conquered or subdued and lasting peace be ushered in by signing peace treaties or by purchasing a few old swords and beating them into plowshares. War and strife will continue among selfish men and nations " until He come whose right it is " to reign. While we do not believe that the ever-lasting kingdom of God is going to be established by civil enactments among men or nations without a spiritual change of heart, yet we believe that we, as co-workers with divine Providence, should do all in our power to frustrate the evil designs of militarism, that life may be made endurable until the determined counsel of the Almighty is accomplished by his special act of intervention at the last great day, when an entirely new or-der of things is to be established for eternity. c. s. L. lŁV The People of California Reject Sunday Legislation FRANK A. COFFIN CALIFORNIA has voiced her emphatic protest against a Sunday law. The so-called Barbers' Sunday Bill was over-whelmingly defeated at the last State election, November 3. The majority against it was 167,211. The measure re-ceived 290,679 votes, and 457,890 voted against it. The number voting against it doubtless would have been much larger had the people fully comprehended the evils which would have followed its en-actment. The bill was a long one, containing twenty-two sections and subsections. The title, " An Act to Provide for One Day in Seven as a Day of Rest," was misleading, since the bill specifically des-ignated Sunday as the day to be observed. California has had a one-day-rest-in-seven law upon the statute books for" twenty-one years. Had the barbers' bill  passed, its tendency would have been to give the expression " one day in seven " the legal meaning of " Sunday," since Sunday is the particular day in seven named in the body of the bill. Although the California State Feder-ation of Barbers was behind the measure, it did not affect the barbers more than many other classes of labor. It would have affected fruit growers, agricultur-ists, and ordinary laborers of the State very drastically. Even housework was forbidden on Sunday. Children might not assist their parents in labor about the premises on that day, for it was declared-" unlawful to require any person or per-sons to engage in any occupation more than six days." The bill was aimed to strike all classes, with the exception of those exempted. The exemptions included those lines of 