4 LIBERTY convictions of our citizens, and contain scurrilous and slanderous attacks upon Faith." What was done to carry this resolu-tion into effect was told in the annual report of the secretary of the federation, printed in the Bulletin of the American Federation of Catholic Societies for Oc-tober, iii:Š "Mr.1911  A. V. D. Waterson, chairman of the law committee, took up the matter with Hon. Francis J. Burke, a Catholic member of Congress. Mr. Burke in-formed Federation that the extra ses-sion of Congress would hardly consider the matter, and advised that the matter be taken up next fall when the regular session of Congress will begin. We hope to be able to report at the next conven-tion that such a measure has been passed by Congress, which will put a stop to the circulation through the mails, at least, of books and papers which defame relig-ion and their spiritual leaders." The delegates to the tenth annual con-vention of the federation held at Colum-bus, Ohio, Aug. 20-24, 1911, reaffirmed the desire for this proposed legislation in the following resolution : Š "Resolved, That the Federation of Catholic Societies do enter their solemn protest against the mailing or offering for sale of obscene literature, including under this title books, papers, writings, and prints which outrage religious con-victions of our citizens and contain scur-rilous and slanderous attacks upon our faith." Before entering upon a discussion of this proposed legislation, we wish to call attention to the fact that in taking this action, calling upon Congress to amend the present law so as to abridge the lib-erty of the press, the American Federa-tion of Catholic Societies is acting in per-fect harmony with the principles laid down by the highest ecclesiastical au-thorities of the Roman Catholic Church. This will be clearly seen from the ex-tracts here given from papal documents. In the Syllabus of Dec. 8, 1864, pub-lished by Pope Pius IX, which con- demned the " principal errors of our time," various " errors having reference to modern liberalism " are condemned, and among these " errors " is the fol-lowing: Š " It is untrue that the civil liberty of every form of worship, and the full power given to all to openly and pub-licly manifest whatsoever opinions and thoughts, lead to a more ready corrup-tion of the minds and morals of the peo-ple and to the spread of the plague of religious indifference." In his book " Der Pabst and die Modernen Ideen," the Jesuit Schrader, a vigorous defender of the Papacy, inter-prets this proposition into this positive form : Š " It is true that freedom of worship granted by the States, and permission given to every one to publish all manner of opinions and views, lead easily to the corruption of manners and of sentiments among the nations, and to the diffusion of the bane of indifference." In his encyclical letter " Immortale Dei," Nov. 1, 1885, Pope Leo XIII ex-pressed in no uncertain form the papal view concerning liberty of thought, of speech, and of the press. To quote his words: Š " So, too, the liberty of thinking and of publishing whatsoever each one likes, without any hindrance, is not in itself an advantage over which society can wisely rejoice. On the contrary, it is the fountainhead and origin of many evils." " Gregory XVI, in his encyclical letter Mirari Vos,' of date Aug. 15, 1832, in-veighed with weighty words against the sophisms, which even at his time were being publicly inculcated ; namely, . . . that it is lawful for every one to publish his own views whatever they may be." In his encyclical letter " Libertas Prx-stantissimum,' June 20, 1888, the same Pope gave further expression to his views upon the subject of liberty: Š " We must now consider briefly lib-erty of speech, and liberty of the press. It is hardly necessary to say that there can be no such right as this, if it be not 