LIBERTY 5 " the chief heir of the Reformation in its purest forms," as the historian Bancroft so aptly styles it in his " History of the For-mation of the Constitution," crystallized the principles set forth by the Reformation, and, before all the world, set the example of accepting in its relations to God and relig-ion the principle first proclaimed by Jesus Christ, in Judea, in the injunction to render to Caesar only that which is Caesar's, and unto. God that which is God's. Before this, " liberty, in the minds of men," says Mr. Ridpath, meant " the privi-lege of agreeing with the majority." Before this every government claimed the right to establish a religion, and to punish those who would not conform to it. But the American Constitution " withheld from the federal government the power to invade the home of reason, the citadel of conscience, the sanctuary of the soul." ' Plainly and boldly it declared that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." A new era had dawned upcn mankind. A new nation, founded upon new principles, had made its appearance in the world. Significant and appropriate indeed was the Latin motto fixed on the reverse side of its Great Seal,Š Novus Ordo Seculorum,Šmeaning, " A New Order of Things." Under this new order of things, says Mr. Ridpath, " proscription has no part nor lot in the modern government of the world. The stake, the gibbet, and the rack, thumbŁ screws, swords, and pillory, have no place among the machinery of civilization. Na-ture is diversified; so are human faculties, beliefs, and practises. Essential freedom is the right to differ, and that right must be sacredly respected." Under this order of things, he tells us the privilege of dissent must be conceded, not with coldness or disdain, but openly, cordially, and with good will. No loss of rank, no abatement of character, no disability, no ostracism from society, must darken the pathway of the humblest seeker after truth. The right of free thought, free inquiry, free speech, and free worship to all men everywhere is  as clear as the noonday sun, and as bound-less as. the air we breathe or the seas we sail upon. But almost from its rise, misguided relig-ionists, styling themselves " National Re-formers," " Christian Lcbbyists," and the like, have sought to subvert the grand, noble, and Christian principles upon which the government of the United States was founded, foist religion and religious ques-tions upon the national legislature, change the Constitution, and, if possible, turn this nation back into the " old order of things," and have a religious establishment set up here,Š have erected, on these fair shores, an image, or likeness, of that intolerant. despotic system and order of things from which the Reformation and the American nation broke away. Such an unfortunate and deplorable thing may yet be done; such an event may yet be brought about ; but if it is, all should know and understand that it can be done only at the expense and sacrifice of liberty, and by going back upon the Christian, constitu-tional, and fundamental principles upon which this nation was founded. Let all understand this, and, understanding it, take their stand accordingly. How National Reformers Are Lobbying Congress With Their Measures THE January number of the Christian Statesman, official organ of the National Reform Association, says : Š Dr. H. H. George wrote to us from Washington after his visit there, December 10-12, that Senator Burrows, of Michigan, had consented to introduce the anti-polyg-amy amendment in the form proposed by the National Reform Association into the Senate, though he was not willing to make any argument in support of it. No one, at the time of writing, had been found to introduce it into the House of Representa-tives. This is but a sample of the manner in which the National Reform Association, the International Reform Bureau, the American Sabbath Union, and other like church-and-state organizations are lobbying 