48 LIBERTY LIBERTY if Magazine of Religious Freedom Set for the Defense of the Rights of Conscienre, and therefore opposed to a Union of Church and State in name or in fact WASHINGTON, D. C., SECOND QUARTER, 1910 Subscription Price - 25 cents a year No Subscriptions accepted for less than one year Organ of the Religious Liberty Association Published Quarterly by REVIEW CtQ HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. ASSOCIATE EDITORS Editorial Contributors: W. W. Prescott, W. A. Spicer, G. B. Thompson, A. J. S. Bourdeau, B. G. Wilkinson (Wash-ington, D. C.) ; L. A. Smith, C. P. Bollman, P. T. Magan, S. B. Horton (Tennessee) ; J. 0. Corliss, W. M. Healey (Cali-fornia) ; E. T. Russell, J. S. Wightman (Nebraska) ; C. S. Long-acre (Massachusetts) ; J. G. Lamson (Minnesota) ; W. 1. Bartlett (England) ; Jean Vuilleumier (France) ; A. W. Ander-son (Australia) ; E. W. Thomann (Chile) ; E. F. Forga (Peru). Entered as second-class matter, May z, :906, at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. " FEAR God, honor the king." ON the last page of the cover of this issue will be found a striking statement by a judge. His statements must appeal to the common sense of every right-thinking man. But the church whose methods he condemns is not the true church of Jesus Christ. That church leans upon the arm of the Almighty, and seeks no power from human kings or congresses. THE anarchist would abolish kings and presidents, and set ruin and confu-sion on the throne of the world. The power-craving religionist would make all kings and presidents subservient to the decrees of popes or church councils, and set the church on the throne of the world. And each object is equally op-posed to the real purpose of Jehovah. Jesus said : " My kingdom is not of this world ; " and when he comes to his own kingdom, he will " dash them [kingdoms of this world] in pieces like a potter's vessel." Ps. 2: 9. There is no place for the kingdoms of this world in the ac- complished purpose of Jehovah. The eternal reward is apportioned to indi-viduals, not to nations. IN our columns of book reviews will be found a number of valuable helps. We can not speak too highly of some of the works there noticed. Our readers should have them all. IN these days when clerical skepticism is so prevalent, there is something re-freshing about these words by Dr. J. W. Weddell : Š " You have treated the Bible scien-tifically, and a true science will always render accord. Yet who by wisdom can find out God ? You have put it through the petty process of induction, and, like Christ, standing in Pilate's court, it has meekly submitted ; but there has been something beyond, and from the skies, that induction, as we know it, could not grasp. Come, brothers, let the Bible stand on its God-given basis and do its predestined and miraculous work." A WORD of explanation should be of-fered our readers as to why the depart-ments on Religion and Science and Temperance do not appear in this issue. It is not for lack of matter of that nature nor' because we fail to appreciate the importance of the subjects usually treated in those departments. As we drew near the time of publication, much matter of a nature that would not wait was poured in ; and it was finally thought wise to make of this particular issue a brief or abstract upon the subject of religious liberty, the principles underly- ing the separation of church and state, and the ruinous results to both nations and individuals where these principles do not obtain or have.  been abandoned after having been secured. Our readers will want to preserve this issue not only because of the splendid galaxy of por-traits which it contains, but also because it is a veritable symposium upon relig-ious liberty. It is our purpose for the future to strengthen our Temperance and Bible and Science departments, so that they will be a real help to our read-ers in successfully meeting the issues of which these departments treat. C. M. SNOW K. C. RUSSELL W. A. COLCORD j EDITOR 