LIBERTY 35 every question by the principle of ma-  and as a necessary sequence, his right to jority rule. There being no higher au-  act within the domain of faith, independ-thority and wisdom than man's, what-  ently of Pope or of king. It was this ever the majority might decree, would which awoke mankind from the mental have to be accepted as right. No indi-  and moral slumber of the Dark Ages, vidual could set up his own judgment and gave birth to the movement for against that of the many ; the minority modern republican government. could not set up its judgment against Jesus Christ died for each son and that of the majority. Individual rights daughter of Adam, individually. And could not exist at all. They would have this infinite price has been paid by no ground to stand upon. The individ-  heaven for the individual only, and for ual would have only such privileges as nothing else on this earth. A human might be allowed him by his fellow men, soul, therefore, is of greater value than from whose decisions he could make no a human government. God made man, appeal. Such is the attitude of atheism but man made civil government. Christ toward individual rights, and such is the died to save the individual soul, but he attitude of every consistent atheist. did not die to save any government, and But happily, individual rights do not no human government will survive the depend for maintenance upon the logic wreck of this earth at the day of God. of atheism. The gospel proclaims a Man, made in the image of God, is higher human relationship than that of alone destined through the provisions man to his fellow man ; it sets before the of divine grace, because of his infinite world the great fact of a Creator, and value in God's sight, to survive the com-of man's relationship to him. Here, in ing wreck of earthly things. this relationship, is found a firm ground This nation began with an acknowl- for individual rights, and this was recog-  edgment of God as the Creator. Upon nized by the signers of the Declaration the assertion that " all men are created of Independence. Only Christian men equal " and " are endowed by their could have given that sublime document Creator with certain inalienable rights " to the world. Man's relation to his was based the justification of its separa-Creator exists independently of the will tion from Great Britain and of its ex-or opinions of his fellow men ; hence, istence as an independent government. there is a sphere of his being into which That was an acknowledgment of God no majority, however great, can right-  in harmony with the principles of Chris-fully intrude. There is a domain in tianity, which stands for individual which he is independent of the civil au-  liberty. Shall we not prefer this true thority. He must not only render " to acknowledgment of the Deity to that Caesar the things that are Caesar's," but now so loudly called for by some, which, " unto God the things that are God's ; " while it will profess to acknowledge and it is no concern of Caesar's how he God, will in works deny him, by denying discharges his duty to God. For this to his creatures those rights with which he is answerable to God, and he must he has endowed them ? Let the atheist, answer for himself individually. No , true to his belief, stand for the subor-company of his fellows, no organization, dination in government of all individual no government, can answer for him. interests to the will of the majority, on History joins with Scripture in giving the principle of the " greatest good to to Christianity the credit for the asser-  the greatest number," but let every tion and maintenance of individual Christian assert the rights which every rights. It was the Reformation of the individual possesses independently of sixteenth century, proclaiming the doc-  state or church, by virtue of having been trine of justification by faith, which as-  made in the image of God. serted man's right to think for himself, Nashville, Tenn. 