LIBERTY 11 4 n the form of this resolution, presented by one of the delegates : Š Resolved, That it is not our intention that anything shall be done to interfere with the convictions of those brethren represented with us in this council who conscientiously observe the seventh in-stead of the first day of the week as a clay for rest and worship. The adoption of this resolution would plainly be tantamount to the acknowledg-ment that some other day than Sunday might be the Lord's day, which would naturally bring out in bold relief the in-consistency of asking for legislation in behalf of one day, when another day was acknowledged to have at least equal claims to sanctity. The necessity for de-fining and limiting the Lord's day arose even sooner, probably, than the council anticipated, being precipitated by this proposed resolution; but the issue was accepted without any hesitation. One delegate said : Š Ł Some people do not believe in the Lord's day, but some other day as the Sabbath. If we do not take a stand upon which day we believe we should observe as a day set apart for the worship of God, and for rest, this will give a wrong impression to the people. Is it the Lord's day or some other day that we are stand-ing for? If it is the Lord's day, we should take the resolutions by the com-mittee, and nothing more, and I trust that the resolution as proposed will not be accepted. We believe in the Lord's clay, and must stand for it. A leading representative of the Baptist denomination, who evidently believed in those principles of religious liberty in be-half of which members of that body have suffered in the past, earnestly supported the resolution, and one of the Seventh-clay Baptist delegates made an urgent appeal to the council in behalf of the conscientious convictions of the people whom he represented, to which the reply was made, in one form or another, that in order to make their demands for the observance of the Lord's day effective,  they must allow only one day to be en-titled to that distinction. In support of this view, one of the bishops of the Meth-odist Church declared: Š We must decide on one day as a Sab-bath, or the whole purpose goes for naught. If we make a formal consent to another day, how can we hope to bring about proper observance of the first day of the week in our mission fields, and in places where there is little disposition to observe it in our own country? The logic of this argument is irresist-ible. When once a great religio-political combination has committed itself to a de-mand for legislation in behalf of the Sabbath, it follows at once that the whole effort will prove useless unless a definite day is designated as the Sabbath. In-stead of withdrawing the demand for legislation when the evil consequences were perceived, the advocates of com-pulsory Sabbath observance urged their claims with increasing vehemency. One argument ran thus : Š The question is whether this council will step back and leave that first day of the week without its clue recognition from us as a body. I believe in some Sabbath day, and this is the only Sabbath clay we will be able to get in this country in one hundred fifty years. One consideration which was urged against the adoption of the resolution is worthy of sp'ecial note: Š If we were to accept the resolution, that gives the impression that we ac-knowledge that there is another day than the first day of the week which is the Lord's day, the Sabbath, a day of rest and for the worship of God, I say that there are those who will take advantage of any such admission on our part. The Jews will feel a little stronger assurance in their belief. They will say that we acknowledge that there is another day than the first day of the week which is the Lord's day. The Seventh-day Adventists will take heart in their antagonism to many of the things which we hold sacred, in addition to their assaults upon the first day of 