102 LIBERTY men have been on the coast arranging for the meeting. From their utterances and published statements can be drawn a good idea of the ends desired. In a recent publication setting forth a declaration of principles to govern the conference, we find the following: " The Word of God is the revelation of his will, and has, therefore, in so far as it relates to national life, a definite applica-tion to nations and governments. Every nation which accepts these principles ought, under the law of self-preservation and in the exercise of its sovereign and inalienable right, to teach them to its future citizens. Christian citizens in all countries ought to uphold the right of the state to educate its citizens. The claim of any citizen or any minority of citizens to veto the state's education of its citizens in Christian morals upon Christian sanc-tion derived from the Word of God in its proper use in the public schools, ought to be vigorously resisted." It is plainly to be seen from this last statement that it is the purpose of the con-ference to secure the teaching of religion as held by the majority. Irrespective of truth or error, the minority will have to pay taxes to have the religion of the majority taught to their children. This would seem to be a direct strike against religious liberty. There has always been danger when the state has dominated the religion of the individual. Just as surely as the state sets out to teach its citizens or future citizens Christian morals, or the Christian religion, which means the same, it must of necessity define morals or religion. As soon as this is done, we have a state religion. That means a union of church and state. A union of church and state is in opposition to true American principles of government. Let us quote again from the declaration of principles of the Christian Citizen-ship Conference : " Inasmuch as the Sab-bath is an integral part of the moral law which is universal in its application and essential to the welfare of the state, Christian citizens in all countries are urged for the sake of the national wel- fare to show by their example their re-gard for the divine appointment of one day in every seven as a day of rest and for worship; to uphold the laws which safeguard it, and to conform their public utilities to this beneficent arrangement of our Creator." One more statement relating to Sun-day and Sunday laws : " By suitable and effective laws every nation should guard the right to the weekly day of rest and worship." It is apparent from these statements .that the conference will go on record as favoring more and stricter Sunday laws. This is also in harmony with the avowed purpose of the National Reform Association, as is seen by the following: " We propose to incorporate in our national Constitution the moral and religious command, ' In the Sabbath thou shalt do no work except the works of necessity,' and by external force of sheriffs we propose to arrest and punish all violators of this law."ŠM. A. Gault. One of the leading men of the Coast is Dr. M. A. Matthews, of Seattle, Wash. In a recent sermon in his large church he said: " The law of ten com-mandments as given to Moses by God at Mt. Sinai is the fundamental element which governs and protects this nation in its exercise of religion. This is a Christian nation. These ten command-!milts should be interwoven in the fed-eral Constitution without the tiniest vari-ation and without a single amendment. And they should be enforced." (Italics ours.) Rev. Dr. Matthews is one of the promoters of the conference. It is proposed to arrange matters so that not only the churches will combine, but the welfare leagues, and by doing this, form a strong lobby so as to push religious legislation through the national Congress and the State legislatures. Al- together this will form a mighty religious combination ; in other words, a religious trust. In the light of past history this is exceedingly dangerous. It would be bet-ter for these reverend gentlemen to spend their time and energy in the ministry of the word and prayer than to endeavor 