10 LIBERTY ernment to interfere in such a question, and enact a law that one of the rival days be observed by all, under penalty of heavy fines. The fact that Sunday-law advocates are unwilling to adopt the example of France shows that the real purpose of the legis-lation demanded is not to provide a rest day for the working man but to compel re-gard for a religious institution. This is the vital issue in all Sunday laws. Judge Cooley on Religious Liberty JUDGE THOMAS M. COOLEY, in his " Con-stitutional Limitations," fifth edition, 1883, in a chapter on religious liberty, says: Š There is not complete religious liberty where any one sect is favored by the state and given an advantage by law over other sects. Whatever establishes a distinction against one class or sect is, to the extent to which the distinction operates unfavorably, a persecution, and, if based on religious grounds, a religious persecution. The ex-tent of the discrimination is not material to the principle. It is enough that it creates an inequality of right or privilege. The foregoing statement of this eminent jurist is manifestly correct. Whenever, therefore, there is any union of the church with the state, some sect or religion is fa-vored and given an advantage over some other sect or religion. - This is one reason why we are opposed to all meddling with religious questions by the civil power. The state is ordained of God to deal with civil matters, and can never properly introduce itself into the realm of religion. Whenever any attempt is made by the state to do so, religious persecution is the inevitable re- sult. It is immaterial, so far as the principle is concerned, as to the special belief, sect, or religion legislated upon. The principle is violated just the same whether the state legislates upon the true faith or upon the false faith. This was recognized in a United States Senate report in 1829, which says: " It is not the legitimate province of the legislature to determine \\ hat  religion is true, or what is false. . . . Let the na-tional !cgislature once perform an act which in vo:v es tlic decision of a religious  controversy, and it will have passed its le-gitimate bounds." The evil lies in the state's deciding a religious controversy. This is a question which the individual conscience must settle, not Congress. It would be just as wrong for the government of the United States to enforce by civil law the Protestant religion upon her citizens as was Spain's attempt to force the Catholic religion upon the Netherlands in the six-teenth century. In the same chapter the learned judge points out how Sunday laws are a violation of the principle of religious liberty. The laws against the desecration of the Christian sabbath [Sunday] by labor or sports are not so readily defensible by argu-ments, the force of which will be felt and admitted by all. It is no hardship to any one to compel him to abstain from public blasphemy or other profanity, and none can complain that his rights of conscience are invaded by this forced respect to a prevail- ing religious sentiment. But the Jew who is forced to respect the first day of the week, when his conscience requires of him the observance of the seventh day, may plausibly urge that the law discriminates against his religion, and, by forcing him to keep a second sabbath each week, unjustly, though by indirection, punishes him for his be'ief. The learned jurist is quite correct in sta-ting that Sunday laws punish the observer of another day for his belief. They virtu-ally lay upon him for religious reasons a tax of one seventh of his time. To argue the justice of any such law in a republican form of government is sheer folly. It would be just as consistent and right for the State to require the observers of the first day to rest on Saturday in deference to the religious convictions of the seventh-day observers (though no seventh-day ob-server has ever asked this), as to require the seventh-day observer to rest in defer-ence to the religious convictions of the first-day observer. To argue otherwise is to put forth the claim that the convictions of the minority are less sacred than those of the majority. , Majorities do not rule in religious matters, and the conscientious convictions of one person in properly con-stituted government will be as sacredly guarded as the convictions of the many. 