Significance of the Sunday Law Decision by the District of Columbia Court of Appeals FOR many years the descendants of the New England Puritans have been impor-tuning the national Congress for 'a Sun-day law for the District of Columbia. They have never forgiven the makers of the Constitution for separating the polit-ical and religious functions of the people, never forgiven the founders of the na-tion for establishing the religious equal-ity of men in this republic. Therefore they have sought to compel the nation to perform an act which would be a stul-tification of itself, a repudiation of that fundamental, but, to them, very obnox-ious principle of the separation of reli-gion from the functions of government. The act by which they seek to accom-plish that undertaking is the passage of a Sunday law for the District of Colum-bia by the federal Congress. The national Constitution as it now stands was designed to guarantee, with all the power of the nation, the religious freedom and equality of every American citizen. Most of the State constitutions have guaranties equally strong for the protection of the religious freedom and equality of their citizens. To be sure, the power of persuasion and the force of an unbalanced personal desire have worked in most of the States to frus-trate the laudable purpose of the makers of these State constitutions; and through that yielding, the States have passed re-ligious laws that infringe upon religious freedom, and place men, because of their religious faith, upon unequal footings. But there stand the constitutions them-selves, bearing eloquent testimony against the iniquitous procedure. Congress during all these years has re-fused to pass the much-desired but stul-tifying legislation. though the force and power of federated religion have dashed 10 against it their waves of petitions, de-mands, and threats. Even " political be-headal " has been declared to be the doom of those legislators who would not yield. Reversing Decision of Judge Gould But recently there appeared a new and interesting development in this sit-uation. The lessee of a baseball park in the District of Columbia desired a li-cense to play a game of ball there on Sunday. The District Commissioners refused to grant him a license, or to permit the park to be used for such a purpose on that clay. An injunction was served upon the Commissioners, re-straining them from interference in the matter. The case was tried in the su-preme court of the District, and went against the Commissioners, the court holding that the Commissioners were not authorized to legislate upon the subject of Sunday observance. The Commis-sioners then carried the case to the Dis-trict Court of Appeals, and the decision handed down in that court by Associate Justice Charles H. Robb reverses the decision of the District Supreme Court, and declares the Commissioners were within their rights in refusing the li-cense and in legislating upon Sunday observance. Does What Congress Refused to Do Thus, what the national government is forbidden to do in order that it may not trample upon the consciences of men, and what th States are forbidden to do for the same reason, the municipality by this decision is permitted to do in spite of the invasion of human rights which such action is certain to involve. For there is more involved in this decisioi than the mere matter of playing a ganie 