32 LIBERTY equal force against the bill proposed in the House of Representatives for the ob-servance of Sunday in the post-offices, H. R. 9433 (the title of which bill in-dicates 3 yielding to the demand for the religious observance of Sunday), and also against Mr. Heflin's bill for the pro-hibition of certain labor " on the Sabbath day." The word observance is largely, if not usually, used in connection with matters of religious character or import, " usually with a sense of strictness and fidelity, as, the observance of the Sab-bath is general."Š Webster's Interna-tional Dictionary. When a similar meas-ure was introduced in the Congresses of 1829 and 183o, it was reported that Š  the transportation of the mail on the first day of the week, it is believed, does not interfere with the rights of con-science. The petitioners for its discon-tinuance appear to be actuated by a relig-ious zeal, which may be commendable if confined to its proper sphere ; but they as-sume a position better suited to an ec-clesiastical than to a civil institution. We are not opposing the closing of the post-offices on Sunday in the District of Columbia or elsewhere. Let the Post-office Department issue the order to this effect if it deems it for the interest of the service; but let not Congress be asked to pass a law which involves the selection of one day in the week as a sabbath. S. B. H. Cardinal Gibbons on Church and State Union IN the Outlook of November 4 there appeared an article by John Callan O'Laughlin setting forth the position of Cardinal Gibbons, and, through him, the position of the Roman Catholc Church in America, upon the American doctrines of freedom of worship and the separa-tion of church and state. Cardinal Gib-bons was quoted in that issue as voicing sentiments which read very much like true American doctrines. One of these expressions reads as follows :Š There is one feature especially, any change in which he [the Roman Cath-olic] would oppose with all his strength, and in this attitude he would have the determined support of the Catholic clergy. I refer to the provisions respect-ing freedom of religious worship. These provisions he regards as the corner-stone of liberty. Speaking as the mouthpiece of the car-dinal, Mr. O'Laughlin, the writer of the article in which the cardinal's views were quoted, said: Š He holds that Catholic teaching clearly defines the distinction between the civil  and the ecclesiastical power, and that there is no twilight zone which can lead to controversy. . . The church holds that the limits of each are well defined, that within its domain the civil govern-ment, in all matters which do not vio-late the moral law, is supreme ; that within its sphere the church is supreme. Neither has the right to meddle in the affairs of the other. If we had no other authority than that of the cardinal, or if the cardinal were speaking the language and voicing the ambition of even the majority of the American priesthood, or if he were speaking ex cathedra as the visible head of the church, and his words could be interpreted only in the sense of their obvious meaning, Americans might rest content with his assurances. But, unfor-tunately, this is not the case. Alongside the cardinal's declaration that his church and his clergy stand for freedom of worship, let the reader con-sider the following from the decrees of Pope Marcellus: Š It is permitted neither to think nor to teach otherwise than the court of Rome 