8 LIBERTY LIBERTY The Official Organ of the Religious Liberty Association A Department of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists WASHINGTON, D. C., THIRD QUARTER, 1911 Subscription price - - 25 cents a year To foreign countries - - 35 " " " Published Quarterly by REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSOCIATION Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. CHARLES M. SNOW  EDITOR WILLIAM W. PRESCOTT K. CARSON RUSSEL!. ASSOCIATE EDITORS SANFORD B. HORTON EDITORIAL CONTRIBUTORS: W. A. Spicer, G. B. Thompson, A. J. S. Bourdeau, B. G. Wilkinson (Washington, D. C.); L. A. Smith, C. P. Bollman, P. T. Magan (Tennessee); J. 0. Corliss, W. M. Healey (California); E. T. Russell (Nebraska); C. S. Longacre (Massachusetts); W. T. Bartlett (England); Guy Dail (Germany); Jean Vuilleumier (Switzerland); L. P. Tieche (France); W. G. Bond (Spain); C. E. Rentfro (Portugal); A. W. Anderson (Australia); E. W. Thomann (Chile); E. F. Forga (Peru). Entered as second-class matter, May 1, 1906, at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the Act of Congress of March 3, 1879. WE have no warfare with men or re-ligion. It is because we believe in re-ligion and love men that we are opposed to any organization that seeks to curtail or infringe upon the rights and liberties of men, and by so doing, make religion seem an instrument of oppression. A Martyr's Testimony JAMES CHALMERS,' the martyred mis- sionary of New Guinea, in addressing a large meeting in London, said : Š I have had twenty-one years' expe-, rience among the South Sea islanders, and for at least nine years of my life I have lived with the savages of New Guinea. I have seen the semicivilized and the uncivilized ; I have lived with the Christian native, and I have lived, dined, and slept with the cannibal. But I have never yet met a single man or woman, or a single people, that your civilization without Christianity has civilized. Wher-ever there has been the slightest spark of civilized life in the Southern Seas, it  has been because the gospel has been preached there; and wherever you find in the island of New Guinea a friendly people, or a people that will welcome you, there the missionaries of the cross have been preaching Christ.Š The Mis-sionary Review of the World, Novem-ber, 1909. On the Trail of the Johnston District Sunday Bill APRIL 6 Š Johnston Sunday bill for the District of Columbia introduced. May 17 Š Public hearing granted on this bill. May 22 Š Favorably reported without amendment to the Senate by Senate Dis-trict Committee. May 24 Š An effort made by Senator Johnston to have it passed. Opposed by Senator Smoot, and laid over. May 26 Š Again presented for consid-eration. Opposed by Senator Heyburn, who made a vigorous speech against it. May 29 Š Came up again on the Sen-ate Calendar. Senator Heyburn ob-jected. The bill went over. June 1 Š Senator Heyburn objected to its consideration. Bill went over. June 8 Š Senator Dixon objected. Bill went over. June 16Š After considerable discus-sion between Senators Heyburn and Johnston the bill went over. June 20 Š The bill again came up on the Senate Calendar. Senator Heyburn again objected, and the bill went over. The bill is still on the Senate Calendar, and may be brought up at any time. From the time when this bill was fa-vorably reported to the Senate, May 22, until this writing, June 20, there have been over two hundred twenty-five me-morials and petitions against it presented to the Senate by different senators, and printed in the Congressional Record. These were sent in from twenty-one dif-ferent States. The Washington, D. C., Chamber of Commerce also adopted a resolution against this bill and forwarded it to the Senate. Only seven memorials in favor of this ' legislation have been recorded, during the same period of time, six of these be-ing from single individuals. C. E. HOLMES. 