186  LIBERTY Senator John Sharp Williams: " I am not one of those who believe that tyrannyis a par-ticle sweeter because it is the tyranny of the majority. I believe, with old Roger Williams, that there are two classes of things in this world,Ñ the things of the first table and the things of the second table. The things of the first table are those things which are between God and the individual man, and the govern- SENATOR JOHN SHARP WILLIAMS ment has no right to touch them. If 99,999999 of the people out of mo,000,000 wanted to do anything in connection with them and one man stood up in his right and said No,' then that one man's voice should restrain all the rest. Among these things are freedom of religion and various other things that will occur to your own minds. Ninety-nine per cent of the American people, I suppose, are nominally Christians. One per cent of the American people are Jews. The people have voluntarily put upon themselves restrictions with refer-ence to that matter. They have never estab-lished the Christian religion as the religion of their country. They had the power to do it. They had the power to refuse to restrict themselves from doing it. But they decreed that for all time there should never be among us an establishment of religion. They were wise enough to know that men always, every-where, have weaknesses."Ñ Congressional Rec-ord, Jan. 3o, 1913, page 2276. Gladstone: " Have not almost all the gov-eriments in the world always been in the wrong on, religious subjects?"Ñ" Macaulay's Essays." Christian Princes of Germany: " Let us reject this decree. In matters of conscience the majority has no power."Ñ Protest at the Diet of Spires. /529. Supreme Court of Ohio: " The majority can protect itself. Constitutions are enacted for the very purpose of protecting the weak against the strong, the few against the many. . . . True Christianity never shields itself be-hind majorities. Nero, and the other perse-cuting Roman emperors, were amply supported by majorities; and yet the pure and peaceable religion of Christ in the end triumphed over them all; and it was only when it attempted, itself, to enforce religion by the arm of au-thority, that it began to wane. A form of re-ligion that cannot live under equal and im-partial laws ought to die, and sooner or later must die."Ñ Sec. 23 Ohio State, 211 et seq. C. H. Spurgeon: " I am ashamed of some Christians because they have so much depend-ence on Parliament and the laws of the land_ Much good may Parliament ever do true re-ligion, except by mistake! As to getting the law of the land to touch our religion, we ear-nestly cry, Hands off ! Leave us alone! Your Sunday bills and all other forms of act-of-Parliament religion seem to me to be alt wrong. Give us a fair field and no favor, and our faith has no cause to fear. Christ wants no help from Caesar. I should be afraid to borrow help from government; it would look to me as if I rested on an arm of flesh, instead of depending on the living God. Let the Lord's day be respected by all means, and may the day soon come when every shop shall! REV. C. H. SPURGEON be closed on the Sabbath, but let it be by the force of conviction, and not by force of po-licemen ; let true religion triumph ,by the power of God in men's hearts, and not by the power of fines and punishments." 