LIBERTY 23 Puritan leaders, who asserted that they would be greatly disturbed by the knowl-edge that such worship was being con-ducted in their colony. A number of people in colonial Vir-ginia were greatly disturbed in exactly the same way by the Baptists. The Bap-tists held their simple worship, and then when there was occasion repaired to some convenient stream for the purpose of cel-ebrating the rite of baptism. It seems there were seldom wanting " lewd fel-lows of the baser sort," who by cat calls, the throwing of sticks,.stones, etc., dis-turbed the peace of the community. But instead of arresting the real culprits, the officers would arrest the Baptists and charge them with disturbing the peace. TAKOMA PARK S. D. A. CHURCH The charge made by the wolf that the lamb which was downstream from him muddied the water so that he could not drink, was not more absurd than is the claim that ordinary Sunday work is any real disturbance that can be prohibited for any purely civil reason. This was well illustrated recently by a real experience in Takoma Park, Md. Some street work was being done by the village alongside the Seventh-day Ad-ventist church. For three hours on a Saturday, or from 10 A. M. to about P. M., nearly two hundred people were worshiping in the church, but nobody so much as thought of being disturbed. There was some noise, it is true, but not enough to interfere with the services, and even those farthest removed from the pulpit and nearest to the street were not  disturbed, and why not ? Š Simply be-cause they gave the matter no thought. They did not feel responsible for what others were doing, and were therefore not annoyed. But suppose the work had been done on Sunday adjoining a church occu-pied by a first-day congregation; prob-.ably the service would have been greatly disturbed, or might even have been dis-continued in angry protest against such " wanton desecration," and such " overt interference with the religious liberty of the community." It makes all the dif-ference in the world whose ox is gored, especially if one of the beasts has been tenderly reared and is not accustomed to being roughly used. But seriously, is there any purely civil reason why any-body should be protected upon any day against merely mental annoyance, such as the knowledge that others in the im-mediate neighborhood do not believe and practice as they themselves do? If any such reason exists, we should be glad to know of it. tv tv Puts Man in the Place of God NATIONAL REFORMISM is opposed in principle to the fundamental idea of per-sonal responsibility. Once granted that it is the duty of the government to leg-islate upon the divine law, and to enforce that law, the conclusion necessarily fol-lows that the individual is responsible not to God, but to the government. Of ne-cessity the question for the individual is not, What says the divine law ? but, What says the government about the di-vine law ? Under the papal theory, the Pope be-comes or is the so-called vicegerent of the Son of God, ruling in his stead ; under the National Reform theory, the civil government becomes the vicegerent of Divinity, authorized to interpret and en-force the divine law. But no less than the papal theory the National Reform theory puts man in the place of God, and leaves the individual without any certain, infallible moral standard. What, then, would practical National Reform be but an image Write papal beast ? 