46 LIBERTY manufacture and sale of intoxicants has naught to do with class. It does not prevent any one from drinking, if he has liquor. It does prohibit the manufac-ture and sale for public purposes. One of the chief reasons for doing this, from a political standpoint, is the enormous drain that the liquor business is upon the community. If those who manu-facture and sell liquor, met all the ex-pense and tragedy of the liquor traffic, that would be one thing. But they do not. They impose upon the community a fearful burden, which the community itself must bear, in the drunkards and paupers they make, in the widows and orphans,, or worse than widows and or-phans, in the crime and corruption that is fostered, in a hundred different ways breaking down all barriers of law, of society, and loading continually heavy burdens upon the community. The sa-loons make necessary the great number of police in our cities and towns; they furnish a great deal of the material for the courts. The mere suggestion of these will bring to the minds of our readers very much more than we have mentioned as the result of the liquor traffic. It has to do wholly and solely with the economic problem of our cities and towns. In a long series of years, a country could better afford to pay pen-sion to the men engaged in the liquor traffic, until they died, than to allow the traffic to go on; and this from a purely economic standpoint. " A Sunday law is altogether differ-ent. It is class legislation ; it is more, it touches the rights of mankind. It touches the very highest class of those rights, the right to worship God accord-ing to the dictates of one's own con-science, and the right to earn a living for his family, working in what way and how long one will. It does not strike directly at evils, economic or otherwise. It certainly has been demonstrated that the Sunday is as well kept in communi-ties where there is no SundayŁlaw as in communities where there is one. Neigh-bors get along just as peacefully; there is just as much quiet; there is far more  agreement, less trouble and prejudice in every way, than where Sunday laws ex-ist. Their most serious effects often fall upon the most conscientious and faithful. " In nearly all cases of prohibition of the liquor traffic, time is given for the saloon man to adjust his business. Ad-justing his business, he has no trouble from the law. He could not say that conscientiously he must follow that bus-iness. No saloon-keeper in the world would ever make such a claim as that. Any other business equally profitable, or less, would be preferable: for few sa-loon-keepers would actually prefer a business like that, were they not trained to that one thing. But this is not the case at all with the Sunday law. It does have to do with conscience and one's relationship to his God." The High Cost of Dying THE American people are drinking more whisky and beer and smoking more cigars than ever before in history, ac-cording to tax returns received by R. E. Cabell, Commissioner of Internal Rev-enue. From July 1 to Oct. I, 1912, more than 3,800,000,000 cigarettes were smoked, an increase of i,000,000,000 over the corresponding period of the pre-vious year, which broke all records. The nation consumed 33,130,000 gallons of whisky during July, August, and Septem-ber, an increase of 450,000 gallons as compared with that quarter of 1911. Nearly 1,95o,000,000 cigars were smoked during that time. The cigar consump-tion promises to establish a new record. A total of 19,800,000 barrels of beer was consumed during the three months, which was 320,000 barrels more than the same period of 1911. The growing consumption of these articles has greatly augmented the government's revenue. The internal revenue receipts for Oc-tober, already more than $2,000,000 greater than October, 1911, will eclipse all records for any October, in the judg-ment of Mr. Cabell.Š The Presbyterian of the South, Nov. 6, 1612. 