LIBERTY 31 they built one " to the unknown god," and left off erecting altars, leaving each person to name his own god before this altar dedicated " t3 the unknown god." A Better Basis The United States of America began very near where Athens left off. Athens, with her learning, philosophy, and ex-perience, learned to allow every one to choose his own god to worship. Our forefathers founded this government on that principle of permitting and protect-ing worship of the god of one's own choosing. This government was not founded for the purpose of compelling worship in some particular way, or to compel worship at all ; on the contrary, it was organized for the purpose of hav-ing a government where people would not be compelled to worship, and yet could worship if they choose to, and worship the god of their choice. If some god is mentioned in the Con-stitution of the United States as being at the head of the nation, then the law must define and regulate his worship, and it would he incumbent on the executive de-partment of the government to see that every one worships according to the law, under such penalties as would be neces-sary to compel such worship. If con-scientious people refused to worship ac-cording to the prescribed form, it would follow that the penalties would be in-flicted upon them. If a fine would not compel them, then it would be imprison-ment, and finally, for those who would not violate their conscience, it would be death. All liberty would be at an end in matters of worship, and the cruelties of the Dark Ages would be in full flower again. Selecting a God by Vote Trouble would be sure to come: be-cause it would be impossible to select any one god that all would willingly wor-ship. If the word " god " alone was mentioned, it would devolve upon the lawmakers to decide what god was meant, and this might be decided by a majority of the people. This would per-mit of a change of gods as the majority should vote. The god of yesterday  might not be the god of to-day. We have placed on our coin the words, " In God we trust." It is quite probable that it would be true with the majority of people if the words were changed so as tc, read, " This is the god we trust ; " and we should be worshipers of gods of gold and of silver. Let conscience be left untrammeled : permit all to worship as they choose, or not to worship ; and protect all in these rights as our present Constitution does, and as our government was intended to do. Los Angeles, Cal. America's Liberties in Jeopardy S. B. HORTON THE Forty-third Congress of the United States was petitioned by citizens of Ohio to pass an act looking to the amendment of the national Constitution, so that it should recognize the Deity. The bill was introduced by Mr. Wood-worth, of that State. The petition was referred to the Committee of the Ju-diciary, who, in a report submitted Feb. 18, 1874, advised against adopting the proposed legislation. In that report (a facsimile of which is given on the fol-lowing page of this journal) it will be noted that the same question was brought before the convention which framed the instrument, and the commit-tee based its decision upon the position held by the framers of the Constitution. Let us note this point in the report of the Judiciary Committee: Š " That, upon examination even of the meager debates by the fathers of the re-public in the convention which framed the Constitution, they find that the sub-ject of this memorial was most fully and carefully considered, and then, in that convention, decided, after grave delib-eration, to which the subject was en-titled, that, as this country, the founda-tion of whose government they were then laying, was to be the home of the op-pressed of all nations of the earth, whether Christian or pagan, and in full 