LIBERTY 31 of Cardinal O'Connell, Boston, March 16, 1912. The Catholic Messenger (Worcester, Mass.) of Nov. 15, 1912, records an ag-gressive campaign by Bishop Busch, of Lead, S. Dak., for the Sunday closing of the Homestake Mining Company's plant, even though, in the words of the bishop himself, the company had donated " one thousand dollars, without the least solic-itation, toward the Pro-Cathedral School and Auditorium," as well as " two hun-dred dollars annually toward the support of the fifteen or more churches in this immediate vicinity." The bishop's desire to secure a larger church attendance  second advent of Jesus Christ, warned them that the papal principle of lawless-ness was already at work in the Christian church. He said : Š " For the mystery of lawlessness cloth already work: only there is one that re-straineth now [the pagan empire of Rome], until he be taken out of the way. And then shall be revealed the lawless one, whom the Lord Jesus shall slay with the breath of his mouth, and bring to naught by the manifestation of his com-ing." 2 Thess. 2: 7, 8, A. R. V. In verses 3 and 4 the apostle also re-fers to the Papacy as " the man of sin [ " lawlessness , " margin] . . . that from the com-pany's employees leads him to make the following in-genious plea for " freedom of wor-ship : "Š " Were I to be offered many times the amount men-tioned, even a n On the eve of the Epiphany, 1912, Pope Pius X addressed a letter to Cardinal Gibbons, congratu-lating him, as chancellor, upon " the steady and vigorous growth of the Catholic University which, located at Washington, the capital city of the American republic, . . . Is now become the fruitful parent of knowledge in all the sciences, both hu-man and divine. . . . We are fully determined on developing the Catholic University. For we clearly understand how much a Catholic university of high repute and influence can do toward spread-ing and upholding Catholic doctrines and .further-ing the cause of civilization. To protect it, there-fore, and to quicken its growth, is, in our Judg-ment, equivalent to rendering the most valuable service to religion and to country alike.Š Catholic Messenger, Worcester, Mass., Nov. 15, zgre. opposeth and ex-alteth ' himself against all that is called God." With this evi-dence before us of the utter lawless-ness of the Papacy, is it any wonder that the people in Catholic countries amount sufficient to pay our entire iniebtedness and to provide an endowment for all our cur-rent expenses, I would gladly forego such donations if only we could secure that freedom of worship whose necessity even the civil law recognizes, but which local conditions make it impossible to enjoy. . . . As a sincere friend of the mining company and its employees, but espe-cially as the official head of the Catholic Church in these parts, I plead for the observance of Sunday." Rome the " Mystery of Lawlessness " More than five hundred years be-fore Christ the prophet Daniel predicted the rise of the Papacy, which, during the dark ages, was to " wear out the saints of the Most High." He identified the same power in these words: " He shall think to change the times and the law." Dan. 7: 25, A. R. V. In the year A. D. 54, the apostle Paul, in writing to the Thessalonians of the and those under her sway elsewhere, have no regard for either the sanctity of the Bible Sab-bath or the spurious sabbath that Rome has created ? Or is it any wonder that civil as well as religious lawlessness is rampant in Catholic Europe, Catholic Mexico, Catholic South America, and in our great American cities, which are controlled by Rome to-day ? Viewing Rome's past history, involv-ing the terrible and revolting fruits of the union of church and state, with its en-forcement of dogmas and holy days, and its resultant persecutions for conscience' sake, will the Bible-loving Protestant people of America consent to be the tools of the Papacy in enforcing her man-made spurious " Lord's day "? What shall be the response of American Protestants to Rome's bold and lawless effrontery in attempting to break, falsify, and alter God's holy law? Will you sub-mit to legal enforcement of Rome's re-vised decalogue upon your consciences? 