84 LIBERTY artificial or remedial rights, which are peculiar to our system of jurisprudence. Of the former class are the rights to one's own religious opin-ions and to a public expression of them, or, as is sometimes said, to worship God according to the dictates of one's own conscience, etc." In reality, then, Congress is incompe-tent to legislate on the natural, inherent right of religious freedom. History shows conclusively that religious legisla-tion has brought religious intolerance and certain ruin to all governments which have infringed upon the rights of conscience. The First Amendment to the Consti-tution guarantees the right of religious freedom, and forbids the Congress from passing a law that violates that right. Notwithstanding this fact, for a number of years certain men have incessantly labored to have a Sunday rest law passed by Congress. A Sunday law is essenti-ally a religious law. A law on baptism, a law for the observance of the Lord's Supper, a law compelling every one to accept Christ, would be just as reason-able as a Sunday law. Religious bigots realize only too well that a Sunday law is the most effective entering wedge to recognition of religion by the state. When one religious law is passed, it is easy enough to pass another, and history can give us some idea of the result. Trample upon the consciences of men, and the way is paved for religious per-secution. A true American spirit would not seek to bind upon the people of this nation stringent Sunday rest laws. Rather should there be an awakening to the fact that many of the State statute books are already burdened with these irrational laws Š relics of the Dark Ages and Puri-tanical times. The Sunday rest laws found upon the statute books of many States are out of harmony with the spirit of the United States Constitution. And yet the alarming fact confronts us that great federations are being formed, one of their cardinal principles being the se-curing of further Sunday laws, not only in the States, but in the national Gov-ernment as well. May God awaken the THE ORDINANCE OF BAPTISM A law on baptism would be just as reasonable as a Sunday law. American people to the dangers of such legislation. " Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." Freedom of Worship in the United States Y freedom of worship is meant " freedom to worship God accord-ing to the dictates of one's conscience." Every- person in the United States en-joys this liberty at present; the ques-tion is : What guaranty has he that this freedom will not be curtailed or taken away? To determine this, it is necessary to know from what source this liberty is derived. Does it come from the Federal Government or from the State, or is it inherent in the individ-ual ? Evidently a man has a right to worship God all alone on a desert island as well as in a crowded city ; and as this right belongs to him inasmuch as he is a rational creature, a human being, it is a natural and inalienable right which can neither be lost nor delegated to another. Our Government, both Federal and State, is carried on by delegated powers, as is clearly indicated in the Tenth Amendment of the Constitution : " The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohib-ited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people." Now, as the right to religious worship is a natural and inalienable right, the peo-ple cannot delegate At to the Govern-ment, either State or Federal. 