10  LIBERTY as each one of them is bound to do, awl be guided by his Word, there would be national religion of the right sort, and of the only sort that is needed or that has any power to keep the nation in the favor of God. A civil government exists because the people delegate to certain ones Ñ their representatives Ñ authority to act for them in civil affairs. But in religion this cannot rightfully be done. Religious re-sponsibility to God cannot be delegated from one person to another. Each per-son must carry his own responsibility, and in the judgment-day, as the Scripture de-clares, " every one of us shall give ac-count of himself to God." Rom. 14: 12. No person can hide behind another in that day on the plea of having chosen some one else to represent him in reli-gion. No person can answer for an-other before the great Judge. Nor can any person hide behind the government, on the plea that the government required him to do something contrary to the Word of God. There will be no govern-ment action then, but all the world will stand before God with a dread sense of accountability to him as individuals, and of utter helplessness as far as any human power and authority are concerned. Since therefore there can be no rightful delegating of religious responsibility by one person to another,Ñ none that God will recognize,Ñ there can be no basis for such a thing as Christian civil govern-ment to stand on ; for the basis of gov-ernment, in a republic, is representation. Civil government can indeed be reli-gious,Ñ the world knows this to its sor-row,Ñ but it cannot possibly be Chris-tian. And this is not to say that civil gov-ernment is against Christianity. The men who founded this nation, and who took care in so doing to separate the civil government from religion, were de-vout Christians. The government of these United States, which some seek to stigmatize as being irreligious and athe-istic, has from the first been a haven of refuge for Christians from every land,  who fled from the injustice imposed on them by state Christianity, so called. Jesus Christ himself plainly distin-guished between the spheres of civil gov-ernment and religion when, in reply to the question of the Pharisees about pay-ing tribute to Clesar, he said : Render therefore unto Caesar [the civil power] the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." Matt. 22: 21. And that his kingdom could not be united with any of the civil powers of earth he declared before Pilate, in the words, " My kingdom is not of this world : if my kingdom were of this world. then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews." John 18 : 36. The very best and most righteous kingdoms of earth fight in a just cause, and the cause of delivering Christ from the murderous mob bent on killing him was certainly a just one. But Christ called for no earthly aid, for his kingdom could not be established by any earthly agencies, whether good or bad. The gospel which Christ came to earth to proclaim is Scripturally defined as " the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." Rom. I : i6. The salvation which the gospel brings is salvation from sin. " Thou shalt call his name Jesus," said the angel to Joseph, " for he shall save his people from their sins." Matt. i : 21. Note that it is from their own sins that people are to be saved by the gospel; no one is assured of sal-vation from the sins of others. Salva-tion from the wrong-doing of others may come from an earthly source, but salva-tion from one's own sins comes by faith alone. Faith is the foundation of all Christian experience. " Without faith it is impossible to please him [God]." Heb.11:6.   These and many other Scripture pas-sages which might be-cited, show that God deals with people individually, and not in the mass or by organizations. The organization, whether it be the church or the nation, is affected through the in-dividuals composing it. If the individ-ual citizens are righteous, the nation is 