ALL BEAT THEIR INTO PLOWSHARES" ISAIAH g:4 Ł - )? LIBERTY tion," a world war, burst upon the world, and some of the very ones who were ar-ranging for world peace were caught in the merciless tentacles of that most ter-rible international conflict. See I Thess. 5 3- According to the Scriptures, as long as this old world stands there will be op-pression, persecution, tribulation, dis- on the very last day of this present world's hiStory, as follows : " And I saw the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him [the King of kings and Lord of lords] that sat on the horse, aryl against his army. . . . These both were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone." Rev. 19: 19, 20. Photo by Buck, Washington, D. C. A MISINTERPRETED PROPHECY OF THE DIVINE WORD Photo of one of the plowshare paper weights (actual size) made from old swords by the Amer-ican Secretary of State, and given to each of the diplomatic representatives of the twenty-eight nations signing peace treaties with the United States. tress, perplexity, and war among the in-habitants of earth, even to the very last day of this present world's existence. The battle of Armageddon is still future. " The kings of the earth " and the armies " of the whole world " are to be gathered " together unto the war of the great clay of God, the Almighty," just before the end of the world. " And they gathered them together into the place which is called in Hebrew Har-Magedon." Rev. t6: 14, tfi, R. V. The revelator further describes the scene which will take place This shows conclusively that there will be war among the nations until the very day of Christ's triumphant descent from heaven, when he " shall break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms," and " set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed." Dan. 2:44. The diffi-culty with many is that they wrongly divide the Scriptures, and try to apply to this present world Scriptural texts which apply to the world to come, for-getting that this earth on which we now live is " kept in store, reserved unto fire 