EDITORIAL An Oklahoma Court Nullifies Con- stitutional and Statutory Guaranties THE constitution of the State of Okla-homa guarantees the equality of all its citizens before the law, as well as the free exercise of religious convictions so long as such freedom of the individ-ual conscience does not tend to acts of crime or licentiousness. Moreover, the statutes of the State also exempt those who observe Saturday as the Sabbath from being compelled to observe Sunday also. But on August 3 and 4, four Seventh-day Adventists, who are as honorable and law-abiding citizens as the State of Oklahoma has in her borders, were tried before the court at Watonga and con-demned as criminals because they dared to worship God in harmony with the re-quirements of the fourth commandment of the decalogue, working six days and resting upon the seventh day as the Sabbath commandment specifies. After these men had conscientiously observed this commandment according to their faith, one of the lower courts requires them to obserye Sunday also; and all this in the face of the State constitution, which grants religious freedom to its citizens, and in the face of a State stat-ute which in spirit aims to exempt these very men from the compulsory require-ments of Oklahoma's Sunday laws, which in themselves are subversive of religious guaranties of the State consti-tution. We have shown in these pages, from time to time, the dangers that are threat- ening freedom of religion in America, and the influences that are at work un-dermining the most sacred rights of the individual as guaranteed by both fed- eral and State constitutions. Now our fears are beginning to be realized. What we have predicted is being fulfilled. The guaranties of both federal and State con- stitutions are mocked at and regarded as empty platitudes in practice. Unless juries, lawyers, and judges rec-ognize the purport and spirit of the con-stitutional guaranties and immunities granted to the individual citizen, we can look for nothing less in America than a repetition of the bloody persecutions of medieval Rome, in the not-far-distant future. ' The Oklahoma decision is a di-rect violation of the spirit and intent of the guaranties of religious freedom as presented in the State constitution and the exemption statute for those who ob-serve another day than Sunday. There is no equality for its citizens before the law when the court requires these men to observe Sunday after they have al-ready rested on Saturday, thus compel-ling them to observe two days each week. The right to worship or not to worship God, or to work or rest on any day or no day, is not for the governments of earth to grant. These rights are divine and natural, and each individual . has a right to choose according to his own con-science in these matters, and the govern-ments have no delegated right or author-ity to interfere or regulate these matters for individuals. These men in Oklahoma who have been condemned as criminals are far from being criminals. We shall let the Oakland (Cal.) Tribune of March 19, 1914, give its opinion as to the character of these people known as Seventh-day Adventists. It published the following frank statement concerning them : Š The Seventh-day Adventists are a body of men, the superiors of whom in industry, or-derliness, loyalty, honesty, good repute, and all that makes for the best citizenship, we think it would be difficult to find. The members of this church observe Sat-urday as the Sabbath, and no matter whether this is sound theology or not, it is their be-lief and their undoubted Constitutional right as citizens and free men and free women, so to keep the seventh day as holy. Observing the seventh day as the Sabbath, it is at once a violence offered to their faith 183 