LIBERTY 39 proceed to such statutory enactments as rob all Š even Christians who truly fol-low the Word of God Š of the very lib-erties these constitutions proclaim. New Hampshire is, perhaps, the only State whose fundamental law can not be interpreted in the least particular friendly to any religion except Christian-ity. It is perhaps the most vitally objec-tionable from the religious liberty stand-point of any American constitution. Those who can not be pleased unless the name of God is in the Constitution should feel very thoroughly gratified to reflect that his glorious name is in con-siderably more than half the State con-stitutions. We can not, however, forbear reminding such that there is, in con-sequence of this significant fact, no purer morality or spirituality in those citizen-ships than in the States which have not thus violated the highest American gov-ernmental principle. The intelligent Christian who is ob-servant of the decided human trend to-ward governmental weaknesses can not but view with disquieting apprehension the fatal mixture of verbal," clay " and " iron " in the otherwise excellent con-stitutions of the various American States. In almost every 'instance of the wise ab-sence of any evident preference to Chris-tianity among religions, there will never-theless be found before the end some phrase-loophole through which legal tech-nical bigots could drag an upright non-Christian citizen to an American jugger-naut. There are other very interesting " con-trarieties and contradictions " in these important instruments, but lack of space precludes their consideration at this time. No Cause for Unbelief THAT a man can be intelligent and yet retain an old-fashioned faith in the Bible is lightly assumed by many to be an impossibility in these days of abounding doubt and weak-kneed surrender. But Dr. James M. Gray, dean of the Moody Institute in Chicago, does not hesitate to assert that no evidence is yet forth- coming which need weaken the faith of an honest and intelligent Christian in the Word of God. He says:Š "When I was preparing for the gos-pel ministry, I came face to face with the question whether the Bible was the Word of God. So impressed was I with the vital and primary importance of it, that, laying aside all other studies as far as possible, I gave undivided and concen-trated attention to its settlement. Every known difficulty was faced, every doubt analyzed, every inquiry pursued to the furthest point of investigation possible to me. Not only my life-work, but my life itself, depended upon the outcome; and before I could take another step in the direction of what I thought my call-ing, that question must be settled. Could I have stood in a Christian pulpit, or as-sumed to preach the gospel to perishing men, with a divided mind or a disquieted heart ? The question was settled beyond a peradventure, and permanently settled to the satisfaction of my reason and the deepest necessities of my soul. " Now I do not profess scholarship in the sense of certain university professors, and as the world commonly understands that term. But I profess to have average intelligence, to be able to read and to think, to analyze and to compare, and to form reasonably accurate conclusions. I also profess to be honest and sincere with my own soul and the souls of others under my spiritual care. I am familiar with the teachings of the higher criti-cism, I know something of the so-called evolutionary hypothesis, and I am not altogether ignorant of other philosophical speculations concerning the creation of the universe, the religions of humanity, and the nature of man himself. I am not indifferent to criticism, or imper-vious to the effect of sarcasm and ridi- cule; and yet in the face of all that has been said to the contrary, so far as I am cognizant of it, I now bear witness that nothing has been discovered or declared by men in all these years, to weaken one iota my conviction of the integrity and authority of the Bible as the Word of God."Š Present Truth. 