George Washington on Religious Liberty To the Quakers, in October, 1789, George Washington said : Government being, among other purposes, instituted to pro-tect the persons and consciences of men from oppression, it certainly is the duty of rulers, not only to abstain f r o m it themselves, b u t , according to their stations, to pre- Ł vent it in others. " T h e liberty enjoyed by the people of these States, of wor-shiping Almighty God agreeably to their consciences, is not only among t h e choicest o f their blessings, but also of their rights."Š Sparks's " Writings of George Washington," VA XII, page 168. George Washington, replying to congratulations of the Baptists in Virginia on his election to the presi-dency, in May, 1789, said : Š " If I could have entertained the slightest apprehension that the con-stitution framed in the convention, where I had the honor to preside, might possibly endanger the relig-ious rights of any ecclesiastical so-ciety, certainly I would never have placed my signature to it ; and if  I could now conceive that the gen-eral government might ever be so administered as to render the lib-erty of conscience insecure, I beg you will be persuaded, that no cne would be more. zealous than myself to establish effectual barriers against the hor-rors of spiritual tyranny, and every species of religious perse-cution. For you doubtless remem-ber that I have often expressed my sentiments, that every man, conducting him-self as a good citi-zen, and being ac-countable to God, alone for his re-ligious opinions, ought to be pro-tected in worshiping the Deity ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience."Š Id., Vol. XII, p. 155. To the New Church, Baltimore, January, 1793, . George Washing-ton said : Š " We have abundant reason to rejoice, that, in this land, the light of truth and reason has triumphed over the power of bigotry and su-perstition, and that every person may here worship God, according to the dictates of his own heart." ŠId., Vol. XII, page 204. 