LIBERTY Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitant! thereof. Lev. 25 : 10. VOL. II FIRST QUARTER, 1907 No. Survey of the Field Bolivia. Š A few months ago the Con-stitution of Bolivia was amended so as to permit freedom of public worship to all denominations. This concession had long been sought by the evangelical bodies that had been conducting missions in that coun-try under the greatest difficulties. There was a union of church and state there, and the Catholic Church was the state church, overriding the rights of all others. The reception of the text of the new Bolivian law in this country has caused great re-joicing among those who are laboring for true religious liberty throughout the world. Russia. Š While there is much reform needed in Russia on many points, she is teaching even the more enlightened nations some lessons along the line of religious liberty. Recently a manifesto was issued, and sent to all the governors of Russia, in-structing them that Seventh-day Adventists were to be accorded the same rights in religious matters as those enjoyed by the other sects. The Roman Catholics of Poland have also been granted the right to worship as they see fit. Spain. Š There are growing indications that Spain is seeking to break away from the domination of Rome. The Moret min-istry remained in office only four days Šthe briefest term on record in Spanish his-tory. This was due to the fact that Senor Moret wrote a letter to the king which was said to have been dictated in Rome. But Spain is still backward. The Protestant  churches there are not allowed to show themselves publicly under any circum-stances. They are not allowed to display any religious emblem on their places of meeting, and must keep the door of their meeting place closed so as not to attract attention to their services. The entrance to their meeting places must not be on a public street. Through church influence these restrictions were imbedded in the Spanish Constitution, which provides that " no ceremonies nor manifestations in pub-lic except those of the religion of the state will be permitted." France.Š The papacy is keeping up its agitation against the rulings of the French government, and ecclesiastics in different portions of the world are taking up the contest. These enemies of the French gov-ernment are desperately endeavoring to make it appear that France is making war on all religion, especially since it was de-cided to take the prayer off the French coins Š a matter perfectly in harmony with the idea of a separation of church and state. France is determined, however, to teach the papacy its place, to let it and the world know that the republic is supreme in its realm, and that it will not tolerate inter-ference from the Vatican any more than from any foreign government. The Cham-ber of Deputies stood by the government on a test vote, by a vote of 413 to 136. The bishops, on the authority of the pope, have made a proposition to the French gov- 