20 LIBERTY when she commands, we obey; when she is attacked, we defend her. By this act and by this declaration the premier acknowledged the claims of an earthly sovereign higher than the king of England, and declared his purpose to defend that sovereign even against the sovereign of the British realm. And in that act and that declaration the French premier of Que-bec was shaking the fist of his province at its mother countryŠFrance Š for her act in dises-tablishing the Church of Rome. These are the reasons why the Church of Rome moved every pos-sible power to make that congress the most stri-king and the most suc-cessful of any she had ever held. That she succeeded in doing this was the testimony of every prelate who ex-pressed h i s opinion. Concerning this the leg-ate himself testified as follows : " I consider the congress which was brought to such a glo-rious close this after- noon was the most im- ARCHBISHOP portant event in the history of the Canadian church, if not of the Roman Catholic Church throughout the world."Š Montreal Ga- zette, September 12. Mgr. Montez de Oca, bishop of San Luis, Mexico, was emphatic in regard to this, and he had attended every congress of this kind thus far held Š twenty-one in all. And con- cerning the reason for holding the con-gress in Montreal, this bishop de-clared : Š This Eucharistic Congress in Montreal will be the vindication of the London congress when intolerance made it im-possible to carry the Holy Eucharist through the streets. It is only fair that such a vindication should take place on British soil. In that statement Rome told one of PAUL BRUCHESI, ORGANIZER OF THE EUCHARISTIC CONGRESS her reasons for holding the congress in Montreal Š an object-lesson to Great Britain; and in the arrangement of flags on the city hall of Montreal, she told her other reason Š a lesson to France. The city hall had five towers, three on the front and two on the rear. From the central tower on the front of the build-ing flew the flag of the nation. On its right Š the place of special honor Šflew the yellow and white flag of the 