10 LIBERTY to enforce this Idaho law and the penalty laid upon civil officers in the days of the Inquisition for failure to enforce the judg-ments of the inquisitors. The following rule was adopted: " Any civil officer who refused to co-operate in the work [of the Inquisition] was himself excommunicated, and all who would hold intercourse with him. Next, the city of his residence was laid under interdict. If more stress was needed, the officials were deposed." Is it too much to say that the same spirit in-spired both these provisions? A Court Decision on Sunday Laws DURING the last three months there has been carried forward in Kansas City, Mo., a campaign for the enforcement of the Sun-day laws now on the statute books. The leader of this campaign is Judge Wm. H. Wallace, who, in addition to his zeal dis-played on the bench, has addressed public meetings and in other ways taken a prom-inent part in this crusade. Among his ut-terances we find the following: " Greece. Rome, Assyria, and Babylon had recog-nized religions." " English common law, which is the law in the United States and in Missouri, is permeated with Christian-ity." " The founders of this country did not intend to plant an infidel nation." Fol-lowing the usual course of reasoning adopted by the advocates of religion by law, Judge Wallace draws the conclusion from these premises that the laws compel-ling a certain regard for Sunday, which he regularly calls the sabbath, are wise pro-visions and ought to be enforced. This argument may be briefly summed up thus: The old pagan nations had an estab-lished religion which they enforced upon all the people, therefore the same regime ought to obtain in the United States, in spite of the profession of " A New Order of Things." In England, where they have had an established church for centuries, they have passed many religious laws which we ought to adopt in this country. As our forefathers did not intend to found an infidel state, therefore it must be that they intended to enforce religion by law. The learned judge utterly fails to recog-nize the fact that this is not Greece nor Rome nor Assyria nor Babylon nor England, but the United States of America, a coun-try which has furnished to the world the example of a nation which has accepted the Christian idea of government Š the separation of church and state. Babylon had a recognized religion, and in enforcing it the three friends of Daniel were cast into the burning fiery furnace. Rome had a recognized religion, and for centuries those who professed the same religion as is now professed by Judge Wallace, were subjected to every form of persecution, even to being thrown to the lions in the Colosseum. The law of England was permeated with so-called Christianity, and after suffering under it until all hope of religious liberty was lost, the persecuted abandoned the country to try their fortunes in some coun-try where they had less of that kind of Christianity. This nation was not estab-lished as an infidel nation ; but it is also true, as stated in the treaty with Tripoli, that " the government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion." This government should protect all religions and favor none. But now comes the press report that " the St. Louis court of appeals, in a de-cision announced this morning [January 7], sustains the position of Judge Wallace in reference to the law against Sunday labor, at least so far as it applies to barbers. The line of argument would appear to sus-tain Judge Wallace, as it applies with as much force to other labor as to shaving persons on Sunday." In discussing the case in the opinion the court said: Š Now under this rule, the question is whether the act of laboring as a barber for compensation on the Sabbath day as a business, identically as on a secular day, is morally fit and morally proper when con-sidered with reference to the Sunday laws and the great purpose sought to be achieved by the legislature in providing them as rules of conduct. The very reading of our Con-stitution and laws discloses the one to have been ordained and the other provided by and for a God-fearing Christian people who regard the Sabbath as a holy day, set apart 