King's Chapel, Boston, where worship according to the ritual of the Church of England was permitted only because the General Court dared not prohibit it. 122  LIBERTY night, though it be after the sun is set, shall be found sporting in the streets or fields of any town in this jurisdiction, or be drinking in houses of public entertainment, or elsewhere, unless for necessity; every such person so found, . . . shall pay 10 shillings for every such transaction or suffer corporal punishment for default of due payment. " And it is further ordered that no servile work shall be done on the Sabbath; viz., such as are not works of piety or necessity; and ho profane discourse or talk, rude or unreverend behavior, shall be used on the holy day." " If any person turns Quaker, he shall be banished and not suffered to return, upon pain of death." " No priest shall abide in this dominion; he shall be banished and suffer death on his re-turn. Priests may be seized by any one, without a war-rant." (In force before 1656.) " Adultery shall be pun-ished with death." (Re-enacted in 1665.) " The judge shall deter-mine controversies without a jury." " No man shall hold any office who is not sound in the faith and faithful to his dominion; and whoever gives a vote to such per-son shall pay a fine of one pound; for a second offense he shall be disfranchised." " Each freeman shall swear by the Blessed God to bear true allegiance to this dominion, and that Jesus Christ is the only King." " No Quaker or dissenter from the established worship of this dominion shall be allowed to give a vote for the election of magistrates or any officer." " No food or lodging shall be afforded to a Quaker, Adamite, or other heretic." " No one shall run on the Sabbath day, or walk in his garden, or elsewhere, except rever-ently to and from meeting." " No one shall travel, cook victuals, make beds, sweep the house, cut hair, or shave on the Sabbath day." " No woman shall kiss her child on the Sabbath day." " The Sabbath shall begin at sunset on Sat-urday." " No one shall read any prayer, keep Christ-mas or saints' days, make mince pie, dance, play cards, or play on any instrument of music except drum, trumpet, and jew's-harp." " No gospel minister shall join people in mar-riage. The magistrates only shall join in mar- riage, as they may do it with less scandal to Christ's church." " If any man shall kiss his wife or wife kiss her husband on the Lord's day, the party in fault shall be punished at the discretion of the court or magistrate." " Gathering sticks on Sabbath [Sunday] when unnecessary, is punishable by death, but if gathered privily or in need, a lesser pun-ishment may be administered by whipping the offender." Blasphemy, which included the denial of the Saviour as the Son of God, denial of the " Holy Trinity, or any of the three Persons," was punishable by boring through the tongue for the first offense, and if the blasphemer still persisted in his own views, he was branded on the forehead with the letter " B." For the third offense he suffered " death," so that " he might find out the truth of certain matters to his own satisfaction." These are but a few of the many rigid laws the early Puritans enacted to make people religious by civil statute. And yet, says Mrs. Earle, who compiled many of the statutes, there are those who are sighing for a return of the Puritan laws just because they enforced Sunday. " Every American," says another prominent writer on blue laws, " should sing a daily litany of thanks that he [the singer], the Lord's Day Alliance, some of the present-day grand juries, 