6.. The impressive bronze statue of John Smith, which stands on the Jamestown Island shore, overlook-ing the broad expanse of the James River. The stories of the doughty captain's adventures and his thrill-ing rescue from the Indians by the Princess Pocahontas have endeared him to all students of early Amer-ican history. LIBERTY  103 error, and has nothing to fear from the con-flict, unless by human interposition disarmed of her natural weapons, free argument and de-bate, errors ceasing to be dangerous when it is permitted freely to contradict them. "Be it therefore enacted by the General As-sembly, That no man shall be compelled to fre-quent or support any religious worship, place, or ministry whatsoever, nor shall be enforced, restrained, molested, or burthened in his body or goods, nor shall otherwise suffer on account of his reli-gious opinions or belief; but that all men shall be free to profess, and by argument to maintain, their opinions in-mat-ters of religion, and that the same shall in no wise diminish, enlarge, or affect their civil capacities. " And though we well know that this Assembly, elected by the people for the ordinary pur-poses of legislation only, have no power to restrain the acts of succeeding Assemblies, consti-tuted with the powers equal to our own, and that therefore to¥  declare this. act irrevocable, would be of no effect in law, yet we are free to declare, and do declare, that the rights here-by asserted are of the natural rights of mankind, and that if any act shall be hereafter passed to repeal the present or to nar-row its operation, such act will be an infringement of nat-ural right." James Madison fa- thered the Virginia Bill of Rights, and finally se- cured its passage through the Assembly. The next year Madison was requested by the Continental Con- gress to draft a Federal Constitution, and the one idea that was uppermost in the mind of this great American statesman and his compatriots of Virginia, was that individ- ual freedom in matters of religion might become a part of the highest law of the land. During the Constitutional Convention of 1787, George Washington, James Madison, Patrick Henry, and George Ma-son Ñ the illustrous quartet from Vir- ginia insisted strongly upon having  no religious test for American citizens or American officials. But it was not until the first Congress met under the Constitution that the First Amendment was adopted expressly withholding from the national Legislature authority to make any " law respecting an establish-ment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." But notwithstanding such was the attitude of the general govern-ment, many of the States have refused to repeal the Sunday blue laws handed down as relics of a dead past. California and Oregon are the only States that have fully complied with the demands of the Federal Constitu-tion, and do not today have a single religious law upon their statute books. And morally the people of these two States rank among the highest. May the time come when all our State laws on this sub- ject shall harmonize with our Federal guaranties of reli- gious liberty. Does not loyalty to the spirit of our free institutions demand that the several States of the Union shall guar-antee to each citizen every privilege and immunity vouch-safed to every national citizen by the - Federal Constitution ? Certainly. In-deed, the Fourteenth Amendment contem-plates this very thing, for it provides that " No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States." The courts have construed this as protecting corporations; should it not also extend to individual citizens ? 