SPEAKER CHAMP CLARK LIBERTY  39 America. No man can boast that he has lived the life of America, as almost every man who sat in this hall in those days could boast. No man can pretend that except by common counsel he can gather into his consciousness what the varied life of this people is. The duty that we have to keep open eyes and open hearts and accessible understandings is a very much more difficult duty to perform than it was in their day. Yet how much it should be per- into our blood, and thence have them translated into the plain action. The very smallness of this room, the very simplicity of it all, all the sugges-tions which come from its restoration, are reassuring things,Ñ things which it becomes a man to realize. Therefore my theme here today, my only thought, is a. very simple one. Do not let us go back to the annals of those sessions of Con-gress to find out what to do, because we live in another age and the circum-stances are absolutely different; but let us be men of that kind; let us feel at every turn the compulsions of principle and of honor which they felt; let us free our vision from temporary circumstances and look abroad at the horizon and take into our lungs the great air of freedom  which has blown throughout this country and stolen across the seas and blessed people everywhere ; and, looking east and west and north and south, let us re-mind ourselves that we are the custo-dians, in some degree, of the principles which have made men free and govern-ments just. Speaker Clark made specific reference to those two documents Ñ remarkable productions of a remarkable time Ñ in which were em-bodied the princi-ples of freedom and the govern-mental method for preserving them,Ñthe Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States. We quote the first part of his ad-dress : Ñ Philadelphia was the scene of two of these vastly im-portant and far-reaching transac-tions, Ñ the pro-mulgation of the Declaration a n d the making of the Constitution. The former published our theory of gov-ernment; the latter set forth the plan to put that theory into effect. The Declaration is the most splendid state paper in all the hoary registers of time ; the Constitution has been pro-nounced the greatest single emanation of the human mind. The majestic sweep of the Declaration helped us secure our lib-erty. A man of sensibility cannot read it, even at this late day, without his blood flowing faster. For one hundred and thirty-seven years it has been a pillar of cloud by day and a pillar of fire by night to people everywhere struggling for the freedom to which all men are entitled.... The twin basic ideas, " All men are created equal " and " Governments de-rive their just powers from the consent more important that formed, for fear we make infinite a n d  irreparable blunders. . . . I love to think of those plain men, however far from plain their dress sometimes w a s , who assembled in this hall. They were beginning, when there was so little to distract their attention, to show that they could live upon fundamental prin-ciples of govern-ment. W e talk those principles, but we have not time t o absorb them. We have not time to let them mandates of 