2 LIBERTY swing back to the old order of things. In other and smaller cities similar drastic ac-tion has been threatened. The question of whether Christmas services should be conducted in the public schools, in which Jewish children would be required to participate in Christian songs, has provoked an interminable amount of discussion. Nearly all the press utter-ances we have seen upon the controversy have been to this effect : " This is a Chris-tian country, and if the Jews do not like it, they do not need to come here,"Š thus utterly repudiating the principles of Christ, and overlooking the fact that in this country, church and state are supposed to be separated. The same can be said of the discussion concerning the omission of the motto on the gold coins of the United States. The kernel of wisdom to be ob-tained from this latter discussion is this: If we fail to declare ourselves a Christ-ian nation (when we are not), God will fail to recognize us as a Christian nation (when we are not) ; and that if we do not nationally recognize him by stamping his name on our coins, he will not recognize us individually, or put his name upon us. The discussion has shown plainly that very many good people who profess to believe in the separation of church and state do not know what such a condition means; and if they did, they would be against it, and would be in favor of a union of the state with the church,Š their church,Š and the enforcement of its religious rites and cere-monies by law. It is now proposed that the great " Lay-men's Missionary Movement " shall turn its attention to the work of securing a better observance of Sunday. Laws clo-sing saloons on Sunday have been declared constitutional by the Supreme Court of the United States. France.Š Rev. W. F. Crafts, in the Northwestern Christian Advocate of Dec. II, 1907, says of conditions in France: " France having long tried the ' holiday Sunday,' and found it a work day, has turned from the solitary position it long occupied as the only civilized nation having no Sunday law. It was our privilege to  be there on the first closed Sunday. Trade was more fully suspended than in most American cities, but there will be little gain in that with every evil resort left open to make money and mischief." Just as it was in the Dark Ages, when occupa-tions were prohibited on Sunday, the people went to the shows. Then the religious overseers of the government had laws en-acted compelling the people to go to church. That is the next logical step; and as our religious politicians to-day can not accom-plish their object without taking it, will they hesitate to take the step? In the matter of the separation of church and state in France, many Catholics are claim-ing that it has been a good thing; their fears of disaster have not been realized; the number of candidates for the priest-hood has not been lessened; and the priests have been brought into closer touch with the people. And yet the French govern-ment is severely denounced by Catholics everywhere for making the separation; and wherever Rome has a grasp upon any country, she not only seeks to maintain her grasp, but to strengthen it, as is the case now in South American countries. Germany.Š A press report from Berlin says: " The ' English Sunday' is not wanted in Germany." A campaign has been entered upon in Germany to bring about a stricter observance of Sunday by intro-ducing some of the rigid laws which gov-ern the observance of that day in England. Mass meetings have been held to protest against laws to enforce a stricter observ-ance of the day. But the Germans of some sections, notably Frankfort, are getting a rather' close copy of the "English Sunday." In Frankfort the theaters, restaurants, and tram-cars are about the only concerns that are doing business. Asked how this con-dition was brought about against the will of the people, the reply was made: " The authorities thought it would be a benefit, and so it was done. We must sometimes introduce reforms against the will of the public. And the Jews ?Š In Frankfort, where the Jews are numerous, not a mur-mur seems to have been heard. The good Jews take their two Sundays instead of one, and make no fuss about it Šperhaps because it would be of no use." 