LIBERTY 31 Notes " IN matters of conscience majorities have no power." THE church can not be the light of the world by descending into the arena of politics. WHEN religion gets into politics, it is only to be expected that politics will get into religion. IF the kingdom of heaven could be set up by vote, it would be liable to overthrow by the same means. THE prayer, " Thy kingdom come," will never be answered by any attempt of the saints to outvote the sinners. To ascertain the real nature of Sunday laws one has only to go back in history to the Dark Ages and look up their parentage. THE purpose of the gospel in the world is to set men free. All that a Sunday law can do for a transgressor is to lock him up. CHRISTIANITY means self-surrender, self-sacrifice. For the state to be Christian it would have to sacrifice itself, and so cease to exist. IF the state has the right to profess re-ligion, who shall deny it the right to join the church? And then who can say any-thing against a union of church and state? PEOPLE who are anxious for legislation to make people idle on Sunday, should re-member that they will thereby provide the devil with an opportunity to become busier than ever on that day. A LAW which interferes with conscience is destructive of conscience in those who yield to it; hence such laws must tend to make men poor neighbors and bad citizens. and thus to weaken rather than strengthen the state. THE National Reform idea of government Š the laws of God upheld and enforced by the laws of men Š represents an in-verted pyramid, since the divine law, which applies even to the thoughts of the heart, and covers all acts, is vastly greater than the statutes of men. " Thy commandment is exceeding broad." You can not preserve the spirit Š the life Š of an institution by law. A Sabbath preserved by law would be much like any other " preserved " article Š all the life would be out of it. And a dead Sabbath  means a dead religion. What men need is a spiritual Sabbath, full of the life of God. This Christianity supplies. THE more power the church receives from the state, the more spiritually impotent she becomes. THE Christian religion demands the cru-cifixion of self ; a state religion demands the crucifixion of conscience. " Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work : but the seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord thy God," says Jehovah. When people rest on the seventh day ac-cording to this commandment, what right has a legislature to revoke the Creator's permission and direction to them to labor on the other six days? IF the minority can get along in the ob-servance of the seventh day without the support of a Sabbath law, why can not the majority get along without such sup-port in observing the first day? And if the unpopular seventh-day Sabbath can prosper without legislative support, why can not the first-day sabbath, with popular custom be-hind it, do as well? HUMAN law, since it can not go beyond the restraint of outward acts, can do noth-ing to make a man good. Though it could make him a saint in outward appearance, he might be a devil inwardly. " Satan him-self," says the Scripture, is transformed into an angel of light; " and he is never so wholly and completely devilish as when he has on this angelic garb. A SUNDAY law is demanded to shut off competition in trade; to enable a man to " keep the Sabbath " without losing any business ; to be religious without costing him anything. But a religion which costs nothing is too cheap to be worth anything. Christianity costs something; the price of it is marked on the cross, and there has been no fall in the price since Calvary. EVERY member of Congress, every mem-ber of a State legislature, every official of the federal or State government, is a rep-resentative of the people. In his official capacity he acts only as such a representa-tive; and as no person can represent others in religion, but each one can represent only himself, it is plain that representative as-semblies and government officials of any class can have nothing to do as such with religion; and when they do meddle with religion, they simply usurp power which does not belong to them. Every step taken in this direction is a step toward the over-throw of republican government. 