LIBERTY 153 tion are respected, as they should be, bills of this character will readily be disposed of. Little time will be consumed in con-sidering them, for they will be rejected as rapidly as proposed. An Early Issue About ten years after the First Amendment became a part of the Con- stitution. the Sedition Law was passed. erty of conscience ? Gentlemen may tomorrow establish a national religion agreeably to the opinion of a majority of this House, on the ground of a uniform-ity of worship being more consistent with public happiness than diversity of wor-ship. The doing of this is not less for-bidden than the act which the House are about to do."Š"Annals of Congress," July 10, 1798. Copyright Underwood & Underwood, New York GROUP OF PEACE DELEGATES AT PHILADELPHIA, JUNE 17 Under the provision of this statute it was unlawful to 'publish any false, scandal-ous, or malicious writings against the government, with intent to defame the same, or to bring it into contempt or dis-repute. This was a direct challenge to the liberty of the press and the right of free speech, as guaranteed by that amend-ment. From the time it was proposed it was bitterly assailed. Many of our Con-gressmen exposed its dangerous tendency when it was before Congress. Mr. Liv-ingston placed this issue on the same ground with freedom of conscience. " This privilege is connected with another dear and valuable privilege Š the liberty of conscience," he stated. " What is lib- Mr. Nicholas saw the unconstitution-ality of the measure. He declared that " in direct opposition to the clause of the Constitution which says, Congress shall pass no law to abridge the freedom of the press,' Congress is about to pass such a law. For it is vain to talk about the li-centiousness of the press, the prohibition is express, shall pass no law to abridge,' etc. And as to what gentlemen called li-centiousness of the press, it was so indef-inite a thing that what was deemed licen-tiousness today by one set of men might, by another set, tomorrow, be enlarged, and thus the propriety of the information to be given to the public would be ar-bitrarily controlled."Š Ib. 