LIBERTY 125 It can be demonstrated beyond the shadow of a doubt that a law by Con-gress enforcing Sunday observance is a manifest abridgment of one's right to be free in the exercise of religion; be-cause, in the last analysis, religion is and has always been the basis of Sunday laws. The enforcement of Sunday laws not only annuls the right to the free ex-ercise of one's religious convictions con-cerning Sabbath observance, but by con-sequent prosecution for violation of such laws it deprives one of his or her civil liberty. All of which is contrary to the spirit and letter of the American Con-stitution. Commenting upon the First Amend-ment, Story says, " The same policy which introduced into the Constitution the prohibition of any religious test, led to this more extended prohibition of the interference of Congress in religious mat-ters. We are not to attribute this pro-hibition of national religious establish-ment to an indifference to religion in general, and especially to Christianity (which none could hold in more rever-ence than the framers of the Constitu-tion), but to a dread by the people of the influence of ecclesiastical power in mat-ters of government; a dread which their ancestors brought with them from the parent country, and which, unhappily for human infirmity, their own conduct, after their emigration, had not, in any just degree, tended to diminish." The Constitution contains another pro-vision worthy of notice in Sunday law enforcement in some States; it is Sec-tion i of the Fourteenth Amendment. which declares, " All persons born or nat-uralized in the United States, . . . are citizens of the United States, and of the State in which they reside. No State shall make or.enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States," etc. It is true that many of the States which enforce Sunday observance, came into the national compact with Sunday laws on their statute books, but it would seem to a layman that this is no justifica- tion for the present existence of Sunday law enforcement. Moreover, it would seem that when a governor or a judge or a legislator or other State officer takes the oath of office (which mentions the Constitution of the United States first), he should feel it to be his duty to at least encourage his State to purge its law books of any law not in harmony with the spirit of the national Constitu-tion. The Constitution purports to interpret the immortal Declaration of Independ-ence, and purposes to safeguard the prin-ciples contained therein by guaranteeing to its citizenry civil and religious free-dom. Whether civil officials and law-makers will stand by it, remains an unsettled question. The safety of the forefathers' work depends upon today's answer. What shall it be? Liberties Not Secured by Sunday Laws The Constitution was established to " secure the blessings of liberty," but the framers of that instrument did not deem that religious legislation could in any way secure these blessings nor promote the general welfare." Had .they thought so, it would surely have been incorporated in the Magna Charta of American liberty. The interests of a people with strong, vigorous intellects and decided religious convictions widely divergent, could be best secured by leav-ing each person free to worship God in his own way. Their own experiences taught the wise statesmen of those days that men's consciences are not controlled by human enactments. To compel respect for any religious institution would be to re-enact scenes of oppression and bloodshed. So in their sense of justice and fair play and in their fear of causing confusion and rebellion, our fathers established that document which is the admiration of all liberty-loving peoples. And this Con-stitution not only totally ignores religion. 