LIBERTY 31 -Edward Everett, and others, setting forth the reasons why the government should hold itself.aloof from all inter-meddling with religious matters. The above-mentioned contributions to our literature drew attention anew to the masterly examination Jefferson had previously given to the oft-repeated claim that " Christianity is part of the common law,"Š a claim peculiar to English judiciaries, but also freely re-iterated in America. In this examina-tion Jefferson discovered the fraud which as early as 1613 had been per-petrated in the most audacious manner upon British jurisprudence, since which time jurists friendly to state-churchism have freely availed themselves of Finch's maliciously dishonest interpretation of Prisot in a matter which has through all subsequent time balefully influenced the administration of English law touch-ing religious matters. It can not here be entered upon with sufficient detail to make it plain, but it is of vast impor-tance, and will amply repay investiga-tion. " American State Papers " gives it an excellent exposition. On March 3, 1825, Congress enacted some post-office legislation that proved another spark for the Sunday-law advo-cates' train, and the agitation for closed post-offices on Sunday took on aggravated forms. So numerous and insistent were the memorials and petitions to Congress, that, finally, on Jan. 19, 1829, Col. Richard M. Johnson of Kentucky, to . whose committee in the United States Senate, that on post-offices and post-roads, these petitions had been referred, came forward with that masterly re-port which, together with that of the same gentleman in the House of Repre-sentatives the following year, has be-come justly celebrated, and helped to reveal those qualities of statesmanship which later made him vice-president of the United States. This report gave such a powerful setting-forth of reasons for non-interfer- ence by Congress in matters religious that these agitators felt that the only  argument now available against it would be the fullest possible showing of nu-merical strength Š popular sentiment. This brought to Congress so many' peti-tions that the friends of liberty rallied, and even State legislatures took action in the matter, memorializing Congress as such,Š notably Indiana, Alabama, and Illinois,Š praying the national law-making body to take heed how it en-tered upon the dangerous course of religious legislation. Numerous cities did' the same, as did also various social organizations till it was possible for Colonel Johnson in his report of 1830 to remind the pro-petitioners that the counter-petitioners were " equally re-spectable " with theirs. This repulse in Congress so exas-perated the friends of Sunday sacred-ness that they forgot their traditional opposition to the violent methods of so-called Christians through all the bloody history of religious intolerance, and themselves went so far as to forcibly and in mob-like madness obstruct the pas-sage of the government's mail coaches in Philadelphia, by stretching chains across theŁ street and padlocking them. But this reacted against them, as such methods always do, and the matter of an open post-office on Sunday was ac-cepted as a settled American policy. From 1830 on for a number of years there was almost unbroken congres-sional quiet upon these matters, and had it not been for prosecutions of seventh-day keepers for " Sabbath-breaking " in a number of States, there doubtless would have been no agitation of a relig-ious liberty character; but on the occa- sion of the assembling of the Seventh-day Baptists in their general conference in September, 1846, at Shiloh, N. J., a committee was appointed to formulate an address " to the people of the United States," setting forth' the sad state of their people and the unfairness of their treatment, after having fought so val- iantly for American political liberty. Although political liberty had been achieved, yet these people were so des- 