30 LIBERTY The proposed law is a religious law be-cause it fosters the observance of a relig-ious ordinance Š Sabbath-keeping Š by making a failure of such observance a punishable offense. It is a practical truism that the government is powerless to make men religious by law. Neither has it the right to make them appear so whether they are or not. Such a bill is unworthy of passage in that it partakes of class legislation. Cer-tain occupations and pastimes are penalized on the day set apart, and permitted on all other days, while other occupations are permitted on all days. The equity of the proposed law does not appear when it is proposed to fine the man who transports a load of dirt or conducts a grocery store, and to permit the man who sells tobacco, books, and newspapers to continue his vo-cation unmolested. Neither can the equity of the proposed law be proved when it is proposed to lay an embargo upon the erec-tion of buildings while licensing the great transportation companies to continue traffic operations upon that day, and making the transportation of baggage by team a laud-able occupation while the transportation of other commodities is a punishable offense. The true character of the bill is made doubly clear by a provision in Section 2, which reads thus : " It shall be a suffi-cient defense to a prosecution for labor on the first day of the week that the defendant uniformly keeps another day of the week as a day of rest, and that the labor com-plained of was done in such a manner as not to interrupt or disturb other persons in observing the first clay of the week as a day of rest." This clause plainly shows that it is the real purpose of the bill to compel every person to keep some day of the week as a day of rest, a sabbath. It is evidently the expectation that the large majority will keep the first day of the week, but the keeping of some other day, under certain restrictions, is tolerated. Cer-tain facts about this half-way exemption clause, however, should not escape notice : It does not prevent the observers of an-other day from being arrested and brought into court, but simply affords a possible ground of defense; it does not therefore shield from the stigma of being treated as criminals even those who do observe an-other day ; it makes it possible for a person of one religious belief to do on the first  day of the week what the bill makes a crime for a person of another religious belief to do on the same day ; it does not protect those who observe another day from being disturbed by the public labor of those who observe the first day of the week; and it makes it possible for " other persons " who ob,serve the first day of the week to destroy all the benefit Qf the clause, so far as ob-servors of another day are concerned, by simply insisting that they are interrupted or disturbed by the labor complained of. And it should not be forgotten, with all the rest, that the power to enact such a law with an exemption clause involves the power to enact the same law without the exemption clause; and that where freedom has been enjoyed, a law compelling a relig- ious observance, even with an exemption clause attached, is a long step toward op-pression. A noteworthy feature of the exemption clause (Section 2) of this bill, is that a certain class is exempt from the penalty of the law provided they have already kept a sabbath, or uniformly observed another day as a day of rest. The purport of this is to make sabbath-keeping compulsory under threat of penalties; inasmuch as he who uniformly observes another day as a sabbath may do on Sunday what another may not do. This feature of this bill has a perfect parallel in a law passed by the General Court of the Massachusetts Col-ony in 1728, exempting Baptists and Quak-ers from contributing to the support of the established church. They were to be ex-empt upon condition that they " usually attend the meeting of their respective socie-ties assembling upon the Lord's day for the worship of God, and that they lived within five miles of the place of meeting." This made church attendance at one place or the other, and a contribution of means to the support of the clergy, compulsory. This would be looked upon to-day as out of harmony with the spirit of religious lib-erty ; and yet the same principle inheres in the proposed bill (H. R. 4897) in that the performance of a religious ordinance is necessary to an exemption from the require-ments of the proposed law. It need hardly be said that it is outside the legitimate functions of government to require the per-formance of religious rites, ceremonies, or ordinances. Another bill (H. R. 4929) has been in- 