Sunday Newspapers to be Blacklisted II. W. COTTRELL Is it wrong to purchase a newspaper ? Surely it is not. Probably no candid person will question this conclusion. Is it an invasion of any one's natural rights? Again the answer must be, No. Then should the people of Oregon favor an initiative measure to be enacted into a Sunday-closing law that will prohibit the sale and purchase, on Sunday, of something which all are agreed is in itself good? If, then, a law shall be made pro-hibiting the purchase and sale on Sunday of a newspaper, which is perfectly proper to buy on any other day, it will be evi-dent that the law is made to protect Sun-day as a religious institution. The principle here is unlike the one involved in the legal prohibition of the liquor traffic, for an intoxicating bever-age is not a good article on any day of the week, since it dethrones reason Š thing to which every man is inherently entitled. All Sunday legislation, when un-masked, will be seen to be religious in its nature. Dr. G. L. Tufts, field sec-retary of the One-day-of-rest-in-seven League, is said to be the moving spirit behind the agitation for initiating a pro-posed Sunday-closing law at the next general election in Oregon, the proposed law to be so drastic that it will close the-aters and other places of amusement, all places of business,Š even drug stores, Š and " make it impossible to buy even a newspaper on Sunday." The interpretation that has been placed on proposed Sunday laws by their ad-vocates in recent years is that Sunday legislation is in the interest of " civic rest " for the masses of working people, and not in the interest of a religious in-stitution. Dr. Tufts has advocated the " civic rest " idea and the idea of an " American sabbath," in direct opposi-tion to the fact that all such legislation is, when unveiled, really in the interest of religion. 28 The supreme court of the universe has defined the rights of divine and civil governments, from which decision there can be no appeal, or recall of the Judge. Said our divine Lord, " Render there-fore. unto Caesar [civil government] the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." Matt. 22: 21. There is much agitation today in min-isterial and other religious and political circles over the question of Sabbath rest. The Sabbath belongs to God, according to the decision of the Supreme Judge of the universe, and should be rendered to him in harmony with his above-quoted decision, and not to civil government, whether the clay be Sunday, Monday, Friday, or Saturday. " Render . . unto God the things that are God's." The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." Ex. 20 : t 1. Of Christ it is said, he " is Lord . . . of the Sab-bath " (Mark 2 : 28), and " Judge of all" (John 5 : 22 ; Rom. 2 : t6). True Sabbath keeping is worship, therefore it cannot, of right, be rendered to civil government. To enact and en-force upon Christian and non-Christian citizens or subjects a " civil " law re-quiring obedience to Christian institu-tions, such as the Sabbath, baptism, or the Lord's Supper, is to form, to just that extent, a union of church and state. And in such a case may we not be as-sured that the partnership would not al-ways be the most agreeable ? To form such a union, and to require such obe-dience, is to do the very thing our divine Lord forbade. He ordained civil gov-ernment to control in civil affairs, and divine government to deal with the con-sciences of men, and to control in reli-gious matters. In contradiction to this, Pope Pius X, in his letter addressed to the bishops of France, under date of Feb. II, 1906, said, " That it is neces-sary to separate church and state is a thesis absolutely false Š a most perni- 