20 13 13 1 the ecnistitutton is abrogated, and the protec-tion of the law denied to the American citizen, is an argument, Mr. President, to which I can-not subscribe, and to which this popular branch of the Government of the United States of America ought never to subscribe, and it is an argument, I am very glad to say, that has been repudiated by the President of the United States in the letter that he wrote day before yesterday concerning the bill, which was de-signed to apply martial law to the entire Un-ion."Š Congressional Record, April $4, 1918, pp. 5945-5948. This magazine has always stood in defense of free speech and a freeŁ press, and has opposed every attempt in the past to encroach upon the Constitutional rights and immunities of the people of the United States. We always shall stand in defense of the interests and liberties of the people.' But war, while it lasts, changes the status of things. Unusual conditions are created which have to be met by unusual provisions. Special measures, which may seem very arbitrary and drastic, are necessary if the war is to be prosecuted to a success-ful issue. Therefore, in the interest of loyalty and patriotism, in the hope that our liberties may be preserved and ul-timately made more secure, while the war lasts we meekly and patiently sub-ordinate our individual rights and im-munities to the larger right of the nation to preserve its own existence. The Łvermau bill as passed is a dun gerous innovation, and may be abused by capricious and tactless officials, as Senator Johnson fears, but the Ameri-can people submit, hoping for the best. They are true and patriotic during this great crisis, when not only our own lib-erties, but the freedom and happiness of other peoples, and the perpetuity s free institutions everywhere, are at stake ; and when even the survival of civilization itself is trembling in the bal-ance, waiting for the outcome of the uncertain fortunes of war. The Ameri-can people have been put into the cru-cible of a fiery trial, but they are en-during the test and proving themselves made of no mean mettle. We are all striving to preserve that which we now realize, as we never realized it before. is our highest heritage Š LIBERTY. In this hour of supreme test, every Christian American citizen should pray.  for President Wilson, upon whom has been laid the greatest burden of respon-sibility ever placed upon human shoul-ders, that he may be given wisdom and judgment to guide our nation through this great crisis, and to establish more firmly the genius of democracy, justice, liberty, and tranquillity among all peo-ple in the earth. As Christians, this is both our duty and our high privilege. French Official Committee on Public Information HERE AMERICA SHED HEM FIRST BLOOD IN NORTHERN FRANCE 