LIBERTY Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof. Lev. 25 : Vol.. II FOURTH QUARTER, 1907 No. 4 Editorial Our Platform IT seems difficult for some professed champions of reform to understand how a body of people can be Christians and be heartily in favor of all genuine moral re-forms, and at the same time be opposed to any legal enactments which would give Christianity any preference above a false religion. For this reason it becomes nec-essary for us to state frequently our posi-tion, and to make it clear that our opposi-tion to religious legislation does not mean opposition to religion. We believe in Christianity, and make a personal profession of faith in Jesus Christ as the only and sufficient Saviour from sin. We have no sympathy with athe-ists, infidels, or any other enemies of Chris-tianity, and we are in no way allied with them in our work. We also believe in civil government as a divinely ordained institu-tion, and in properly constituted civil au-thority as established " for the punishment of evil-doers, and for the praise of them that do well." We sincerely desire the prosperity both of the church and of the state, in harmony with the true principles for the administration of both. It is because we believe in Christianity, and are laboring to hasten the coming of the kingdom of Christ, that we are uncom-promisingly opposed to any legislation which is intended, or may be used, to en-force the observance of any professedly Christian institution, whether such an in-stitution rests upon the authority of a divine  command or upon a merely human tradi-tion. It is contrary to the genius of Chris-tianity to seek to compel assent to its teach-ings or to enforce the observance of its institutions. It is the very essence of the Christian religion, as taught by its divine Author, that every one should have the liberty to believe or not to believe, to obey or not to obey. The results of his choice are plainly set before him, but he is then permitted to make his choice. It was Jesus Christ who said: " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." And it was one of the old prophets of Jehovah who said : " How long halt ye between two opinions? if the Lord be God, follow him: but if Baal, then follow him." Jesus Christ draws all men by the cords of love, but he does not drag any one to himself. He earnestly invites all to come unto him, but does not compel any one to come. We are fully convinced that it is for the best interest both of the church and the state that they shall be kept entirely sepa-rate from each other, and that religion will be purer, and civil government more useful to mankind, if no attempt is made to unite the two. It seems clear to us that this lesson is taught in the whole course of history, and that Jesus Christ did not enun-ciate a new principle, but merely interpreted the lesson of history, when he said, " Ren-der therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's; and unto God the things tha' 