48  LIBERTY LIBERTY The Official Organ of the Religious Liberty Bureau Department of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists WASHINGTON, D. C., THIRD QUARTER, 1908 Subscription Price - 25 cents per year To Foreign Countries 35 " " " Published Quarterly by REVIEW & HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. Takoma Park Station, Washington, D. C. Entered as second-class matter, May 1, 1906. at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the act of Congress of March S. 1879. THE last number of LIBERTY attained a circulation of fifty thousand copies. Every person into whose hands a copy of this number may come is earnestly invited to become a regular reader of this magazine. IN this issue of LIBERTY special atten-tion is called to a present peril. The time has now come when it is necessary to speak with clearness concerning this matter, and we ask for a candid consid-eration of what is presented. THE two leading articles in this num-ber, " Church and State in the Days of Rome," and " Church and State in the United States," supplement each other, and they should be read as two chapters on the same subject. Although the ar-ticles are rather long, the great impor-tance of the topic under consideration should be a sufficient incentive for a thoughtful reading of them both. In the article next following, " Steps To-ward a Union of Church and State in the United States," there is presented in the briefest possible form the record of the various efforts to commit the United States government to a union of  religion and the state. It is a fitting con-clusion to the two previous articles. ALL persons of all shades of political opinion and of no political opinion, will be interested in the combination pictures of Hon. W. H. Taft, and Hon. W. J. Bryan, found on the twenty-fourth and twenty-fifth pages. One of these two men will in all probability be the next president of the United States, and every citizen of this country will enjoy a study of the faces of the two leading candi-dates for this high office. Land and Liberty SOME early missionaries to New Zea-land secured large tracts of land from the Maoris for such a ridiculously inade-quate consideration as a piece of bright-colored calico or some little trinket which pleased the native eye. In due time it came about that the legal possession of the country passed into the hands of the newcomers. Referring to this expe-rience, the Maoris say that while the missionaries directed their eyes toward heaven, they took away their land und,t their feet. At the present time there is in this country much talk about " civic right-eousness," and the attention of the peo-ple is being drawn toward bettering the conditions of life in the large cities. In the meantime, while the people are being interested in attaining these desirable re-sults, their liberties are being taken away by the enactment of such legisla-tion as involves the repudiation of the vital principle of the separation of church and state. It is time for the people to look well to what is actually being done, lest, with some variations, the experience of the Maoris may be repeated, and something more valuable than land be taken away. 