44 LIBERTY form to the beliefs and customs of the Catholic Church ? Possibly in his zeal for Sunday, Mr. Tufts has forgotten not only the ninth commandment, but also the golden rule. If he had known and remembered the scripture, " I will have mercy, and not sacrifice," he " would not have condemned the guiltless." Ł C. P. B. sal tt sts If ? IF, as the Christian Statesman insists ought to be the case, Jesus Christ were legally acknowledged as the ruler of na-tions in general, and of this nation in particular; and Š If, as the Statesman likewise insists, his law were legally acknowledged as the true basis of all civil legislation,Š Who would represent Christ in his ca-pacity as Ruler of the nation? and Š Who would authoritatively interpret and enforce the divine law? The Pope claims to represent Christ, to rule in his stead ; is the Christian Statesman prepared to grant the validity of his claim and bow to his authority? Is the Statesman prepared to accept the Pope's interpretation of the divine law ? If not, why not? Is there any general principle that governs in such cases? or does the Statesman defend that medieval dogma of intolerance, " It is wicked for error to persecute truth ; but it is the duty of truth to persecute error "? The trouble with the National Re-form theory is that it involves either the legal establishment of the Papacy or of a papacy. Its practical application to any government would result of neces-sity either in setting up a new papacy or in the recognition of the claims of the Papacy of the Pope and the cardinals. Any government recognizing the law of God as of supreme authority in legis-lation must of necessity interpret the di-vine law. Any civil government recog-nizing the Bible as the source of final ap-peal upon all moral questions, must erect a tribunal, or accept one already erected  and give it authority to decide what the Bible means. Is the Christian Statesman prepared to accept any and all such decisions that may be made, whether in harmony with its views or not? If not, why not? The National Reform theory of gov-ernment has been tried out, not only in Europe, but in this country, especially in colonial days, and always and in every place with most disastrous results. The Bible was the supreme law in colonial Massachusetts ; therefore in many cases the real judges were of necessity the pas-tors of the established church; and for the most part they were exceedingly merciless, first toward Baptists and Quakers, and later against those ac-cused of witchcraft. Men are no better now than they were then. Indeed, no man is better than his theory of govern-ment, and his understanding of divine obligation. No man ought to be made the custodian of another man's con-science, even though the would-be cus-todian be one of the best of men. ME SV Shall Religion Be Taught in the Public Schools? THE claim is put forth by some that religion ought to be taught in our public schools because the effect of religious training develops a higher moral charac-ter than a purely secular education can produce. We are perfectly willing to grant all that is claimed concerning the benefits that the individual derives from spiritual and religious instruction. But that is not the point at issue. The question is whether the public school is the proper place to impart this kind of instruction. And if so, are public servants, of whom no religious test is required, the proper persons to impart such instruction ? Again, is it just to tax all the people to support the teaching of principles and doctrines held by only a part of the people? 