LIBERTY 27 It must be seen, therefore, that civic righteousness and the realm of civil au-thority are matters in which man's rela-tion to his fellow man is involved, and this is covered by the last six command-ments of the decalogue. Now, it is possible for a citizen to be civilly righteous, and yet not altogether in harmony with God. Witness the case of the young ruler who inquired of Jesus, " What good thing shall I do, that I may have eternal life? " See Matt. i9: i6. The response was, " Keep the command-ments." " Which ? " Here the oppor-tunity presented itself to teach a great lesson on the question of positively reli-gious as well as civic righteousness. Upon being told of the commandment affecting his relation to his fellow man, the young man said, " All these things have I kept from my youth up : what lack I yet? " " If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure. in heaven : and come and follow me," the Saviour replied. The young man turned away very sorrowful, for he had great possessions. This indicates that while civilly righteous, he was not in proper relation to his God. Our duty to God is epitomized in the first four commandments of the deca-logue. These duties are to be rendered to God, not to Caesar. In the early cen-turies of the Christian church, the at-tempt to coerce men to serve God by civil laws is what produced the union of church and state, causing the Dark Ages, and the need for, and the coming in due time of, a nation which would recognize the distinction between what is due to God, and what is due to Caesar, or civil government. In the repeated demands for civic righteousness in America, we see evi- dences which portend evil to the' state as well as to the church. In the call for compulsory Sabbath observance, there is a demand that men shall render to Caesar (a civil government) that which belongs to God. Sabbath observance belongs to God, a claim which is borne out by the Holy Scripture. " Moreover also I gave them my Sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them [not a sign between God and the nations of the world, but sim-ply between him and his people], that they might know that I am the Lord that sanctify them." Eze. 20: 12. The Sab-bath law is one of the commandments which define our duty to the Creator. That this is territory which mere human government is not commissioned to en-ter is fully demonstrated in the cases of Mordecai; of Daniel, Shadrach, Me-shach, and Abed-nego; of John the Bap-tist; of Peter, James, and John; of the martyrs of the first and subsequent cen-turies,Š a territory forbidden to Con-gress by the Declaration of Independ-ence and by our national Constitution. Shall this country turn back the hands of the clock which for a century and a quarter has struck the hours of religious and civil liberty? It is to be hoped that our rulers and legislators may not be seduced into amending the Constitution, declaring this to be a religious nation, the sign of which shall be compulsory Sunday observance. Let us have civic righteousness Š personal integrity and upright civil administration Š by all means, but let it come in accordance with the American and Christian idea of civil government, and as pointed out by the One who ordained " the powers that be, and gave them the bounds of their authority," and not by a union of church and state in the open or in disguise. t.tt tffi tt TRUTH and Christianity can stand without civil supports, for the reason that they are divine. God needs no help from Caesar. God will overthrow his enemies and finally set up his kingdom without the aid of civil government. All the Lord ever asked man to do was to preach a gospel of love, and of the rec-onciliation of men to God by his abound-ing grace. The gospel message can be enforced only by the power of the divine Spirit, never by the power of the sword of Caesar. C. S. L. 