POPE LEO XIII To whom Don Paolo Miraglia sent a papal Jubilee offering in 1893 in the shape of a " strongly worded paper " beseeching him to bring about much-needed reforms in worship and in the training and life of the priesthood. 34 LIBERTY tion, that, this morning, at the explana-tion of the Gospel, I saw for the first time in my life the faithful reading to-gether with the priest, Bible in hand, the so-greatly falsified Word of God." A contributor to the National Review of September, 1899, speaks thus of a visit to Miraglia's chapel the year be-fore : " I saw a portrait of King Hum-bert, of Italy, which is rigor-o u s l y excluded from other Cath-olic churches in Italy. I perceived a banner on which were em- broidered t h e words, ' Amore, Lavoro, Armonia' [Love, Labor, Harmony]. A n -other banner is the copy of that borne by Savon-arola in the streets of Flor-ence, ' Nos Pre-dicamus Christum Crucifixum' [We Preach Christ Crucified].  . . . And now I was to see what I had never seen before in any . Catholic churchŠBibles in the hands of the people, who fol-lowed with deep attention the priest's exposition. . . . He then turned to consider the practical application of the lesson of love and harmony to the affairs of every-day life. Though he, their priest, and they, his flock, were per-secuted by the agents of him who claimed to be the vicar of God on earth, they should not try to resent the persecution, and should pray that the grace of God might enlighten the enemy. . . . He would continue to be a Catholic priest,  because in this capacity only could he, Bible in hand, open the eyes of Catholics to the abuses which had compelled the earnest and truth-loving nations of Eng-land and Germany to break with the Church of Rome. . . . The Bibles used by the people had been sent, conjointly, by the Waldensian communities and by the English Methodist Mission in Rome. The object which he told me he had most at heart was the opening of a hospital for the infirm and aged of a 11 confessions, who could not ob-tain help on ac-count of the boy-cott proclaimed by the priests, not against his per-sonal supporters only, but also against their rel-atives." In the report of the British and Foreign Bible So-ciety for 1 8 9 7 (see page 70), Signor Meille pre-sents his view of the work of Mi-raglia, based upon personal observa-tion. Among other things, he states : " It will easily be believed that the clergy have done all in their power to get rid of this obnoxious reformer. . . . On two occa-sions was his life attempted, so that he had to go about with a bodyguard. Not succeeding in destroying him, his enemies had recourse to even more nefarious means to encompass his Ł moral ruin. A lawsuit, resulting from charges brought against him, is not yet finished, and meanwhile, the prefect has ordered his oratory to be closed." This 