184 6 LIBERTY The churches must know and have on record the position of every voter upon all moral questions, and then it is pre-pared to act upon such questions. In the United States of America there have been exemplified, as in no other country upon the face of the earth, the benefits arising from a practical applica-tion of two great principles Š Protes-tantism and republicanism. Never since the birth of this nation have these principles been in such peril as now. When the right of private judgment, the rights of conscience, and the independ-ence of the individual are sacrificed to the demands of a great religious combi-nation, and when the representatives of the people are compelled to yield to the dictates of an organization so powerful that it may well be termed another gov-ernment,Š an imperium in imperio, Šthen the days of freedom are numbered, the fires of religious persecution may soon be rekindled, and the downfall of the republic is impending. It is time to sound the alarm. The American people should be awake to the situation. An experiment of a most dangerous character is being made upon their liberties. Let there be a tremen-dous protest against this unchristian and un-American combination for influen-cing legislation. An Intolerant Association IN the annual report of the Interna-tional Federation of Sunday Rest Asso-ciations of America for 1908, a state-ment is made concerning the effort to secure the passage of a Sunday law for the District of Columbia. The whole paragraph follows: Š A bill was prepared early during the last session of Congress, and that the best results might be obtained, a com-mittee, composed of Protestant and Cath-olic ministers and laymen, and represen-tatives of the labor unions, all residing  in the District of Columbia, was ap-pointed to secure its passage. Rev. Wal-lace H. Radcliffe, D. D., of Washington, was chairman of the committee. We placed in his hands a copy of the large petition we had secured, and brought to bear the influence of the Federation wherever possible in favor of the pas-sage of the bill. We urged that if a law be passed, it should prohibit unneces-sary business, such as the selling of can-dies, cigars, etc., as well as labor, and that no exception be made because of re-ligion. The bill at this time has not been finally acted upon. From this report it is entirely apparent that the movement was a religious one, although at the time this was denied. The united influence of the local com-mittee and that of the Federation was brought to bear in favor of the bill. It is worthy of note, also, that so far as the Association was concerned, it was urged " that no exception be made be-cause of religion." This shows plainly what may be expected when the prin-ciples urged by these Sunday-law ad-vocates are adopted. The persecutions of medieval times will be revived. Religion by Edict ACCORDING to a recent press report, King Edward, of England, has issued an edict forbidding public entertainments in the theaters or music halls on Sun-days, Christmas day, or Good Friday. This effort to establish religion by royal authority is consistent with the relation which government sustains to religion in Great Britain, and with the basis upon which Sunday observance rests. The state exercises a considerable degree of authority over the established church in Great Britain, although in issuing this arbitrary decree it is said that " the king has now turned to good account the sur-vival of medieval despotism," which has been invoked on another occasion re-cently, and excited much criticism. In 