72 LIBERTY the Frank faithless, the Goth inhuman, the Alanian drunken, the Hun licentious, they are, by reason of their ignorance, far less punishable than we, who, knowing the commandments of God, commit all these crimes."Š Quoted by Schaff, "History of the Christian Church," Vol. III, sec. 12, par. 3. ,Evidence. can be added indefinitely to the above, demonstrating that the union of Christianity with the Roman Empire and the enforcement of Sunday ended in disaster to the morals of the people and the welfare of the state. Result of Sunday Enforcement in England and Scotland Puritanism in Great Britain toward the close of the sixteenth cen-tury locked horns with Episcopalian-ism.The controv e r s y brought t h e question of Sunday to the front, and in ( 5 9 4 Dr. Bownde, a Puritan, " pub-lished his treatise on the Sabbath, wherein he maintains the morality of the seventh part of time for the worship of God." This book had a wonderful circulation among the people. "All the Puritans fell in with this doctrine, and distinguished themselves by spending that part of sacred time [ Sunday] in public, family, and private acts of devo- tion." " This doctrine, carrying such a fair show of piety, at least in the opinion of the common people, and such as did not examine the true grounds of it, induced many to embrace and defend it ; and in a very little time it became the most bewitching error and the most popular infatuation that ever was embraced by the people of England." The Puritan idea prevailed, the crusade for enforced Sunday observance began, and after half a century of trial in Eng- land and Scotland it failed to make peo-ple moral. Macaulay said : Š " Those passions and tastes which had been sternly repressed broke forth with ungovernable violence as soon as the check was withdrawn. Men flew to frivolous amusements and to criminal pleasures, with the greediness which long and enforced abstinence naturally pro-duces. Little restraint was imposed by public opinion; for the nation, nauseated by cant, suspicious of all pretensions to sanctity, and still smarting from the recent tyranny of rul-ers [Puritans] austere in life and powerful in prayer, looked for a time with compla-cency on the softer and gayer vices."Š"His-tory of England," Vol. I, p. 179, fifth edition.  " The ascetic penances [of the Puritans] were afterwards succeeded in the nation by an era of hypocritical sanctity, and we may trace this last stage of insanity and immorality. closing with impiety. The very corruption it has left behind still breeds in monstrous shapes."ŠD'Israeli's "Curiosities of Litera-ture," Vol. VI, p. 275. These times were marked by the growth of sins of all sorts. particularly pride, uncleanness. contempt of ordinances, oppres-sion, violence. fraudulent dealing, a n d that under the rod, the most part o f the people growing worse and worse, and re-volting more and more. See Carlyle's " Cromwell, ' Ł Vol. II, pp. 3, 4. The 'Na-tional Cove-nant in Scotland was subscribed in 1580. renewed in 1639, at the very period of Sabbath excitement. Cromwell, when he invaded Scotland, says in 'a letter to the Lord President of the Council of State. dated Sept. 25, 165o Š " I thought I should have found in Scotland a conscientious people and a barren country; about Edinburgh it is as fertile for corn as any part of England ; but the people generally ENFORCING SUNDAY OBSERV- ANCE IN COLONIAL NEW ENGLAND 