'sŁGraventi age ,...irvangeopoort. Gruweikarner (Inerturnent, of torture) 28 LIBERTY Amendment to the United States Consti-tution : " Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." This immortal principle was clearly rec-ognized by the illustrious U. S. Grant, when he said in a speech in Des Moines, Iowa, in 1875: " Leave the matter of  good character of its citizens, and that the Bible is the only true standard of moral character ; but, when it is advo-cated that such instruction should be re-quired by legal enactment, and be incul-cated by the state, we most earnestly pro-test. Religion is a matter of the heart, and can not be taught as a mere matter ANOTHER HALL OF HORRORS TN THE HAGUE INQUISITION CHAMBERS Everything seen in this room was used for inflicting the keenest torture upon individuals who chose to worship God according to the dictates of their own conscience. religion to the family altar, the church, and the private school, supported entirely by private contribution. Keep the state and the church forever separate." Those who are advocating the teach-ing of religion in the public schools of America reason that upon the high moral character of its citizens depends the sta-bility of the nation, and that the true standard of character is the Bible and the Christian religion; therefore, in or-der to develop the best class of citizens, the Bible should be taught in the public schools. We most willingly concede that the stability of a nation depends upon the  of schoolroom routine or be forced upon the people under pains and penalties of civil law. The church, and not the state, has been ordained by God for the pur-pose of teaching Christianity; and for the state to undertake such a responsi-bility, is for it to attempt to exercise its functions outside its legitimate sphere. It will be readily perceived that only those who are truly converted and pos-sess a real experimental knowledge of the Christian religion would be compe-tent to teach religion. Should the teach-ing of religion be made a part of the regular work of the public school, it would necessitate the examination of the 