LIBERTY 43 Word itself answers the question which these will ask: " He that hath clean hands, and a pure heart." Ps. 24:4. It is character that counts in the judgment; and the religion that helps in the perfec-tion of that character is that religion of heavenly origin which fills the inspired Word of God, the Bible. c. M. S. Babylon and the Monuments' Agreement THE sacred historian (Gen. io: io) mentions Babylon as existing and known by that name in Nimrod's day. On the other hand, the late George Smith states that the name was unknown till the days of Hamurabi, who, says he, after his conquest of the country, fixed his capital at a little village then called " Dindir," whose name he changed to " Babylon." In proof of his statement, Smith quotes from a tablet of Hamurabi, now in the Louvre Museum, which, at first, would seem clearly to establish his contention. Smith's view has accordingly been adopted by Assyriologists generally. As Hamurabi lived two or three centuries after Abraham, and consequently many centuries after Nimrod, we are brought face to face with what appears to be a grave difficulty. The Biblical account seems to run counter to Hamurabi's tab-let Š only another blunder of the sacred historian, say the skeptics. But this apparent contradiction ad-mits of a very easy solution. In the first place, we find the name of Babylon oc-curring in a tablet of Sargon the First, now in the British Museum. This Sar-gon is not the Sargon of Isa. 20: I, but a much earlier king, who, like Hamurabi, had conquered the country. Sargon was succeeded by his son Naram-sin ; Naram-sin by his daughter Ellatgula Š the first instance probably in history of a queen regnant. Ellatgula was driven out by Kudur Mabuk, of Elam, who in his turn was overthrown by Hamurabi. Sargon was thus several generations earlier than Hamurabi, and as Sargon  mentions Babylon by name as existing in his day, that of itself is sufficient to establish the accuracy of the Biblical account in a question with Hamurabi's tablet. But, in the second place, this lands us into another difficulty. The monumen-tal accounts seem to contradict each other. A fuller knowledge of the facts, how-ever, enables us to reunite them, and to show that both accounts are true. Baby-lon Š like Melbourne, built on both sides of the Yarra Š was built on both banks of the Euphrates. Originally the name seems to have been given only to the town on the left bank of the river, " Din-dir " being the name of the other, just as the name " Melbourne " is strictly ap-plied to the town on the right bank of the Yarra, " Emerald Hill " being the name of the other. Just as " Emerald Hill " is thinking of incorporation with Melbourne, so "Dindir " was, by act of King Hamurabi, incorporated with Baby-lon, and thence forward has borne that name. Hamurabi enclosed both towns by a wall. Hamurabi's tablet thus simply means that, after his conquest, he fixed his cap-ital at " Dindir," which he incorporated with the better-known Babylon. And, just as old identities still use, and no doubt will continue to use, the name " Emerald Hill," even when it may be-come a part of Melbourne, we find the name of " Dindir " lingering on the tab-lets long after Hamurabi's day. The method of solution of this diffi-culty illustrates once more the oft-re-peated statement that the Bible has noth-ing to fear from a full and thorough investigation ; only, " A little knowledge is a dangerous thing." Most, if not all, of the alleged historical objections against our Scriptures are the result of an imperfect knowledge of the facts, and all that is needed in any case to enable us to repel them is, we believe, more light.Š Editorial in the Victorian Bap-tist (Australia), quoted in The Bible Stu-dent and Teacher, December, 1908. 