164 LIBERTY Religion and liberty are inseparable. Religion is voluntary, and cannot, and ought not to, be forced. . . . Such liberty is impossible on the basis of a union of church and state, where the one of necessity restricts or controls the other. It requires a friendly separation, where each power is entirely independent in its own sphere. The church, as such, has nothing to do with the state except to obey its laws and to strengthen its moral foundations; the state has nothing to do with the church except to protect her in her property and liberty; and the state must be equally just to all forms of belief and unbelief which do not endanger the public safety.Š" Church and State," pp. 9, 1o. But it may be said that the morals of the community must be protected, and that for the sake of morals Sunday work must be prohibited. But how does Sun-day work come to be any more immoral than Monday or Tuesday work? There can be but one answer, namely, that Sun-day is a religious institution, and that to disregard it is irreligious, and immoral because irreligious. No Stopping Place But if the State undertakes to enforce morality in the religious sense, there is no logical stopping place short of the In-quisition, the rack, the thumbscrews, and the stake. It can therefore deal with morals only in the primary sense of man-ners, which means that the State cannot legitimately go beyond purely political questions, questions which pertain not to the moral or religious nature and life of the individual citizen, but only to the physical relation of man with his fellows. If the newspapers would discuss Sun-day legislation from this standpoint, if they would rise superior to religious cus-tom and prejudice and examine the real foundation reasons for Sunday laws, and insist that they must be such as to be maintained, if maintained at all, for purely civil reasons, they would perform a real service to the community at large. But of course a Sunday law that could be honestly maintained for purely civil reasons, could be only a holiday, not a holy day. It could be only a dies non juridicus, a day on which no court busi- ness could be legally transacted. Legal citations would not summon anybody to answer to a suit at law on that day ; drafts, notes, and bills of exchange falling due upon Sunday would be due and pay-able on Monday ; nobody could be com-pelled to attend to such matters on Sun-day ; and on the other hand, nobody could he fined, imprisoned, or otherwise pun-ished for doing anything he saw fit to do on Sunday, any more than he could be fined or imprisoned for mowing his lawn or trimming his hedge on Thanksgiving. To go beyond this in Sunday legisla-tion or in Sunday enforcement is to act from religious rather than from civil con-siderations, whatever the pretext may be. There is absolutely no civil ground for compulsory Sunday rest. The so-called civil sabbath is a legal fiction. It is a figment of the imagina-tion, and exists only in minds already committed to the policy of maintaining, right or wrong, a state-enforced day of rest and worship Š rest not because of physical necessity, but because it is de-manded by the religious convictions of a larger portion of the people who as Judge Hammond once said, have ob-tained the authority of the civil law in their favor and " adhere to that advan-tage with great tenacity." Every man knows that were it not for the religious phase of Sunday observance there would be no civil sabbath, or, in other words, no Sunday law. And knowing this every man knows that the civil sabbath is only subterfuge and pretense. C. P. B. The keeping of the Sabbath is eminently a moral duty, and hence it must be a voluntary service, rendered under pressure of moral suasives only.Š Binney's " Theo-logical Compendium." 