LUTHER'S STUDY IN THE WA RTBURG CASTLE 18 LIBERTY treated every religious confession in the same way. However, the state is still far from such an impartial attitude as this. The soldier does not need to serve on Sunday ; he dons his parade dress, and is marched into the church, where he may give official expression to his re-ligious feelings. The army has its special chaplains, Catholic and Protestant. But why are only certain confessions fa-vored? Why should not every one be allowed the free exercise of his faith? Why may the Adventist be continually insulted in the exercise of his inmost re-ligious convictions? Have the Protes-tants and the Catholics produced the evi-dence that only their faith is well founded? We will summarize the re-sults of our observations : The Adventist, because, in the exercise of his devout faith he had refused obedience, is con-demned to a long imprisonment, although he was in no way conscious of the ille-gality of his proceedings, but rather took such an attitude as he thought would be compatible with the fulfilment of his du-ties. On the other hand, the regiment had a right to demand service of  and to punish him for disobedience. Thus the sentence of the martial court shows the clashing contradictions be-tween the demands of the various eccle-siastical confessions." What must we conclude from that which we have just cited? What caused the clashing contradictions between the demands of the religious confessions and those of the state? How is it that a minister of the gospel is not permitted to show the last tokens of honor to the dead? How is it possible that Christians, who come together for a mutual consid-eration of the Holy Scriptures, must be punished as a consequence? What is the reason that he who attends a Biblical baptism is threatened with a heavy fine for it? The cause of these troubles and of those between the pa-gan-Romish faith and Christianity a r e the same. It was then said : Whoever shall in-troduce a new religious confession, which is not recognized by the Ro-man state, must go into banishment if he belongs to the higher classes, and must suffer the death penalty if he be-longs to the lower. It is the same cause that has produced martyrs at all times, and that has caused persecution for conscience' sake ; because there is in Germany the non-Biblical union of church and state. Ł .11111w Ł GIVE me a state full of men who are afraid of nothing but sin and God's dis-pleasure, who love nothing but God and men's souls, and it makes little differ-ence, so far as they are concerned, what laws men may pass. It is the church's business to instill that fear and that love. And she can not do it by any force save the force of love. Should the state at-tempt to bring it about, the result would be, on the one hand, persecution and martyrdom ; and on the other, mockery and hypocrisy, the ruin of character and the degradation of religion. The returns do not justify the expenditure. 