LIBERTY  V"'557 spirit of the bill. It is plain upon the face of it that such legislation as this is religious, and from the evidence already submitted it is certain that if the religious bodies now seeking the passage of Sun-day laws could have their own way in the matter, even the observance of another day of the week than Sunday as the sab-bath would not be allowed as a compli-ance with the legislation asked for in be-half of the so-called Christian sabbath." Religious Legislation At the conclusion of this argument, W. A. Colcorcl, secretary of the Relig-ious Liberty Bureau, of Washington, pre-sented a clear and forcible protest against the bill, of which the following is a brief outline : Ñ Referring to the statement in the famous Sunday Mail Report that " if Congress shall, by the authority of law, sanction the measures recommended [prohibiting the transportation and handling of mails on Sunday], it would constitute a legislative decision of a re-ligious controversy, in which even Chris-tians themselves are at issue," he declared : Ñ " I bring the direct charge, therefore, that this proposed legislation is religious ; that its principal promoters and support-ers are religionists; that if passed, it will be the beginning of a religious establish-ment in the United States, and that in the end, as with all other religious estab-lishments, it will result in religious op-pression and persecution." Convincing proofs were set forth in support of this charge: Ñ I. " The Sabbath itself is a religious institution." 2. " The chief promoters and support-ers of this legislation are religious peo-ple." 3. " The movement in the District has been placed in the hands of the Inter-de-nominational Committee upon Sunday Observance in the Capital."' 4. " The bill permits only ' sacred con- certs ' to be given on Sunday." "5. It exempts upon religious grounds." 6. " Dr. W. F. Crafts said : A weekly clay of rest has never been permanently secured in any land except on the basis of religious obligation. Take the religion out, and you take the rest out.' " As to the province of civil government, the speaker said: Ñ " From a civil standpoint, the only standpoint from which civil government has a right to deal with any question, a Copyright, Tlarris and Ewing HON. SAMUEL W. SMITH OF MICHIGAN Who was chairman of the House Committee on the District of Columbia, and presided at the hearing on the Johnston Sunday bill man has as much right not to be religious and not to observe a day of rest as he has to be religious and to observe a day of rest." As to the need of any legislation in behalf of religion, the speaker quoted Benjamin Franklin : Ñ " When religion is good, it will take care of itself; when it is not able to take care of itself, and God does not see fit to take care of it, and it has to appeal to a civil power for support, it is evidence to my mind that its cause is a bad one." Some Arguments Answered In answer to some of the arguments urged in behalf of Sunday legislation, the following statements were made : Ñ 