LIBERTY 193 " The act in question [the Sunday law of California] is in conflict with the first section of article first of the Constitution, because, without necessity, it infringes upon the liberty of the citizen, by restraining his right to acquire property, . . . and is, in effect, a discrimination in favor of one religious profession, and gives it a preference over all others. It follows that the prisoner was improperly convicted, and it is ordered that he be discharged from custody."Š Supreme Court of California, ex parte Newman. and from conscientious motives, concern-ing which motives the state knows noth- ing, and can exact nothing. On the Western coast the chief pro- moter of enforced Sunday 'rest, Rev. G. L. Tufts, and the one apparently most interested in the prosecution of the ar- rested grocers, said in the preface to his proposed bill for one day of rest in seven, " The proposed law makes no religious requirements; " and yet it requires com- pulsory Sunday rest. In speaking otherwise than through the secular papers, Mr. Tufts does not express himself so conservatively. Wit- ness the following : Š " There is a growing sentiment in favor of a strong Sunday-closing law. . . . But there is little public conscience as to the sacred character of the day. A law of this kind should be based upon public conviction that Sunday is a divine institution. . . . In many localities I find that Sunday business and Sunday sports are gradually disintegrating the Sabbath. It will require more than a civil law to save the day. The church and the state must each do its part. It required many years of educational work to prepare the public mind for prohibition. And so it will be on the Sabbath question before we attain to State-wide prohibition of Sunday business and Sun-day amusements."Š Rev. G. L. Tufts, in Pa-cific Christian Advocate, July 5, 1916. In this utterance Mr. Tufts unveils himself, and declares in the interest of the salvation of the " day " (Sunday) as a " divine institution," and not, as he has previously contended, as a civic rest for tired toilers. He also declares for State-wide prohibition of Sunday amusements as well as Sunday business. Let him who would vote in favor of  retaining the Sunday blue law because it contains an exemption for his cult, or his sect of religionists, or his class of busi-ness men, or for those who take pleasure in Sunday amusements, such as golf, tennis, baseball, and theatergoing, be forewarned that the State that assumes the power to legislate on questions of conscience, and to grant an exemption to any class of its citizens, retains the as-sumed right to repeal such exemption at will ; and will repeal it sooner or later. Then what? Hear Mr. Tufts again, as quoted in the Oregonian, July 4, 1916: Š " We expect to snow his [Kellaher's repeal] measure under. . . . Then we will ask the next legislature to amend the existing law so as to make it an up-to-date, effective stat-ute, free from any unjust discriminations." " And so will it be on the Sabbath question before we attain to State-wide prohibition of Sunday business and Sunday amusements."ŠPacific Christian Advocate, July 5,1916. Their intent is that Sunday must be regarded, at least outwardly, by all peo-ple as a religious day; and not as they would have us believe, that the laboring men may have Sunday as a day of phys-ical rest, relaxation, and pleasure. It is said, " The minority must submit to majority rule." Yes, but on civic questions only. One's conscience and re-ligion he owes to God, not to majorities. The Sabbath is religious, and must be rendered to God only.. The majority of the people of every nation observe no day. If majorities must rule in religion, then a law should be made that the mi-nority, do as they do Š observe no day. " The fact that the Christian voluntarily keeps holy the first day of the week, does not authorize the legislature to make that observance compulsory. The legisla-ture cannot compel the citizen to do that which the Constitution leaves him free to do or omit, at his election."Š Supreme Court of California, April term of 1858. 