LIBERTY 87 " Extensive religious combinations to effect a political object are, in the opinion of the committee, always dangerous. This first ef-fort of the kind calls for the establishment of a principle which, in the opinion of the committee, would lay the foundation for dan-gerous innovations upon the spirit of the Con-stitution, and upon the religious rights of the citizens. If admitted, it may be justly appre-hended that the future measures of the Govern-ment will be strongly marked, if not eventually controlled, by the same influence. All religious despotism commences by combination and in-fluence; and when that influence begins to operate upon the political institutions of a country, the civil power soon bends under it; and the catastrophe of other nations furnishes an awful warning of the consequence." There are still a few men left of keen vision and loyal spirit who are pointing out the rocks upon which many a noble vessel was stranded and wrecked in the past. A frequent recurrence to the funda-mental principles upon which our Re-public was founded and to the warning voice of history would have a tendency to keep the church out of politics, and the state from defining and enforcing re- ligious obligations. L. Sunday Moving Pictures Rec-ommended by the Federal Government THE War Department of the United States Government sent out a state-ment for publication, under the signature of the Assistant Secretary of War, in which is advocated the use of the moving picture for Sunday enter-tainment and instruction. The War De-partment says : " Provision has been made to supply the chap-lains with a special moving picture service suit-able for Sunday night use. Fundamentally the service will be an exhibition of strong motion picture narratives giving a definite moral train-ing on special subjects; as, The Fatherhood of God, The Brotherhood of Man, Friendship, Charity, Civic Pride, honesty, Tolerance, Ameri-canization. We now ask the aid and moral support of the church people of our country in our new determination." What right has the church to forbid the state to operate moving picture films on Sunday or on any other day of the week ? The state has the right to do any-thing on Sunday that is legitimate on any day of the week. It has no right to do anything that is not legitimate and honorable, no matter whether the act is committed on Sunday or any other day. It is the nature of the act itself which de-termines whether it is right or wrong, and not the time when the act is com-mitted. A crime is a crime on every day of the week, and not because it is com-mitted on Wednesday or Friday. The churches have been engaged in fighting the moving picture shows on Sundays, not because the play is harmful and deleterious to public morals, but be-cause the moving picture show enters into competition with church patronage and attendance. The churches have no more right to demand that the civil au-thorities close up the moving picture shows on Sundays than the moving pic-ture shows have a right to demand that all churches be closed on week days, or show nights, lest they interfere with the attendance and patronage of the picture shows. If picture shows are immoral and harmful per se, then they ought to be pro-hibited for all time, but if they are bene-ficial and uplifting, then there is no civil reason why they should not be allowed to operate on any day. Of course, we could give some religious reasons why they should not be operated by a Christian and why Christians ought not to go to moving pictures of a certain class on the Sabbath day or on any day, but the civil authorities cannot take legal cognizance of these religious reasons. The state deals only with purely civil matters. The mo-ment the state steps into the religious do-main and enforces religious obligations, it exceeds its rightful authority. Reli-gious requirements must remain free from civil interference. For this reason, Sunday observance under duress of civil law is all wrong and un-American in principle. 