CITY HALL, LOUISVILLE, KY. LIBERTY 157 of all literature attacking the Catholic faith; but it does not intend to drop the matter. Concerning this the national secretary says in his annual report : Š Your national secretary took up this matter with the Postmaster-General and the Third Assistant Postmaster of the United States. Under date of March 22, 1912, Hon. Frank H. Hitchcock, Post-master-General, writes as follows : Š " I have to inform you that there is no provision of law under which newspapers or other publications While such a policy on the part of any portion of the public press is to be de-plored, nevertheless, since your request involves a matter which is peculiarly within the province of the legislative branch of the government, I do not feel at liberty to make any suggestions as to the legislative policy to be pursued. Your senators and representatives in Congress would, no doubt, give careful consideration to your request. The secretary then epitomizes the situ-ation thus : Š containing violent criti-cisms of any particular religious faith may be excluded from the mails, unless such criticism takes the form of per-sonal slander, scurrility, or obscenity, in which case the publisher be-comes amenable to the criminal laws of the United States, and may be fined or imprisoned, or both, and his publica-tion debarred from the mails. It is not prob-able that under our fed-eral Constitution, which prohibits interference with religious opinion in any way, a law could be passed restraining criti-c i s m s of religious faiths." The Third Assistant Postmaster - Gen e r al wrote the secretary to the same effect, stating that his department was This and all other public buildings were profusely draped in American without authority of law and papal colors in honor of the convention. to take any other steps than those indi-cated in the letter of the Postmaster-General. The secretary of the federation then inquired of the department to know what words could be added to the pres-ent law so as to exclude from the mails papers, etc., that " continually slander and defame the leaders of the Christian faith." The Third Assistant Postmas-ter-General replied : Š From the above communications it ap-pears that no law could be enacted under our federal Constitution to stop the cir-culation of papers, etc., containing gen-eral violent criticisms of any particular faith. Concerning the movement for Sunday enforcement, the secretary says : Š Our societies in many localities are urging for a more rigid Sunday observ-ance, and have encouraged the movement 