TABLE ON WHICH GEORGE MASON WROTE THE VIRGINIA BILL OF RIGHTS, NOW IN INDEPENDENCE HALL, PHILADELPHIA This document as amended by Patrick Henry and James Madison, contains the real germ of American liberty. 14 LIBERTY' duty, whatever power the colonial legis-lative assembly may have had to prescribe and enforce such a law, we are of the opinion that it can not be legally enforced under our present constitutional form of government. The Constitution of the United States guarantees to the citizen absolute religious freedom in that it for-bids the enactment of any law respect-ing the establishment of religion or that will prohibit the free exercise thereof." " The statute before us is part of a pecul-iar class of legislation that was enacted in many of the colonies during the sev-enteenth and the early part of the eighteenth centuries. The object of such legislation was . . . to enforce the strict religious observ-ance of the Sabbath day. Such laws were the outgrowth of a sys-tem of religious intol-erance that prevailed in many of the colo-nies." While the bill before us (S. 237) does not employ the same language as the old Maryland Sunday law, it does require at least an outward re- Łgard for Sunday as a clay of rest and wor-ship, and the language quoted therefore ap-pears to us as appli-cable to its provisions. A Historical Illustration That Sunday laws do not necessarily pro-mote the morality or insure the stability of a nation is a plain lesson of history. Commencing with the Sunday law of the emperor Constantine, A. D. 321, laws many and severe, relating to the observance of the first day of the week, were placed upon the statute-books of Rome during the fourth and fifth cen-turies, and during the same period the empire was hastening to its downfall. Shall this history be repeated in the case of the United States ? As Viewed by Senators When the bill S. 404, almost identical in its provisions with the present one, was  under discussion in the Senate, Jan. 26, 191o, statements were made by senators which are worthy of consideration at this time. The whole debate could be read with profit, but we are able to present only brief extracts. Referring to the fact that certain labor organizations were asking for this legislation in order to compel all persons following the same calling to close their places of business on Sunday, Senator Bailey, of Texas, said, " I am not disposed to allow any class to come and ask for a law that in-terferes with some man who wants to pursue his calling, simply because some other man does not want to pursue it." In the same connection, Senator Dixon, of Montana, spoke as follows: " If there is going to be a religious test applied in the capital of the United States, then the bill should so specify and cut out many of the exemptions that are in it. If it is not a religious test, then there is no oc-casion for the passage of this kind of a law in the capital of this great republic. I think in a republican form of govern-ment one of the most dangerous pro-grams that legislatures can enter upon is anything looking toward the establish- 