106 LIBERTY strength of the Catholic citizenship of our country will pass in review before the President and his Cabinet, Princes and Dignitaries of the Catholic Church, Ambassadors, and Plenipotentiaries of foreign nations." " Forward, Knights ! On to Washing-ton! Fifty Thousand Strong! " (Em-phasized by the use of capitals.) More significant still, however, are the title and contents of the following edito-.  rial utterances appearing in the New World (Chicago) of June 15, 1912. Under the heading " A National Event of Catholic Moment," the editor says : Š " The gathering of Catholics from every quarter of our country at the na-tion's capital last Saturday . . . is in-deed L. notable event in the history, na-tional and religious, of our country. Fit-ting, indeed, it was that the function should bear at the same time a national and a religious aspect, for the great mar-iner . . . to whose memory this splen-did monument in marble was unveiled came to our shores in double missionŠwith the compass of discovery and the cross of redemption. " So the governmental executive at Washington cooperated with the Knights of Columbus, and made this erection of a memorial to Columbus a work of the nation." On the first page of the Tablet, " the Catholic weekly of the Brooklyn dio-cese," representing " seven hundred thousand Catholics in Kings, Queens, Nassau, and Suffolk Counties " (June 15, 1912), appeared an article by " Va-lerian," entitled " The Catholic Pulse." In the sixth paragraph occur these words : Š " It must have been hard on General Miles when he stood on the stand for the unveiling of the Columbus statue in Washington, to see the Knights of Co-lumbus pass by in parade. " The swords of the fourth degree men must have convinced him that the order is but waiting the opportunity to cut a path for the Pope into the White House." (Italics ours.) In his encyclical Quarto abrupto sec- u/o, issued July 16, 1902, Pope Leo XIII said : Š " For Columbus is ours; since if a little consideration be given to the partic-ular reason of his design in exploring the mare tenebrosum [dark sea], and also the manner in which he endeavored to execute the design, it is indubitable that the Catholic faith was the strongest mo-tive for the inception and prosecution of the design; so that for this reason also the whole human race owes not a little to the church."Š" Great Encyclical Let-ters of Leo XIII," page 265. Views of the Protestant Press Prominent among the Protestant jour-nals that have detected the hand of Rome in this movement, is the Independent (New York), which published a three-column editorial under date of Oct. zo, 1910, entitled " Columbus Day," from which we take the following extracts : Š " While the constituents of the mag-nificent processions are of different na-tionalities, the one thing that unifies them is their religion. They are all Catholics. The north of Ireland Orangemen take no part in it, nor the Scotch, nor the Lu-therans of Germany. There is a Catho-lic organization known as the Knights of Columbus, and they have given a nu-cleus for the celebration of the day.. . . We believe in Columbus day." (Italics ours.) One year later, however, the editors of the Independent, having observed the practical working out of the scheme of the Catholic Church to monopolize this holiday in the various States, voiced a dignified protest against the day. In their issue of Oct. 12, 1911, the following language appears : Š " There is coming to be one serious ob-jection, we are sorry to say, to the cele-bration of Columbus day as a holiday, and that is that it is being made a secta-rian day. There is nothing sectarian about Independence day, or Labor day, or Thanksgiving day. They are good for Protestants and Catholics and Jews alike. . . . So Columbus day might be and should be a day for all of us to honor the 