28 LIBERTY When an oppressed people are suddenly re-leased from centuries of thraldom, and from the grossest kind of darkness, and are quickly brought into the glorious liberty of the sons of freedom and into the full light of the modern world, their eyes are dazzled and their minds bewildered for the moment, and they are prone to lose the true path leading to the citadel of universal freedom and equality of rights. Their follies and mistakes are due more to errors of judgment and lack of expe-rience than to badness of heart. A people who are liberated in such environment deserve our pity more than our censure. The Russian people endured oppression until the bonds of tyranny could no longer restrain the desire to be free at any cost or sacrifice. Social welfare and human liberty began to be esteemed of greater value in the hearts of the soldiers, working classes, and peasants than national interests which meant only the strengthening of the hands of their oppressors. One of the immediate causes which precipi-tated the Russian revolution and caused the soldiers and workingmen to rise up against their military masters, was the veto given to their appeal requesting the privilege of choos-ing their own military leaders. Their military masters, appointed by the autocratic power of Russia, did not have one iota of sympathy for the soldiers and workingmen, or interest in their social and material welfare. These men and their dependents were treated by their mas-ters as vassals, with no promise of improved conditions in the future. The military autocrat trampled with impu-nity upon ev-ery inalienable right of man, and utterly ig-nored the con-victions of the individual con-s i en c e. The  czar said he would continue the war until the last muzhik (Russian peasant) was sacrificed. No one could question his arbitrary authority without paying the price of his life. No one had a right to interpose his duty to obey his conscience as a paramount obligation upon hie soul, when it conflicted with the command of a military martinet. The abuses of military authority violated every principle of justice and humanity. In order that these abuses might cease, the soldiers and workingmen de-sired the privilege of choosing military leaders, who represented the masses more directly. When relief was denied them by the military' autocrats, the spirit of unrest and discontent broke all restraint. Will the militarists of the autocratic type in other nations learn a lesson from Russia's experience? We believe that the leading responsible men holding high offices in the American Army and Navy and in the general Administration, have earnestly endeavored to uphold and maintain the high American ideals of essential justice and true democracy during the great war just concluded. Notwithstanding this, however, cer-tain abuses occurred under subordinate officers which have caused dissatisfaction. Perhaps it was due to our defective military system, which we patterned after an autocratic instead of a democratic scheme. 'According to reliable statements, the Ameri-can Government needs to revise the regulations and laws of the military establishment as at present constituted and administered by some of the martinets in the American Army. We are informed by American jurists that our Scenes in Russia military regime in its arbitrary exac-tions is an exact reproduction of the autocratic military establishments o f medieval Europe, and has been re-sponsible for gross abuses and much dissatisfaction. (Continued on page 83) 