112 LIBERTY mission I do not here express an opinion, merely pointing out that the acquisition of a mission school conducted by private persons seems little analagous to a change of grade-  in the status of a post-office, which is already an instrumental-ity and a property of the United States. The point I wish here to make clear is that this arrangement for placing em-ployees in the classified civil service when schools were purchased, was made to include employees Š members of peculiar religious orders Š of schools which were merely leased. Statistical facts about persons at pres-ent in government employ who would be affected by Circular No. 6or are as fol-lows : In 1896, and since that year, 42 mission employees have been " covered in." Of these employees, 32 have been Catholic employees, in almost every in-stance sisters, brothers, or priests of pe-culiar Catholic orders. Of these Catholic employees who were " covered in," 28 remain at the schools taken over by the United States. Reports made to the Indian Office in February, 1912, show 51 employees wearing garb,Š all wearing the peculiar garb of Catholic orders,Š 48 sisters and 3 brothers or priests. San Xavier day-schools 4 Standing Rock Agency School 9 The former mission employees of other denominations who wore distinct- ive dress would seem to have discarded it upon taking up government work ; for example, the superintendent of one of the boarding-schools, an Episcopalian clergyman, at once laid aside his peculiar garb, and has not since resumed it. The recent reports of superintendents, referred to above, show that 51 em-ployees were affected by Circular No. 6o1, whereas only 28 Catholic mission employees were " covered in " the clas-sified civil service when schools were taken over, and are still in the Indian Service. This discrepancy arises from the fact that some former mission em-ployees continued at the schools in po-sitions unclassified in the civil service at the time the schools were taken over, but later regularly classified ; two employees at Catholic mission schools had a status in the civil service when their schools were taken over ; and some employees, as the four at Keshena Hospital, occupy positions that are not now classified. It must be apparent that the action of the Civil Service Commission in its letter of June to, 1895, can in no way be tor-tured into an expression by the govern-ment of any intention to continue the old system of partnership between the government and the church in the edu-cation of the Indians,Š the system of contract schools. Whatever question may be raised as to the validity of the action of the commission, its scope is unmistakable ; it had and could have no other effect than to take the persons con-cerned into the classified civil service. They then became officers of the United States, subject, in all respects and equally with other officers in the service, to what-ever principles are binding on this gov-ernment in the performance of its func-tions. And by the same token they became bound affirmatively to exemplify so far as they could the force and effect of those principles. No Moral Claim Against the Insistence on the Enforcement of Constitutional Principles In the face of this summary of the situation, it is difficult to see how any SISTERS Anadarko boarding- BROTHERS OR PRIESTS school 8 2 Fort Berthold board-ing-school 6 Fort Totten boarding-school 9 Jemez day-school 2 Keshena Hospital 4 Lac Courte Oreille day-school 2 Odanah day-school 2 Red Cliff day-school 2 