LIBERTY 33 President Roosevelt has evidently been a close student of the varied uses to which money has been put Š illegal usury, ques-tionable trade and barter, the saloon and theater,Š and concludes that it would be in the interest of pure religion itself to sep-arate the " chaff from the wheat." All good citizens should join the President in the hope that " the religious sentiment of the country," and " the spirit of reverence in the country," will prevent any action being taken by Congress for the restoration of this motto on the coins. A contrary position means to perpetuate one of the elements which goes to make up a Constan-tinian religion in very truth. His was a system of forms and compromises, attract-ive because of its display, which finally led to the subjugation of the state by the church, proving ruinous to both. Genealogy of Sunday Laws 1. Younger States of America: " In Sunday legislation we have followed the example of the older States." 2. Older States: " In Sunday legislation and judicial decision we have followed the example of the oldest States." 3. Oldest States: " In the matter of Sunday legislation we have followed the example of the original colonies." 4. Original Colonies: " In the matter of Sunday legislation we have followed the precedents and example of OldŁ En-gland, which had an established relig-ion, a church-and-state system." 5. Old England: "'In the matter of Sunday laws and religious legislation, they are relics of the Catholic Church, in-corporated Ł among us when that church was the established church of the empire. When Henry VIII, about 1544, renounced allegiance to the pope, we retained, and are still cherishing, these papal relics." 6. Catholic Church: " Sunday laws and religious legislation were incorporated into our church by the craft, flattery, and policy of Constantine and the ambitious bishops of his time, together with decrees of the popes and councils of later date, by which we transmuted the ' venerable day of the sun,' the ' wild solar holiday of all pagan times,' into the Christian sabbath of all papal times, which is conceded by all Protestants who follow our example."ŠCalifornia Missionary. The Persecuted or the Persecutors: Which? T. E. BOWEN IN scanning briefly the history of the past, whose record would you choose, can-didly, alone before your Maker Š the lot of the persecuted, or that of the persecutor? Jesus Christ's own preaching caused division. The clean-cut messages falling from his lips rebuked sin in a fearless man-ner. Wherever he went, much discussion took place among the people. Some con-tended that he spoke by divine authority; others said, " He hath a devil, and is mad; why hear ye him? " Thus a battle continu-ally raged between truth and error, right-eousness and sin. This brought enmity where before there seemed to be harmony, even among members of the same family. Some questioned Š if this was the right way, why all this confusion and conflicting of elements? In reply, Jesus said: " Think not that I am come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace, but a sword." It was the truth that Jesus taught that stirred up opposition. When Jesus was under arrest, and was being examined by Pilate, the Roman governor, in answer to Pilate's direct question, " Art thou a king then? " he said : " Thou sayest that I am" a king [a form of strong affirmation at that time]. To this end have I been born, and for this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth." Please note carefully that for the one pur-pose of bearing witness unto the truth, in the midst of all falsity and sin, the Lord said he came into the world. Then of all things esteemed great or important, Heaven counts witnessing to the truth the most important. The persecuted have in all ages been of the truth; the persecutors, of sin. The conflict between truth and error becomes visible in the array of individuals who are actuated by, and adhere to, these two con-flicting principles. It is not a question as to the numbers arrayed against God's word Š the truth Šor the worldly distinction of the men opposing, or the power of earthly govern-ments they may have to wield; but the question for every person to study care-fully and settle for himself is, " Am I standing for, or arrayed against, truth?" Consider your Master. Alone he stood 