MARCUS AURELIUS Censorship and the Police Power By C. P. BOLLMAN APRIL 19, in discussing certain provisions of the espionage bill (S. 2), a Senator sought to jus-tify the press censorship feature of the measure by appeal to that greatly over-worked phase of government known as " the police power." This Senator quoted from Patterson v. Kentucky (97 U. S., 504) " The police power ex-tends, at least, to the protection of the lives, the health, and the prop-erty of the community against the injurious ex- ercise by any citizen of his rights." And again he cited the opinion of Chief Justice Redfield in the case of Thorpe v. Rutland & Burling- ton R. R. Co. (27 Vermont, 149, 150), in which his honor said that the police power extendsŠ " to the protection of the lives, limbs, health, comfort, and quiet of all persons, and the protection all property; . . . and persons and property are subjected to all kinds of restraints and burdens in order to secure the general comfort, health, and prosperity. . . . Of the perfect right of the legislature to do this no question ever was, or, upon acknowledged principles, ever can be made." But it should not be forgotten that even the police power has its limitations. Under the general police power of a city the height of buildings may be and fre-quently is limited. Suppose, however, that the charter of a city contained these words : " Provided, however, that the corporation authorized and created by this charter shall have no power to pre- scribe the style or to limit the height of buildings," would anybody seriously in-sist that these things might still be done under the general police power ?Š Cer-tainly not. Then why argue that not-withstanding the prohibition of the First Amendment to the Constitution, Con-gress has the right under the general police power and for the protection of the government, to re-strict the freedom of the press, or in other words, to do the very thing the Constitution forbids it to do? The First Amend-ment also provides that " Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or pro-hibiting the free ex-ercise thereof." If that part of Article I of Amendments, de-signed to guarantee freedom of speech and of the press may be overridden and disregarded under the general police power of the government, why may not the entire article be set aside in the same way, and a national religion be estab-lished, for the sake of the stability and safety of the government? There can be no question that uni-formity of religious faith is a great ele- ment of strength in a government. It was for this reason that some of the best emperors of Rome, Marcus Aurelius, for example, felt it incumbent upon them to persecute the Christians, who not only held themselves aloof from the pagan forms of worship, but opposed war and (Continued on page 93) 73 of 