Sunday Blue Law and Repeal Bill of Oregon BY H. W. COTTRELL THE Oregon Sunday law was estab-lished in the year 1854, during Western territorial days, and enacted by State au-thority Oct. 19, 1864. It not only deter-mined specific kinds of business that must remain closed on Sunday, but decreed that no person should " do any secular business or labor other than works of necessity or mercy." This clause was omitted from the amended law adopted Dec. 18, 1865, which is now upon the stat-ute books unchanged, with the exception that the word " theaters " has been sub-stituted for " barber shops " in the busi-nesses permitted to remain open on Sun-day. The following-named places of business and pleasure are prohibited from opening : " Any store, shop, gro-cery, bowling alley, billiard-room, or tip-pling house, for the purpose of labor or traffic, or any place of amusement." The law exempts from its provisions " the-aters, the keepers of drug stores, doctor shops, undertakers, livery-stable keepers, butchers, and bakers." The legislature exempts through sheer omission from the scope of the statute, flour mills, sawmills, logging camps, rail-road construction camps, mines, fisheries, smelting mills, and other industries that together provide employment for the ma-jor part of the working population. Since 1865 this unjust and discrim-inatory statute slumbered for the most part in the sepulcher of oblivion until, a few months ago, some unscrupulous per-sons associated themselves together, vow-ing to spy out and invade the personal, inherent liberties enjoyed on Sunday by independent grocers of Portland, and other cities in the State. As the result of this espionage, several grocers were arrested and dragged before the civil  courts because their course of conduct on that day did not meet the approval of their narrow-minded enemies. The numerous exemptions in the law are unanswerable proof of its injustice. If, according to the present statute, it is lawful to sell a loaf of bread in a baker) on Sunday, such law is unjust and should be repealed if it makes the seller a crim-inal should lie sell a similar loaf on that day from a grocery. But such is the inconsistency of religious laws. Since it is lawful to sell groceries on Monday, if such sale is forbidden on Sunday it must be clear to all that the law is in the interest of the claimed re-ligious-sabbatic character of the day. Such legislation is therefore un-Amer-ican and unconstitutional, and should be relegated to the dim vista of the Dark Ages, where such legislation flourished most ; for now we read : Š " Congress shall make no law respecting all establishment of religion [" civic," Christian, or pagan], or prohibiting the free exercise thereof."Š First Amendment to the Federal Constitution. In justification of Sunday laws, it is asserted that " uninterrupted labor " brings ethical debasement. But there is no law of our physical being that requires a definite day of the week for rest. Rest should be taken rather when needed. The physically strong man of twenty-five does not require the same amount of rest as the delicate woman of sixty. All the moral good derived from rest on Sunday, or Sabbath, or on any other definite day of the week, more than on other days, is because of the religious character of the day. To receive such benefit from rest on any day, that day must be observed from personal choice " The question of Sunday observance is something with which no government, no state, no city, no town, should meddle. . . . Its enforcement at the muzzle of a national, a state, or a municipal law, is as obnoxious and uncalled for as the enforcement of church attendance or family prayers, by the same means."Š The Colorado Graphic. 192 