20 LIBERTY himself, hence the man is left free to think for himself, so far as compulsion is concerned. Admonitions, advice, per-suasion, cautions, and warnings can of right be given him as to his thoughts but even then it remains with him alone to decide as to whether he will think on things that are true, that are honest, that are just, that are .pure, that are lovely, that are of good report. These eternal, self-evident, natural-born, in-evitable, inalienable truths call in thun-der tones for religious liberty, and are therefore among the fundamental prin-ciples of such liberty. There are two kinds of creatures in ex-istence : the animate and the inanimate. The one can choose ; the other can not.  Since God made a part of his creatures intelligent, and therefore capable of choosing, it follows that he did not want them to be machines ; and why should we endeavor to make machines of that which God did not? The right of choice carries with it liberty to exercise one's self in that choice; but such liberty in religious matters is religious liberty, and therefore the very fact that each is to choose for himself, as to whether he will or will not serve God, puts at once the matter of choice at the very foundation of religious liberty, and can therefore be said to be one of the fundamental principles of religious liberty. " Choose you this day whom ye will serve." Bluffton, Ind. Spain and Religious Liberty WALTER G. BOND So long has Spain been robbed of re-ligious liberty and terrorized by a domi-neering clergy that one can scarcely think of the name without associating with it the dark scenes of the Inquisition. Spain, we may say, in the words of Scripture, is " a land of wheat, and bar-ley, 'and vines, and fig-trees, and pome-granates ; a land of oil olive, and honey ; . . . a land whose stones are iron, and out of whose hills thou mayest dig brass." " Under its former occupants, from the Phenicians to the Moors, it was one of the granaries and gardens of Eu-rope." Its commanding position on the great highway of the world's commerce, the fertility of its soil, its mineral treas-ures, and the industry and energy of its people, secured for it unquestionably the first place among the nations of Europe. But under the paralyzing influence of a religio-political tyranny its colonies dis-appeared; its cities fell into decay; its fields were smitten with barrenness ; its commerce and manufactures perished, until it retained but the ruins of its former greatness. " Who is wise, and lie shall understand these things? pru-dent, and he shall know them ? " " The  wicked shall do wickedly: and none of the wicked shall understand ; but the wise shall understand." For a number of years the decadence has been arrested, and a measure of im-provement can be traced. There is a burning desire in thousands of Spanish hearts for freedom of conscience; and these liberty-loving souls, scattered about in every city, town, and hamlet of the na-tion, are anxiously longing for the time when liberty shall be proclaimed, and Rome's heavy yoke be broken forever. The struggle is on. The despotism of former years is being succeeded by anarchy. The people are rapidly passing from superstition into infidelity, great multitudes of them having already done so. But Rome still rules ; nor does she expect to leave the field of battle unless forced to do so. Her influence is still far-reaching. Not that the masses are in love with her nor with her doctrines. but they are anxious to keep on good terms with her, so that she will do them no harm ; just as the heathen worship evil spirits so as to keep them in a good humor. This very condition has created a nation of hypocrites. There are com- 