1:3 111 1311111iiiiiii ltnim4Alintio w Maringintia  LIBERTY 3 I 81 We believe that those who desire to meet for the public worship of God should be protected from all interference, but we do not grant that any more pro-tection is required for one day in the week than another. It is the right of citizens to assemble peaceably for re-ligious or other purposes, and it is the duty of civil government to protect such assemblies; but to demand legislation which will make criminal on a certain day of the week acts which are per-mitted and lawful on the other days, is to seek the enforcement of a religious observance by law. Any religion or any religious observ-ance which asks to be supported or en-forced by law, thereby confesses its own inherent weakness. All that the truth requires is a free field and a fair op-portunity. To ask for more than this is to acknowledge that error is more power-ful than truth. A Dangerous Combination THERE was held in the city of Phila-delphia, Dec. 2-8, 1908, the first meeting of the Federal Council of the Churches of Christ in America, attended by nearly four hundred delegates officially ap-pointed to represent thirty-one of the Protestant denominations of this coun-try. The Philadelphia Press character-ized it as " the most important ecclesias-tical gathering since the apostolic days ; " and the Philadelphia North American, in its report of the first session, stated that " one idea stood out very clearly Š the growing realization of the gathering that, from last night, there is what may be actually called an American church, a consolidated Protestant church of the United States." The Philadelphia Pub-lic Ledger declared : " In a measure this gathering of four hundred delegates ap-pointed by the governing bodies of thir- ty-one Protestant evangelical churches is epoch-making. These churches have an adult membership of eighteen million. They claim to have fifty million adher-ents, or considerably more than one half the population of the United States. When such a powerful group of relig-ious bodies acts in concert, far-reaching results may be expected." In its official literature, one of the WITHERSPOON BUILDING, PHILADELPHIA The Federal Council of Churches met in a hall in this building objects of this great organization is stated to be Š to secure a larger combined influence for the church of Christ in all matters affecting the moral and social condition of the people, so as to promote the ap-plication of the law of Christ in every relation of human life. In his opening address before the dele- gates and a vast audience, the retiring president of the council, Dr. William H. Roberts, defined at some length the field in which this organization would operate. We quote in part : Š We believe that the great Christian bodies in our country should stand to-gether, lead in the discussion of, and 