3 LIBERTY " Resolved by the people of the State of Illinois, represented in the General Assembly, That the able report made by Col. Richard M. Johnson, of Kentucky, in the Senate of the United States, on the 19th January, 1829, . . . meets our de-cided approbation." In view of the present wide-spread agi-tation for Sunday legislation, and the fact that no fewer than ten Sunday bills were introduced at the last session of Congress, it would be well if these mas-terly reports of Col. Richard M. John-son could again be scattered throughout the land, and read by the people. It would doubtless be well also if State legislatures, and that of the State of Ala-bama in particular, one of whose sen-ators introduced no fewer than three of these measures, should again express themselves upon the question of Sunday legislation, and instruct their senators, and request their representatives in Con-gress, to " use their exertions in opposi-tion to any measure " of the kind. The Sunday-Law Movement in California J. 0. CORLISS FOR certain reasons California is now an object of much solicitation on the part of many people. It is the only State in the American Union without a Sunday law. This is not because well-organized efforts have not been made to place such a law among the statutes of the most western State of the continent. Four at-tempts in this direction have been made by religious bodies, and four failures stand on record against these underta-kings. Yet California appears to have about the same sorts and forms of religious belief as other States having Sunday laws. There seems also to be among these the average enthusiasm in all re-ligious enterprises. No noticeable differ-ence, in fact, is discernible between the people of California and those of the Eastern States in the usual course of things, except that of thrifty industry. Another attempt to saddle California with a legal weekly rest day is already organized, and the bill looking to that end hasŁbeen drafted, though at this wri-ting the legislature has not convened. The bill, therefore, has its origin outside of the legally constituted lawmakers of the State. This fact leads to the inquiry of the bill's authorship. A statement de-signed for publication, in which are set forth the limitations of the proposed law regarding a certain class of religionists, was duly signed thus : " G. L. Tufts, Author of the Sunday Rest Bill." From the list of proposed exemptions, " great care " evidently has been used not to offend any of the sporting element of the State, lest some part of its constit-uency become alarmed, and organize a campaign against the measure. In this form the law is to be simply an " edu-cator " until public sentiment will sustain an effort to make it " ideal." What the ideal law will be, according to the de-mands of this churchly Reform Bureau, can be known only by the concessions to be granted it by the civil power. One thing, however, seems certain. Since the church power has framed the Sunday-rest bill, if, when it asks the legislature to make it a law of the state, the representatives of the state accede to the request, then the state has united with the church to make a law designed to further the aims of the church. Hav-ing secured the one victory, the church will make further demands on the state, and in a short time, the history of the " Holy Roman Empire " will be repeated. Let not the listless or proud carper satisfy his mind by saying that such a prediction is trivial. Already initial steps are being taken to secure to the church the power of the state. The federation of the thirty-three church sects, with di-verse beliefs regarding Christian life and church polity, has not come about for the purpose of giving the gospel a louder note and wider range. This was already being wrought out by the separate de-nominations, each in its appointed way. Besides, the new arrangement does not 