LIBERTY  153 we in accord with the principles which they hold regarding the questions of church and state. We deplore the atti-tude which they have assumed for years with respect to the use of public-school money and their efforts to secure govern-mental recognition in various ways. But while opposing the positions they take with reference to these questions, we hold that as citizens of this country they are unqualifiedly entitled to the same rights and privileges in every particular as their Protestant neighbors. This is sim-ple justice and equity; this is guaranteed by the Constitution of the United States ; this is the spirit of the Declaration of Independence. It is for us to differentiate between men and principles. Many principles held by Catholics we consider wrong; but while we recognize the evils of these principles, we must concede that there are many excellent people in the Catholic Church who believe these principles. In common with Protestants there are many Catholics who are good citizens and kind neighbors, and who we believe are quite as conscientiously serving God ac-cording to their belief as are members of  the Protestant church. If Protestants were to adopt these same principles, the same results would follow. This has been demonstrated in the past. The fires of persecution in the Old World burned no more fiercely than did those kindled by Cotton Mather and his zealots in the early days of New England. The per-secutions of Queen Mary against her Protestant subjects were no more de-plorable than the persecutions of Queen Elizabeth against Catholics and non-con-formists. Following the same principles, these zealots, whether Catholic or Protes-tant, were led to do the same work. Against these principles we protest, but for those who hold to them, whether Protestant or Catholic, we entertain a most kindly regard. We would seek to save them from the results of their own efforts. Their interests are our interests, and that which robs them in any degree of their rights is a blow against liberty and a menace to every citizen. In the words of an eminent statesman, we be-lieve in " equal and exact justice to all men, of whatever state or persuasion, re-ligious or political." Washington, D. C. tlf Religion in the Public Schools w. F. MARTIN SHOULD the Christian religion be taught in the public schools? This is a question that is seriously discussed by thinking men and women throughout the land today. In the following brief ar-ticle it is desired to present some reasons against such teaching. There is no desire to question the di-vine origin of Christianity. neither is there any questioning of its authenticity ; but there is a question as to the propriety of its being taught in the schools estab-lished and supported by the state. The common or public schools are altogether secular. Their purpose is to make good citizens. They are supported by taxes paid by all the people, the non-Christian as well as the Christian. the Jew and the  Hindu as well as the worshiper of Jesus Christ and of the true God. It can hardly be claimed that no one can be a good citizen except he make a profession of Christianity. Then again, Christians themselves are not agreed as to what constitutes the true principles of Christianity. If it is decided by the state that true Christianity is to be taught in the public schools, it will be necessary for the state to decide what constitutes true Christianity, or the true principles of the Christian religion. When once the state does that, it has established a state religion. A state-es-tablished religion must have an estab-lished head. This head of the state-es-tablished religion would be a state-estab- 