10 LIBERTY Benjamin Franklin says : " When re-ligion is good, it will take care of itself ; when it is not able to take care of itself, and God does not see fit to take care of it, so that it has to appeal to the civil power for support, it is evidence to my mind that its cause is a bad one." K. C. R. A Grand Opportunity THE following plain statement of a great fact we take from the Christian Register of September 15 : Š The opportunity is still open for the United States as a nation to make itself the visible and successful representative of the highest ideals of Civil and religious liberty. That opportunity was placed before the nation at its founding, and well did it re-spond in the fundamental law of the land, guaranteeing the liberty of the in-dividual in both civil and religious things. When the principle was made broad enough for the conscience of the individ-ual to rest upon, it was broad enough for a nation to rest upon, and build upon, and succeed upon. On that principle it did rest, and build, and succeed ; and its success in the highest realm of national greatness has been in direct proportion to its adherence to the principle of individual liberty in spiritual as well as temporal affairs. But another principle, insidious and seductive, is clamoring for recogni-tion. The cry is no longer for the rights of the individual, but for the rights of " society." Forgetting, or unwilling to recognize, the fact that " society " is com-posed of individuals, and that when the rights of the individual are conserved, the rights of society are adequately guaran-teed, they build a new creature, give it all the attributes of an individual, imagine it a conscious entity, with a soul to be saved, christen it Society, and license it to override every right of the individuals composing it. To it must be sacrificed  every human right that may be in seem-ing conflict with its supposed rights. This modern replica of the ancient Minotaur demands its toll to-day in consciences of men, instead of youths and maidens. Is there no Theseus to-day to slay this in-satiate monster? The opportunity is open. If the individuals of the nation will stand for their individual rights as individual citizens, and not allow them-selves to be deprived of their birthright of civil and religious freedom, the victory is assured. But they can never do this so long as they permit the real rights of the individual to be sacrificed to the sup-posed rights of Society. When Society declares that the individual must con-form in his religious beliefs and practise to the religious beliefs and practises of Society, it makes a demand which, if ac-ceded to, overthrows the most vital and fundamental principles of popular gov-ernment. But that is what is done wher-ever laws are made regarding religious things. Admit the principle of the right of the state to legislate in matters relig-ious, and you have admitted a principle that will put the conscience of every true Christian some day on the scaffold, or bring it to the stake of the auto da fa. And that principle is admitted wherever and whenever a Sunday law is framed by national or state legislature. He who favors such laws may picture himself a criminal whenever his conscience shall induce him to accept a teaching not le-galized by the state-favored creed. C. M. S. A Striking Parallel THE Missouri Federation of Labor has placed itself on record by a unanimous vote against State-wide prohibition, be-cause they fear that the success of the prohibition movement in that State will result in the destruction of industries wherein nearly two hundred thousand trade unionists earn their livelihood. 