LIBERTY Si free exercise of religion by those who observe another day of the week for re-ligious reasons. For though they may be exempt from the penalty of the law, they do not have equal protection under it. The seventh-day observer may be granted, under an exemption, the right to open his place of business on Sunday, but the law has closed those business houses with which he must needs do business, and which were open on the day before for those who observed Sun-day. He does not have equal protection in procuring labor or in seeking employ- ment. It makes very little difference in the results whether the man is shut away from his business, or the business is shut away from the man. The exemption may save him from suffering the personal penalty as prescribed in the law, and yet the law works a hardship on him, and makes it cost him more to observe the day he chooses to keep than it costs those who choose to observe Sunday. This injustice and lack of " equal pro-tection " is a sure outcome of Sunday laws, whether they are called religious laws or are known by some other name. The Individual and the Government BY L. A. SMITH THE theory of government which prevails in the United States is that the government exists for the benefit of the individual. To preserve certain " inalien-able rights " which the individual has as a gift from his Creator, governments are instituted among men, " deriving their just powers from the consent of the gov-erned." So it was declared by the found-ers of this nation in the justification put before the world for the act of separation from Great Britain. This theory of government, however, though set forth by the first American statesmen as a self-evident truth, is per-sistently discredited in this country to-day, being ignored in some quarters and explicitly denied in others. Strong influ-ences are at work to establish in its place the theory that the individual exists for the benefit of the state, under which theory the state is invested with rights which are asserted to be altogether su-perior to those of the individual. If the rights of the American people are to be maintained, it must be by a rec-ognition of the theory of government un-der which they were asserted at the beginning. This theory of government is Chris-tian in character, being based upon an appeal to Heaven. Without the recogni- tion of God contained in the Declaration of Independence, there would be no force in its assertion of the doctrine of unalien-able rights. Individual rights are un-alienable, and therefore not subject to the will of the state, because they are given to the individual by his Creator. God is greater than all, and his acts, his pur-poses, no government can have authority to set aside. The inspired Volume tells us that God began this world by creating two individ-uals. He did not create a state, or gov-ernment, and then make individuals to fit it ; he first created man, and as the human family grew in numbers, govern-ments were instituted to conserve the interests of the individual members of that family. In God's order, the individual came first ; the state came as a secondary in-stitution, originating as a servant of man and not as his master. God deals with the human family as individuals. By the sin of one man, trouble came upon the whole world ; like-wise by the righteousness of one man, redemption came to all mankind. Men will be rewarded and punished at the final day, not by nations, not by tribes, not by families, but as individuals. God (Concluded on page go) 