PETER I, KING OF SERVIA The Łtroops of this monarch and of King Nicholas of Montenegro are accused of compelling Roman Catholic Al-banians to join the Greek Catholic Church at the point cf the bayonet. LIBERTY 59 soon the grand old hymn of Luther, " A mighty fortress is our God," rang through the night as an expression of gratitude to the Hearer and Answerer of prayer.Š The Missionary Review of the World, November, 1912. In the Balkans The spirit of animosity that has long existed between the members of the Greek Catholic Church and the Roman Catholic Church has been manifesting itself in a very bitter way during the war that has been dragging on for a num-ber of months in the Balkans. The events which have there ta-ken place illustrate the truth that religious persecution is not a question of which church is in power, but whether or not any church is in power. The Balkan allies are largely adherents of the Greek Catholic Church, but in Albania there are many Ro-man Catholics. It is reported that the troops of the allies are forcing conversions from the Roman Church to the Greek Church at the point of the bayo-net, and that one Roman priest was beaten to death because of his opposition to that method of church work and his refusal to he " converted." The despatches received at Vienna state that four hundred Albanian Roman Catholics at Djakova, " weeping and wailing, were forced to join the Orthodox (Greek) Church, the soldiers ordering them to choose between orthodoxy and death. At six other villages the residents were similarly converted.' " And this is the manner in which the soldiers of Spain " converted " the Indians of Mexico to the Roman Catholic faith. Any church that permits itself to be " established " by a human government is bound to be a  persecuting church. Only where religion and the state are joined can such shame-ful outrages be perpetrated. In France A recent ruling of the French coun-cil of state makes it plain that Sunday closing of business places is not compul-sory,'provided one day of rest is granted employees each week. Such a provision, while guarding the right of men and women to a day's rest each week, is very unsatisfactory to American advocates of Sunday laws. This proves that their in-terest is more in enforcing a religious ordinance than in protecting the indi- vidual. C. M. S. 