77 LIBERTY Religious Conditions in Austria J. WOLFGARTEN IT is not more than fifty years since the Austrian Protestants obtained full rights and privileges, the same being granted on the eighth of April, 1861. The emperor assured his evangelical sub-jects complete freedom in their confes-sion, whereby a new era dawned for them in Austria. The bonds which had oppressed them during the centuries of short-sighted intolerance and religious fanaticism, were now lifted. Protestants ceased to be merely second-class in their religious position in the eyes of mankind. The stubborn spirit, which succeeded the persecuting time of the Reformation oppositions, was not overcome until Joseph II, the son of the great empress Maria Theresa, took his stand at the helm of state. His edict of toleration of 1781 was the first document of free-dom ever issued to the Protestants. He pronounced the conviction " that any vio-lence offered to conscience is detrimental, and that religion and state can only suc-ceed by a true Christian tolerance in faith." Churches were allowed to be built in places where there were more than one hundred anticatholic families, although neither steeples nor bells were permitted, and the churches should not have direct entrance from the street. The noted year of 1848, which, in spite of its revolutionary character, brought a flood of freedom to Europe, made our land happy with the precious blessing of liberty in faith and conscience. The ca-lamitous time of the concordats suffo- cated the young plant of liberty until at last in 1861, after difficult struggles, the righteous cause gained the victory. In commemoration, a medal was struck in April of this year, with the image of the emperor on one side and a superscription of a woman with a cup and a Bible on the other. Many difficulties are put in the way of denominations' teaching Protestant doc-trines, however. Any one is liable to be condemned to as much as three months in jail if he makes propaganda for a for-bidden denomination. . Liberty of faith and conscience is accordingly not ex-tended to every citizen. Recently the demand for a separation of church and state has become more pressing. Canvassing is forbidden here. Catholic marriages can not be disan-nulled. And yet the day will come when Rome will be for a time without influence, so that the last work on earth (Rev. 14:6-14) may be quickly completed. Finland and Religious Freedom L. MUDERSPACH SOON after the Reformation gained headway in Germany and began to exert an influence among adjacent people, it entered the northern country. The new light was kindled in Finland (which was then a part of Sweden) at about the same time that it began to shine in Scan-dinavia. Simultaneously with the rise of the Reformation there began to come in a better understanding of the rights of men in religious things ; and although the re- ligious liberty idea has never come to any degree of perfection in Finland, still it has been acknowledged, and the laws of this country show in some degree the impress of the principles of freedom of conscience. In Finland all have full liberty to be-lieve what may seem to them the truth, and to preach that which they believe. Like most other countries, we have a Sunday law, but it is not enforced to any considerable degree. Some manufac- 