96 LIBERTY stantine, began to think he had made a mis-take in adopting Christianity as a means of peace, and grew strangely cold and politic in his later years."Š" The History of Chris-tianity," Andrew Stephenson, Vol. I, p. 257. The trouble is not with Christianity, but with men. The religion of Christ is not a plan for the salvation of civil so-ciety, nor of human governments, nor of humanity in the mass, but of individuals. The new birth is an individual experi-ence. And just as truly as " there is no royal road to learning," so there is no political road to regeneration. " Not by might nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." B. Religious Liberty THE term " religious liberty " has a political and historic sense, and should not be confounded with " soul liberty," or " Christian liberty." Religious liberty means freedom from re-straint or compulsion in all matters per-taining to religious faith, teaching, and practice. It belongs alike to believer and unbeliever, and should be guaranteed to all men of all creeds and of no creed. But this liberty is too often denied and in-fringed. On the other hand," Christian liberty " is, properly speaking, the liberty with which Christ makes his people free. This liberty is like the emotions of the soul, the processes of the mind, beyond the power of human government to destroy or even to invade. It is freedom from the domination of sin,Š the bondage im-posed by the carnal mind, the hard ser-vice with which Satan makes his sub-jects serve. Such liberty is not only the right, but is the actual possession of every child of God, whether in the en-joyment of religious liberty in the poli-tical sense or not. It should not be con-founded with religious liberty which may be either granted or denied by civil government. B. The Latest Federal Sunday Closing Bill (Continued from page 77) a man may do work on Monday and be approved for it, but if the same man does similar work on Sunday, he will be liable to arrest and imprisonment. It seems that any one could see the inconsistency of such a measure. Once more, let it be said, such a thing would be punishing an honest, industrious man for doing honest work on Sunday, not because any-thing is wrong about the work done, but because of the day on which the work is done. Any man has a right to rest on Sunday or Saturday, or any other day he may see fit. No one can deprive him of that right. On the other hand, any man has a right to do honest work at any time, and no one should be allowed to deprive him of the right. One may ask, Is Sunday not the Christian Sabbath While this is not admitted, to the man who so regards it all respect should be given. Such a man is entitled to the rights due one who con-scientiously regards Sunday as holy. Such a man, however, has no right to impose his religious views upon others who disagree with him, nor, to be entirely logical, upon those even who hold the same views as himself. Back of all this there is a great reason why no such law should be enacted : it is opposed to true Americanism. The true philosophy of Americanism is that the government should have nothing to do with the control of religious belief or religious institutions. Religious belief and institutions are outside the purview of human governments. The advocates of religion need no support of the civil government. There is enough life and virility in the Christian religion to pro-tect it against all its foes. " Render therefore unto Cfesar the things which are Ctsar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." W. F. M. 