For Religious Liberty Workers Religious Liberty Leaflets A SERIES of tersely written tracts, en-velope size, covering the most important phases of the religious liberty question. I Principles Too Little Understood  2 Sunday Laws  3 Logic of Sabbath Legislation  /2 4 The Civil Sabbath  ;et 5 Civil Government and the Church  Y,t 6 Religious LibertyŠWhat Eminent Au- thorities Say  7 The Church's Greatest Need To-Day  04 8 Church Federation  94 9 Limits of Civil Authority  to A Vital Question Š Is the Sabbath a Civil Institution?  Y2 it What Are Works of Charity and Ne- cessity?  54 za "Backward States"  13 Alexander Campbell on Moral Societies 14 William Lloyd Garrison on Sunday Laws y; is Sunday Mail Reports  34 Complete Set, post-paid, 9 cents Religious Liberty Post- Cards CARTOONS have had a large place in molding public sentiment. The cartoons which have appeared in Liberty have been prepared with the idea of impress-ing the mind with the principles at stake in this great question of religious liberty. The Religious Liberty Post-cards are facsimiles of some of the best of these cartoons, and have been heartily wel-comed by all lovers of religious liberty as a means of spreading the principles of this important subject. There are ten different cards in the complete set, printed in assorted colors. Single set, post-paid $ Five or more, each  .06 Review and Herald Publishing Association New York City WASHINGTON, D. C. South Bend, Ind. THE STRUGGLE FOR RELIGIOUS LIBERTY IN VIRGINIA A Documentary Volume of Great Value Religious liberty is treated in this book as defined to be " the natural right of every soul to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience. It does not make it a matter of indifference what a man believes or how he acts, but it places all on the same footing before God, the only Lord of the conscience, and makes us responsible to him alone for our faith and practise." This kind of relig-ious liberty is what our forefathers fought to preserve, yet their followers of the present generation, through lack of knowl-edge, are fast losing a proper conception of its sacredness. This book traces the struggle for relig-ious liberty through three periods: Before the Revolution ; During the Revolution ; After the Revolution. It cites the impor-tant part taken in this great movement by the leading characters of the times. It is a thrilling work of a practical na-ture. 227 pages, plain cloth binding, $1.25, post-paid. REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. Washington, D. C. FRIEND IN THE KITCHEN By Mrs. An-ea L. Colcord A Practical Vegetarian Cook- Book for Busy Housekeepers Simply written for every-day service. No impractical measures like pounds, etc., are given, but each ingredient is measured by the cup or teaspoon. The combinations recommended are not expensive or indigestible, as many of those found in ordinary cook-books, but they are practical recipes for every-day use. Fruit canning forms one of the departments, and the instructions in this department alone are worth many times the price of the book. Price, Waterproof Paper, 25 Cents; Cloth, 53 Cents Order of the Publishers Review and Herald Pub. Assn. Washington, D. C. 