12 LIBERTY rights of conscience consistent with the necessary uniformity. . . . In England, when people meet, they turn to the left; but in France they turn to the right. If in England you should turn to the right, or in France you should turn to the left, you might get killed or kill somebody. So the only possible way for you to do is to go to the right when the law ordains it, or to the left when the law ordains that you go to the left. The state must have its opinion and its law, and the church and family must have their opinion and their law, and somehow they must come to an agreement. Note the unavoidable conclusion of this teaching: " Uniformity is necessary," " even in the matter of men's con-sciences." It is of greater importance than " individual rights of conscience." The dearest right of a human being is his right to believe what he honestly believes is the truth, and to do what he honestly believes God requires him to do. But that, the most sacred right of the human soul, the right whose exercise is most vital to the formation of a good and true char-acter, must be sacrificed to the " neces-sary uniformity," if the National Reform program is to be carried out. Whichever way the law ordains for you to go, that way you must go, without any regard to the dictates of your conscience. Whether the law commands you to go in the right direction or in the wrong, you are to obey without question or protest; and that puts human law everywhere above any divine obligation. Admit the premise, and you admit the right of the state to compel you to do anything that God for-bids. The agreement which Dr. Scovel says must come about between the state and the individual in this matter is such as exists between the lion and the lamb when they have lain down together Š the one inside the other. But what matters that? Uniformity has been achieved. But against that kind of uniformity John Knox in his day protested with a price  on his head; and against that kind of uni-formity this journal, in this day, lifts its voice in protest, in spite of threats of exile on the part of the National Reform Association when its forces are suffi-ciently augmented to enable it to carry out its designs. Years ago the National Reform Asso-ciation, through one of its officials, de-clared that those who were not in favor of its principles should go to " some wild, desolate land, and there in the name of the devil, and for the sake of the devil, subdue it, and set up a government of their own, . . . and then, if they could stand it, stay there till they die." At the recent convention at Winona Lake, Ind., the same purpose was reiterated by one of the organization's most prominent speakers. While discussing with the writer the question of the rights of the individual in matters of conscience, the speaker referred to, Rev. William Par-sons, said: Š The only possible way I see out of the difficulty is for you good people to find some spot on the face of this earth where you can carry out your ideas, and then go there and stay there. In taking this attitude, the National Reform Association sets up for itself the right to say to all the people of this world where they shall go and where they may stay, and to demand of them all a valid reason for being where they are or for being at all. It has always been the most distinguishing characteristic of a church-and-state government that it considered itself the custodian and dispenser of all the rights of humanity. Men exist by its suffrance, breathe by its permission, and perish by its anathema. " If they do these things in the green tree, what shall be done in the dry ? " If they make so bold threats against the rights of the people now, what may the people not ex-pect when the association and its allies 