32 LIBERTY 43D CONGRESS, 1st Se88ion. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. REPORT No. 143. ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF GOD AND THE CHRISTIAN RE-LIGION IN THE CONSTITUTION. FEBRUARY .18, 1874.ŠOrdered to be printed. Mr. BENJAMIN F. BUTLER, from the Committee on the Judiciary, sub-mitted the following REPORT : The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred ',the petition of E. G. Goulet and others, asking Congress for "an acknowledgment of Almighty God and the Christian religion" in the Constitution of the United States, having considered the matter referred to them, respectfully pray leave to report : That, upon examination even of the meager 'debates by the fathers of the Republic in the convention which framed the Constitution, they find that the subject of this memorial was most fully and carefully considŁ ered, and then, in that convention, decided, after grave deliberation, to which the subject was entitled, that, as this country, the foundation of whose government they were then laying, was to be the home of the oppressed of all nations of the earth, whether Christian or Pagan, and in full realization of the dangers which the union between church and state had imposed upon so many nations of the Old World, with -great unanimity that it was inexpedient to put anything into the Constitution or frame of government which might be construed to be a reference to any religious creed or doctrine. And they further find that this decision was accepted by our Christian fathers with such great unanimity that in the amendments which were afterward proposed, in order to make the Constitution more acceptable to the nation, none has ever been proposed to the States by which this wise determination of the fathers has been attempted to be changed. Wherefore, your committee report that it is inexpedient to legislate upon the subject of the above memorial, and ask that they be dis-charged from the further consideration thereof, and that this report, together with the petition, be laid upon the table. A FACSIMILE OF THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE'S REPORT realization of the dangers which the union between church and state had im-posed upon so many nations of the Old World, with great unanimity that it was inexpedient to put anything into the Constitution or frame of government  which might be construed to be a ref-erence to any religious creed or doc-trine." In that convention the article now numbered VI was amended, after much discussion, by adding the words " or 