10 LIBERTY must certainly have known something about the evil reputation of their city at the time, but apparently in their minds Sunday ob-servance and Sunday desecration had come to represent almost the whole distinction between righteousness and its opposite. They had acquired a view of Christianity in which Sunday enforcement covered and atoned for a multitude of sins ; so that, no matter what or how many forms of iniquity it might contain, a city was Christian if it was only zealous in the enforcement of " the Sabbath." That is the kind of " Chris-tianity " which was approved by these emi-nent advocates of good government by Sun-day legislation. The question is, Is it the kind that is wanted in this country? This incident lets in a flood of light re-garding the nature and worth of the ideal of government toward which these men are striving, and which they wish to set up in this country in the place of the existing republic. Supposing they should obtain all that they desire,Š supposing there should be set up here a government which would enforce strict Sunday observance upon all the people, and would altogether so meet the minds of the advocates of such legis-lation that they would say of it, as did some of them of Philadelphia, that it was " the most Christian " government in the world,Šwhat assurance would there be that it would not at the same time be as corrupt as was Philadelphia at the time of this in-cident? And would that be the kind of " Christian " government which the people desire, or the nation needs? There must be something radically wrong with that which will so blind intelligent people to obvious facts and conditions that they will seriously believe and assert that a city notoriously corrupt is " the most Christian city " in the land. The thing which produced this strange aberration of vision in this religious delegation which waited on Mayor Weaver Š the only thing which could account for itŠwas their zeal for an enforced observance of Sunday. That was the thing which distinguished them from other people, who saw condi-tions in their true light. And this incident, striking as it is, does not by any means  stand alone in proving the truth that a zeal to compel people to do the will of God, or his supposed will, in Sabbath observance or any religious matter, is an influence which darkens the minds and perverts the perceptions of those who come under its sway. History is full of illustrations on this point. We do not want that influence to be exerted in shaping legislation and molding the institutions of government in this country. As a conserver of good government, or even as a thing compatible with good gov-ernment, Sunday legislation has been weighed in the balances, and found wanting. A Rejoinder IN an article with the title " A New Opponent in the Field," The Christian Statesman in the issue for May pays its respects to LIBERTY. It accounts for the zeal of this new magazine " by the fact that it is the mouthpiece of the Seventh-day Adventists, and is published by the Review and Herald Association." We are gratified to know that we have been able to establish so good a reputation for zeal, and hope that we may be able to maintain it. In order to give a clear understanding of the States-man's estimate of our position and work, we will quote a few statements from this article : Š True to the character of its predecessors and of the auspices under which it [LIB-ERTY] is founded, it shows its utter miscon-ception of the National Reform movement. . . . The Federation of Churches shares with the National Reform Association the apprehension and dislike expressed in these pages. . . LIBERTY is as unable to understand and appreciate the American republic itself and the ideas of its founders and upholders as it is to understand the spirit and the prin-ciples of the Federation of Churches or the National Reform Association. We have no desire for personal contro-versy with the individuals who compose the National Reform Association and champion its cause, and we do not intend either to misrepresent their movement or to impugn their motives. Speaking in a general way, 