LIBERTY 43 upon Sunday, a .f..--1,- religious day? , ---..",,, trolled state. Sunday has -, Let the hard- reached its pres- .-.,,--,:-. ships of the con- -,---; -to'i..,‚...._ ent place as a scientious H u - day of rest and _.: ------, guenots, of the worship through dtes early New Eng- the decrees of-,..-- land Quakers, church councils, persecuted f o r the enactments M %I their faith, and of an ancient of the faithful church-con- colonial Bap- trolled power, tists, banished the influence of for conscience' tradition, andsake, testify clo- theŠ  custom of quently that the religious people. pathway of a It cannot be di- united church vorced from re- and state is a ligion, and all , thorny one. _.---: claims that Sun- Already per- day laws are ,,—,e___ ._......-- secution has civil statutes,  been started un- devoid of any A church or combination of churches that seeks a civil en- der Sunday laws element Of re- actment for the enforcement of any religious dogma, institu- now existing in tion, or usage, departs thereby from the Lord Christ, denies ligion, are with- the power of the divine Spirit, leans upon the arm of flesh, various States. and haltingly walks by the aid of the crutch of human law. out foundation. These measures, of worship, and who refuse to sacrifice value to the church is the name of the principle. If the state has no right to unconverted sinner upon its books? Is say what god its citizens shall worship, it not better that such individuals show what right has it to say how or when their true colors, instead of camouflaging they shall worship? And can the state, under the false garb of the churchman? then, have any  Let the expe- right to say that ,.--- rience.of Russia --Ł:-s- a man must rest ,.. ,...k,  . ------ , ---%-._.t  s, os° f. ---,..--..--- - tell the dangers .es., of a church-con- -----'------..,....,..........,,,_.-----,...—...:::- Sunday laws, being religious, are a step in uniting church and state. Americans, having established a democracy upon the principle that the stability of both the church and the government will be best preserved by acting independently, can ill afford to seek state support for reli-gious dogmas. The church which seeks such laws thereby acknowledges a repre-hensible loss of spiritual power. She can never recover her spirituality by state aid. Policemen's clubs may cow church-hating citizens, but they never will con-vert their hearts. Conversion is an in-ward work, which must be accomplished within the man by the Creator, with the consent of the individual. Of what real  the opening wedge of religious despotism, ought to be wiped off the statute books. Those lawmakers who stand stanchly op-posed to any such religious measures should know that they have the unquali-fied support of a large number of liberal-minded citizens, for when they under-stand what is involved, the majority of Americans refuse to favor Sunday laws. Let the churches do their work in their own sphere, increasing their efforts as much as possible to bring men and women to Christ, but let them not ask state aid in the enforcement of religious dogmas. Let our lawmakers refuse to be cajoled or coerced into the enactment of any measure of religious legislation. 