28 LIBERTY in its various phases, must enforce the laws, it must have some standard of rec-ognition. Suppose it should undertake to enforce all the so-called Christian laws recognized by all the so-called Christians, would there not be a considerable clash-ing? There surely would, and the state would have to decide which " Christian laws " should be recognized. And the party having the strongest political influ-ence would be sure to win. When the emperor and senate of Rome decided to make Rome a " Chris-tian nation," they put " Christian laws " on " an undeniably legal basis." But there were factions in the professed Christian church, and it was but a few years until the government was obliged to decide which it would recognize as the church ; and the decision was made in favor of the Catholics. In Great Britain the same principle prevailed. At one time the Catholics were the stronger element, and the Cath-olic " Christian laws " were placed on " an undeniably legal basis." Then the government was overturned, and the Covenanter " Christian laws " were given " an undeniably legal basis." Again the tables were turned, and the Catholic " Christian laws " were placed in the as-cendant. And under either power the " legal basis " of the church's laws was emphatically undeniable. Eventually the Church of England was established, and her " Christian laws " obtained the " legal basis." And to-day the non-con-formists are feeling the pressure of being taxed to support the schools of the state church, wherein are taught the " Chris-tian laws " that are antagonistic to the religion of those who are thus compelled to support them. But these " Christian laws " are on " an undeniably legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." The men who are building the church-and-state structure in the United States imagine that they are wise enough to  steer clear of the errors and corruption and persecution that attended the former efforts. But they are doomed to disap-pointment ; for the " sure word of proph-ecy " says that it will be an " image " of the Roman power. It was Rome that first placed Sunday observance on " an undeniably legal basis " in the law of the land; and it was the Roman Church that first anathematized those of her mem-bers who insisted on loyalty to the Sab-bath of the Lord. And in imitation of this, we now have the proposition of a Kansas preacher, an advocate of state religion, to coerce the same class of peo-ple. He is authoritatively quoted as say-ing: " If we [ Sunday observers] would say we will not sell anything to them, we will not buy anything from them, we will not work for them, nor hire them to work for us, the thing could be wiped out, and all the world would keep the Christian sabbath." Thus we have the proposition to do just what the prophecy says will be done when the " image of the beast " is fully established. See Rev. 13: 11-17, and then turn to chapter 14: 9-I1, and there read the doom of those who yield to this coercing power. It is time to " think on these things," for the prophecy is fast fulfilling in this country. C. M. S. THE whole freedom of man consists either in spiritual or in civil liberty. As for spiritual, who can be at rest, who can enjoy anything in this world with contentment, who hath not liberty to serve God, and to save his own soul, according to the best light which God hath planted in him to that purpose, by the reading of his revealed will and the guidance of his Holy Spirit? . . . The other part of our freedom consists in the civil rights and advancements of every person according to his merit : the en-joyment of those never more certain, and the access to these never more open, than in a free commonwealth.Š Milton. 