John's Vision of a Better Day LIBERTY 69 the soil to the seeds of righteousness. A civil law can never add force to a divine law without subordinating the divine to the human. If the church cannot in-spire faith and confidence by making a direct appeal to the binding obligations of the divine law upon the authority of God's word alone, she will have far less influence with the people if she de-scends into the political arena, asking the state to render aid and give legal sanction to religious obligations under duress of civil law. Many churches today are forsaking the preaching of the word, the fountain of living waters, and are hewing out for themselves cisterns, even broken cisterns which can hold no water. Is it any won-der that the moving picture show draws a much larger crowd than the church does ? What this poor sinning world longs for is the comforting message of hope from the Man of Galilee. The only remedy for the ills of this world is found in the teachings of Jesus of Nazareth. The consummation of his promises at the time of his second coming to this world is our only hope of deliverance from the universal cataclysm which is to involve a doomed world. The coming of Jesus and his own divine intervention in hu-man affairs, is the only star that shines through the thick clouds of trouble and illuminates the dark firmament. Man Š a Broken Staff There is no man good or wise or great enough to speak peace to this perplexed and distressed world. If there is one, bring him forth, and let him show his great wisdom and power, for the world is in need of such a man just now. The world needs a deliverer and needs him greatly. The submarines have torpedoed our ship, and our lifeboats are sinking rapidly. Everything earthly in which we have trusted is failing us. Our foes are sending their broadside shots into our helpless canoes. Human love and sympathy have turned into hate and robbery. We are stranded, drifting, sink-ing, on a cold, angry, stormy ocean. Our enemies are taunting us by holding out to us the icy end of the plank and life-belts filled with sand and sawdust. In our bitterness of anguish they offer us the still more bitter sponge filled with vinegar and gall. Unless the divine Fa-ther specially intervenes in behalf of his oppressed and afflicted children, the world will soon fill its cup of trans-gression to the full. When all things earthly fail us, we must remember that God still lives and reigns, and that he will not fail his peo-ple who put their trust in him. Though Babylon the Great, which is drunk " with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus," may and will ascend the throne and sit and reign as a queen, " gloriously " and " de-liciously," yet will " her plagues come in one day, death, and mourning, and fam-ine ; and she shall be utterly burned with fire :for strong is the Lord God who judg-eth her. And the kings of the earth, who have committed fornication and lived deliciously with her, shall bewail her, and lament for her, when they shall see the smoke of her burning, standing afar off for the fear of her torment, saying, Alas, alas that great city Babylon, that mighty city ! for in one hour is thy judg-ment come." Rev. 18 : 8-10. 