44 LIBERTY right. Either the State which enacts the law had a right to prohibit the licensed thing, or it has no right to accept the license fee. If the licensed man had a right to pursue his licensed vocation be-fore he paid his license fee, then the exaction of that fee by the State was a license fraud. He either had that right, or the State had right to prohibit it, and later, if at all, to confer it for the price he paid. But had the State any right to confer that right, on his payment of a price? I tell you Nay! "There is no inherent right in a citizen to sell intoxicating liq-uors by retail," says the Supreme Court of the United States; and in close con-nection it declares : Š " No legislature can bargain away the public health or public morals." If there is no inherent right in the cit-izen to sell, it must be there is inherent wrong in the sale. If there is inherent wrong in the sale, what right have town boards, or boards of excise, or legisla-tures, or even the people themselves, to say that sales may be made ? What right has any man to propose a policy of sale? What right has one part of a people, otherwise a party, to stand for such a policy, to proclaim it, to support it, to perpetuate it ? . . . " Ah, but," comes the rejoinder, " the license policy, in its proper form, is but a tax policy. License means tax, prop-erly interpreted. And you surely will not go so far as to deny the State's right to tax the liquor business? " Yea, verily, our denial even goes that far, and with good reason. What is taxation? De Laveleye, the greatest French economist, has de-clared : Š " It is the price paid by the citizens for the blessings of social order." In the language of Montesquieu : Š " The revenue of the state is a portion of his wealth sacrificed by each citizen in order to gain security for the rest, or the means of enjoying it more agree-ably." De Liveleye further says : Š " When in exchange for the tax a gov-ernment gives neither security nor com-fort, the tax is mere robbery." Does it not follow that when the se-curity is incomplete, and the comfort in-adequate, the tax is robbery to a certain extent? Do not partial comfort and se-curity prove partial robbery? If I, a citizen, pay for security not afforded me, has not my money been taken upon a false pretense? Has government any right to take my tax, my payment for se-curity and comfort, and then accept a payment, a tribute, a tax from any other man, for any other business that dis-counts the comfort and security for which I pay ?ŠAlphonso A. Hopkins, Ph. D., in " Profit and Loss in Man," pages 218-221. Books THE books reviewed in this column are books which we believe ought to be in the library of every student of religious liberty. The books noticed in our last issue were the following: Š Religious Liberty, by Henry Melville King. Preston & Rounds, Providence, R. I.; price, $r. Rhode Island: Its Making and Its Mean-ing, by I. B. Richman. Putnam's Sons, New York and London.; price, $3. The Rise of Religious Liberty in America, by Sanford H. Cobb. The Macmillan Co., New York; price, $4. Church and State, by A. T. Innes. T. & T. Clark, Edinburgh, Scotland ; price, $1. Facing the Twentieth Century, by James M. King. Methodist Book Concern, New York City; price, 96 cents. New Books Received for Review Since Our Last Issue Foxe's Book of Martyrs: An Edition for the People, prepared by W. Grinton Berry, M. A. Eaton & Mains, New York; price, 75 cents net. It is a real service that editor and publisher have accomplished in bringing out a new edition of " Foxe's Book of Martyrs," leaving out many details that render the un-abridged work too bulky for ready reading, and giving us in bright, readable form, the story of those wrothies of old who refused to deny their Lord or change their religion at the command of men. It is the story of the age-long protest against a religion of civil force, and of the triumph of those who over- 