112  LIBERTY ameadment wish for such an un-American con-dition f Would it be in harmony with Ameri-tanism to teach religion in out public schools? Let an up-to-date answer be given to these queries by Dr. Claxton. In an address before the National Reform Convention in Pittsburgh last November, Dr. Claxton said, among other most excellent things on the subject of religion and the public schools: " The object of our public schools is to make good citizens for the state. . . . In this country we have)  and I hope we shall continue to have, separation of church and state. It is not the prerogative of the public schools to impart religious teachings under our system of government. I take it for granted that no one here would want what some other countries of the past ages had. . . . We do not teach reli-gion in our public schools, because it is at variance with the fundamental principles of our government Ñ the separation of church and state. . . . If religion is not taught in com-munities, whose fault is it? . . . It is the business of the churches to teach religion. . . . If there is a lack of religious teaching in the communities, somebody ought to begin to hold religious institutes in the churches.' " Of course, we assume that all church schools are teaching the children geography, physiology, grammar, agriculture, domestic science, and his-tory, as well as arithmetic, reading, spelling, and writing. But should the amendment pass and become part of the constitution, the church and parochial schools would be closed, and, to our notion, the State would be deprived of the wholesome assistance, if anything, theretofore rendered. Do the promoters of the amendment realize that the public school system in that event would be sectarianized in course of time? Do they not know that sooner or later the public taxes would be seized upon to make our public schools religious and sectarian? If they do not, then, in our judgment, they are without discernment in matters of obvious meaning. " From the Economical Viewpoint " The public is doubtless in possession of the fact that there are not enough school buildings at present, nor sufficient teachers to take proper care of the children of primary school age. Every day there is some mention in the press of the unprepared state of our educational de-partment of the Government to meet the re-quirements. Dr. Claxton recently reported that some 18,000 schools were closed for lack of teachers. Now, if all the church and parochial schools are closed, tens of thousands of addi-tional children will be thrown upon the public authorities to reckon with. " At Variance with the Michigan Constitution " Not only is the proposed amendment un-American from the larger political standpoint,  and absolutely unnecessary, but it is at variance with our own constitution, Article XI, Section I, of which reads as follows: " ' Religion, morality, and knowledge being necessary to good government and the happiness of mankind, schools and the means of education shall forever be encouraged.' " Shall the citizens of Michigan vote them-selves an unending and unnecessary amount of trouble and problem? Shall we keep hands off the lawfully conducted sectarian schools? or shall we open the door to the sectarianizing of our secular public schools? Which alternative will the better conserve the true principles of Americanism? In our judgment, and we believe in the judgment.of all patriotic voters of the State of Michigan, the proposed amendment to the constitution prohibiting church or religious schools should be rejected." !V Righteousness by Legislation.  W. F. MARTIN VERY apt note appeared in a recent issue of the Christian States- man, the official organ of the Na-tional Reform Association. Here it is: " Making peace by joint resolution of the two Houses of Congress is almost as funny as the reform work of a reform board of aldermen in a Western city. They adopted this resolution: ' Resolved, that the red-light district be abol-ished.' Then they went home, washed their hands, and said: We've done our part.' " This is all true, very true indeed. We wonder why it is, however, that whoever wrote this cannot see that the same logic will apply to trying to bring in right-eousness by law. A good deal was said in past years about a statement made by Justice Brewer to the effect that the United Sta.tes Government is a Christian nation. Our friends who have been try-ing so hard to inaugurate civic righteous-ness, caught up this bit of dictum, and seemed to think the matter settled..  " Why not ? " said they. The Supreme Court, the highest tribunal of the land, has given its " decision." Because of this, no one, they argued, should dispute the fact. " This must be a Christian nation," they said. This reminds us of a story that is told, and possibly it is true, that iviien men 