40 LIBERTY with its terrible toll of destruction, is justified in the Catholic mind, if as a result " the Vicar of Jesus Christ " should be restored again to " his own rightful place." Indeed, the whole Cath-olic press takes advantage of every op-portunity to bring the Pope prominently into world politics, in the hope that his temporal power may be restored as for-merly. The question is, Do the rulers of the world want the old order of things re-stored, and themselves subjected to an all-powerful religious hierarchy in civil matters? If they do, they will find a willing mediator in the Pope; but just as surely as they do, they will feel the iron heel of the Vatican on their necks, as did some of their predecessors during the Middle Ages. c. s. L. Should Sunday Be a Holy Day or a Holiday ? BY JUDGE CYRUS SIMMONS, OF THE KNOXVILLE, TENN., BAR THE case of Krieger et al. v. State recently decided by the Criminal Court of Appeals of Oklahoma ( i6o Pacific Re-porter, 36), deserves more than a pass-ing notice for its new and important precedent. The court modernized the antiquated expression " servile labor," thereby allowing seventh-day observers to work or sell merchandise on Sunday. " But it is facetiously argued by some courts that to say to these people they shall keep our Sunday, does not prevent them from also keeping the day they regard as holy time. But these courts overlook the fact that under the divine commandment these people are striving to obey, it is just as imperative that they work six days as it is that they rest on the seventh. And if their conscience compels them to rest one day, and the law forces them also to rest another, they would thus be forced to violate the first provision of the command-ment they are attempting conscientiously to keep." This decision runs counter to the opin-ion of most other appellate courts in con-struing the Sunday statutes. By strict construction of Sunday laws in a num-ber of States, good, exemplary, religious, and otherwise law-abiding citizens have been held up to public odium by being fined, imprisoned, and forced to work in the chain gang. In Tennessee, R. M. King, a Seventh-day Adventist, and a man of irreproach-able character, was arrested for work- Ł This article is from the February number of the West Publishing Co.'s Docket, St. Paul, Minn. ing on Sunday and fined seventy-five dol-lars and costs. The State Supreme Court affirmed the judgment of the trial court. On habeas corpus the case was taken be-fore the federal court. (46 Federal Re-porter, 905.) Notwithstanding Judge Hammond ad-mitted that the State court erred in de-claring the common law, the prisoner was remanded. An appeal was then taken, but before his case could be heard by the United States Supreme Court, King died. It is urged against Sunday laws that they are religious legislation. Nearly all of them follow more or less closely the statute of 29 Charles II, which is a product of the seventeenth century, an offspring of the union of church and state. The attempt to reconcile Sunday stat-utes with the national and State supreme laws, which declare in no uncertain words for religious freedom, is no doubt responsible for the contradictory opinions that have been rendered in defense of Sunday legislation. Police power Š a rod of discipline for the commonwealth Š is generally in-voked. But this rod cannot be rightfully visited upon the citizen for the violation of a law that is tinctured with religion, because police power is helpless to make constitutional an unconstitutional law, or to dereligionize a church dogma enacted into law. 