56 LIBERTY emphasis on the spiritual. Philip preached Christ unto the eunuch as they journeyed. Peter, in his great sermon on the day of. Pentecost, placed the empha-sis upon the spiritual, and reached the climax in his declaration, " There is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved." Paul always emphasized the spiritual. The apostles recognized the value and place of the social, and competent men were appointed to take care of it, but they gave themselves wholly to the min-istry of the word and to prayer, thus em-phasizing the spiritual function. Whenever the church has maintained this same emphasis, she has prospered. Whenever she has shifted the emphasis upon the social side, she has become weak. The church in all her work should place the emphasis to-day upon the dec-laration that Christ came into the world to save sinners. Social life is dependent upon spiritual life. Man must be right with God before he can be right with man. The social life of men can not be improved until their spiritual life is made right. The preeminence should be given to Christ. . . . It [the gospel] is able to meet all needs and conditions to-day. Man, especially modern man, sometimes thinks he can change the social side of life, and he thinks, and plans, and works earnestly and determinedly. But his thoughts are vanity, and his labors are vain. The church has the twofold purpose Š spiritual and social. The emphasis must be placed upon the spiritual; and when sinners are saved and believers are quickened, then new social life will fol-low. Of interest also is a view of the pro-gram proposed by the Federal Council of the Churches, taken by Rev. R. M. Hall, of Galveston, Tex., a Presbyterian pastor, who was a delegate to the recent meeting of the council. An examination of the program of the meeting aroused a  fear in the mind of Dr. Hall " that the council was treating symptoms instead of the diseases themselves." His fears were confirmed later, and he wrote: " Painting the pump will never cleanse the infected water in the well. Paint-ing pumps was a large part of the performance. Social service problems took up a large portion of the time and thought of the council." In his re-port of the meeting, Dr. Hall goes on to say : Š Every Christian man must be deeply interested in the proper solution of the problems arising in connection with such subjects as " The Worker Versus the Employer ; " " The Industrial Commu-nity; " " The Agricultural, Urban, and Suburban Community; " " Wages; " " Proper Housing; " " The White Plague; " " The Hookworm; " but I submit that we utterly fail to find here a Scriptural program for the church of the Lord Jesus Christ, which church has been instituted and is operating under a very different and, at the same time, a very definite commission. If we really wish to change the effect, we must firs: of all heal the cause. A union of all the churches of Christendom and a universal reformation of all the people under the sun would not result in the eradication of sin from the human heart. Jesus Christ cut vastly deeper than this, and he expects his church to do the same. He was not a reformer, but a regenerator. Sound principles are set forth in both these extracts. The tendency is very strong at the Present time to lose sight of the regenerating power of the gospel, and to depend upon civil law and an im-proved environment as the leading agen-cies for establishing the kingdom of God in the earth. Those who-are working on this basis are doomed to bitter disap-pointment. 