STATE UNIVERSITY, NORMAN, OKLA. LIBERTY 9 " Therefore all things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them: for this is the law and the prophets." Matt. 7: 12. who conscientiously observe the seventh day." ,Judge Armstrong: " That would cover any day, Judge. It would cover anybody who kept any other day in the week, if it covered any-thing at all. It would not cover necessarily the seventh day alone." Mr. Simmons : " Let it apply as Your Honor suggests to any day. Let any day be consci-entiously observed, and, if Your Honor be-lieves it was the legislative intent that a man's religion should be excepted, then, we con-tend, that this law, pertaining to the service of process on Saturday, should be construed together with the exception in Sec. 24o6, which would necessarily include those who keep the seventh day." Judge Armstrong: " It would include them and any one else who keeps another day." Mr. Simmons : " Yes, Your Honor. The object of the Legislature was to give the citizen religious liberty, and we insist that all these sections should be construed together. If the law is not construed in this way, then, we contend, that it is uncon-stitutional. " We hold that the su-preme law of this State gives every citizen his right of conscience. To this constitutional provision all statutory legislation will have to yield. The plaintiffs in error have done no wrong; they have vio-lated no law; they should be acquitted. They have kept the Sabbath of Jehovah according to his sacred precepts. With the liberal con-stitutional guaranty of this great common-wealth, under what pretense could a law be enforced that would make a citizen do vio-lence to his conscience? Purely Religious Legislation " The decisions of the different States have given different reasons for the existence of Sunday laws. Each State has its own pe-culiar Sunday law, and gives its own peculiar construction for the constitutionality of the law. Your Honors will observe that in the briefs submitted by the plaintiffs in error and by the State both cite authorities that can be  read both ways, and in the mechanical con-struction of the briefs both sides have yielded to the temptation of trying to make the ex-pressions of the court speak as loud as we can in those paragraphs that are for us, and in trying to make them speak as softly as we can in those paragraphs that are against us. We make out confession in advance which the reading of the briefs will verify. " We believe the lack of uniformity in the decisions of the courts in upholding the con-stitutionality and unconstitutionality of Sun-day laws is evidenced by the effort of the courts to avoid as well as to expose the re-ligious features of this kind of legislation. While the decisions are contradictory and ir-reconcilable, there are certain propositions of law that are well defined in them, and upon which we may rely with impunity. The de-cisions invariably agree upon them, and we can stand upon them as firmly as upon the rock of Gibraltar. Irrefragable Propositions " The propositions are these: Š " First: As heretofore stated, according to the common law, it is not a crime to labor, or to expose, or to sell merchandise on Sunday. These acts have to be made illegal by statu-tory legislation. " Second: That this country has no state religion ; that there is a separation of church and state, and any law that seeks to make a union of church and state is unconstitutional. " Did not we straitly command you that ye should not teach in this name? . . . Then Peter and the other apostles answered and said, We ought to obey God rather than men." Acts 5:28, 29. 