190 LIBERTY the cause for which Robert E. Lee fought and " Stonewall " Jackson fell ! Then, my friends, in the settlement of this great question of the century, let us call ourselves and our compatriots into a new baptism of sentiment that will nerve our arms to labor and fill our souls with fire and song. Let us remember that each local victory and defeat is but a passing battle in a mighty war,Š a war with ultimate victory as the beckoning star in the sky of our purpose and our dreams. Let us remember that extermi-nation and not regulation is the one solu-tion of this towering question of the century; that the regulation of a den of rattlesnakes would be an easy task com-pared with the regulation or the refor-mation of the treacherous saloon. The ax must be laid at the root of the tree. " On to Washington! " is the cry of the conquering army. The national conscience is already awakening ; the citadel of King Alcohol is already trembling, and the victory is no longer like the distant twinkle of the morning star, but like the radiant glow of the coming morn. This is not an optimistic idealism de-voutly to be wished for, but too unnatu-ral to be attained ; it is not the visionary flight of a baseless poetic fancy ; it is not the rose-tinted coloring of a vain Utopian dream : it is a glorious possi-bility. And it will be a more glorious reality when every woman is true to the " heavenly vision," and every American citizen is a freeman and a king.Š Oration Winning First Prize in National Inter-collegiate Contest, Atlantic City, July 9. ror2, by Frank Wideman. Figures Say Prol-ibition Prohibits LIQUOR dealers are not finding fault with prohibition because it does not pro-hibit. They are organizing and fighting prohibition because it does prohibit. There is nothing in the statement which is often heard that more liquor is con-sumed in dry than in wet territory. No class of men understand the fallacy of  this declaration better than those who are engaged in the liquor business. The year-book of the United States Brewers' Association for 1911 gives a table of statistics showing the number of gallons of intoxicating liquors of all kinds used in each State and Territory of the United States. It is easy to group these States and determine if as much liquor is used per capita in prohibition States as in saloon States. In the pro-hibition States of Alabama, Georgia, Kentucky, Maine, Mississippi, North Carolina, North Dakota, Oklahoma, and Tennessee, the average per capita used in 1910 was I.3.5 gallons. It must be re-membered that at that time Alabama was a prohibition State. Compare this with the gallons per capita used in some of the liquor States. In New York the per capita was 45.35 gallons ; in New Jersey it was 39.87 gal-lons ; in Illinois, 39.13 ; in Pennsylvania, nearly 32 gallons; in Wisconsin, where beer is alleged to make cities famous, the amount per capita was more than 64 gallons. All told, the average in the sa-loon States per capita was 25.23 gallons. Note once more the comparison with pro-hibition States, where it was 1.35 gal-lons per capita. In the face of these figures published in the brewers' year-book, what reason is there in the cry that prohibition does not prohibit ?Š The American Issue, July, 1912. " An Injustice " THE Chemistry Bureau of the Depart-ment of Agriculture recently prosecuted a liquor firm for " misbranding " gin, labeled as " Highly recommended for the kidneys and bladder." The Liquor Dealer calls this effort to protect our citizenship from alcoholic poisons an " injustice " ! An injustice to whom ? Not to society, certainly. It seems that to the liquor mind society has absolutely no rights, and only exists to be exploited by the liquor gang. The gall of these liquor spouters is truly ama-zing.Š American Issue. 