A SCENE IN SOUTH RUSSIA 4 LIBERT Y fit. The new decrees of that government are an amplification and confirmation of the former decree. Under the new laws the various sects, " unless they should indulge in criminal or immoral practises, will re-ceive upon application the sanction of the government. This will confer upon their clergy equal rights with the clergy of the Russian orthodox church. They will be permitted to erect church and school build-ings, carry on evangelistic work, and re-ceive proselytes. An orthodox priest declared that the sects' would have more freedom than the orthodox church, ' as the latter, being the state church, is subject to a mass of state regula-tions.' " This is a striking comment from an author-itative source on the loss of the church's liberty when the state is permit-ted to dictate in religious matters; and it is equally true that the state enthrals itself whenever it permits church control in political and temporal affairs. . France. Š The French nation now has a law making rest one day in seven compul-sory except in certain specified instances. This is not in the strictest sense a Sunday law. No establishment of any kind is per-mitted to work its employees more than six consecutive days. The weekly period of rest must be twenty-four consecutive hours; and it is the intent of the lawmakers that it should be on Sunday where possible, that being the day most convenient for the largest number. At first there was some opposition to the enforcement of this law; but reports indicate that there is a general _ompliance with it. The railroads have sig-nified their intention of giving their em-ployees a weekly day of rest as soon as arrangements can be made. They were not included in that law. The tension between the government and the Catholic hierarchy continues the same. The government declares it will not per-mit a foreign power to dictate French law.  The pope declares that compliance with the French law would be destructive to the church, and that he will not authorize the formation of societies for the holding of Catholic Church property under the French law. Whether the new French cabinet, now being. formed, will assume a different attitude in the matter, can not yet be an-nounced. It is reported that a Catholic or-ganization, independent of the pope's au-thority, is being formed to take over the church property under the law. Spain.Š It is doubtful if Spain will go as far as France has gone in the matter of the separation of church and state, and yet there is a movement of considerable mo-ment now going on in Spain. With the intolerance for which the Roman Church is noted, she has contested every concession made looking toward greater religious lib-erty there. No Protestant denomination has been permitted to erect a place of wor-ship until recently, and that not upon a principal street. Now the king and his government are showing favors to Prot-estantism in a way that was not expected after the iron-bound renunciation that was exacted of Princess Ena before her mar-riage to the young king. The king has issued a decree that Protestants shall have full rights, and that marriages by civil authorities shall be recognized as legal. The Catholic prelates have protested against this with the utmost vehemence, but without effect. The Bishop of Tuy issued a pastoral letter in which he in-structed the priests and people within his 