0 TUESDAY WEDNESDAY THURSDAY FRIDAY SATURDAY LIBERTY 57 Their pleasures consist only in gratifying ani-mal passions, with the result that they injure their health on Sundays instead of strength-ening it. More men are absent from their offices and factories on Mondays than on other week days." The Christian Herald comments on the above as follows : Š " Hard labor conditions are the hope of Japan. With an eight-hour day, Japan would debauch herself into an early grave. The fes-tival and the holiday are the days of vice." This is true, riot only of Japan, but to a large extent also of our own country. More crime Š robbery, rape, debauchery, and murder Š is committed on Sunday than on any other day of the week, and this very largely be-cause vicious and immoral men SUNDAY MONDAY and women are forced into idleness by our Sunday laws. The accompany-ing diagram shows the comparative amount of murders and assassinations for each day of the week in Amer-ica. The police and court records show that Sunday is the most productive day of all the week for a harvest of crime. The country which has the strict-est Sunday laws is highest on the record of crimes of all sorts, and illegitimacy. The Sabbath day is a divine institution, and can be observed acceptably only by real Christians and as a freewill act em-anating from the heart. The Lord made the nighttime for man's physical needs and welfare, and if the state were con-sistent with its pretense of legislating for man's physical need of rest, it would compel him to go to bed at a certain  hour each night and remain there till morning, instead of forcing him to be idle only on Sundays. The whole question of enforced Sun-day rest is a farce, and does not tend to conserve the health and energies of the great majority of the people, too many of whom are without high moral ideals. Christianity flourishes and progresses most when it stands on its own founda- tion without legal props. c. s. L. tV For the Defense of " Good Morals " THE so-called defense of good morals is too often the covert justification of despotism. Frequently those who would safeguard t h e morals of the public have none of their own worth safe-guarding. This paragraph from page 76 of "The French Revolution," by Shailer Math-ews, is apropos of the subject: " The succession of wars in which France became involved during the second quarter of the eighteenth century quieted domestic dis-putes, but at each lull in the military storm the effort of Fleury to crush the Jansenist party was renewed, but always with an in-crease of opposition on the part of the Par-liament of Paris. The reverses of the French arm Ł sin the wars of the Austrian succession were not sufficient to arouse Louis XV to the necessity of political reform, and the state remained under the astonishing leadership of the king's mistresses and Cardinal Fleury. Thought grew more restrained, and in 1742 an order of the council destroyed the liberty of the press, and made it a crime to have in one's possession books injurious to good morals."' The trouble was that Jansenists were exposing the rottenness of the French church and of French " high life," and ultramontanes and . the court party wanted to silence them. c. P. B. 