38 LIBERTY is no such thing as punishment, no far-off judgment day, and no judge external to ourselves. . . . And who, pray, is the judge ? Who but yourself ? The deeper self is the judge, the self who is exter-nally one with God." Mr. Campbell further avers that the New Theology is the religion of science; that it " is the recognition that, upon the foundations laid by modern science, a vaster and nobler fabric of faith is rising than the world has ever before known."  been rising from the lowest forms of ani-mal life, step by step, to what he now is; and that the future work of evolution will not be the producing of some being higher than man, but rather the perfect-ing of man spiritually and psychically. No, in the theory of the evolutionist, man is not to be regenerated and perfected through the gospel, the power of God in Christ, but through the slow and prac-tically endless process of evolution. The plan of salvation is found, not in the UNIVERSITY OF OREGON, FOUNDED 1878, PRINCE L. CAMPBELL, B. A., PRESIDENT Observe that this vaster and nobler fabric of faith " is rising not from the foundation laid in the Word of God, but from that laid by modern science Š the science which has for its foundation the god of evolution, the god of pantheism. In perfect keeping with the teachings of evolution, the New Theology rejects the teaching of the Bible as to the fall of man, as to the divine atonement, the essential divinity of Christ, the virgin birth, the resurrection of Jesus, the in-spiration and inerrancy of the Bible, the working of miracles, etc. Agreeably, of course, with the dogma of evolution, it teaches that man, instead of having fallen morally, has, through unnumbered ages,  Bible, but in evolution. The Bible is only a fragmentary record of the spiritual or religious experiences of the Jewish people. According to the testimony of Mr. Bolce, many of the teachers in American colleges teach that our conceptions of what is right and what is wrong are not sent to us from God, but " are the devel-opment of centuries." (That word " development " denotes that our moral standards have been attained through evolution.) They teach that there is no such thing as a God-given or unchang-ing morality. The late Professor Sumner, of Yale, taught that after a community has es- 