26 LIBERTY encourage, and praise our officials in the carrying out of the new law. For us to desire Sabbath observance, to pray for Sabbath observance, to ask of the gov-ernment proper Sabbath observance, and then when it comes, to fail to praise and help, or in any way to resist and oppose, would be, we feel, utterly inconsistent.' " This act is hailed as a Sabbath law, and God's day is said to be honored by it. When lobbying for the law, the mask is put on, and the claim made that the proposed law is in the interest of the laboring man; but when Congress, has been induced to take the fatal step, the mask is taken off, and the real reason acknowledged. It is called by its right name, a Sabbath law, to exalt what they term " God's day." Surely any law passed to honor an institution of the Lord is in the interest of religion rather,  than the laboring man, and is not a  proper subject for Congress to deal with. The passing of this Sunday-closing amendment involved now, as in 1829, a " legislative decision of a religious con-troversy," and established a precedent which these religious organizations will hail with joy, and use as a fulcrum to pry over in securing further legislation of a similar character. This is called a great step " in advance." But the " ad-vance " is toward a union of church and state, and any " advance " in this direc-tion is in reality a step backward toward the colonial times, when the Baptists were whipped, and the tongues of Qua-kers were bored through with a hot iron. It is a step toward the establishment of a religious despotism, which will even-tually extinguish the torch of freedom and liberty, and will fan to a flame the smoldering embers of a religious tyranny. Takoma Park, D. C. The Catholic Church and Sunday Observance Her Claim of Superiority to God and His Law A. J. SAXBY BOURDEAU Two of the pictures which accompany this article show one of the most beauti-ful buildings just erected on the grounds of the Catholic University of America, located at Brookland Station, a suburb of Washington, D. C. This building is known as the Cardinal Gibbons Me-morial Hall, and has dormitory accom-modations for one hundred thirty young men. One of the pictures gives a view, at close range, of some of the workmen engaged in manual labor on this new Gibbons Memorial Hall on Sunday, Oct. 13, 1912, on which day both of the pictures were taken by our photographer. In order to hurry the completion of the building, carpenters and mechanics had been obliged to work day and night, Sundays included. Both the Pope and the hierarchy in America are most deeply interested in the establishment of  this university. (See Catholic Messen-ger, Worcester, Mass., Nov. 15, 1912.) Rome proposes to make this institution a fortress of Catholic faith in the New World. With this object in view, she has gathered into this institution her brightest minds. It is to be the head-quarters of numerous orders of " teach-ing sisters ; " and from the well-known Apostolic Mission Home on the same campus are to go forth scores of male teachers trained as " missioners " under the skilled leaders of the Paulist order, for the conversion of the non-Catholics of America. " The Commandments of the Church " But we may be allowed to inquire why those in charge of her leading institution in America should permit those working for her to violate both the Sabbath of God's ten commandments and her own 