REV. W. F. CRAFTS Who says that "the churches have influenced the state to:make:and enforce sabbath laws." 10 LIBERTY tion was enacted. The following Sunday law makes this fact stand out very prom- inently : Š For all: We decree also both according as the Lord commands in the law, that servile works should not be done on the Lord's Day, and just as my ancestor of blessed memory commanded in his synodical edicts . . . in order that in every way the honor and rest of the Lord's Day may be preserved. But let them come together from all sides to church to the solemnities of the mass, and let them praise God for all things which he does for us on that day.Š"Monunzenta Germania' His-torica," Legum Sectio 2, Capitularia Regum Francorum, page 61, par. 81. The edict quoted above is based on a previous edict which was issued by the Vernesian Council 1  in 755 A. D., and adopted by the Frankish kings, and reads as follows : Š Since the people are urged concerning the Lord's Day that they ought not to drive horses or oxen or to travel in wag-ons, nor prepare any-thing for eating, or to busy oneself about anything pertaining in any respect whatever to the cleaning of the house or of man, . . . rural work, plowing the vineyard, cutting, threshing, grubbing, or fencing, we decree that it must be ab-stained from, in order that those coming to church may more easily have leisure for the service of prayer. Because if any one shall be found to be engaged in the above-mentioned works which are forbidden, . . . let him appear in court, not in the division of the laity, but to the priests unto punishment.Š Id., page 36, par. 14. The decree here mentioned refers to a church council held in A. D. 538 Š the Attended by three hundred and thirty-eight bishops, but not recognized by Roman Cath-olics as ecumenical. Third Council of Orleans Š upon whose decisions is based the decree of July 2, 755 A. D. It will be of peculiar interest .to note the religious nature of the parent edict cited as the precedent in all these decrees of the Frankish kings. Another interesting feature of the decree passed at the Third Council of Orleans (or Aurelianensi tertio Anno 538), concern- ing the precedent among Sunday edicts quoted by the Frankish kings, is the fact that the same council also transferred the authority to punish the transgressor frola the civil officers to the priesthood, or clergy. The state authorized the bish-ops instead of the civil magistrates to punish all who re7  fused to observe Sunday; and the priesthood put all transgres-sors under an anathema. T h e twenty-eighth can-on of this council reads: Field labors a r e forbidden, so that people may come to church and worship. If any one acts other-wise, he is to be pun-ished, not by the laity, but by the bishop.Š Bishop He-fele's "History of the Councils of the Church," T. & T. Clark, 1895, Vol. IV, page 209. This shows clearly, that Sunday laws are purely religious in their genesis ; their object has been to compel people " to attend divine service " on that day. The phrase cited above Š" so that peo-ple may come to church and worship " Š can be traced in effect through all Sunday legislation in the American col-onies, back to the English Parliament, thence back to the church-and-state re-gime of the Roman Empire in the days of Constantine, who personally presided a 