Religious Liberty Planks in the Pennsylvania Prohibition Platform A. J. SAXBY BOURDEAU MANY read with regret the story of the rejection of Dr. Silas C. Swallow's religious liberty plank by the National Prohibition Convention held at Atlantic City, N. J., July 10-12. See article " Rome and the Prohibition Party Plat-form," in the previous issue. It is grat-ifying to note, however, that the Prohi-bition party of Pennsylvania assembled in State convention at Philadelphia, July 9, 1912, incorporated two excellent relig-ious liberty planks in its platform, the principles of which are worthy of the greatest commendation. They read Š " We are concerned with no man's re- ligious faith, but we stand for the abso-lute separation of church and state. " We are opposed to the appropriation of public funds, municipal, State, or na-tional, for any religious or sectarian pur-pose." This platform is also praiseworthy in that it does not contain any plank advo-cating the enforcement of any day of rest. All honor to the stalwart patriot-ism and consistency of its framers, who confine their efforts to the consideration of plans having to do purely with man's relation to his fellow men and not with his duties to his Maker. True Americanism W. F. MARTIN NOT long since, Rev. J. S. Martin, general superintendent of the National Reform Association, was in the city of Portland, Oregon, arranging for the World's Christian Citizenship confer-ence. Sunday morning, April 21, he spoke in the third Presbyterian church. The trend of his sermon was that the youth of the land should be trained in morals and the Christian religion ; that the state should take charge of this train-ing. Among other things he said: " There should be the most positive kind of instruction in all these institutions [public schools and State universities] in Christian morality and religion as well as in political truths, which are so plainly taught in the Word of God. All I have to say is that the school, whether a kin-dergarten, a grammar school, a high school, a normal school, or a university, which does not train its youth in harmony with these things, is not truly American." We wish to notice some of these state- 38  ments in the light of this closing thought. Is it true Americanism for the govern-ment to enforce the teachings of the Christian religion upon its citizens ? Is it repudiating the principles of true Americanism for an institution supported and fostered by the state not to teach the principles of Christianity? The writer of these lines has the highest regard for Christianity and all its principles. It does not follow, however, that he would ad-vocate the compulsory acceptance of his belief by those who do not have the same regard for Christianity. The real question at issue, however, is what rela-tionship the state should sustain to the Christian religion according to true Americanism. In order to understand this aright, it will he necessary to go to the record of the founding of the American govern-ment. For a number of years before the adoption of the Constitution, great men had seen the evils resulting from a 