36 LIBERTY Papal Principles or Unalienable Rights G. B. THOMPSON THAT immortal document, framed by some of the founders of this republic, known as the Declaration of Independ-ence, among other things declares : Š " We hold these truths to be self-evi-dent : that all men are created equal ; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." These are true and noble words. To all men belong certain rights. These rights have not been bestowed by man, or by any government or nation. The rights mentioned above could not be given its subjects by any nation. No nation can give a man life. Neither is it in any sense the creator of his liberty or his happiness. It can only protect him in these rights which are his by gift of his Creator. It is therefore " to secure these rights that governments are instituted among men." It is to make these rights secure to man, so far as the civil power can, by restraining, through wholesome laws, the unjust and lawless who would, unless restrained, prey upon the weaker mem-bers of society. But this jurisdiction is only in civil matters; it can extend no further than this, for " the duty that we owe to our Creator, and the manner of discharging it, can only be directed by reason and conviction, and is nowhere cognizable but at the tribunal of the uni-versal Judge." Civil governments can rightfully compel their subjects to pay the debts which they owe to one another, but no nation can by force of civil law compel a man to pay the debt he owes to his Maker. This is true for several reasons. First, no man or aggregation of men, knows just what is the duty of any other individual to his Creator, for this is a matter of the heart; it is between the in-dividual conscience and the Creator. For a man or government to attempt to com-pel an individual to perform aright his re- ligious duties, that which is in the heart must be discovered, and what the indi-vidual refuses, or is unable to disclose, that compelling power feels it must wring from him by torture; in short, the Inquisition, with all its horrors, must be set up wherever such work is carried on. Second, as no man can tell just what the duty of another is to the Creator, so no man, no matter what his station in life, can tell whether or not the duty im-posed upon man by his Creator has been fully discharged. God only can tell this. It can be determined only by the tribunal of the universal Judge, before whom the actions of all men must finally be re-viewed. And any attempt on the part of men to do this is to assume the preroga-tive of Deity, and put a man in the place of God ; in short, to establish the Papacy. That is the evil principle underlying the Papacy, and against which all true Prot-estantism is arrayed. For this reason it is true, as declared by the late pastor of City Temple in London, England, that " the only attitude of a Protestant toward Romanism is that of unmitigated, un-compromising, irreconcilable antago-nism." This antagonism is not against the individuals, as such, but against the wrong principle upon which the faith which they have in blindness espoused, is built. The late Henry M. Stanley once truly said:Š "A state should not interfere in mat-ters of conscience, for be a man a pagan or a Christian, Protestant or Roman Catholic, Brahman or Mussulman, his religious belief or ignorance of religion should not bias a government, or debar a citizen from the enjoyment of his rights or privileges."Š Quoted in " Re-ligious Liberty in South America," pref-ace. The foregoing is as true of the repub-lic of the United States as of any other state. The pagan may worship idols if he chooses. He must settle for that with his Creator. The Brahman and Mohammedan should be free to worship as their consciences dictate that they should. The Jew who does not believe 