80 LIBERTY longs to the persistently followed effort to give the Roman Catholic Church a direct recognition in our public-school system. It is a line of action that would not be allowed in any other connection. There is no infringement of personal rights in the prohibition now revoked, for such distinctive recognition of a church, or religious association, carries with it a personal influence which may become a potent religious proselytism. The question has been passed upon in some of the States prohibiting distinct-ive religious garb in the school as incon-sistent with our school system, and un-American. We exceedingly regret the action of the President. There was no call for his interposition. There is no good that can come out of it. One can not avoid the thought that political influence entered into the case. If it is found desirable to rent such buildings, it should be remem-bered that renting buildings does not in-clude the teachers and pupils. The effect of this revocation is to con-tinue the admission of teachers who are not required to submit to the civil service examination. A different and a lower grade of teachers is admitted to the ex-clusion of the public teachers. These schools, so allowed, cease to be under full government control while yet under the national support. We trust such a general and influential protest may be made that Commissioner Valentine's order may be restored and the government placed on the true Amer-ican, non-sectarian basis. The New York Weekly Witness, in its issue of February 21, goes into the merits of the case in the following vigorous manner, heading its article, " Govern-ment Support for Catholic Schools " : Š The schools involved in this dispute are schools which the Catholic Church for a time conducted as avowedly sec-tarian mission work Š work designed to make Catholic converts. For similar en-terprises no Protestant denomination would ever dream of trying to get public support. But Catholic priests still stick to it that public tax money ought to pay the expenses of their parochial schools, and in the Indian schools of the federal government they seem to be working for a practical exhibit of their theory. So they have persuaded the Indian Bureau to take over one after another of their mission schools and finance them out of the national treasury. The schoolhouses are rented from the Catholic Church and the Catholic teachers are put on the pub-lic pay-roll without even the formality of a civil service examination, which other teachers in the same work are not allowed to escape. Of course, when this transfer takes place, a pretense is made of secularizing the schools. But the same schoolrooms are used, the same distinctive symbols of papal ideas remain displayed on the walls, and the same monks and nuns con-tinue to teach, wearing just as before the dress which invests them with religious authority in the eyes of the schoolchil-dren. In some cases instruction in Ro-man doctrine and ceremonial is even given in school hours. From conditions of this sort the whole broad problem of upholding the religious impartiality of the American common-wealth rises into view. Protestants would deem it a disgraceful subterfuge to unload their missionary institutions in any such fashion on the shoulders of the government. Shall they forbear to pro-test when Roman priests are practising strategies so insidious for a purpose so un-American? Indian Commissioner Valentine got at the heart of the complication when he ordered sectarian clothing out of school buildings. He knew that if the order was enforced the Romanists would not be anxious to foist any more of their schools on the government. President Taft, vacating the order for the time being, calls the question " a mat-ter of great delicacy," and says it should be further investigated. Well and good; let him investigate it. Perhaps he, too, now supposes it " only a fuss about clothes." When he gets to the bottom of the subject, he will surely see why Valentine thought differently. And we doubt not that by that time the President will think differently, too. The hearing suggested by the Presi-dent was held before the Secretary of the Interior, Hon. Walter L. Fisher, on April 8. There were present at this hearing 