I 1 1 igrligioug itihrrtg Asociatiort / DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES / / r. We believe in God, in the Bible as the word of God, and in the separation I / of church and state as taught by Jesus Christ. i i2. We believe that the ten commandments are the law of God, and that they / Icomprehend man's whole duty to God and man.  / 3. We believe that the religion of Jesus Christ is founded in the law of love 1 I of God, and needs no human power to support or enforce it. Love cannot be I i forced. I 4. We believe in civil government as divinely ordained to protect men in the I enjoyment of their natural rights and to rule in civil things, and that in this realm i it is entitled to the respectful obedience of all. / / 5. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to / I worship or not to worship, according to the dictates of his own conscience, provided I / that in the exercise of this right he respects the equal rights of others. 6. We believe that all religious legislation tends to unite church and state, is  I subversive of human rights, persecuting in character, and opposed to the best inter- ! ests of both church and state. / / 7. We believe, therefore, that it is not within the province of civil government I 1 to legislate on religious questions. I / 8. We believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to pre- / j vent religious legislation, and oppose all movements tending to unite church and I state, that all may enjoy the inestimable blessings of civil and religious liberty. ! I /9. We believe in the inalienable and constitutional right of free speech, free i press, peaceable assembly, and petition. / ro. We also believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to / society. ! / For further information regarding the principles of this association, address the I Religious Liberty Association, Takoma Park, Washington, D. C. (secretary, C. S. ' Longacre), or any of the affiliated organizations given below:Š Atlantic Religious Liberty Association (affil-iated organizations in Maine. Vermont, Massa-chusetts, New Hampshire, New York, Connecti-cut, and Rfiode Island): Office. South Lancaster, iMass.; secretary, K. C. Russell. Canadian Religious Liberty Association (af-filiated organizations in New Brunswick, Nova - Scotia, Quebec. Ontario, and Newfoundland): Campbell. 1,  Central States Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Kansas, Nebraska. Missouri, Colorado, and Wyoming): Office, Col-! lege View, Nebr.; secretary, R. A. Underwood. Columbia Religious Liberty Association (af-1 filiated organizations in Pennsylvania, Ohio, New Jersey, Virginia, West Virginia, Delaware, i and Maryland): Office, Takoma Park, D. C.; secretary, S. B. Horton. Lake Religious Liberty Association (affiliated .1 St., Chicago, organizations in Michigan, Indiana, Illinois, and Wisconsin): Office, 3145 Lynda]e  Ill.; secretary, L. H. Christian. Northern Religious Liberty Association (affil-iated organizations in Minnesota, Iowa. North Dakota, and South Dakota): Office, 2713 Third Ave. South, Minneapolis, Minn.; secretary, Chas. Thompson. NMENHIŁ10.4MŁ044 smŁlo.0.4mwr  NIIIIPIFIMŁ04Mrimm=r11.=Ł..M.MMENNM1.00110..1.4.  / / i AFFILIATED ORGANIZATIONS 1 / / North Pacific Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Oregon. Washington. Idaho, Montana, and Alaska): Office, College Place, Wash. Pacific Religious Liberty Association (affili-ated organizations in California, Nevada, Utah, and Arizona): Office, Glendale, Cal.; secretary, J. O. Corliss. Office, Port Hope, Ontario; secretary, M. N. Southeastern Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Florida, Georgia. North Carolina, and South Carolina): Office, 169 Bryan St., Atlanta, Ga.; secretary, Carlyle B. Haynes. Southern Religious Liberty Association.  (affili-ated organizations in Alabama, Kentucky, Ten-nessee, Louisiana, and Mississippi): Office, 2123 24th Ave.. N., Nashville, Tenn.; secretary, L. A. Smith. Southwestern Religious Liberty Association (affiliated organizations in Arkansas, Oklahoma. Texas. and New Mexico): Office, Keene, Te.::.; secretary. G. F. Watson. FOREIGN OFFICES Australia: Office. Mizpah, Wahroonga, N. S. W., Australia; secretary, G. Teasdale. Great Britain: Office, Stanborough Park, Watford, Herts. England; secretary, W. T. Bartlett. 