S1S20 LIBERTY and his conception of his duties to God, right or wrong, so long as he is not thereby led to endanger the equal rights and liberties of his neighbor, or to in-terfere with the free exercise of the government's power in the equal pro-tection of all citizens ? Is any comment necessary on the car-dinal's quotation from Becanus to show that it in no wise commits the Roman Caholic Church to the principle of relig-ious liberty, but most clearly decries that principle as an evil to be tolerated only by reason of necessity, " when it would do more harm to the state or to the com-munity to repress it "? Are we not, then, compelled to main-tain that a loyal Roman Catholic who fully understands the allegiance required of him by the pope can never sincerely subscribe to the federal Constitution, or, if he does subscribe to it, never can be expected to abide by it, enforce and defend it? Papacy and Vaticanism can not be separated from the Roman Cath-olic religion. If any one should enter-tain an idea that this were possible, let him read Cardinal Gibbons's afore-quoted book. How, then, could we, as firm believers in the principle of complete separation of church and state, and the liberties based thereon and safeguarded thereby, conscientiously and consistently help to elect to the presidency a member of the Roman Catholic Church, so long as that church does not officially, through its pontiff or church council, revoke its diametrically opposed declarations now on record? Are the two million and more Lu-therans of this country, not to speak of the millions of other Protestants, who take this position for the reasons stated, to be accused of bigotry or fanaticism because of such, their stand, aye, be de-nounced as being disloyal American citizens? We protest that it is neither personal feeling nor religious antago-nism which determines our attitude in this matter, but solely our disagree-ment with the Roman Catholic Church  on this basic political principle,Š a dis-agreement growing out of the rejection and denunciation by the Roman Catholic Church of that very prin-ciple which you admonish all faithfully to uphold not only in theory but in practise. We do not wish to be understood as though we mean to accuse the bulk pf the Roman Catholics of being disloyal American citizens. We sincerely believe a great many do not fully realize the position the hierarchy of their church maintains with reference to the principle in question, especially in view of the outgivings of their teachers in this country; and that if it came to an issue compelling a decision either for the Con-stitution or the papal hierarchy, they would decide in favor of the former, upholding the Constitution of the United States. Yet, in determining our attitude in this matter, especially when it comes to electing a man to the highest public office, we must be guided by the official teachings of the recognized authorities of the Roman Catholic Church. We have considered it to be our duty not to keep silence in this matter be-cause, in our judgment, that would have been an act of cowardice, nor do we wish to do any one an injustice, nor in any manner traduce any man or body of men. If, therefore, in aught we have said we are laboring under error, we shall be pleased to have you enlighten us, and with us the millions who occupy the same position, and shall be sincerely grateful to you for such enlightenment. But if we are right in our contention and position, we ask you to show your unquestioned sincerity and courage by an acknowledgment of the correctness of our contention and the attitude based thereon. We are very respectfully, WILLIAM SCHOENFELD, MARTIN WALKER, for the New York Pastoral Conference of the Synodical Conference of the Lutheran Church, 