32 (1082) Ł LIBERTY is now repudiated by many who claim to be defenders of the Christian religion. A so-called Christian evolution has taken the place of the gift of righteousness brought to us through the acceptance of Jesus as the Lord our righteousness, and the whole story of the fall and the re-demption through Christ is regarded as a myth. Will orthodox Christians or liberal evolutionists write the creed for this national religion ? Of course we know without proceed-ing further with our reflections, that the national religion will be the religion of those who carry this movement to a suc-cessful issue, if such a thing is possible; but this means that there will be a relig-ion of the state which will be contrary to the belief of the majority of its citi-zens, and we shall have repeated those dark chapters in history when a minority, having gained the power, force upon the majority an outward observance of forms and ceremonies which misinterpret the feelings of the heart. After " a little reflection," we are de-cidedly of the opinion that this announced purpose to have a revival of national re- ligion is simply the old purpose couched in a little different phraseology Š the purpose to unite religion and the state and to have a state religion. To this purpose in any form we are unalterably opposed. We believe in the Christian re-ligion and belong to the so-called con-servative class; but because we believe in the real principles of the religion of Jesus Christ, we repudiate any attempt to have a union of religion with the state or to force religion upon any one. It is the very genius of Christianity that one should be permitted to believe or to disbe-lieve, to practise or not to practise re-ligion, and that his choice should be absolutely free. Religious liberty is not the liberty to believe and to act with the majority, but the liberty to stand entirely aloof from the majority in belief and practise, provided always that one does not infringe upon the equal rights of others in so doing. We do not approve of a national re-ligion, but we do approve most heartily of personal religion, and we labor and pray for a revival of that kind of religion in the hearts of all. w. w. P. Ł-ŁŁŁŁŁŁ- Ł Sunday Legislation and the Laboring Man WHEN it has been conclusively shown that Sunday laws are religious in char-acter, and therefore contrary to the American idea of civil government, then it is that the advocates of such legislation plead for such laws in the interest of the overworked laboring man. This magazine believes that the great-est consideration possible should be shown toward the laboring man ; for to that class of citizens our country is in-debted for its unparalleled prosperity. It is this class of men that clears our forests, builds our cities, constructs our railroads and steamships, digs our ca-nals, and mines our wealth. Every citi- zen should encourage in every way that is proper and legitimate those who are the real sinew and strength of our land. We believe that the laboring man should be protected as far as possible from the various woes that threaten his happiness, but this relief, or protection, will not be secured through the medium of Sunday laws. Instead of such laws being in the interest of the laboring man, they are a menace to him, because they trans-form the day Š Sunday Š into a period of physical bondage greater than that which would be caused by seven days' labor in a week. Has it never occurred to the laboring 