4 LIBERTY " Who art thou that judgest another man's servant? . . . One man esteemeth one day above another: another esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind." Rom. 14:4, 5. one day, and the law also forces them to rest another, they will thus be forced to violate the first provision of the commandment, they are conscientiously attempting to keep." Judge Brett of the supreme court wrote the opinion, which sets forth the facts of the case, as well as the reasons why the decision of the lower court should be reversed, and also the false premise upon which other State supreme court decisions were based in the past with re-spect to the question under consideration, namely, the religious liberty of Sabba-tarians : Š The plaintiffs in error in this case were prosecuted, and convicted in the county court of Blaine County for violating our Sabbath or Sunday laws. " It appears from the record that they were conducting a general mercantile business at Hitchcock, Oklahoma, and exposed their mer-chandise for sale on Sunday. That this was done in an orderly, peaceable, and quiet way. And there is no complaint that it was done in such manner -as to interrupt or disturb other persons, in observing Sunday or the first day of the week as ' holy time.' " It also appears that plaintiffs in error are and were Seventh-day Adventists, and uni-formly and religiously observed Saturday, or the seventh day of the week, as a day of rest and ' holy time.' " After designating the first day of the week as the Sabbath ; and declaring that Sabbath breaking shall consist first of servile labor, except works of necessity or charity;' and second,Š' trades, mandfactures, and mechan-ical employments,' the legislature then makes an exception, and in Sec. 2406 provides that: " It is a sufficient defense in proceedings for servile labor on the first day of the week, to show that the accused uniformly keeps an-other day of the week as holy time, and does not labor upon that day, and that the labor complained of was done in such manner as not to interrupt or disturb other persons in observing the first day of the week as holy time.' " Now the question is, what did the Legis-lature contemplate by the term servile labor ' in this exception? " It is loosely stated by some courts, that the term 'servile labor' is infelicitous. But there is no such thing as servile labor' in this Country; and has not been for years; and the term is not only ' infelicitous' but is obsolete and meaningless, as applied to pres-ent conditions. And if our statute should be limited to the literal meaning of the term. then neither the prohibition nor exception in the statute, could apply to any class of labor existing today, either in this State or the Nation. The word `servile' pertains to slaves; to those held in subjection and enslaved; and no such thing as that exists today in our Nation. But our Legislators certainly had in mind some existing character or class of labor, to which they intended that both the prohibition and the exception should apply. And we think must have intended to use the word `servile' as synonymous with secular. It would be highly improper to strike down a statute so vital as this, as meaningless, un- less it should be impossible by any reasonable construction, to ascertain the Legislative in-tent. This law, as stated by an eminent jurist : 4 * * * proceeds upon the theory, enter-tained by most of those who have investigated the subject, that the physical, intellectual, and moral welfare of mankind requires a period-ical day of rest from labor, and, as some par-ticular day must be fixed, the one most nat-urally selected is that which is regarded as sacred by the greatest number of citizens, and which by custom is generally devoted to reli-gious worship, or rest and recreation, as this causes the least interference with business or existing customs.' " But our Legislature, we think, wisely and properly by the provisions of Sec. 2406, Re-vised Laws, igio, exempted any one, who uniformly keeps another day of the week as holy time, and does not labor upon that day,' from the penalties of this statute; pro-vided, such person who uniformly and reli-giously keeps another day as holy time, works on the first day, in such manner as not to interrupt or disturb other persons in observing the first day of the week as holy time.' The writer of this opinion conscientiously and re- " The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the broken-hearted, to preach deliver-ance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised." Luke 4 Ł 18. 