Who Shall Teach Christianity? JOHN N. QUINN REV. DR. ROBERT ELLIS THOMPSON, president of the Central High School of Philadelphia, in an address before the delegates of the World's Christian Citizenship Conference in Philadelphia, made this statement : Š " Though there are, strictly speaking, no Christian nations, the United States has the best right to claim the title; for it has come nearest to framing its laws on the moral foundation of righteousness and justice." One can readily coincide with the doc-tor's statement, as the United States in its Constitution does not recognize any religion, leaving the question of worship entirely with the individual conscience. To place Christian laws and usages on an undeniably legal basis in the funda-mental law of the land would make the nation antichristian. And yet this is just what the doctor believes should be done. Here are some of his reasons for believing this to be a Christian nation : Š " Next week throughout the length and breadth of the land, there will he an of-fering of Thanksgiving, an acknowledg-ment of the nation's direct relation to the Divine. " The songs of the nation, ' The Star-Spangled Banner ' and ' My Country, 'Tis of Thee,' sing the praises of God, the one as a hope for the nation's welfare, and the other thanks for its preservation. The exemption of churches from tax-ation is practically a contribution to re-ligion, and the decision Of the Supreme Court declares that this is a Christian nation. " To teach Christianity to the rising generation, then, becomes a duty of gov-ernment ; and what kind of teaching is it otherwise? . . . " The essential object of education is to create a citizenship upon which the state can depend. Dr. Eliot of Harvard has said that the public schools are a failure, because they have not developed such good citizenship that men vote in-telligently on great questions of reform. " I answer that the cause of reform must be in the hearts and consciences of men, must be in the name of God ; and that the failure of the public schools is only in that respect where they have failed to teach the moral law as laid down in the Holy Book." To teach Christianity to unwilling pu-pils is contrary to the spirit of the gospel, and to tax a citizen even indirectly to support a religion in which he has no faith is tyranny. To the church and not to the nation God has committed the work of Christian education, and it, will be a sorry day for the church and the nation when the latter undertakes the Ł work of the former. Takoma. Park, D. C. tV IV IV Persecution in the Twentieth Century I. A. FORD WE are often told that persecution is a relic of barbarism, which was practiced during the Dark Ages, and to some extent during the early history of this country, when men were groping for the light, and establishing a government for " the land of the free, and the home of the brave ; " but that in these days of enlightenment and good will, when the spirit of Christian fellowship is being 30 proclaimed throughout the world, such things as occurred in the earlier times in Europe and America, could not pos-sibly be reenacted. An experience which recently came to the attention of the writer, however, shows that human na-ture today is very similar to what it was in the days of old, and that bigotry and intolerance assert themselves as readily now as then. 