130 LIBERTY upon our inalienable civil and religious rights. The only real basis of perma-nent peace is the full and equal enjoy-ment of these blessed privileges granted to all peoples, races, religions, and na- tions, without partiality. The noted statesman Charles Sumner uttered an immortal and heaven-born truth when he said : " Equality of rights is the first of rights." Lutherans Oppose Federation IN this time of departure from the old standards on the part of most Protestant denominations in the reform movements of social service, it is refreshing to hear a strong voice of protest occasionally. . The conference of the Missouri synod of Lutheran pastors and theological teach-ers, representing a membership of two million, expressed the Lutheran Church's disapproval of joining the Church Fed-eration of St. Louis for Good Citizenship, in a set of courteous resolutions. The synod regrets that it cannot in-dorse the purposes of the federation, and claims that a church combine is " to our minds utterly intolerable," as Š it involves the sacrifice of the principle of the complete separation of church and state, a principle so vital to our civil and religious welfare. Civic improvement at this price is too costly, a price that de-natures the church and so destroys the very safeguards from which the best im-pulses of citizenship must ever go forth. By a mixture of the church as church with the state as state, both must suffer, and neither can be improved. These estates have different lights of guidance. The church is guided by the light of reve-lation ; the state is guided by the light of human reason, good common sense. Keep these estates separate, and the state will not harm the church, and the church incidentally will benefit the state. Mix them, and we harm both. We must, as a church, adhere the more to our calling as followers of the Lamb of God for sin-ners slain, determining as ministers not to know anything among men save Jesus Christ, and him crucified. Good citizenship dares not mix church and state. Fusion in this matter is simply confusion, and the good that such fu- sion seems to offer is merely delusion. Lutheran citizens stand for loyal and patriotic devotion to the state, and there-fore must resist every effort which, though intending good, nevertheless is fraught with grave dangers. Good cit-izenship is possible in reality when the church painfully guards against all med-dling as a church in civil affairs. The in-fluence of the church upon the state is properly exerted only incidentally through her members individually, and then only when these members intelli-gently distinguish between what is relig-ious and what is civil. This federation proposes a union of religious forces, that is, church societies, with the express intention of using them politically " to promote honest and effi-cient conduct of the city government." It would, moreover, convert church socie-ties into " centers of municipal vigilance and safety," in the districts in which they are located. This is nothing less than the mixture of church and state, the mixing of church organizations as such in the civil affairs of the community, and a perversion of these organizations from their original and proper nature as parts of religious congregations, spiritual households, into ordinary political clubs. We trust that the delegates to the World's Christian Citizenship Confer-ence will ponder well these weighty argu-ments before they take further steps to do the business of the state through the organizations of the church, thus effec-tually uniting the church and the state in this country. As these church organiza-tions are combining their forces to erad-icate social evils by political means, they do well to stop long enough to consider another report which was submitted by a Senate Committee. to Congress con- 