12  LIBERTY enabling him to suppress Sunday toil in the District. It makes honest labor and trade on Sun-day a penal offense, but permits the sale of tobacco, cigars, and malt and spirituous liquors under limitations, on that day. A strange inconsistency ! Such legislation has been urged as neces-sary because certain dealers are " compelled to keep open their places of business on Sunday to compete with those dealers who do not respect that holy day." (Washington Evening Star, April 14, 1904.) This at once shows the character and object of the desired legislation. It is religious, and is designed to stop all Sunday competition by compelling non-Sunday-observing dealers to respect the " holy day." Must the right of men to choose their own religion and their own time to rest and labor be treated as a crime, in order that those who observe Sunday shall have no Sunday competition? It should never be forgotten that a religious monopoly is the most dangerous, the most unreasonable, and the most oppressive of all monopolies. No one in the District of Columbia is compelled now to labor or keep open any place of business on Sunday. All are free to rest and observe Sunday as a " holy day " if they desire to do so. But if this bill be-comes a law, freedom is gone. Then all embraced in its provisions will be compelled to cease from business and trade on Sun-day, and to observe the day, whether they desire to do so or not, or be subjected to heavy and repeated fines. If a man is religious from principle, he will do that which he believes to be right, even though he loses financially by so doing. The religion which is a matter of so little conscience that it needs a governmental prop to support it, can not benefit its pos-sessor, and would certainly be a dangerous thing to embody into civil law. Moreover, if those who observe Sunday need a law compelling others to observe the day, then, by parity of reasoning, those who observe any other day need a law requiring others to observe that day. And the state can not grant such a law to one class and deny it to another, without enacting class legislation, taking sides in a religious con-troversy,Ñ the question of which day is the Sabbath,Ñ and making an unjust distinction between its citizens. But the truth is, no class needs such a  law. Every such law is a selfish, unjust, unchristian thing, and virtually establishes by law the religion of the class repre-sented and favored by it. They may be the majority, it is true; but in religion majori-ties have no right to rule by law, nor to ask the state to give preference by law to them or to their mode of worship. For the majority to rule in religious matters by the power of the state is all any church ever asked in the palmiest days of religious es-tablishments. The state can not select and enforce the observance of the day kept by one class without showing ¥partiality to that class, and discriminating against those who observe another day. Chief Justice Terry, of Cali-fornia, gave judgment upon this point in the following language: " The enforced ob-servance of a day held sacred by one of the sects, is a discrimination in favor of that sect, and a violation of the freedom of others." " Considered as a municipal regu-lation, the legislature has no right to for-bid or enjoin the lawful pursuit of a lawful occupation on one day of the week, any more than it can forbid it altogether."-9 Calif., 502. What the Exemption Implies The bill proposes to exempt those who keep " another day," providing they keep it " uniformly," and do not by their labor " interrupt or disturb " those who observe Sunday. Such an exemption implies that the state has a right to compel all to observe some day; if not one, then another. It implies that the state has a right to say when men may labor, as well as when they must rest. It is, moreover, of the nature of tolera-tion. The state selects, establishes, and requires the observance of the first day of the week as the day of rest; but, upon cer-tain conditions, it permits men to labor on that day, and to keep another day, the sev-enth,Ñ the one enjoined in the law of God, Ñ instead. Think of the state permitting men to obey God! Think of it saying to a certain class: " You may worship God ac-cording to the dictates of your conscience! " This is simply toleration; and toleration implies an established religion; and an es-tablished religion forebodes persecution. From tolerance to intolerance is but a step. The right to permit implies the right to 