LIBERTY 5 our consent to any legislation, municipal, State, or national, which savors to any extent whatsoever of the union of civil and religious things. What Is Involved in Sunday Legislation? THE logical outcome of religious leg-islation is a theocracy. The first step in the direction of re-ligion by law involves the last step. If civil government is authorized to direct in the least matter of religion, it is equally authorized to take full control of the conscience, and to enforce the observance of all the divine precepts. There can be no escape from this conclusion. There are those, however, who admit the correctness of these statements in theory, and yet advocate the enactment of laws which demand a recognition of, and at least an outward regard for, a religious institution. They would have all rest from their usual work on Sun-clay, inventing the fiction of a civil sab-bath, or urging man's need of cessation from labor at least one seventh of the time, to justify this legislation. Their plea appears disingenuous, inasmuch as they invariably insist that the one seventh should be Sunday, although rest upon any other day would certainly be equally beneficial from a merely physiological standpoint. But with a certain class of persons, zeal for what they think to be right seems to blind the mind and pre-vent them from perceiving the irrele-vancy of their premises and the incon-sistency of their logic. In marked contrast with this mental shuffling and shifting is the attitude of those who know what they want and demand it openly without any attempt to hide the principle involved. A good illustration of their unconcealable desire to unite church and state in this country is furnished by a joint resolution recently  introduced into the House of Represen-tatives, which we reprint entire : Š 62D CONGRESS, IST SESSION H. J. RES. 93 IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES May 9, 1911 MR. PEPPER (by request) introduced the following joint resolution, which was referred to the Committee on Rules and ordered to be printed. JOINT RESOLUTION For adopting the decalogue and Jesus' rule as standard measure for laws and regulations of the government of the United States. Whereas, The Christian party asks all lawmakers and rulers to adopt and use the decalogue and the golden rule for-mulated by Jesus Christ as the standard measure for all our laws and govern-ment; and,Š Whereas, Said party believes in right-ful ground and income tax; and,Š Whereas, It disapproves of a standing army and the expense of further prepa-ration of war; and,Š Whereas, It demands the divorcement of our government from the liquor traffic, that the manufacture of alcoholic bev-erages be stopped, and, under a proper compensation for business losses, the suppression of the saloon system; and,Š Whereas, It protests against the un-settling of business by unjust tariff legis-lation ; and,Š Whereas, It favors a direct vote of the people (women included) in electing all officers ; and,Š Whereas, It relies upon God's bless-ing, in his name under his authority, and seeks the support and cooperation of all patriots, regardless of sex, nationality, creed, race, or party, to his glory and for humanity, and for the overthrowing of Satan's kingdom on earth : therefore be it Š Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the use of the decalogue and Jesus' rule be the standard measure for the laws and 