MAXIMILIAN TEMPLE, QUERETARO, MEXICO 82 LIBERTY and for any other youth who may be willing to pay the necessary expense of such private education. But the third article of the document tinder discussion makes religious pri-mary schools impos-sible. " ART. III.- Instruc-tion is free; that given in public institutions of learning shall be non-sectarian. Primary in-struction, whether higher or lower, given in pri-vate institutions shall likewise be nonsectarian. " No religious corpo-ration nor minister of any religious creed shall be permitted to establish or direct schools of pri-mary instruction. " Private primary schools may be estab-lished only subject to official supervision. " Primary instruction in public institutions shall he free." The Mexican constitution goes still farther and directly discriminates against its citizens because of church affiliation. According to Section 4, of Article LXXXI, a citizen who belongs to any ecclesiastical order or is a minister of any creed is disqualified to act as presi-dent of the republic. Though ministers of religious creeds are considered as persons exercising a profession, rights which members of other professions have are denied to members of this pro-fession. A minister is disfranchised be-cause of his profession; he is ineligible to public office, cannot inherit property, save from his immediate relatives, can-not teach in a primary school, and is not allowed to express an opinion on political matters either publicly or pri-vately. Though Article VII guarantees " free-dom of writing and publishing writings on any subject," it is only the secular press that is thus free. A religious pe-riodical may not publish any comment upon any political affairs of the nation. Where would American freedom of the  press be if such restrictions were en-forced here? It is asserted in Article CXXX, that the federal authorities have the right to exercise power in matters of religious worship, a claim which is utterly con-trary to true religious liberty. The article specifies what points this power shall cover, and though it is somewhat lengthy, we quote: " ART. CXXX.- The federal authorities shall have exclusive power to exercise in matters of outward ecclesiastical religious worship and forms, such intervention as by law authorized. All other officials shall act as auxiliaries to the federal authorities. " The Congress shall not enact any law establishing or forbidding any religion what-soever. " Marriage is a civil contract. Marriage and all other acts relating to the civil status of individuals shall appertain to the exclusive jurisdiction of the civil authorities in the manner and form by law provided, and they shall have the force and validity given them by said laws. ... . " The law recognizes no corporate existence in the religious associations known as churches. " The ministers of religious creeds shall be considered as persons exercising a profession, and shall be directly subject to the laws en-acted on the subject. " The state legislatures shall have the ex-clusive power of determining the maximum number of ministers of religious creeds ac-cording to the needs of each locality. Only a Mexican by birth may be a minister of any religious creed in Mexico. " No ministers of religious creeds shall, either in public or private meetings, or in acts of worship or religious propaganda, criticize the fundamental laws of the country, the au-thorities in particular, or the government in general; they shall have no vote, nor be eligi-ble to office, nor shall they be entitled to as-semble for political purposes. " Before dedicating new temples of worship for public use, permission shall be obtained from the Department of the Interior (Gober-nacion); the opinion of the respective gover- 