P.,  4  12  LIBERTY Either we must invade the field of conscientious conviction, and attempt to compel the Jew to keep the Christian Sunday, which would not be relished if it were a case of the Jew trying to com-pel Christians to keep the Jewish sab-bath, or else we must agree to let each party observe his own rest day and work on the other six, provided he does not disturb anybody's worship. This is a frank statement of the actual situation. A law requiring rest on Sun-day invades the field of conscientious conviction, and indirectly punishes those who obey the commandment of God. The only defensible course is to leave each one free in the choice of a day of rest, and to protect all in their right to hold a peaceable assembly for public worship on any day of the week. In its further discussion of the ques-tion, the Morning Star makes this in- quiry : Ñ How will it affect the rest of us to put Sunday on a kind of secular level with the other six days of the week? This question broadly suggests that Sunday now depends upon legal enact-ment for any superiority over other days of the week. If Sunday is a gen-uine religious institution supported by divine authority, it has no need of the support of the state. If it does not rest upon divine command, it ought to give way to the true Sabbath. In any case, there can be no justification of legisla- tion in its behalf. The Relation Between the Church and the State The Roman Catholic Doctrine ONE direct and valuable result of the discussion which has followed Theodore Roosevelt's letter on religious liberty is that it has called forth from several rep-resentatives of the Roman Catholic Church a clear statement of their posi-tion on the union of church and state.  In the effort to parry the effect of quo-tations made by Protestants from official utterances of the popes who have un-qualifiedly condemned the separation of church and state, it has been claimed that these declarations were applicable to Catholic countries in the Old World, but that the position of the church in Amer- ica, a Protestant country, was quite dif-ferent. It is therefore of interest to read the statements of representative Ro- man Catholic teachers who set forth their interpretation of papal bulls and define the position of American Cath-olics upon the question of the separation of church and state. The Syllabus Explained Our first quotation is from a sermon delivered at Philadelphia by Rev. David Hillhouse Duel, S. J., who declared : Ñ The Catholic Church has always taught that religious liberty, freedom of conscience, and freedom of worship should be allowed to the sincere and honest of every persuasion, whether Jew or Chinese. But she has also taught that the rebel Catholic, who knew the truth and rejected it, the man of bad will who acted against his conscience, should be forbidden religious liberty, freedom to worship as he pleased, or say what he pleased, to write or to print what he pleased. This is the meaning of the seventy-ninth proposition condemned in the syllabus of Pope Pius IX. This statement certainly reveals a unique conception of what constitutes religious liberty. Those who are " sin- cere and honest " should be allowed " freedom of conscience and freedom of worship," but the liberty of " the man of bad will " should be restrained. In the application of these principles there must of course be some authority who shall determine whether a man is " sin- cere and honest," or whether he is a man " of bad will ; " and although it is not so stated in this paragraph, the history of the Roman Catholic Church proves that 