LIBERTY 67 for its defeat for nearly a week, and there was only one voice that spoke for it during its funeral ceremony before the house of representatives. That voice was the voice of the one who introduced the bill at " the request of the Northwest Sabbath Association," and his voice was so feeble that I could not hear all he said. In less than three minutes the bill was defeated, with one vote in its favor,  day Adventists ought to have no liberty if they do not obey the Sunday laws and stand by the decision of the majority. When he finished, the one person who applauded was the other minister, and the people showed their utter disap-proval. I then answered him again in.  a. kindly way. To his argument that we had to give up our liberties when we en-tered the compact of society, and had to as stated above. The daily newspaper d e - dared, in its own ver-nacular, " The freak bill "was sent to the bone-yard." When the Cali-fornia Sunday-bill hear-ing took place before the joint committee, the daily newspapers o f Sacramento styled it " the post-mortem ex-amination." On the night I deliv-ered a lecture on relig-  Photo by Harris & Ewing ious liberty in me Ar- PRESIDENT WILSON AND EX-PRESIDENT TAFT IN THE mory at Roseburg, Ore- INAUGURAL PROCESSION ON MARCH 4 gon, two ministers attempted to throw abide by the decision of the majority in cold Water upon what I had said, all things, I replied that men entered by .asking some foolish, irrelevant into the compact of society to protect questions. I answered their questions their natural rights and God-given lib-candidly and respectfully, but this did erties, and that society itself could not not satisfy them, and they asked the au-  add a single natural right to any one nor dience to remain. I did not object, but justly take from any individual any such gave them the privilege. One of the right; that in matters of religion the ministers then began a tirade of abuse majority had no voice, but that God him-and invective, telling the people Seventh- self was the majority, and the man who 