LIBERTY 27 allowing from fifteen to sixteen hours out of every twenty-four for rest and recrea-tion. If this is not sufficient, and, as a sanitary measure, it is necessary that they have more time allotted them in which to rest, then it is their privilege to work fewer hours a day. But let there be no compulsion in any matter pertaining to the worship of God. Equity H. E. GIDDINGS WHOLESOME law admits of no partiality. Any law which provides for one class in such a manner as to grant privileges or immunities to its members, which are not enjoyed by all citizens alike, is manifestly unjust and subversive of the ends of law. Civil government is the security that each citizen has, and the law is the embodiment of the government's guarantee of justice and equity. Sunday lawmaking is class legislation favoring one party without considering the rights of others. A prominent leader of the Sunday law crusade urges the making of such laws on the ground that " the right of rest for one demands a law of rest for all." That is to say, If one has a right to rest and worship on a certain day that he may choose, then he is entitled to a law compelling everybody to rest out of respect for him. It seems that the absurdity of this position would be so apparent as to destroy all the argument based upon it. Those who desire to do so have a right to rest on Sunday. Therefore those who have a right to rest on Sunday are entitled to (demand) a law requiring all to rest on Sunday. Let us extend this logic a little. We certainly must admit that other people have equal rights with those who desire to keep Sunday. Since this is true, other peo-ple have a right to choose another day for rest and worship, and they have a right to rest on that other day. Equity pleads for perfect uniformity and impartiality before the law. Then the same logic will apply. Seventh-day observers have a right to rest on the seventh day of the week. " The right of rest for one demands a law of rest for all." Conclusion : Therefore those who desire to rest and worship on the seventh day of the week are entitled to a law compelling all to rest. Where would this end? Other parties would be equally entitled to the same right, if right it is, and the nation would be compelled to enact laws stopping the wheels of industry much of the time, and possibly all of the time, to respect the rights of its citizens. Another specious argument is this : Sun-day can not be kept unless all people cease from toil and amusement on that day. If it can be proved that this is true,Š that is. that no one can properly rest on and ob-serve a day as a day of worship and devo-tion unless everybody else is compelled to cease from labor on that day and show becoming deference to its claims as a holy day,Š we shall have a most serious prob-lem for our legislators to solve. They will either have to deny the right of each individual to Conscientiously select the day upon which he shall rest and wor-ship, and so destroy the guarantee of equity by legislating in harmony with the wishes of one party alone, or make laws, as in the other case, requiring absolute quiet on each of the days chosen by the various parties. Tyranny or absurdity, which ? If we will only be reasonable and admit that the only protection necessary for relig-ious worship on the Sabbath is that civil order which the law insures on every day of the week, there will be no perplexity. THE Creator might have compelled all his creatures to do right, as being almighty he had the power to do; but he left them free to do wrong. He permitted Lucifer to sin in heaven, and the human family to transgress his will on earth, as a result of which sin and woe and death have filled the world for six thousand years. But terrible and contrary to his will as this long record of evil is, it was preferable in his view to a system of government which would compel the conscience, and leave no place for the free-will service of God. Yet there is a class of people in this country who are persistently seeking to educate the people to the idea that men ought to be compelled by law to obey God, and they are contin-ually lobbying in Congress and the State legislatures to get laws enforcing the ob-servance of the " Sabbath." The evil of what they are trying to accomplish is worse in God's sight than all the evil that has resulted from the freedom he has given mankind to sin. He must view such work with abhorrence. 