Laws That Protect the Day Rather Than the Man WE have long held that the Sunday laws on the statute books of many States are relics of the colonial days of the union of church and state. It is encour-aging to find leading papers taking the same view. Speaking editorially of the enforcement of the Sunday law on mo-torists with hired chauffeurs going into Virginia on pleasure, the Washington Ł Post says : Š " Intimations that motorists with hired chauffeurs on pleasure bent in Virginia might he arrested by the authorities under the re-vised ' blue' laws apparently did not material-ize. At Rosslyn, Va., across from the Aque-duct Bridge, the sheriff arrested a laborer cleaning a street car, and several laundrymen who attempted to deliver packages across the river were turned back, but, after all, the expected enforcement of the ' blue' laws was tempered with a little common sense. The legislative relics of the days of nar-rowness and prejudice should have been re-moved from the statute books long ago. Like many other States, however, Virginia has kept these laws intact, and there has been no pres-sure for their repeal, because the citizens were quite satisfied with nonenforcement. " The time has long since passed when the taking of exercise on Sunday was considered sinful. . . . " Interference with .the delivery of the ne-cessities of life by storekeepers is the surest way to bring about the repeal of the 'blue' laws. Where a majority of the citizens are opposed to a law, there is no reason for keep-ing it on the statute books. So long as the statutes remain, however, they should be en-forced; but the revival of laws which have been completely forgotten is not apt to im-prove the temper even of religious folk." One of the worst features of these laws is that even though they remain dead letters for years, they may be -re-vived at any time by those who through religious antipathy desire to bring trouble upon honest, upright citizens who from religious convictions keep some other day than Sunday, and desire to do on that day honest work not interfering with other people. But there is another feature of this matter that should not be overlooked.  The statement made by the Post, that " the time has long since passed when the taking of exercise on Sunday was considered sinful," implies that if the sin-fulness of taking exercise on Sunday were once established, the state would have the right to prohibit it. When will intelligent men come to recognize the fact that it is not the prerogative of the state to prohibit and punish sin? There is absolutely nothing that any state has any right to prohibit or punish because of its sinfulness. It is no part of the duty 'of any civil government to define, prohibiE, and punish offenses against God. Civil governments are civil, not reli-gious. Their duty is to declare and to guarantee human rights, not to define and enforce religious duties. If the press of the country would only recognize this principle and insist upon its universal recognition in American civil law, there would be no further trouble along the lines referred to by the Post. And herein is the trouble with all Sun-day laws; such statutes are designed, pri-marily, not to secure to men the right to proper periods of rest, but to protect and exalt a day because of its supposed sacred character. This is shown not only by the terms employed in Sunday laws, but by the fact that where exemption is provided for observers of some day other than Sunday, it is specified that that day, whichever one it may be, shall be ob-served " religiously," or that the one claiming the exemption must be " a mem- ber of a religious society which observes some other day than Sunday as a day of worship, and who actually keeps his place of business or occupation closed and does not work for gain or wages upon said day of worship." This is quoted word for word from Dr. Tufts's proposed Oregon one-day-in- seven rest law. Now, what is this but an effort to compel religious rest, if not 213 