32 LIBERTY There is absolutely no such thing as lib-erty by compulsion, and there can not be. For in the very act of enforcing liberty, it would, by virtue of its own nature, cease to be liberty, and hence would be only bondage. Therefore, owing to the nature of God, and the nature of man, Jesus Christ, in his life and ministry on earth, ever steadfastly re-fused to recognize the law of force, either in the propagation of his kingdom, or when defending himself against his enemies. When taunted by his murderers for not de-fending himself by force, he set forth in a single sentence the distinguishing charac-teristic of his kingdom. He said, " My kingdom is not of this world: if my king-dom were of this world, then would my serv-ants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now is my kingdom not from hence." Right Conquers at Last In this world men employ force and vio-lence. They do wrong rather than suffer wrong. They bring their fellow men into subjection for the furtherance of selfish in-terests and ends. But into that blissful realm of light and liberty above, there enters no element of tyranny or force; no compul-sion of the will, no oppressive enactment can find a place in that peaceful rest. But there it is that liberty, in its highest, broad-est, and deepest sense, holds joyful sway in every heart. It is the liberty which is heaven-born. It is vouchsafed as an in-alienable right to all intelligences in heaven and on earth. It has for its foundation the law of self-denying love; for its Author, the God of liberty; for its demonstration, the life of Jesus Christ while here on earth. Still farther, as liberty is so pre-eminently godlike, and original alone with him who from his high and holy place dispenses only love and life, and freedom of choice in thought and action to all his creatures, so it is not his design that the liberties of his subjects shall be abridged by one another; for he himself rules only by the consent of the governed. Consistent with his own nature and government, he can coerce no one; consequently, what he can not do, others can not rightly do. Freedom of Choice Thus we have seen that God's government is free; that he compels no one against his will or consent to become a subject of his, or to comply with his requirements; that, neither by precept nor example, does he accord to any the privilege or the right to compel in any degree the consciences of their fellows, nor to invade their rights by suppression, or oppression, or tyranny, either in things pertaining to the conscience as regards the service of God, or to that which pertains to civil government in the free exercise of the rights bestowed upon all mankind by a beneficent Creator, such as " life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness." These being the principles of Christ's kingdom, it is easy to see that true Chris-tianity never infringes upon or invades the rights of any. The freedom of mankind from the slavery of sin has been secured through the blood of the cross, not through force, but through suffering. The mission of Christianity, therefore, is to make men free. This is just the opposite of enslaving them. The liberty wherewith Christ sets men free from sin, is the very foundation of religious liberty in the state. It will al-ways be true, as it has been in the past, that religious freedom never long survives the departure of real Christian living in any commonwealth. One remarkable instance of this is seen in the making of the despotic power of the papacy. Real godliness began to wane even in the first century of this era. The uplifting truth of righteousness by faith was already being lost sight of. The light which faith in the Word of God had kin-dled, was beginning to grow dim. As time went on, penance, almsdeeds, pilgrimages, flagellations of the flesh, and righteousness by works, in general, gradually and steadily took the place of that righteousness which is a free gift through Jesus Christ by faith. Midnight Darkness Generally speaking, with the lapse of a few generations, the light of faith was al-most extinguished. With this, came the midnight of the world, when, for more than a thousand years, darkness, oppression, and tyranny filled the earth with woe. A church having the form and the name of Chris-tianity, destitute of the fragrance of the Christ life, and devoid of the principles and the power of the gospel, which persuades men, grasped the arm of the civil power, and for many dreary centuries made war upon the bodies and consciences of men. The decretals of popes, the edicts of church 