LIBERTY  9 tinized with great eagerness the returns telegraphed to the Vatican. Catholics everywhere were directed to support the monarchist candidates against the anti-clericals. For thirty-nine years Roman Catholics in Italy have been forbidden to take any part in elections, on the ground that it would justify the state in depriving the pope of his temporal power; but now that it seems expedient to the present pope to remove this embargo, he does it ; but as an essential part of this action he directs Roman Catholics how they shall exercise the privilege which he grants to them. Could there be any plainer case of the interference of the pope in civil af-fairs? and this is not in medieval times, but in the year of our Lord 1909. Can any one doubt that if it seemed expe-dient to the pope to do so, he would direct American Catholics how they should cast their votes? We leave to Cardinal Gibbons the difficult task of harmonizing his statement with this latest fact of history. The True Papal Doctrine In his article Cardinal Gibbons has expressed in his own language what he declares to be the doctrine of the Roman Catholic Church concerning the relation between church and state, and has made certain quotations (without giving definite references to original documents) from the writings of Pope Leo XIII and Pope Pius IX. Cardinal Gibbons, however, does not quote from the  celebrated bull of Pope Bonif ace VIII, Unam Sanctam, issued in 1302, which still stands as an authoritative statement of the Roman Catholic Church as to the true relation between the church and the temporal power. As being altogether pertinent to the dis-cussion, we quote the following para-graph: Ñ Either sword is in the power of the church, that is to say, the spiritual and  the material. The former is to be used by the church, but the latter for the church. The one in the hand of the priest, the other in the hands of kings and soldiers, but at the will and pleas-ure of the priest. It is right that the temporal sword and authority be sub-ject to the spiritual power. Moreover, we declare, say, define, and pronounce that every human being should be sub-ject to the Roman pontiff, to be an ar-ticle of necessary faith. Cardinal Gibbons may be expressing his own individual view, and possibly that of some American Catholics, when he attempts so to interpret the doctrine of his church that it shall appear to approve of the separation of church and state. but in doing this he is cer-tainly giving an entirely new meaning to the ex-cathedra utterances of infal- lible pones. This savors of that " Americanism " which Pope Leo XIII. in his letter to Cardinal Gibbons, dated Jan. 22. 1899. condemned in these words : Ñ It is manifest, beloved son. that we are not able to give approval to those views which, in their collective sense. are called by some " Americanism." For it would give rise to the suspicion that there are among you some who conceive and would have the church in America to be different from what it is in the rest of the world. In presenting the views of Leo XIII, Cardinal Gibbons ought not to forget the letter to himself from the same pope which speaks so strongly against any departure from, or any new inter- pretation of, the teachings of the church which have once been clearly stated. France and America It may not be out of place in this connection to call attention to an inter-view with Cardinal Gibbons published in the Baltimore Sun of Dec. 14, 1906, in which he made this statement: Ñ If the separation of church and state in France meant just what it means in 