LIBERTY 39 A Notable Address The Speech of Ernest Nathan, Mayor of Rome, Delivered Before the Breach of Porta Pia, Rome, Italy, Sept. 20, 1910; Together With the Pope's Reply and the Mayor's Rejoinder CITIZENS, I do not speak only in the name of Rome ; you have the evidence of this in the wreath this moment pre-sented to me by the council of the prov-ince here assembled together with its distinguished vice-president. It is for the land around us, it is for the entire province joined to this city, united in the same convictions and popular aspira-tions,Š for these I speak. And if again I address you on this his-toric spot, it is because of your will re-cently expressed by your suffrage; you asked that the voice of the popular ad-ministrator should again resound here, and just in the year when, from all parts of Italy and from abroad, from the two hemispheres, fellow citizens and for-eigners will pilgrimage to Rome to com-memorate the day, half a century ago, when the Sub-Alpino Parliament, with clear vision of the national destiny, pro-claimed Rome the capital of the new Italy. Urged by the will of the people, stirred by the work of the grand factors, the soldier, the king, the statesman, nerved by the brave army, by the valorous vol-unteers, by the citizens and all who toiled, suffered, died, under the light that sometimes illumines men and assemblies, that illustrious, patriotic parliament so decreed and through the maturing of subsequent events so it happened. To express our approbation of that sol-emn vote, we are here to-day; and to-morrow the whole world, through its many representatives, will meet here to observe how well the present Rome, the Rome of the third Italy, has resumed the march toward its destiny; to what ex-tent it has succeeded in summing up in itself the will and the aspirations of a great people ; how much it has done and is doing to establish brotherly relations with other nations through its own life and thought which sweep over the bar-riers of mountains and seas. Such is the Rome that I have the honor to represent, vindicator of free-dom of thought, which entered through this breach together with the tricolored flag. But another Rome, the Vatican, image of the past, shuts himself into a compass narrower than the walls of Belisarius, with the idea of compressing thought into that little circumference, for fear that, if it should come into contact with the free air, it might, like the embalmed dead of ancient Egypt, be resolved into dust. From there, from that fortress of dogma, as a last desperate effort to per-petuate the reign of ignorance, comes, on the one hand, the order to banish from the religious schools all magazines in which modern life and thought are con-sidered; on the other hand, comes the thundering proscription Š negative elec-tricity without contact with the positive pole Š against men and associations de-sirous of reconciling the practises and teachings of their faith with the teachings of the intellect, the vital life, and the moral and social aspirations of the civic soul. Like cosmic matter in dissolution, that city on the slope of the Janiculum is a fragment of an extinguished sun, hurled into the orbit of the modern world. Think for a moment, citizens, of Rome as it was one year before this breach was made, the year 1869. There came then on pilgrimage Catholics from all parts of the world, called here for a great and solemn affirmation of the reigning Ca-tholicism. The church of St. Peter, in its monumental majesty, gathered within its large womb the representatives of dogma in ecumenical council. They came to proclaim that the Pope, because of his unbroken succession from Christ, should inherit, as the Son, omniscient power over men, and that his decrees should not be submitted to any human tribunal by virtue of his infallibility proclaimed, 