LIBERTY  11 tions have been urging Congress to pass a District Sunday law, it being evident that the people were not yet ready for a na-tional Sunday law. In response to this de-mand, various District Sunday bills, such as the Breckinridge Sunday bill, introduced in 1890, have been placed before Congress from time to time. The idea has been that if a precedent could be established, if Con-gress could be led to commit itself to the principle of religious legislation through a law requiring Sunday observance in the District of Columbia, it would be compara-tively easy to secure a national Sunday law.  gress, with the exception that this one has a preamble,Ñ a rather remarkable and un-usual thing in ordinary legislation,Ñ setting forth certain reasons why the proposed law should be enacted. As now prepared, it sounds more like some conference resolution or Sunday-school petition, than a bill to be enacted into law by Congress. The religious character of the bill is ap-parent. According to its title, its object is " to protect the first day of the week as a day of rest," or sabbath. Sabbath means rest, or cessation from labor. Upon its own showing, the bill is designed HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES And a national Sunday law is desired in order to make consistent and effective the state laws,Ñ relics of colonial church-and-state legislation copied from European models. But all these proposed measures have failed because of their religious character. All have been met on the ground that in this government church and state are sepa-rate, the First Amendment to the Constitu-tion declaring that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." The Bill Examined This bill is the same as the one (H. R. 4859) that died in the House, March 4, 1905, at the close of the Fifty-eighth Con- to protect the day, not the people. It is the " peace and quiet of the day" with which it is concerned. Work which upon any other day would be considered perfectly proper, is by it declared to be a " great of-fense " to " Christian and humane citizens." Works of " charity or necessity " it gra-ciously permits. But what are works of charity and necessity? Who is to decide? A Sunday excursion for the poor might, by some, be considered a charity ; and har-vesting to save crops, or labor to provide for a family, by others, a necessity. Twice, it says, the District Commissioners have approved of the measure, and, in a very adroit manner, represents the Presi-dent as favoring such legislation,Ñ that he has " regretfully said " there was no law 