FRANCIS JOSEPH, EMPEROR OF AUSTRIA The ruler who hurled the firebrand into the European powder magazine. LIBERTY 151 of Esdraelon, or valley of Jezreel. Here were fought many battles in ancient times. Here Gideon's little band over-came the Midianites. Here Saul con-quered the Philistines; and here Josiah was defeated by the Egyptians under Pharaoh Necho. This gathering place is easily accessible to forces coming down from the north and to forces marching in from the landing place on the seashore; and from that rendez-vous these armed representatives of the nations march upon Jeru-salem. The following scripture serves further to identify the place of this last mighty war and to indicate the outcome of the battle:Š " For, lo, I begin to work evil at the city which is called by my name; and should ye be utterly unpunished? Ye shall not be unpunished; for I will call for a sword upon all the inhabitants of the earth, saith Jehovah of hosts. . . . Jehovah will roar from on high, and utter his voice from his holy habitation; he will mightily roar against his fold; he will give a shout, as they that tread the grapes, against all the inhabitants of the earth. A noise shall come even to the end of the earth; for Jehovah hath a con-troversy with the nations; he will enter into judgment with all flesh: as for the wicked, he will give them to the sword, saith Jehovah. Thus saith Jehovah of hosts, Behold, evil shall go forth from nation to nation, and a great tempest shall be raised up from the uttermost parts of the earth. And the slain of Jehovah shall be at that day from one end of the earth even unto the other end of the earth : they shall not be la-mented, neither gathered, nor buried." Jer. 25: 29-33. At the valley of Jehoshaphat, Jehovah will 'at that time " sit in judgment." He says, " I begin to work evil at the city' which is called by my name." The na-tions will have come up to that place (Jerusalem) to engage in what will be the last battle of this world. Jehovah there pronounces his judgments upon all  who have refused the offers of his grace; and at that place the work of executing that judgment begins, extending thence to every portion of the earth. At that time these words apply : Š " The kings of the earth, and the princes, and the chief captains, and the rich, and the strong, and every bondman and freeman, hid themselves in the caves and in the rocks of the mountains; and they say to the mountains and to the rocks, Fall on us, and hide us from the face of him that sitteth on the throne, and from the wrath of the Lamb: for the great day of their wrath is come; and who is able to stand?" Rev. 6: 15-17. 