20 LIBERTY system of government. Mr. James Mad-ison, well known as 'the Father of the Constitution, said: Š " There is not a shadow of right in the general government to intermeddle with religion. Its least interference with it would be a most flagrant usurpation." Š Elliot's " Debates on the Federal Con-stitution," Vol. III, page 33o. Thomas Jefferson is on record as stat-ing the same thing, in substance: Š " I consider the government of the United States as interdicted by the Con-stitution from intermeddling with reli-gious institutions, their doctrines, dis-cipline, or exercises."Š" Works of Thomas Jefferson," Vol. V, page 236. Decisions Suggesting Warning In a California Supreme Court deci-sion a warning was given against assum-ing too much in behalf of police regula-tion : Š " While the police power is one whose proper use makes most potently for good, in its undefined scope and inordinate exercise lurks no small danger to the republic ; for the difficulty which is ex-perienced in defining its just limits and bounds affords a temptation to the legis-lature to encroach upon the rights of citizens with experimental laws none the less dangerous because well meant. We think the act under consideratiOn gives plain evidence of such encroachment. It is sought to be upheld by the argument that it is a police regulation ; that it seeks to protect labor against the oppression of capital. " It is not easy to see where or how this law protects labor from the unjust exactions of capital. A man's Constitu-tional liberty means more than his per-sonal freedom. It means, with many other rights, his right freely to labor, and to own the fruits of his toil. It is a curious law for the protection of labor which punishes the laborer for working. Yet that is precisely what this law does. " If it be Constitutional to single out one such class, and debar its members from the right to labor on one day in the week, it would be Constitutional to pro- hibit them from following their vocation upon six days of the week. When any one such class is singled out and put under the criminal ban of a law such as this, the law not only is special, unjust, and unreasonable in its operation, but it works an invasion of individual liberty. Š the liberty of free labor, which it pretends to protect."Š State vs. Leo Lentzch, 1896. It was well said by the Kentucky Court of Appeals, in a decision rendered March 8, 1910 (John Stratman vs. Com-monwealth of Kentucky) : Š " While the legislature has the un-doubted right 'to classify business, occu-pations, or trades, for the purpose of ex-ercising the police power of the State, it has been held that such classification must be reasonable and natural. Here the po-lice power is exercised, not against the trade, but the violation of the Christian Sabbath. It is not barbering that the law seeks to prevent, but merely barber-ing on Sunday Š the violation of the Christian sabbath." The Irresistible Conclusion It will be seen from these decisions, as well as from the candid admission of Justice Robb, that religion is the real basis of .Sunday legislation. For upon what other basis can an act performed on Sunday be held to be against the good order of society, etc., when the same act performed upon other days of the week is recognized to be correct, and not against the good order, etc., of society? Sunday laws are never enacted be-cause the things forbidden in them are uncivil or wrong in themselves, but, as is admitted in court decisions, etc., to prevent the violation of what is called the Christian sabbath. We believe that Sunday laws in America will yet be a strong agency in the repudiation of the principles upon which this republic was founded, even as legislation of a similar character helped to usher in the down-fall of Rome and that night of horrors known as the Dark Ages. We believe this decision is filled with menacing prospects. 