J. S. ROOKER AND FAMILY, OF HUSTBURG, TENN. LIBERTY  29 Attorney-General Bowman's Speech to Jury Please, Your Honor, for Mr. Rooker and his religious belief I have the utmost respect, and I have no word of criticism to make either of Mr. Rooker or of the faith which he follows. I am charged with a duty as attorney-general of en-forcing the law or aiding in its enforce-ment; and you, gentlemen of the jury, have likewise taken oath of office to en-force the law. And it isn't what my friend Rooker may believe with refer-ence to the observance of the Sabbath, it isn't what I may believe, it isn't what the members of this jury believe; if the law has fixed a day to be observed by the people of the land, then it is obligatory on the people. You are go-ing to follow the law of Tennessee i n this case, if you know it. You took oath to follow it. What does the law say? The laws and ordi- nances have been uniform-ly upheld by this court. It is necessary and proper. that the Sab-bath should be uniformly observed by the whole community at the same time. Our law has fixed upon the Christian sabbath, or Sunday, as a day upon which the common avocations of life should be suspended. You heard it fall from his own lips that he keeps sacred that day that he be-lieves should be observed, and he does not work upon that day at all. He does nct work in the corn rows nor hoe corn on that day. The law says you can ob-serve that day if you want to. He told you when the laws were in conflict with God's laws that he violated man's laws, and in this particular he did it in that he labored on that day. He attracts attention down there. Mr. Hobbs says, " I went out,  to him as he passed." And upon one occasion he said, " You ought not to do this, you are vio-lating the Sabbath." He said, " I am go- ing to observe God's laws." I don't blame him for that; but when the laws of the land say he should observe Sun-day, then if he is a good citizen, notwith-standing what he believes to be divine law, he is going to obey those laws, too. It ought not to take you two minutes and a half to reach your verdict. He worked on theSabbath, attracted the at-tention of Mr. Hobbs, who remonstrated with him on one occasion. His son saw him, and said he made a practise of working on Sunday and keeping Satur-day as the Sabbath. If the law says it is violation of law, then to you as jurors there is but one thing left, and that is to bring in a ver-dict of guilty. Attorney for the Defendant, Mr. Simmons Your Hon-orable Court and Gentlemen of the Jury : We have a question here that involves a principle, and it is a principle upon which the government of the United States  is founded and the government of the State of Tennessee. It is a principle that gives religious liberty to you and to me. It is a principle that allows every man to wor-ship his God according to his conscience. Now there was a time when a man's con-science was restricted. There was a time when he could offer up prayer only ac-cording to certain rules ; but the men who were behind the Constitution of the Uni-ted States Ñ the fathers of our country Ñ are the ones who proclaimed that this country should be an asylum for the op-pressed; and the ones who wrote the dec-laration of rights that is incorporated in the Constitution of the State of Ten-nessee, also recognized that right. The question here, gentlemen, is not whether Sunday laws shall stand or fall; it is not in opposition to the integrity of the Sun-day law, whatever it may be, but the question to be decided is the liberty and the conscience of a man. Whenever 