LIBERTY  89 soul has been tossed on the waves of angry seas. My nature has been pro-foundly touched and stirred. I have seen the trail of liquor in the criminal courts where I have prosecuted crime. I know and have been a partici-pant in its paralyzing and corroding in-fluence in the social and public life of our national capital. Going through life, I have seen it drag down many of the associates of my boy-hood, blasting their hopes and consigning them to untimely graves. I have seen its forked lightning strike my first-born, the child of my young manhood, and I have borne with him the suf-fering, and tried to help him in his brave but sometimes melancholy struggle for re-demption. At last, I have felt its foul and stealthy blow as it turned upon me in its deadly and shaming wrath Ñupon me, who had pleaded before the people for its very existence. Men have called me strong; and while I could see its harm in others, I thought myself immune,Ñ as thousands before my time have thought,Ñ and suffered for the thought. All this I knew and felt without a revelation of the deep pathos and mean-ing of it all. I needed help, for I was groping, and my feet were stumbling in the dark. Deep in humiliation, tortured and condemned in my own esteem, which is the severest penalty a man may inflict upon himself, I thought of the oft-re-peated phrases about personal liberty, of the power of the human will to resist temptation, with which I had beguiled myself, and I found them as unsubstan-tial as the fabric of a dream. Went to the Throne of God When logic failed and reason gave no answer, I cast aside all pride of opinion, all thought of what the world might say or think, and went to the throne of Al-mighty God. There, on bended knees, I asked for light and strength, and they  came. The curtains of the night parted, and the way was clear. I arose a changed man. An invisible hand has led me on to where the vision is unobscured and the purposes of life stand revealed. From a critic of others, I looked within. From an accuser, I became a servant in my own house to set it in order. From a vague believer in the guidance of di-vine power, I have become a convert to its infinite truth. From an unhappy and dissatisfied man,Ñ out of tune with the harmony of life and religion,Ñ I have become happy and content, firmly an-chored in faith, and ready to testify -  Ñ  from my own experience to the miraculous power of God to cleanse the souls of men. Out of this has come the profound conviction that, on the question with which I had to deal in my public ca-reer, all my arguments and all my conclusions, so far as they excused or justified the moral right or policy of the State to legalize the sale of liquor, and thereby gave sanction to its ravages on society, were only the empty and hopeless statements of propositions which had no verity or application to a thing wholly and essentially evil, and concerning which no principle of right or order or liberty should ever be evoked for its existence. I do not mean to undervalue character and resistance as elements of personal safety; but I do mean the time will come somewhere in the life of every man who has deluMons of his security against the insidiousness and fearful grip of liquor. when the sentinels of duty will sleep and the strongholds of manhood will be in-vested and captured by the enemy. Local Self-Government Ñ Prohibition Does Not Prohibit The idea of local self-government as related to the liquor traffic is not new. I have urged it, and it is sound if we are to recognize the right to sell liquor and the legitimacy of the business, for in that SEIZE THE ARM AND STOP THE KNIFE BE-FORE IT DOES ITS DEAD-LY, RUINOUS WORK 