A Prominent ,Churchman Against Religious Laws in Pennsylvania THE Philadelphia Public Ledger of October 21 printed the follow-ing interesting letter from Profes-sor Hobart, of the Crozer Baptist Theo-logical Seminary, in favor of the repeal of the famous Pennsylvania Sunday Blue Laws of 1794. " To THE EDITOR OF ` PUBLIC LEDGER : ' " SIR: The writer is not a pastor, and there-fore cannot speak for any church. He is a teacher in a theological seminary. But he has no commission to speak for that seminary, or for any member of its faculty. But as a Christian man who re-spects the rights of others to their opinions as much as he claims the right to his own, he wishes to dis-sent from the opinions of those who are insisting that the civil law shall be invoked to keep those who desire from having in a quiet way their own choice of observing Sunday. Those of us who are at all familiar with the religious his-tory of our country know that the Puritans came here to establish a government under which they could worship God as they chose. But they at once set up a law that others might not do so. In their mistaken endeavors to secure a quiet Sunday they persecuted, whipped, or ban-ished many. It was a long struggle. But after a time the laws Š miscalled ' Blue Laws 'Š were either so far changed or in practice banished into ' innocuous desuetude' that men have been allowed to follow their own inclinations so long as they do not disturb the worship of others or impose on others the cruel burden of seven days' work in a week. " Just now there seems to be a recrudescence of that old and discredited idea that men can be regulated in their religious life by civil law. This is unfortunate. It is impossible. It is out of harmony with the only true psychology and the best interpretation of the Saviour's teaching. " I would not be understood as advocating the playing of ball on Sunday. Personally I have no interest in the game any day. I am protesting only at the effort to make men ob-serve the day as a religious day by law. It 12 is right to insist that it shall not be observed in a way to disturb others who wish for a quiet day. It is right to insist that the Christian people who observe it shall give their help a day of comparative rest. But to deny men the right to use on the first day of the week a park in which they have an equal interest with others, as a place for a game which no one accuses of immorality or danger to a community, seems to me wholly erroneous. If the law of the State forbids it, then the authorities are morally bound to observe the law, but the law should be repealed at the next legislature. " This is not said to encourage any to neg-lect the public worship. I would that all attended church. But it is to help put the matter where it be-longs. Civil law cannot make men religious. The only way is for the Christian people to keep the day as they ought, to teach others by precept and example as well as they can, and leave the rest to the influ-ence of the truth. "ALVAH S. HOBART. "Crozer Theological Seminary, Oct. 20, 1919." Philadelphia " Public Ledger " Calls for Repeal of Blue Laws The editor of the Public Ledger makes the following pertinent comments upon Professor Ho-bart's timely letter : " The Public Ledger gives space with pleas-ure to the temperate and well-considered ex-pression of opinion by Professor Hobart, of the Crozer Theological Seminary, in favor of the repeal of the so-called Blue Laws.' He undoubtedly voices the view of a steadily in-creasing body of public opinion on this subject, and if those who feel as be does Š namely, that it is impossible to make men religious by civil law Š would but make known their views with the same earnestness and persistence as are shown by the advocates of the old discredited and obsolete idea to the contrary, then perhaps legislators would have the courage to act up to their convictions. It is morally certain that a majority of the senators and representatives who at the last session of the Pennsylvania Legislature voted against the bill to permit 