30 LIBERTY dom upon which this government was es-tablished. One feature of the convention was a paper read by former Judge Charles R. Pratt. The position taken by ex-Judge Pratt will be indicated in the following letter which appeared in the Elmira Gazette under the title, " Former Judge Pratt Up-holds Religious Liberty Contention: "Š "Editor of the Gazette: Will you kindly allow me space to correct a statement that appeared in yesterday's Telegram in con-nection with the article concerning the work of our Liberty Bureau. The state-ment reads:Š "'Wednesday former Judge Charles R. Pratt read a paper before the Sabbath Asso-ciation which is radically opposed to the doctrines of religious liberty as espoused by the league.' " This mistake, which puts Judge Pratt in the light of opposing religious liberty, was the result of inadvertence upon the part of the reporter, I am sure. It should have read: 'Judge Pratt read a paper be-fore the Sabbath Association which is Łrad-ically opposed to religious legislation as espoused by the association.' "I take the liberty to quote a paragraph or two from Judge Pratt's paper, now in my possession, and by permission, to sus-tain the latter position, as follows : Š "'Sunday as a religious institution, can receive no legal recognition. It is manifest that the religious liberty of the Jew or the infidel would be violated by a compulsory observance of Sunday as a religious insti-tution.' " This is the contention of our Religious Liberty Bureau Š in this Judge Pratt and we can heartily agree, as a religious insti-tution can receive no legal recognition.' As a civil day, it can take its place with Wash-ington's birthday, fourth of ' July, Labor day, etc., and there will be no compulsion about it, nor the clubbingOf the people into assuming reverential attitude toward it. Again, Judge Pratt says : Sunday laws, so far as they require a religious observance of the day, are unconstitutional, and can not be enforced.' " Our Religious Liberty Bureau regards the reading of this paper before the associa-tion as a great victory for the principles we are contending for, and all must see quite clearly that the clear and comprehensive position taken by Judge Pratt upon the question is in favor of the rights, the relig-ious rights of the people, and diametrically opposed to the doctrine and the principles of the American Sabbath Union. " Yours very truly, " JOHN S. WIGHTMAN. '' Sou. Slat, Rttielous Tihortgr Rur "'nu " News and Notes THE question of religious instruction in the State schools is being agitated in nearly all the Australasian States at the present time. I WOULD rather be exposed to the incon-veniences attending too much liberty than those attending a too small degree of it.ŠThos. Jefferson. No conscience was ever convicted by fear of the law. No soul was ever saved by threat of human punishment for violation of a divine command. TRUE religion is a matter between the individual man and his God. When a third party enters to direct in that relation, he prevents the exercise of man's most pre-cious right, and robs God of his most valu-able asset Š pure, undefiled, and unhindered worship. COMMENTING on the situation in France growing out of the agitation and disturb-ances resulting from the recent action of the government to separate church and state, the Outlook declares that " both church and state in France would have been stronger if they had been separated " in the past. THE spirit that lies beneath Sunday legis-lation is revealed by a prominent Methodist minister in Franklin, Manitoba, who says: " When people who call themselves Chris-tians join with Jews, infidels, and outlaws to break down the sacredness of the Lord's day, instituted and observed by Christ, the apostles, and all true followers ever since the day of the resurrection, it is high time they were either boycotted or crushed." THE movement to separate church and state which is now agitating France and Spain, has also appeared in Switzerland. It is reported from Geneva that Switzer-land is considering the question of cutting off the support now given the clergymen of the Lutheran church by each canton. The plan suggested provides a gradual re-duction, until at the end of thirteen years the state, or municipal, contributions to .the church shall cease. THERE has been some talk about the call-ing of a constitutional convention to con-sider the question of an amendment to the Constitution of the United States provid-ing for the election of United States Sen-ators by direct vote. " If such a convention iŁ eit1104." taw +hp C kri clime ctato net 