LIBERTY 7 "') classing Christmas day and Good Friday with Sunday, King Edward indicates his knowledge of the fact that they all rest upon the same authority,Š the command of the church. What King Edward of England has attempted to control by royal edict, Sunday-law advocates are seeking to induce legislators to regulate by legal enactment. In neither case is the cause of true religion advanced. The Truth About Magna Charta Hon. Bourke Cockran's Inquiry Considered ONE of the features of the great Ro-man Catholic Church Missionary Con-gress held in Chicago was the address of the Hon. Bourke Cockran, a represent-ative in Congress from the State of New York, which was characterized as " a comprehensive exposition of the position of the Roman Catholic Church toward the state from the time of Constantine down to the year of our Lord 19o8." The purpose of the orator was to reply to the letters and resolutions of the Lu-therans and the Baptists protesting against President Roosevelt's letter in which he asserted the eligibility of a Roman Catholic to the presidency. One of these letters is printed in another part of this magazine, and they therefore need no further explanation here. In the course of his speech, to which it is said that scores of prelates listened so intently that they were too absorbed even to applaud, Mr. Cockran said : Š Do the reverend Lutheran and Baptist gentlemen realize where we find the po-litical germ of the Constitution? Š We find it in the Magna Charta. Do the reverend gentlemen know that the Magna Charta was wrested from his law-ful sovereign by a Catholic prelate at the head of rebellious barons? . . . The Catholic Church is the champion of progress and the light of humanity. There is not a monument of value in the political world which can not be traced back to the church. The church is the  source, and the only source, from which free institutions have proceeded, and therefore she is the only force which can maintain them. There are some things connected with the history of Magna Charta which " the reverend Lutheran and Baptist gentle-men " probably know, and which the Hon. Bourke Cockran ought to know. HON. BOURKE COCKRAN For the information of any who may not be familiar with this period of English history, and as showing the exact value of Mr. Cockran's eloquent claims in be-half of the Roman Catholic Church, we will state some well-attested facts. After the English barons had com-pelled King John to sign Magna Charta, the king sent a copy of the charter to Pope Innocent III, asking that he ab-solve him from his oath to observe it Šthat is, " that the pope, as God's repre-sentative, should release him from the obligation to obey a promise solemnly made to his own countrymen concerning their own domestic laws and policy." 