EDITORIAL BRIEFS THE sword and the cross should never become allies. tV COMPULSORY religion binds the body in chains and the brain in fetters. !V tV THE throne of the king and the altar of the priest should not dwell under the same roof. No man is good enough to prescribe another man's religion, nor great enough to control his conscience. !V !V A UNION of church and state means that the priest will rtile you by fear, th king by force, and both by both. !V !V SV BIGOTRY and tyranny comprise the re-ligion of his satanic majesty; and when any church fosters it, she becomes the synagogue of Satan." HE who surrenders his soul liberty to save his skin, virtually says, There is nothing worth saving about me but my skin. And since God does not care to save his skin only, he forfeits his right and title to the life hereafter. !V IV !V WHEN the church and the state were united, the priest forged chains for the soul, and the king for the limbs. He who criticized the dictum of the priest was called a heretic, and he who criticized the tyranny of the king was called a traitor. He who spoke against church rule was condemned as a blasphemer, and he who spoke against unjust kingly rule was held guilty on the charge of high treason. The individual conscience was imprisoned; and if it occasionally dared to assert its God-given rights, ec- 132 clesiasticism applied the fagot and mon-archism the scourge. In those days the priest and the king both said, It is dangerous for man to be free. tV THE greatest mistake any man can make is to surrender his individuality for what the world calls respectability. He who has no respect for himself, can have none for others. If he does not believe in sacredly preserving his own convictions, he can never be trusted to safeguard the sacred convictions of oth-ers, when temptation puts him to the test. TRUE Christianity can flourish with-ou t governmental aid. It prospered most when the strongest government on earth was arrayed against it. The argument that Christianity will go down and out unless the state aids the church in the strict enforcement of Sunday laws, is a specious argument, but it is not con-vincing. We are told that the first Sunday law was enacted by Constan-tine in 321 A. D. The church did not recognize this law in its canon law until the Council of Nice, held in 325 A. D. It was during the first three centuries that Christianity gained its greatest vic-tories. During this time there was not a single Sunday law, and the state was then exerting its utmost powers to crush Christianity. The Roman state and church enforced the Sunday laws in later centuries more drastically than they ever have been enforced since. It was this unjust and arbitrary enforcement of religious laws which caused the downfall of both the Roman state and the church. The sooner our state and national gov-ernments eliminate this kind of legisla-tion, the better it will be for both the state and the church. For the church to depend upon the puny arm of man is to deny the divineness of her mission. 