54 LIBERTY religious persecutions against those who ob-serve another day than Sunday as the Sabbath. He has caused the wholesale arrest of Jews and Seventh day Adventists who conscientiously ob-serve the seventh day of the week as their Sab-bath, and who follow their usual vocations on Sunday, which the Virginia statutes permit them to do. The Virginia exemption enacted THOMAS JEFFERSON to protect and safeguard, the rights of all who observe another day than Sunday, reads as follows: " The forfeiture, declared by the preceding section, shall not be incurred by any person who conscientiously believes that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as a Sab-bath, and actually refrains from all secular business and labor on that day, provided he does not compel an apprentice or servant not of his belief, to do secular work or business on a Sunday, and does not on that day disturb any other person." Eighty-five Jews and Seventh-day Ad3entists were arrested in Richmond, and tried before the circuit court of appeals in Richmond on May 14. Two cases were selected out of the eighty-five to make test cases. The editor was present at the trial and took the following notes on the arguments which the commonwealth at-torney made before the court to secure the con-viction of these religious people and deprive them of their rights under the laWs of Virginia. The attorney said: " There is involved in these cases no question of religious liberty. One day should be ob-served as a day of physical rest. The legisla-ture has designated which day it shall be,  namely, Sunday. Sunday is the Sabbath day. These people may rest religiously on some other day than Sunday, but they must also rest phys-ically on the day the legislature has set aside. " The legislature has decided that to follow one's usual avocations on Sunday is a crime; therefore, the court cannot grant a license to any of these people who observe Saturday as their Sabbath to do business on Sunday, be-cause the court cannot grant a license to com-mit crime. The legislature does not want the court to grant a license to do something that they themselves would not do oh Sundays in violation of the day designated by the Virginia Legislature as the day of rest and cessation from toil. If the defendants desire to close on Saturday because of any conscientious religious scruples, there is no reason in the world why they should not do so. But that does not give them the right to violate the sanctity of the first day of the week." Yet Section 3800 of the Virginia Code, quoted in the first column of this page, makes seem-ingly ample provision for the protection from prosecution of real observers of the seventh day. Whatever may be the motive back of the action of the State's attorney, the whole busi-ness looks like an attempt to undo by judicial decision what the lawmakers of the State evi-dently designed to do, namely, to give as nearly as possible under the circumstances the same freedom and protection to the adherents of all shades of religious belief. It will be interesting to note how the com-monwealth's attorney attempted to deprive the Sabbatarians of their rights and immunities granted by this exemption. Instead of en-deavoring to protect their rights as guaranteed by the law, he engaged in capricious and fan-tastic arguments, endeavoring to deprive them of their natural and lawful rights. He said: " This question of exemption is a question for the police power to decide, in harmony with public morals and good order and peace. The practice of laboring and merchandising on Sun-day corrupts the public morals, and disturbs the good order and peace of others. It disturbs the one who observes Sunday when he goes to church and he sees others laboring and mer-chandising on Sunday. It distracts his peace of mind, so much so that he is unable to con-centrate his attention upon the sermon. He may not be bodily disturbed in a physical sense, but he is disturbed mentally. I may be men-tally disturbed while I am addressing this court, by a silent message handed to me, though the message originated and was sent a thousand miles from this place. That message may dis-turb me mentally so as to prevent me from go-ing ahead with this case. While it may not dis-turb me bodily, it may mentally. Who says I am not disturbed, if I am unable to go ahead with this case/ Just so, when people go to church and they see other people at work or merchan-dising, it may disturb their mental peace and equilibrium to such an extent that they are unable to concentrate their thoughts upon the sermon and holy things. It is a question of mental, and not physical, disturbance that is 