8 LIBERTY this country, it itself stands upon papal principles, and is actually linking hands with that church to secure Sunday legisla-tion, and through this the control of the state. As long ago as 1884, the Christian Statesman, official organ of this Associa-tion, under dates of August 31 and De-cember 11, published the following: Š This common interest ought to strengthen both our determinations to work and our readiness to co-operate with our Roman Catholic fellow citizens. We may be sub-jected to some rebuffs in our first proffers, for the time is not yet come when the Roman Church will consent to strike hands with other churches Š as such ; but the time has come to make repeated advances, and gladly to accept co-operation any form in which they may be willing to exhibit it. Whenever they are willing to co-operate in resisting the progress of political atheism, we will gladly join hands with them. This bid for co-operation has been re-sponded to in such matters as Cardinal Gibbons' indorsement of the Blair Sunday Rest bill, in 1888, received by Mr. W. F. Crafts upon his own personal solicitation; Archbishop Ireland's declaration that " the violator of a Sunday law is the worst of criminals," and the like. There is not a Roman Catholic in the world who believes in a union of church and state, that will not indorse National Reform principles, for they are Roman Catholic through and through. The only real point of difference is, Which one shall control the state and enforce his religion? The United States government is already founded upon the " Christian principles " of civil government Š the total separation of church and state. National Reformers pro-test against Catholic tyranny, but are ready ,to set up a tyranny of their own, and to accept Catholic aid in the enterprise, so far as they are willing to give it. Christianity denies to the civil power any authority in matters of religion. It says : " Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." And in any case of conflict be-tween the laws and requirements of the two, it says : " We ought to obey God rather than men." The father and founder of this govern- ment had the goodness and the good sense to recognize this divine principle, and de-clared that " every man who conducts him-self as a good citizen is accountable to God alone for his religious opinions, and ought to be protected in worshiping God accord-ing to the dictates of his own conscience." National Reformism would subvert and overturn all this, and establish a religious despotism here like that which flourished in ages past on the other side of the waters Š which God forbid ! Instead of being an Elisha, the National Reform element is causing this country to be false to its prin-ciples and professions, and is turning it into a veritable " foist prophet." Rev. 19: 20. As to infidelity, the unkind, cruel, perse-cuting spirit manifested on the part of pro-fessed Christians under church-and-state rule has perhaps been the means of making more infidels than any other one thing, unless it be that other unscriptural, cruel, and outrageous twin-sister doctrine,Š eter-nal torment. What more than these drove Catholic France into infidelity and the des-peration of the French Revolution and the Reign of Terror? Viewing Christianity from this unfavorable standpoint, Ingersoll said: " Jehovah is the only Author of a revealed religion that needs the assistance of a state legislature to enforce its pre-cepts." Shortly before he died, he said he had never said a word against heaven; he hoped there was such a place; it was the other place he had been fighting. He said he had been trying to " civilize the churches." It is a pity, indeed, that so many of the churches are so loath to become " civil-ized;" and that they cling so tenaciously to doctrines and doings which have not only made millions of infidels, but have given them occasion to blaspheme. Let those who rant against unbelievers in a perverted Christianity, and call them " that offensive gang," ponder over these things, and remember that the man who holds to Christian principle, though called an infidel, is nearer the kingdom of heaven than he who, styling himself a Christian, denies Christ in deed and doctrine. 