RISKING THEIR LIBERTY FOR THE CAUSE OF LABOR Seated are Samuel Gompers and John Mitchell (with an umbrella), while behind them stands Frank Morrison. These men are appealing against jail sentences n a contempt case arising out of their use of the boycott in defiance of a court injunction 24 LIBERTY Wright's dealing with this feature of the case that has elicited the most criticism. It was the purpose of the Federation to injure the stove company all it could, and as long as it could; yet it is impos-sible that the injunction could be con-sidered in effect until it was really issued; and when issued, it could not be consid-ered retroactive, that is, covering deeds done pre-vious to its issu-ance. B u t the judge holds that inasmuch as the pamphlets were delivered after t h e injunction issued, and the postal officials were the agents of the Federa-tion in de-livering its lit-era tur e, the Federation is guilty of con-tempt of court on this count as well as others which it spec-ifies. While there can be no question that t h e Federation was committing an unlawful act in boycotting at all, there is in u c 11 question whether t h e higher court will hold that the defend- ants are guilty of contempt on this par- ticular count Š that is, guilty of disobey-ing an injunction which was not issued. The Federation organ, of which Mr. Morrison is editor, discontinued the pub-lication of the stove company's name in  its " unfair " and " we .don't patronize " lists, but the same effect was produced by other skilfully worded expressions. Mr. Gompers, in his speeches, made fre-quent reference to the Bucks Stove and Range Company, ingeniously turning phrases so as not to violate the in-junction openly, and yet so as to keep the firm be-fore the mem-bers of the Fed-eration as the enemy of organ-i z e d labor, not on their pub-lished " unfair " list, but still " unfair " never-theless; and Mr. Mitchell, one month after the injunction w a s issued, presided at a meeting of the United Mine Workers of America, in which a resolu-tion was passed which did in ex-plicit terms place the Bucks Stove and Range Com-pany on the " un-fair " list. Now it is claimed by labor leaders through-out the country that the injunc-tion and its en-f or c em e n t infringe the free-dom of the press and of speech which are guaranteed by the Constitution of the nation and the constitutions of all the States. But let it be remembered at the outset that there is something else as well as the freedom of speech and of the press that is guaranteed by the con- 