GROUP OF INDIANS NEAR LAKE TITICACA, SOUTH AMERICA. Pastor F. A. Stahl, Seventh-day Adventist missionary, at the right. 186 LIBERTY " When man undertakes to become God's avenger, he becomes a demon. Driven by the frenzy of a religious zeal, he loses every gentle feeling, forgets the most sacred precepts of his creed, and becomes ferocious and unrelenting."Š Report of House of Representatives on Sunday Mails, March 4, 183o. killed. However, we did not realize the vi-ciousness and ignorance of these priests, nor to what extremes they would go. " One morning we noticed the arrival of two priests, accompanied by a large number of people. Many were on horseback, and some were armed with rifles and shotguns. But as there were among them lawyers, judges, and even men of authority from the near-by town, we could not believe that harm was meant us. Besides, there was a Catholic church near by, and we thought they had come to celebrate some service. We noticed Indians coming from all directions, until there were fully four hun-dred people gathered. " The priests first took the people to the church, where they talked to them for two hours, and then led them to within one block of the house where we were staying. Here they talked again, and we afterward learned that they were in- citing the people to kill us, telling them it would be an honor, and that nothing would he done to punish them. After about an hour they burned a fugate [a sort of skyrocket], which is a signal in these savage re-gions for attack at a bull-fight or anything of that sort; and what was our surprise to see that howling mob being led by the lieutenant gov-ernor, the authority that should have protected us. He was mounted on a large horse, and was calling to the people to surround our house. We thought even then that they were only trying to scare us. But on they came, gathering large stones as they approached. " The first thing they did was to cut loose our five horses and pelt them with stones, so that they ran, frightened, down a ten-foot bank and galloped wildly off over the plain. I tried to stop the horses, but was attacked by the people, who struck me with stones, one stone wounding me severely on the head. I  almost fell, but Mrs. Stahl pulled me into the hut and closed the door, and none too soon, for hundreds of frantic Indians had filled the yard, armed with stones and clubs. They started to beat in the door, but we piled our baggage in front, as there was no way to lock it. In a moment, however, the door was smashed through, and the Indians forced their way in. At that moment I drew a revolver which I always carry because of the wild mountain dogs, and fired three shot, into the air. "This frightened the Indians so much that they withdrew to where the priests were; but the priests advised them to attack us again, and on they came, carrying burning straw in their hands with which to set fire to ow roof, yelling that we would be compelled to leave our refuge, and that they had rifles to shoot us. Above the yelling of the Indians we could hear the laughing of the priests and others. "The Indians with the burning straw climbed upon some piles of stones to light the roof, but as they were about to accom-plish their purpose, the Indian woman who owned the house snatched the burning straw from their hands, and in a moment others " Christianity was never intended to be enforced by law, but only in foro con-scientix; and all attempts at compulsion are now, and always were, diametrically opposed to the teachings of the Author of Christianity. Religious legislation is the heritage that has been handed down to us from pagan times; and in all these laws can be seen the pagan superstitions."-- Thomas Jefferson, quoted in Blakely's " Amer-ican State Papers," p. 224. 