LIBERTY  163 free government by the people must be administered by a free people instructed in the principles of true liberty. The people of this country are losing this knowledge, and will one day speak with the voice of ancient Babylon. In the closing years of the eighteenth and the early years of the nineteenth cen-turies, God launched a movement to en-lighten the world. First, he established this government on Bible principles. Second, he caused the Bible societies to publish the Bible in all languages. Third, a death-blow was given to the temporal power of the Papacy, the or-ganization opposed to the extension of Bible knowledge and religious liberty. Fourth, men were sent into the great heathen world with the overwhelming desire to give the Bible to the people in their own tongue,Ñ Judson in Burma, Carey in India, Morrison in China, and many others. After this was accomplished, God launched a great movement in this coun-try, insisting on the literal teaching of Scripture, and interpretation of symbolic prophecy only. Men who refused the light, rejected the Bible. The next log-ical step was the repudiation of the Bi-ble principles of separation of church  and state in our government, which quickly followed. The Bible is now called a fairy tale, the Declaration of Independence only spectacular rhetoric, and the Constitution has been outgrown. This is all absolute, unmitigated igno-rance ; yet it is the education of today, and that education is antagonistic to the fundamental principles of our govern-ment. God, forseeing all this, prepared a mes-sage for the world, pointing out the time, the place, the thing itself, and the duty of his people in spite of the antagonistic forces which are at work. So while the majority are turning back toward the dark ages, a people has been raised up to go into all the world proclaiming lib-erty. That message found in the Reve-lation is the flaming torch of " liberty enlightening the world." Who cannot see in all this the efforts of the dragon on the one hand to darken and enslave the world, and on the other the counter-working of God to enlighten it? The great controversy between Christ and Satan will soon involve the whole world as a battle-field, and the United States, as the stronghold of lib-erty, will become the chief point of at-tack by the forces of darkness. tV Freedom of Speech JOHN N. QUINN RELIGIOUS organizations in the United States, with a membership of hundreds of thousands, have officially declared their determination that every voice pro-testing against what they, term " our holy religion " shall be silenced. These organizations have the right to silence voices antagonistic to what they candidly believe to be the only true religion, but they must adopt proper methods. Argu-ment must be met by counter-argument, and if false statements are made, the truth must be made known. Argument. persuasion, entreaty, truth,Ñ these and these only,Ñ are the Christian weapons of defense, and when used in the fear of  God and in the spirit of Jesus Christ. will convince the gainsayer and lead men to the true church, in which there is present peace and everlasting salvation. However, methods other than these are proposed, chief among them being the boycott and an appeal to civil authority. The boycott is contrary to the teaching of Christ, who instructed his disciples to feed their enemies, and thus heap coals of fire on their heads, burning away prej-udice and bigotry. Civil authority can never justly be used in a religious controversy, as relig-ion is entirely outside the realm of civil government. Each person has a right 