LIBERTY 121 No man has the right to set himself up as the moral standard of all the com-munity, or of any part of the community except himself. As to the use of the Sab-bath day, every man, so far as personal acts that do not include any acts of law-lessness are concerned, should be the guardian of his own morals.-- Senator Heyburn, in speech against District Sunday bill, " Congressional Record," May 26, 1911. Some may think that this bill is not a religious measure, but a careful ex-amination of its terms and requirements will reveal its unmistakably religious character. A Purely Religious Institution In the first place, Sunday has been recognized as a religious institution ever since Constantine promulgated the first Sunday law, in 321 A. D. For more than fifteen hundred years the lawmaking bodies and the courts of Europe denom-inated and regarded all Sunday laws as religious, enacted in behalf of the churches, to add force to the church rit-uals requiring " attendance at divine serv-ice on Sunday." Chief Justice Clark of the supreme court of North Carolina, in an adverse decision on compulsory Sunday statutes, made the following pertinent com-ments : Š " The first Sunday law, the edict of the em-peror Constantine, was the product of that pagan conception, developed by the Romans, which made religion a part of the state. The day was to be venerated as a religious duty owed to the god of the sun. . . . In the New Testament we shall look in vain for any requirement to observe Sunday. . . . The Old Testament commanded the observance of the Sabbath, . . . and it designated Saturday, not Sunday, as the day of rest. Sunday was first adopted by Christians in lieu of Saturday long  years after Christ, in commemoration of the resurrection. . . . As late as the year 409 two rescripts of the emperors Honorius and Theodosius indicate that Christians then still generally observed the Sabbath (Saturday, not Sunday). The curious may find these set out in full in ' Codex Justin,' lib. I, tit. 9, cx. 13. Not till near the end of the ninth century was Sunday substituted by law for Saturday as the day of rest by a decree of the emperor Leo." Š North Carolina Reports, Vol. CXXXIV, p. 508. Reasons for Religious Controversy This statement from the learned judge sets forth historical and legal facts, and gives Scriptural and historical reasons why a part of the Protestant church as well as the Hebrews still observe Satur-day as the Sabbath instead of Sunday. These claim that no man nor set of men on earth has any right to ask the civil government to enact a law the effect of which will virtually be to decide which day is the Sabbath of Jehovah. No gov-ernment ought to enact laws to compel men to observe church rituals and reli-gious institutions. Such things do not fall within the sphere of civil govern-ment. Nor has a government which has separated religion from its civil enact-ments and guaranteed civil and religious liberty to each individual citizen under constitutional provision, any right to com-pel any man to observe even the religious Those who drew the plan of our national government built the system upon the principle that religion and civil government were to be kept entirely distinct; and, for the most part, all the State governments are constructed upon the same theory. . . . Such is the great American principle in respect to the sphere of civil government.ŠSamuel T. Spear, D. D. There is not a precept in the New Testament to compel by civil law any man who is not a Christian, to pay any regard to the Lord's day, any more than to any other day. Therefore to compel a man who is not a Christian to pay any regard to the Lord's day, more than to any other day, is without the authority of the Christian religion. The gospel commands no duty which can be performed without faith in God. " Whatever is not of faith is sin." But to compel men destitute of faith, to observe any Christian institution, such as the Lord's day, is commanding a duty to be performed without faith in God. Therefore to command unbelievers, or natural men, to observe in any sense the Lord's day is antievangelical, or contrary to the gospel.Š Alexander Campbell's " Mem-oirs," Vol. I, p. 528. 