LIBERTY  171 America, George Washington finished. Let us not forget the rock whence we were hewn and the hole of the pit whence we were digged. The eminent historian Bancroft pays him the following high tribute : " Roger Williams was the first person in modern Christendom to establish civil govern-ment on the doctrine of liberty of con-science. . . . At a time when Germany was desolated by the implacable wars of religion, when even Holland could not pacify vengeful sects, when France was still to go through the fearful struggle with bigotry, when England was gasping tinder the despotism of intolerance, al- most half a century before William Penn became an American proprietary, and while Descartes was constructing mod-ern philosophy on the method of free reflection, Roger Williams asserted the great doctrine of intellectual liberty, and made it the corner-stone of a political constitution. It became his glory to found a state upon that principle, and to stamp himself upon its rising institutions, in character so deep that the impress has remained to the present day, and can never be effaced without the total de-struction of the work."Ñ Bancroft, Vol. 1, pages 254, 255, last rmision. C. S. L. 01 The World's Christian Citizenship Conference TEE Second World's Christian Citi-zenship Conference was held in Portland, Oregon, June 29 to July 6. This con-ference was simply a National Reform institute in expanded form. The pur-pose of these conferences is to make Na-tional Reform ideas and purposes popu-lar both in this country and abroad. The representation from abroad was not large, and the audiences were almost wholly Pacific Coast audiences. There was great disappointment in the city of Portland over the failure of the conference to meet the promises made by the promoters of the gathering. Port-land had been caused to believe that there would be present on this occasion a delegation numbering approximately 20,000 persons, and that a considerable portion of this delegation would be from foreign countries. Portland had raised the handiome sum of '$15,000, and dur-ing the course of the conference about $6,000 more is said to have been raised through gate receipts and hat collections. The firms of the city that subscribed to the $15,000 fund feel that they have paid for something they did not receive. Mer-cantile establishments, railroads, hotels, rooming-houses, and whatever other in- stitutions assisted in raising the $15,000 expected that in some way what they contributed would come back to them. All were disappointed. The newspapers were not slow to express the general dissatisfaction in their editorial columns. The following from the Telegram of July 8 is characteristic of such utter-ances:Ñ There should be perfect frankness about the managers of the World's Christian Citizenship Conference. They did not begin to carry out their contract. They made many promises and fulfilled few. They got a large sum of money and made no accounting for it. They were to bring here not less than twice as many notable foreign speakers as they brought. They were to bring hundreds of visitors where they brought units. They did the very best they could while here to add to their receipts through va-rious means, and succeeded to a degree. Portland was bitterly disappointed in these men. It will not permit other com-munities to have experiences with them without a frank statement of its disap-pointment and the causes of it. This much we owe to ourselves and our neigh-bors. Portland would not get tangled a second time with the promoters of the World's Christian Citizenship Confer-ence, therefore it should not permit its neighbors to get tangled up with them. 