LIBERTY 103 up, but it has pulled down everything it could lay hold upon. It has touched nothing holy but to debase it, nothing unholy but to make it more unholy still. It pleads for liberty ; but it is the liberty to make slaves. It pleads its own rights in the name of the law, but it has made itself a systematic outlaw in every town where its iniquitous activities have been pprmitted. If the genius of the liquor traffic could be shaped into a living creature and made to stalk through the nations with every characteristic faithfully portrayed in soul, in face, in figure. and in purpose, we should see a monster that would strike terror into the souls of men. His eyes are glowing dollars; his heart a fester-ing nest of corruption and greed ; his face hideous in every feature, as ex-pressing the debased workings of his in-triguing brain; his arms the arms of the devilfish equipped to extract the man-hood, the money, and the lifeblood from his victims ; his fingers cruel and poison-ous hooks to hold and to benumb whom-ever he may capture; and his breath a blast of Ł flame, withering and burning and destroying everything before him. And if he must tell his name as he strides through the world, we can hear him say : " I am greed ; I am dishonor ; I am des-olation ; I am anarchy ; I am ruin; I am death." Could the people see some such dem-onstration of what the liquor business truly is, they would find some way to put an end to its cruel activities. Some are beginning to see it, the light is be-ginning to break into many minds, and a way is being found. A State governor with a conscience, when he begins to look upon the wastage and wreckage caused by liquor in his commonwealth, is bound to consider the inconsistency of taking its blood money and permitting the continuation of its ruinous opera- tions. That is why we hear Governor Hanly's eloquent denunciations of the liquor business. That is why Governor Patterson has joined the ranks of the abolitionists. That is why Governor  Foss is a convert to prohibition. That is why eighteen States are now in the "dry " column, and why the leaves of the liquor plant are curling and drying up in many other States. The people are seeing the wicked folly of selling their generation and their own children into the merciless power of a combine that has no other business than to debase and destroy for gain. The New York World, under the heading " A Spreading Drought," speaks thus : Š The " dry " area of the country was appre-ciably enlarged in the Western local elections. A net gain of three counties in Illinois puts more than half the counties on the side of prohibition. No fewer than thirteen of the sixteen counties voting on the question in Michigan went " dry," and reduced the " wet " territory to less than half the counties in that State. In Wisconsin the gains were all on the side of no license, the losses all on the other side. Prohibition is now a movement of few set-backs and many advances. Locally it has ex-panded from town-wide to county-wide deci-sions, and from county-wide decisions State-wide action is a logical step made the more easy to take. Never before in the United States has the liquor traffic been so widely illegalized as it is today. Where the movement will stop, it is too early to predict. Heretofore prohibition has had many promising starts, only to meet later on with equally strong reactionary forces. But heretofore it has been a movement of impulse and emotionalism, while now it has an increas-ingly powerful industrial backing, which is mightily strengthened by the war test of Rus-sia, the action of France, and the testimony of official England to the alcoholic impairment of industrial efficiency. A prohibition which is born only of the stress of war may not long outlast the war. But there runs with or without it all a growth of individual temperance which will abide, what-ever becomes of the effort to impose abstinence upon the unwilling by mere fiat of law. There is a dogged persistency about the present temperance movement that foretells success. The liquor forces take little comfort now in the slogan that " Prohibition does not prohibit." They never did believe it ; and while declar-ing that " prohibition does not prohibit," they were fighting it in every locality where they could find it, for fear it might do the thing they declared it could not 