Sunday Picture Shows The Same Old Deceptive Plea, Š " Desecration of Our Sabbath Day " By Arthur L. Manous ON the Sunday before Christmas Eve last, at Nashville, Tenn., three of the leading moving pic-ture theaters threw open their doors in the " afternoon for the benefit of the Empty Stocking Fund." " No admis-sion was charged, contributions being en-tirely voluntary." This Sunday opening of the theaters was condemned by " the congregation of the Grace Cumberland Presbyterian Church," they voting " unanimously " " against Sunday picture shows, playing even for charity, believing Nashville is capable of taking care of her poor with-out this desecration of the Sabbath." The Waverly Place Methodist Sunday School also unanimously adopted the fol-lowing resolution : " Resolved by the Waverly Place Sunday School, That we most heartily commend our mayor, Hon. Wm. Gupton, in using every power of our city government to prevent the desecration of our Sabbath day. The specious plea of charity, under which some theaters seek to open the way for Sunday theaters, is the same old deceptive plea used by Satan to de-ceive and destroy mankind. " Breaking the Sabbath day is not charity, but the opposite of charity. It tends to destroy religion, the spring of all charity. Our great government is the product of Christian civili-zation, and it cannot last if we disregard and violate the commandments of God, one of which is ' to honor the Sabbath day and keep it holy.' " Those who would destroy the Sabbath are destroying our government and endangering all that is best in our home, our country, and its government. We urge all our people to unite in repelling every effort to destroy the Sabbath, and to support our mayor and all other officials in honoring the Sabbath day and keeping it holy."Š Reported in the Tennessean and American of Dec. 24, 1917. The writer wishes to say that he per-sonally has no interest in theaters, as he never attends them : but he does wish to  call attention to the facts and principles involved. The show managers, who, we presume, are not church people, are condemned and accused by the good church people, of using " the specious plea of charity, under which some theaters seek to open the way for Sunday theaters," which plea, they claim, " is the same old de-ceptive plea used by Satan to deceive and destroy mankind." On the other hand, are not the good church people truly practicing deception by using a similar " old deceptive plea " themselves when they quote the fourth commandment of the decalogue in sup-port of the first day of the week, com-monly called Sunday, as the Sabbath of God, which should therefore be kept holy? Of the two deceptions, which is the greater? In fact, is the theater man-ager,' who doubtless does not claim to be a Christian and who knows that Sunday is not a sacred day, really practicing any deceit at all by opening his theater on Sunday? But what say you, honest reader, of the good church people who wrest the fourth commandment of the decalogue into supporting a day of which it says nothing? Every Sunday school child who is old enough to unite intelligently in " unan-imously " adopting a resolution against Sunday shows, certainly is old enough to know that the fourth commandment of the decalogue names and supports, not the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, but " the seventh day " of the week, commonly called Saturday. as " the Sabbath day " to be remembered and kept holy. The fourth command-ment itself is plain, and reads in full : 77 