26 LIBERTY He who knows what real heart conver-sion is, what personal religion is, what it means to have a personal Saviour, can appreciate what this missionary says. The Hindu and the Mohammedan and every other heathen is perfectly justified in judging that a religion which must be supported and defended by a human gov-ernment can be only of human origin. There is the vulnerable spot in the Na-tional Reform armor, and Dr. Parker pierced it so truly that all who would might see it. He declared also in refer-ence to the enforcement of Sunday-keep-ing that such an undertaking could not " be really a matter for the government. . .. The government must remain neutral on matters of religion." And it is to the interests of true religion that the govern-ment should remain neutral. Religion must rest on its own worth, on its own power to appeal to hearts, or it has no business in this world. Such declarations of truth as contained in Dr. Parker's address were like oases in the desert; for the majority of the speakers favored unblushingly the Na-tional Reform program Š morality by human statute, religion by the civil code, a sabbath made and enforced by the laws of man. The kernel of the conference lay in the Program for United Action for Christian Citi-zens in All Countries This program was presented by Rev. T. P. Stevenson, corresponding secretary of the National Reform Association, and it was the principles contained in that pro-gram for united action that the confer-ence urged the delegates to promulgate in all the nations of the world. That program contains the " gospel " they are expected to carry now to the peoples sit-ting in darkness. It is not the gospel of a personal salvation for sin-sick and per-ishing souls, but the establishment of " national religion " in the governments of earth. The salvation which Jesus Christ came to bring to individuals, that they " might not perish, but have ever-lasting life," this new " gospel " seeks to apply to " nations," that they may not  perish but continue imperishable. The doom which Inspiration pronounces upon impenitent individuals the National Re-form program holds over impenitent na-tions Š as if they had souls to be saved or lost, and as if there were a heaven for saved nations and a hell for unsaved na-tions. That program, in part, reads : Š " Nations are rewarded and punished and sometimes destroyed according to their moral conduct. " The Lord Jesus Christ has been ap-pointed by the Father the moral gov-ernor of the world. Nations, therefore, like all other moral beings, are under his authority, and bound to obey his laws ; but his government is a government of mercy, not of wrath ; for salvation, not for destruction. He offers himself to the nations of earth as their Saviour, and entreats them to accept his grace and yield to his authority, that they may es-cape the doom of impenitent, disobedient nations. . . . " The nation which accepts and is guided by these principles will receive the forgiveness of national sins, and will enjoy the favor and blessing of God. Therefore these principles are vital to national welfare. It follows, moreover, that every nation which accepts these principles ought to make acknowledg-ment of them. " Every Christian nation under the law of self-preservation ought to teach these principles to its citizens. . . . If a nation may thus informally and indirectly edu-cate her citizens, her right to inculcate these principles directly and formally in the schools which she establishes for the training of her future citizens, is a right unquestionable. . . . The Program " It follows, first, That it is the duty of Christian citizens to publish and uphold these principles. Christian citizens in all countries ought to publish these principles and endeavor to persuade their citizens of their truth. " 2. The church, through her mission-aries, literature, and schools, is a great 