LIBERTY 73 " All these things, and more, show that Presi-dent Wilson and the Democratic party are sin-cere in their friendship for the Catholic Church. This is only as it should be, because the Demo-cratic party is the one in which is found al-most ninety per cent of the Catholics.. By an affiance between the Catholic Church and the Democratic party, the ideals of both will be made secure by creating a dominant political organization. This may be proved by actual figures. The country is normally Republican by about three million votes. There is not much doubt that the Catholic Church can give to the Democratic party two million more votes, especially with woman suffrage, because in their devotion to the cause, in their noble devotion to the church, the women of the Cath-olic faith will vote first for its interest. " The Catholics will soon have an opportunity to prove their appreciation of President Will  I say Brother Truett wanted to go overseas as a simple Baptist preaciier, but he was not per-mitted to do so. He had to wear a Y' uni-form or not go. Our boards wanted to send men, but were not allowed to do so. We be-sought, we protested, we did all we could to get some privileges, but nothing could be done The Catholics swarmed over in their clerical garbs and used their special privileges and the great sums given them in the interests of their church. It is in this way that they hope to swing one million boys their way. " Baptists and others have been put at a great disadvantage. The unionizers and the Catholics, working in accord, have had full swing in the greatest times we have ever seen. And they still occupy the war stage, all of it. We must recognize accomplished facts, face the difficulties made for us, get under the heavier burdens, and prove ourselves worthy of our One of the Principal Squares in Rome, Italy son's friendship, and at the same time increase their political prestige and strength." Farther on the writer says: " Every Catholic must awake to his duty and stand by his church and President Wilson." A very prominent Baptist minister of the South, Rev. J. B. Gambrel, in the Baptist Standard of Dee. 5, 1918, calls attention to the following facts in this religious contro-versy : " In the course of events every non-Catholic Christian body in America was barred out of the camps, and the Catholics had free access to the camps for their buildings and their de-nominational work on both sides of the sea. And in a great so-called nonsectarian drive for war-work funds, the Catholics get the raise of $30,000,000 for their special work. Not an-other Christian denomination was recognized in any way. It may be well to say that the Y. M. C. A. did not and could not represent any denomination. I betray no confidence when  ancestors by matching difficulties with a new consecration and valor. One good thing has al-ready resulted. Baptists, of every section of the country, and all shades of opinion on other matters, have been brought' together on the war issues. The first try-out of the Catholic com-bine with the Democratic party in national politics proved disastrous. There are many reasons to believe that the South, after the war issues are settled, will not be so completely shut up to one party. Naturally prohibition and woman's suffrage will soon be settled. We will then face the Catholic issue in politics. No party will live in the South that dickers with Catholicism. The great non-Catholic denomi-nations, sidetracked during the war, will smash sectarianism in politics as irredeemably as the kaiser and his military machine have been smashed, and thousands of true American Cath-olics will help to do it." Dr. R. A. Torrey, dean of the Bible Institute of Los Angeles, also makes the following state-ment concerning this matter: 