‚"\ WHY THERE IS A CRISIS IN BELIEF Jesus said : " Hold fast till I come." Rev. 2 : 25 LIBERTY Ł 41 organic evolution has proceeded, with-out knowing in the least what was the variable organic basis from which the whole process started. . . . " So long as this tremendous hiatus exists in the evolutionary series Š so long, that is to say, as we remain unable to explain or even to conceive how the latest form of non-living mat-ter gave birth to the first form of life Šwe may indeed, if so disposed, deny the possi-bility of a spe-cial act of crea-tion, but we must at the same time ad-mit, if we are honest with ourselves, that we have come to a deadlock. Biological evo-lution is all in the air, because t h e beginning of life is not given by inor-ganic evolu-tion, and we reject the only alterna-tive." That science has been utterly unable to ex-plain the origin of life and how it first appeared, is admitted by its leading rep-resentative, Sir Oliver Lodge, in his lat-est work. He puts the inquiry, and makes the answer in a straightforward way : Š " Granted that the blaze of the sun accounts for winds, and waves, and hail, and rain, and rivers, and all the myriad activities of the earth, does it account for life? Has it accounted for the life of the lowest animal, the tiniest plant,  the simplest cell,Ł  hardly visible but yet self-moving, in the field of a micro-scope? " And science, in chagrin, has to con-fess that hitherto in this direction it has failed. It has not yet witnessed the origin of the smallest trace of life from dead matter: all life, so far as has been watched, pro-ceeds from an-tecedent 1 i f e. Given the life of a single cell, science would esteem itself competent ulti-mately to trace i t s evolution into all the myriad exist-ences of plant a n d animal and man ; but the origin of protoplas-mic activity it-self as yet eludes it." So long as there is no record since the dawn of history that the g a p between non-living and living matter, or the gap be-tween the veg-etable and the animal kin g-dom, or the gap between sentient and non-sentient creatures, has ever been crossed, and so long as evolutionists themselves confess that science can give no explanation of the origin of life, so long there is no convincing basis for the doctrine of evolution. Those who be-lieve the Scriptures still stand on safe ground, and it is a pity that religious leaders have been frightened by the un-proved assertions of science into a prac-tical denial of the inspiration of the Bible. 