LIBERTY 15 decision resting upon that basis is a re-pudiation both of the Constitution of the United States and of the very genius and spirit of American government. We can do no better in closing this article than to give another extract from the decision of the North Carolina Supreme Court above cited : Š If, therefore, the cessation of labor or the prohibition of the performance of any act were provided by statute for religious reasons, the statute could not be maintained. The decision of the District Court of  Appeals is based preeminently upon `;re-ligious reasons," and therefore, in the opinion of the North Carolina Supreme Court,Ł" could not be maintained." Americans must remember that Amer-ican law has Constitutional limitations; that American law cannot find its basis in religious customs so long as church and state are dissevered here; and that American jurists cannot find under church-and-state governments valid prec-edents for their rulings in cases where religious practice or prejudice is in- volved. C. M. S. tfg The Circuit Court of Oregon Declares Sunday Laws Unconstitutional THE same week that the District of Columbia Court of Appeals rendered a decision that Sunday laws are valid and a proper subject for legislation by the Commissioners of the District, the Ore-gon Circuit Court rendered a decision declaring Sunday laws unconstitutional and void, and not a proper subject for legislation by an American legislature. Judge Gould in a lower court of the District a few months previously had also declared Sunday laws not a proper subject of legislation because of their religious character. In the Portland Oregonian of October 28, under the heading " Sunday Law Voided," the following account ap-pears : Š The Oregon Sunday-closing law, Sec-tion 2125, Lord's Oregon Laws, was today declared class legislation and un-constitutional by Judge R. G. Morrow, of Portland, sitting in the Lane Circuit Court. The decision is the result of a test case following the closing on Sun-day of cigar stores, fruit shops, and con-fectionery stores in Eugene by the dis-trict attorney several weeks ago. . . The decree of Judge Morrow held that the law not only. contravened Sec- tion 20, Article I, of the State constitu-tion, but violated the Fourteenth Amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States. " The law is unconstitutional on more grounds than claimed by the defendant," declared Judge Morrow in returning to his decision. Contradictory Decisions It seems strange that two courts of equal authority should render directly opposite opinions upon the identical question involved in the decisions ; and yet it is an easy matter to find legis-lative acts and court decisions on both sides of almost every question of law. Not Justice but Precedents It often happens that American courts, instead of deciding cases in harmony with American jurisprudence, quote the decisions of English courts, and even Roman courts and emperors, in order to sustain a decision that is considerably flavored with religion. We have a striking illustration of this mode of procedure in the recent case of the court of appeals-of the District of Columbia legalizing Sunday legislation 