6 LIBERTY writer, but the principle underlying all Sunday legislation is the same, regardless of the terms in which its advocacy is couched. It means religion by law and salvation by works, which, in the end, means persecution. The true remedy for irreligion is not religious legislation, but conversion, and this can not be effected by coercion. It must come, if at all, through the preaching of the gospel of Jesus Christ, which is the power of God unto salvation. This will  lead to repentance, and will prevail upon men, of their own choice, to " keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus." But the trouble is, neither the commandments of God nor the faith of Jesus require the cbservance of Sunday; hence the call for human laws to enforce its observance. The true Sabbath, the memorial of the true God, is another day, as every one may learn from reading the Sabbath command itself; and this requires no human laws for its support. Faneuil Hall Convention A Religious Liberty Gathering on Historic Ground THE advocates of religious liberty and the equal rights of men met in Faneuil Hall, Boston, on the afternoon and evening of Thursday, Jan. 31, 1907, in a religious liberty convention. It was an inspiring place for such a convention. The very walls seemed to echo the principles of equal and exact justice for all men, which had been expounded there by such men as James Otis. The life-size paintings of such men as George Washington, Samuel Adams, Daniel Webster, and U. S. Grant adorned the walls, and lent impressiveness to the occasion. The tune America, with a setting of words proclaiming the righteousness of a total separation of church and state, was sung by the audience, and an earnest prayer was offered by W. A. Westworth, of Hartford, Conn. Opening Address BY THE CHAIRMAN, H. F. KETRING, SOUTH LANCASTER, MASS. Nearly three hundred years ago there landed on New England's shores a group of Pilgrims who were seeking freedom. They sought a place where they might worship God according to the dictates of their own consciences,Š where they might establish a state without a king, and a church without a pope. Others followed them in the pursuit of liberty, until some-thing over one hundred and twenty-five years ago there was born in this land a nation which declared that it would estab-lish a new order of things. At the begin- ning of the war with the mother country they, through their delegates, gathered in Liberty Hall, Philadelphia, declared their independence. In that document, so dear to every Amer-ican heart, it was declared, " We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights ; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness; and that to secure these rights governments are insti-tuted among men, deriving their just pow.: ers from the consent of the governed." At the close of that long struggle, in which many of our forefathers laid down their lives on the battle-field for the liber-ties which you and I to-day enjoy, there was adopted a constitution, which, in har-mony with the Declaration of Independ-ence, declares that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of re-ligion, or prohibiting the free exercise therof." To-day we have met in convention, with these same principles upon which our gov-ernment was established, and upon which it has been maintained for more than a cen-tury, until it has grown to be one of the greatest nations, if not the greatest, on the face of the earth,Š to maintain these prin-ciples, I say, we have met here in conven-tion to-day. We declare in favor of all good government, and we desire that all forms of good government shall be main-tained, just as the Declaration of Independ-ence declares, that the rights of all men may be secured. 