PARLIAMENT BUILDING, BERLIN, GERMANY 16 LIBERTY perity of the people of the United States than the Russian program would be, we are unalterably opposed to the program which the National Reform Association is determined to carry out in this coun-try ; for that program is, in very large degree, a replica of the Russian regime ; and when it is adopted in this country, freedom of conscience and liberty of speech and of the press will be things of the past. c. M. S. A Striking Admission WE commend the following words from a British weekly to the considera-tion of those who are seeking to make a human sabbath and  blessing to Sunday recreation? It would soon be the favorite day for cup-ties, races, and cricket matches ; and then young men who were fond of sport would have to choose between sport and religion. They ought not to subject them to such a choice. It would be a bad day for religion if Christianity and sport were ever placed in opposition to each other." Professor Andrews is quite candid in acknowledging that Sunday observance is based upon the ordinance of the church. It is the church that has sanc-tioned " the conversion of Sunday into a day of recreation," and the same author-ity may conceivably " withdraw its re-straints " and permit unlimited Sunday recreation. In a later portion of the same paper, Professor Andrews ex- enforce it by human law : Š At the recent meeting of the Congregational Union, Prof. H. T. An;  drews B. A., read a paper on Sunday observ-ance, in which he said, as quoted in the Chris-tian World: Š " If Sunday was not used for the worship of God and the culture of the spiritual life, the sabbath was. broken. They had to look at the question, however, in the light of changed condi-tions, and if it was to be broken it was well to break it in the healthiest manner possible. He could not resist the conviction that it would be nothing less than a national catastrophe if all restraints were re-moved and Sunday became a kind of bank holiday that happened once a week. It would be worse than useless to attempt to get back to Puritan sabbatarianism. He doubted the wisdom of the churches' sanctioning the conversion of Sunday into a day of recreation. If the secular-ization of Sunday led to a dwindling at-tendance at public worship now, what would happen if the church itself with-drew its restraints and publicly gave its  pressed a conviction that " the church must restate its arguments for Sunday observance." The only argument that will help the matter and appeal to the conscience is a " Thus saith the Lord." But such a sanction as this is not to be found. God has never asked men to set apart the first day of the week as a sacred day. The only day he has eyer sanctified is the seventh day of the week, and for the observance of this day there is abun-dance of authority in the Scriptures. There is never any need to restate the arguments in its behalf ; its requirements 