84 LIBERTY based upon economic and natural rights." He persists in telling the people through the daily papers that his agita-tion is not from the religious viewpoint. President Lincoln once said, " You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time." We believe Lincoln's words will be seen to be true in this case. In the Pacific Christian Advocate of Jan. 12, 1916, Mr. Tufts states: Š "A committee of fifty ministers and laymen of Portland, representing fifteen denominations, and members of the Central Labor Council, have drafted a bill to be submitted to the voters at the fall election as a sub-stitute for the old Sunday law. It is a vast improve-ment on ,the exist-i n g statute for which a repeal vote is to be taken. It will give to Oregon one of the best and sanest Sunday rest laws of any State in the Union. It will also provide for one day of rest in seven for the many who do the necessary work of Sunday. The Fed- eral Council of the Churches of Christ of America is advocating such a measure through-out the United States. Only three of the States now have such a law. " The committee of fifty adopted the name of Weekly Rest Day League of Oregon under which to carry forward this movement. Every pastor and friend of Sunday observance is re-garded as a constituent part of the Weekly Rest Day League, and their loyal support is anticipated. No reform will be more helpful to the pastor. It is the legitimate business of the church to preserve this day. And the King's business requires haste. We urge you to press the circulation of the initiative pe-tition." A copy of the aforementioned bill was published in the Sunday Oregonian of Jan. 30, 1916. Observe that Mr. Tufts makes this statement in the Oregonian: " We are not appealing to the State to protect the day  as a sacred institution." It will, in no sense, be a religious measure." His church organ, the Pacific Christian Advo-cate, says, however, " It is the legitimate business of the church to preserve this day." At the International Lord's Day Con-gress held in Oakland, Cal., July 27 to Aug. I, 1915, the president of the Na-tional Reform Association, Henry Collin Minton, D. D., LL. D., whose position among the Sunday promoters should en-title him to announce authoritatively the object they have in mind,Š which often-times is covered, thereby deceiving many people,Šspeaking of Sun-day and Sunday laws, said : Š " We are facing the great question in this congress only as we see it as a religious day.  Primarily and es-sentially it is a re ligious day. All these social bene-fits are inciden-tal." According t o the declaration of their president, they desire the support of civil law for Sun-day as a religious institution, notwith-standing the frequently repeated denial of the real motive behind the movement. Some of the people are conscious of the evil lurking beneath the surface of the expression, " We only want Sunday law to enforce an American sabbath, or a civil sabbath." Dr. Minton said, " Primarily and essentially it is a reli-gious day." Of course it is, and all the people should be informed of the fact, that they may not be ensnared by the plea for a " civil sabbath." Our divine Lord said, " Render . . . unto God the things that are God's." " The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." It being God's, it is therefore the duty of every man to render it to him, not to civil government. .M11.111,11.ŁŁŁ11411.1Ł10.4.4111Ł11.114=11.1. The laws should go no further than iI to protect each man in his rights;  when a law goes further than that in an attempt to make bad people good, it must in the nature of things be futile. We cannot hope to change the i hearts of men by law, and only have i the right to keep them from infring- ing on the rights of others. . . . We have a right to persuade others to our i i 1 way of thinking if we can, but not to I make them criminals by law on mat- ! I ters about which the consciences of i i men may differ.ŠHon. Joseph W. i 1 Folk, in Saturday Evening Post, Feb.; ! 12 , 1910 ! 1 1 .,..,,..o.e..tt. .g..m...o.Ł1...04ŁŁŁŁ"..m.....4ŁŁŁ34m,..ŁŁŁŁŁpot<> 