20  LIBERTY The gospel is the power of God unto salvation to the believer. The agency through which this power is communicated to the church is that of the Holy Spirit. In the " upper room," before leaving His disciples, Jesus promised them a helper. As He looked out into the world, darkened with sin,Ñ a wilderness in which His disciples were to go forth like sheep among wolves,ÑHe well understood that more than the power born of a human confederacy would be needed to meet the organized forces of the principalities and powers of wicked spirits. To comfort them, He said, " And I will pray the Father, and He shall give you another Comforter, that He may abide with you for ever." He was leaving' them, and returning to His Father; but He promised to send them " another," a per-sonal representative and successor, to take His place in His church on earth, till time would end. He promised that He would not leave them orphans. Just as a father, dying, says to his children, " I am going to leave you; but another will come and take my place, who will remain with you forever." 0, what a promise! And on the day of Pentecost, in burning power the Holy Spirit, the third person of the Godhead, came and took His official position in the church. The Book of Acts contains the history of the church immedi-ately following the baptism of the Holy Spirit. This book might well be named the " Acts of the Holy Spirit."  It records what was wrought by the church under the leadership of the Holy Spirit. The tem-poral power of earthly kingdoms gave way before the spiritual power of the church; sinners were converted; and, " fair as the moon, clear as the sun, and terrible as an army with banners," the church went forth " conquering and to conquer." They made no appeal to Caesar (the state) for aid; but everywhere they were opposed by the power of the state: yet they triumphed gloriously. They sought no union or federation it: order to secure power and wax great; for they were already endowed by the Head of the church with a power infinitely greater than the power of all the combined king-doms of this world. The only union the church sought was the union with Christ through the Holy Spirit It is only when the church has lost the power of God, when her grasp on the " sword of the Spirit " has been paralyzed by sin, when  her accumulated iniquity has divorced her from Christ, the real Head of the church, that she seeks, through federations, to lay hold of the sword of Caesar, and by this means endeavors to accomplish that which can be done only through the power of the Holy Spirit. It is with sadness that we see the pro-fessed church of Christ to-day seeking for power by appealing to the state for help. It indicates a moral degeneracy ; it denotes an alarming loss of spiritual strength. It is a sad spectacle, indeed, when a woman turns from her lawful husband, and asks help from strangers. It is equally sad to see the church turning from her professed Spouse, and seeking help from the state. Power to convert sinners will never be obtained by federation. Every such union, or combine, will be wholly abortive. The Holy Spirit is the only agency which can change the sinful, deceitful heart of man. The only power which can stay the incom-ing tide of wickedness, which is sweeping over the land, threatening to carry every-thing to ruin, and before which the pro-fessed church of God stands helpless, is the third person of the Godhead, the Holy Spirit. This is the church's greatest need to-day. Instead of federating, and sending petitions to Congress for help to stem the prevailing flood of iniquity, the church should seek unity with Christ, and send its petitions to the throne of God, and with strong crying and tears, and repentance and confession of sin, seek for an outpouring of the Holy Spirit. When professed Chris-tians confederate as they should with the powerful agencies above, they will have no need of forming worldly and artificial federations to gain control of worldly power Ezra said, " I was ashamed to require of the king a band of soldiers and horsemen 'co help us against the enemy in the way." The crimson blush of shame should likewise mantle the cheeks of every Christian to-day as he witnesses the efforts being made by the professed church of Jesus Christ everywhere to secure, by human legislation, help to do the work given it to do. It is a flag which it is hanging from its masthead as a signal of distress and weakness. Instead of turning to the broken cisterns of earth, let the church seek the living stream of the Holy Spirit, and a pentecostal baptism of power from on high. 