UNIVERSITY OF NORTH DAKOTA, FOUNDED 1883, FRAN N L. MC VEY, PRESIDENT 40 LIBERTY as orthodox churchmen treat it, he be-lieves in perpetual incarnation, which he calls the doctrine of divine humanity. Such teaching is the inevitable logic of evolution. It identifies universal man with God. Divinity inheres in human-ity. Every human being, without respect to character, is God incarnate. As a religion, such teaching is not Christianity, it is pantheism Š Hinduism pure and simple. It identifies God with all the lust, greed, cruelty, and deviltry that stain human history. It is with this religion ( ?) that much of the college teaching of our day is infiltrated, and the worst feature of the case is that it has invaded even the sacred desk. Is it any wonder that the outstanding mark of present-day society is spiritual unrest? that the cultivated classes of our young people are spiritually halting and even bewildered? Is it strange that the great Protestant churches have become powerless to attract young men and women to their services ? Evolutionary pantheism wholly excludes the idea that man is a sinner, and therefore in need of spiritual salvation ; it puts the doctrine of divine redemption outside the pale of serious consideration. In a return to Christ and his Bible is the only hope of salvation for either society or the indi-vidual. San Francisco, Cal. - Ł -.ŁŁŁŁ.- Ł The God of the Bible and the God of the Sabbath W. W. PRESCOTT IN these days when there are gods newly come up whom our fathers feared not, it is worth while to consider anew the test which will distinguish the one true and living God from the product of men's imaginations. The first statement made in the reve-lation concerning the God of the Bible is expressed in these words, " In the begin-ning God created." From this first sen-tence in the first book of the Holy Scrip-ture to the last book of this sacred volume, the difference between the God of the Bible and the gods of the heathen  is continually defined to be this,Š that the God of the Bible is the Creator of all things, and therefore the rightful Owner and Lord of all things, while the gods of the heathen are utterly devoid of this creative power. This contrast between the true God and the false gods is clearly delineated in the following scripture: Š " Thus shall ye say unto them, The gods that have not made the heavens and the earth, even they shall perish from the earth and from under these heavens. . . . The portion of Jacob is not like them : for he is the former of all things; and Israel is the rod of his inheritance : The Lord of hosts is his name." Ter. 1o: 11-16. This is but one o f many instances where the same truths are em-phasized, and the vital difference between the true God and the false gods plainly declared. As we are concerned with only one God, the God of the Bible, so are 