LIBERTY 5 men are departing from the true prin-ciples of religious liberty to know there are newspapers that dare to defend free- dom of conscience. B. C. R. The Seed From the Mummy's Hand THERE is no greater danger looming up in our country to-day than the danger that lies coiled in the demand for relig-ious legislation. To make its stroke ef-fective, it proposes to drive its fang into the very vitals of our national life. The publishers of this magazine believe that " eternal vigilance is " still " the price of liberty." He who strikes at our Consti-tution so to alter it as to make religious legislation permissible under it, strikes at the liberties of the people which are guaranteed by it. He who has enjoyed the blessings of soul freedom ensured by the fundamental law of our land, makes a poor return for his privileges when he proposes to transform, out of all sem-blance to itself, the Constitution which has protected his liberties and guaranteed to him equality of privilege and equality of legal standing. Wherever we see men advocating such a metamorphosis of our national Constitution as will make pos-sible here a union of church and state (or religion and the state, which means exactly the same), we see our country's most dangerous enemies. As a handful of seed was held in the hand of an Egyptian mummy for three thousand years, so this seed of oppres- sion and persecution has been held in the hand of a certain religious organization since the time when American colonial governments were fining, whipping, im-prisoning, exiling, mutilating, and hang- ing Christian men and women for dif- ferences in religious belief. Shall we take such seed from such a hand for our planting? Does America need such a crop? Surely our courts are busy  enough as it is, and our prisons are full enough as it is, without adding to our lists of criminals the men and women who do not believe and think a§ we do, or worship as some body of men direct. But that is the kind of harvest we shall get from that kind of planting. To avoid such a baleful consequence, let us see to it that this advice of Hon. William Mc-Kinley, given in San Jose, Cal., May 31, 1901, is carried out to the letter: Š To us, my fellow citizens, young and old, the preservation of that Constitution is committed. It is a sacred document, and it is a sacred trust, given to us to see to it that it is preserved in all its virtue and in all its vigor, to be passed along to the generations yet to come. There is a vast difference between the planting of the mummy seed for a new crop of old dissensions and strifes and persecutions, and the planting and nur-turing of such sentiments as those of our martyred president. The program of the National Reform Association, the federated churches of America, the In-ternational Reform Bureau, the Amer-ican Sabbath Association, etc., is dia-metrically opposed to the proposition of President McKinley, and to the guaran-tees of soul freedom which our Constitu-tion holds forth. Which planting will America choose? Which will you choose? c. M. S. The "Blue-Laws " Defended A BRIEF editorial in the Washington Star of April io, headed " Blue-Laws," runs as follows : Š A former governor of Connecticut is out in a defense of the so-called blue-laws of that State. His argument is that they were not so very blue for their time. And he is probably right. Too much present-day ridicule of those enactments is based upon an appraisement of them as compared with present-day enact-ments. They would not answer now. They were none too serviceable then. 