14Ł1111114141MIN  HŁ11.11.1Ł1111.rinm.4 ir.1141MM11.0.11 LIBERTY' "Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Lev. 25: 10. VOL. X FIRST QUARTER, 1915 No. The Meaning of the European War The Sick Man of the East Committing Suicide THE EDITOR NEVER before in the history of the world have men's ideals been so suddenly and completely shattered. Just at the moment when the churches and peace societies were giving the cry of " peace and safety," and nations were signing peace treaties agreeing not to learn war any more, the greatest war of the cen-turies burst upon the world. The bright hopes of those who predicted a millen-nial reign of peace on earth, to begin in 1914, were ruthlessly blasted. A spirit of inquiry as to the meaning of these things is taking possession of all classes of people, among both the learned and the unlearned. Yet amid the distress and perplexity of men and of nations that are groping their way in the darkness, there is a beacon light set up to show all wanderers the safe way. In this dark night of sin and woe, of despair and misery, of carnage and death, there is one bright star of hope which shines forth from the thick clouds of mystery and illuminates the future path-way of the pilgrim who is in search of a better land. This monitor of light, which shines brighter and brighter as time goes on, is the Sacred Volume from heaven. Above the din of battle and conflict such as the world has never witnessed  before, the voice of God is heard, and the divine hand is seen, as nations rise and fall in the struggle for supremacy. Fourteen long chains of prophecy are re-corded in the Bible. Some of these prophecies reach more than three thou-sand years into the past, and give us way-marks from that far distant point to our own time, and show us what we may ex-pect in the future. Every one of these long chains of prophecy terminates with one of four events; namely, the final judgment day, the second coming of Christ in power and great glory, the res-urrection of the dead, or the reestablish-ment and restoration of the everlasting kingdom of God on earth after the de-struction of all rival earthly kingdoms and governments. A Few of God's Prophetic Witnesses Centuries before Nineveh was de-stroyed by Nebuchadnezzar of Babylon, Cyaxares of Medo-Persia, and Necho of Egypt, the prophet Nahum said that Nin-eveh was to be covered with abominable filth, should never be inhabited again, and its ruins were to become a gazingstock to the world. One hundred and four-teen years before Cyrus was born, the prophet Isaiah predicted that a ruler by 5 