70 LIBERTY gious worship practiced or held sacred by any citizens of the United States." In a letter from Thomas Jefferson to Dr. Jas. Currie, dated Paris, Jan. 18, 1786, the father of the Declaration of Independence, re- ferring to press altercations against Mr. Jay, regretted that he should have permitted him- self " to have his peace of mind so much dis-turbed by any individual who shall think proper to arraign him in a newspaper. It is, however, an evil for which there is no remedy; our liberty depends on the freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited without being lost." And in a letter to Thomas Seymour, 1807, Jefferson held the same views. Of course we well know that there is a dif-ference between liberty and license, and I have no doubt that there is cause for offense on the part of some periodicals in the minds of those who stand for the character of legislation pro-posed in the Fitzgerald and Gallivan bills. But I submit, Mr. Chairman and gentlemen, are there not laws upon our American statute books which protect men and women from libelous and defamatory statements? I believe there is ample facility afforded by our laws to protect every individual from libelous and untruthful reports, whether they be printed in a daily paper or magazine. A recent deci-sion handed down by the federal court at Joplin, Mo., in which a Wheeling, W. Va., Catholic priest (Rossman) was awarded a ver-dict for $1,500 against a certain publication (the Menace) for having published a defam-atory untruth against the priest, sustains this contention. . . . Now, I am not in favor of scurrilous or obscene matter going through the mails. I am opposed to it, but I think when we legis-late here for all the people of this country each and every individual should have redress somewhere, some place of appeal. Under that amendment an ipse dixit of whoever happens to be Postmaster-General at the time is abso-lutely conclusive of what is and what is not objectionable under the proposed amendment. So in my view there is law enough at pres-ent, and if the Postmaster-General will exer-cise to the full his discretion in the premises as to what matter is scurrilous and libelous and tends to incite or create a disturbance of the peace or good order, the law is ample. I trust that this committee will not recom-mend the placing in the hands of any one man such a censorship of the press as is con-templated by Łthe legislation under considera-tion. Statement of Prof. W. W. Prescott The paper by Prof. W. W. Prescott, editor of the Protestant Magazine, which was inserted in the report of the hearing, reads (in part) as follows: Š We are agreed that liberty does not mean license, and that freedom of the press does not mean the privilege of printing and circu- lating whatever one pleases without being re-sponsible to any one for it. Our disagreement would probably appear when we attempt to define the legitimate restraint which should be placed upon publishers. . . . I strongly maintain that publishers should be allowed the greatest freedom to print what-ever they please without any governmental censorship, and that they should then be held strictly accountable under those laws which define libelous or defamatory matter, and those which are designed to protect business interests by punishing those who print and circulate untrue statements damaging to one's financial affairs. I am, therefore, constrained to oppose the bills H. R. 20644, introduced by Mr. Fitzgerald of New York, and 2078o, intro-duced by Mr. Gallivan of Massachusetts, and for the following reasons :Š Too Much Power in One Man's Hands Mr. Fitzgerald's bill would invest one man who is himself not elected by the people, but appointed to his position, with the power to destroy the business of a publisher without affording any opportunity for trial by jury ac-cording to regular court practice. The punish-ment which may be inflicted upon a publisher by the Postmaster-General under the provi-sion of this bill is most severe, absolutely de-priving him of the privilege of using the United States mails even for legitimate pur-poses. I submit that the giving of such power into the hands of one man who is himself not responsible to the people, is a long step toward tyrannical power over the press, and that it could bring only unmitigated evil to the coun-try. . . . The bill introduced by Mr. Gallivan, if strictly construed, would absolutely prohibit the expression of any adverse criticism upon any religious tenet whatsoever. Certainly no court in the country would hold such a law as con-stitutional in view of the First Amendment to the Constitution, which provides that " Con-gress shall make no law . . . abridging the freedom of speech or of the press." Unconstitutional and Indefensible Chancellor Kent, a recognized authority on American law, has given a broad interpreta-tion to this amendment: Š " It has, accordingly, become a constitutional principle in this country, that ' every citizen may freely speak, write, and publish his senti-ments, on all subjects, being responsible for the abuse of that right, and that no law can rightfully be passed to restrain or abridge the freedom of speech, or of the press.'"Š" Com-mentaries on American Law," James Kent, New York, al& Vol. II, sixth edition, page r7. 