80  LIBERTY forced by the civil authorities, but we must constantly resort to military force, our boast of freedom is but idle, and, at least, we should refrain from the expres-sions of indignation in which we have re-cently been indulging at the invasion of the rights of civilians by the army in Germany. The next topic discussed in the ad-dress is the freedom of the press, and a court case in Minnesota is cited. A law had been passed in that State prohibit-ing newspapers from printing detailed reports of the execution of criminals, and the Pioneer Press Company of St. Paul had been indicted for an infraction of this law. In the trial the court held that the statute in question did not de-prive the publishers of any Constitutional right. We quote again from Judge Cul-len's address : Ñ In answer to the appellant's argument that there were no Constitutional limita-tions upon the press unless the subject matter be blasphemous, obscene, sedi-tious, or scandalous in its character. the learned court said : " This is alto-gether too restricted a view. The prin-ciple is the same whether the subject matter of the publication is distinctly blasphemous, seditious, or scandalous, or of such character as naturally tends to excite the public mind and thus indirectly affect the public good." With the great-est deference to the learned court, I in-sist that the doctrine asserted in this opin-ion is fatal to the liberty of the press. If it is a correct exposition of the law, the famous decree of the Star Chamber forbidding unlicensed printing, held up to execration in free countries for cen-turies, has been the subject of unmerited obloquy. Surely, if government can prohibit the publication of anything that tends to ex-cite the public mind, it is much wiser that nothing should be published that has not been properly censored. I believe that on many subjects it is right that the pub-lic mind should be excited, despite of whatever disadvantage may come from that condition, and I had supposed that it was the inalienable right of the press to excite the public on the stibject of any  wrong, so that that wrong might be re-dressed. The tendency of one class to obtain legislation which interferes with the rights of other classes is next considered, and some rather plain language is em-ployed : Ñ In the domain of commercial and in-dustrial activities have been the greatest attempts to restrain individual activity and liberty. The members of nearly every vocation have sought, and often se-cured in their own interest, legislation which invades the rights of the rest of the community and, at times, the rights of some of their own members. . . . Nor are the professions free from the same spirit. Surely there is no nobler, none so charitable and unselfish a pro-fession as that of the physician. Yet, the persecution which some of the physi-cians seek to inflict on the Christian Sci-entists is discreditable. Personally, when ill, if compelled to make a choice, I pre-fer the attendance of the physician to that of the minister, but others may en-tertain a different view. It took centu-ries of time and untold human suffering to establish the right of a man to be saved or damned in the next world in his own way. And the right of an adult sane person to be cured or killed in this world, in his own way, seems to me to be equally as great, unless his disease, being conta-gious, endangers others, and even in that case it is difficult to see how the attend-ance of the Christian Scientist can in-crease the danger. Doubtless the re-quirements of technical education and skill prescribed as conditions for a license to practice as a physician are proper. In default of such requirements, we should be subject to be imposed upon by im-postors and charlatans. But no one, however, can be deceived by the Chris-tian Science reader except as to the ex-tent of the special intervention of the Deity in human affairs. As to that, a man has a right to believe what he chooses, and the further right to act on his belief. In all Christian churches prayers are offered for the recovery of the sick, and all decent Christians, Friends possibly excepted, believe in sup-porting their clergymen. The Christian 