LIBERTY 143 day of physical rest. They worshiped the day instead of worshiping upon the day. That which God designed as a blessing, not merely to them but through them to the entire world, was by them converted into a curse to mankind. Jesus spent the day in arduous labor, apparently working harder on that day than upon any one of the others. It was on the Sabbath day that Jesus made an ointment of clay and opened the eyes of the man who was born blind. " There-fore said some of the Pharisees, This man is not of God, because he keepeth not the Sabbath day." Ł It was on the Sabbath day that Jesus healed the impotent man at the pool of Bethesda, and commanded him, " Rise, take up thy bed, and walk." The Jews said, " It is the Sabbath day : it is not lawful for thee to carry thy bed." " Therefore did the Jews persecute Jesus, and sought to slay him, because he had done these things on the Sabbath day." John 5:16. Had Jesus remained idle on that day, they would not have molested him. He was persecuted because he went about doing good on the day. Merely to get people to abstain from physical toil and spend the Sabbath in idleness does not disturb Satan very much. On another Sabbath day, the disciples who accompanied Jesus in his work, being weary and hungry, in passing through a corn-field plucked the ears and did eat. The Pharisees said, " Behold, thy disciples do that which is not law-ful to do upon the Sabbath day." On still another Sabbath a man with a withered hand stood before Jesus. It was a chronic condition. There was no im-mediate need that he should have atten-tion. He could as well have been put off until the next day. The Pharisees knew this, and felt they had a strong case. They asked the question, " Is it lawful to heal on the Sabbath days? that they might accuse him." Jesus replied, " It is lawful to do well on the Sabbath day,"  and he healed the man. " Then the Pharisees went out, and held a council against him, how they might destroy him." Jesus was crucified because he kept the Sabbath day, by a people who considered themselves Sabbath keepers and him a Sabbath desecrator. When Jesus was accused of working on the Sabbath, he made no denial. He justified his course by referring them to nature, and saying, " My Father worketh hitherto, and I work." God's blessings are constant. Angels of God are constantly going to and fro ministering " for them who shall be heirs of salvation." They do not cease their work on the Sabbath day. The demands upon them are greater on that day than on any of the others, for more favors are asked of God upon the Sabbath day than on other days of the week. God does not wait until the close of the Sabbath to grant these requests. Heaven's work never ceases, and man should never cease from doing good. He who was accused of being a Sab-bath breaker, was in reality the only Sabbath keeper, the true representative of the Father, the one who came " to magnify the law, and make it honorable." The Jews, who claimed to keep the Sabbath, brought it into dishonor and disrepute. They had the Sabbath under-neath their feet. All their fastings, and prayers in the temple, could not take the place of the service which God designed they should render the needy on the Sab-bath day. He called upon them to deal their bread, physical and spiritual, to the hungry, to bring the .neglected ones to their homes, to cover the naked, etc. This was a work that was in keeping with the Sabbath commandment. " Then shalt thou call, and the Lord shall say, Here I am." " Then shall thy light rise in obscurity," and " thine health shall spring forth speedily." Isa. 58: 8-14. Thus the Sabbath day would be a blessing to all mankind. 