,LIBERTY 9 some of its people at least, of their God-given rights. May God give us strength to stand for the right. The Chairman : Long may these prin-ciples live. Pastor F. C. Gilbert, of Boston, who has been converted from among the Jews, that ancient people of God, who lost their lib-erties because they did not recognize their Saviour, will now address you. I know that you will all be pleased to hear from him concerning the rights of the Jews. Just as surely as a Jew is a man, he has rights ; and as the former speaker has de-clared, the government has not created them ; they are God-given ; and it is the duty of this and every other government to secure them to the Jews. Religious Liberty and the Jews ADDRESS BY PASTOR F. C. GILBERT, OF BOSTON, MASS. I believe it was Robert Burns who once said, " For a' that and for a' that, a man's a man for a' that." And I think we all here agree that that is so; that whether a man is a black man or a white man, a mulatto man or a Jew man, he is a man ; and inasmuch as he is a man, he has been endowed by his Creator with' certain inal-ienable rights. Some one has truthfully said that the Jews, as a people, are a great deal like the burning hush of Horeb. You remember that when Moses was tending the sheep of his father-in-law Jethro, one day in his wanderings with the sheep in the wilder-ness, he came across a bush. It was burn-ing, and it continued to burn. But the peculiarity about it was that it did not burn up. So for three thousand years, al-most every nation has been burning the Jew. But, like that bush at Horeb, he is not burned up yet. But this is true, that every nation that has persecuted the Jews has, in a large measure, fulfilled that divine utterance made by Jehovah himself to Abraham, the father of the Jewish race : " I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee." Look at Rome, how she persecuted the Jews; but where is Rome to-day? Later Spain tried it; but where is Spain to-day? During the last twelve hundred years Rus- sia has been working hard at it, and is still at it; and Russia herself is almost crum-bling to pieces to-day. As we read the history of the Jewish people, if we yet have left in us a little of the milk of human kindness, we must still feel a certain amount of sympathy for them, when we consider how they have been persecuted, and how they are still being persecuted. It was soon after the Spanish Inquisi-tion was instituted (and the main object of that institution was not against the Christians; it was instituted for the Jews), Š it was soon after this that Russia began to persecute the Jews ; and she continued to do this for several centuries, until a terrible lamentation went up from the thousands and millions of Jews in that far-off land, that somewhere, somehow, some-way, sometime, even in this life, there might be found in this world some spot where the Jew might have, in a measure at least, some freedom, some hope, some liberty, for which he had bled and suffered and died these hundreds and thousands of years. So when the time came when this coun-try was established as a nation, word was sent over to Russia, to Poland, to Germany, to Austria, that there was a country rising in the West where men could have liberties and rest and peace, even though they were Jews. True, the Jews as a people, lost their lib-erty because they rejected their Messiah; but when they saw this country coming up, their hopes revived,. and they began to breathe a little more freely. They said, Can it be that there is yet hope' in this world of getting one's rights? So the Jews began to pour into this country by the thousands. George Washington, at a congregation in Providence, R. I., in speaking of the Jews in this country, said that here the Jew might sit under his own vine and fig-tree, because here there were no differ-ences between man and man, no discrim-inations religiously ; that here the Jew could enjoy the rights and privileges and pleasures that are accorded to all other men. And to-day as the Jew enters New York harbor and looks upon that great Bartholdi statue of Liberty, he begins to wonder what it means. He has heard about liberty ; he 