166 LIBERTY " to secure such an amendment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and so indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all the Christian laws, institu-tions, and usages of our government on an undeniably legal basis in the funda-mental law of the land." California already has a law provid-ing for a day's rest in seven ; but this is not sufficient to satisfy these well-meaning people, who bold to the erro- stands upon tradition, the decrees of church councils, civil enactments of the Dark Ages, and such reenactments of those decrees as have been made in mod-ern times. It is astounding that in en-lightened America those who favor the enforcement of religious laws by the civil power should be able to secure Sunday laws in almost every State in the Union. These same organizations are now be-sieging Congress in an effort to bring about the enactment of a national Sun-day law. When this is secured, it will be but a step to the passage of such Copyrigh Underwood & Underwood, New Ye,* FRENCH TROOPS MARCHING TO MEET '1'IiE GERNI ANS neous view that because national and state governments Š " the powers that be " Š are ordained of God, they may properly enact and enforce religious laws. These Christian people do not see clearly that while man's proper rights, and his relations with his fellows, must of necessity be protected by civil laws, his spiritual relationship to God cannot, of right, be a subject of civil legislation. One man has no right to command an-other to believe or not to believe, on pain of punishment by the courts. The found-ers of the American Republic saw this when they declared in the First Amend-ment to the United States Constitution that " Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Sunday is a religious institution. Al-though the Bible gives it no support,, it  national Constitutional amendments as will throw down the bars to all kinds of oppressive religious enactments. If it is right to compel the public by fines and imprisonment to observe Sun-day as a day of rest, it also is proper to force people to go to church on that day. If religion may properly be en-forced by law, the state may rightfully compel all men, good or bad, to be bap-tized, partake of the sacrament, attend mass, and even worship the Virgin Mary. But if the man is not convinced that these are right, if his conscience does not con-sent, he is not made better by the state law. He is made worse ; for he is a hypocrite. And who shall say whether the baptism shall be by sprinkling, pour-ing, or immersion? Š The state, for-sooth! Then if sprinkling is sufficient, how will the Baptists conform? If the 