LIBERTY 27 but of retrogression, and a law fostering such conditions can not be founded on equity. The Agitation in Its Behalf At about the time of the introduction of this bill into Congress, a systematic agitation was inaugurated in the District of Columbia by the Ministerial Alliance of the District in favor of a stricter ob-servance of Sunday. The organization of this campaign took place in St. Stephen's church (Episcopal), in Wash-ington, in November, 1907. On the twenty-fifth of that month a meeting in the interest of the Sunday-law cam-paign was held in the First Presbyte-rian church, and Rev. Wallace H. Rad-cliffe, pastor of the church, was made chairman of the organization, whose chief purpose should be to create senti-ment in favor of a Sunday law for the District, and work for the passage of any bill designed to enforce Sunday ob-servance upon the people. At this meeting Catholics and Protestants (ex-cept Seventh-day Adventists) united their influence and power, pledging each other to work shoulder to shoulder to wring from Congress a law that would compel the observance of Sunday. The various speakers at this meeting dep-recated the fact that there was now no civil law to which they could appeal for the enforcement of Sunday observ-ance. It certainly did appear that with no law, either human or divine, the Sun-day institution was in a bad way. But the lack of a divine command did not cause the convention as much concern as did the lack of a human law. It perhaps need hardly be said that the religion which looks to an earthly government for its commands and exam-ples in matters of religious faith and practise is hardly an affair of the con-science, of the heart, and of serious con-viction. And the preaching that is of no avail when the government's example is against it, is not the kind of preaching that will do any harm to the kingdom of darkness or reap any very beneficial  results for the kingdom of righteousness. At this meeting a committee was appointed to formulate a pastoral letter to be given out in the various churches on the second Sunday in January, after each pastor had preached a sermon on Sunday observance. A committee was also appointed to arrange for another mass-meeting, and this committee was formed of laymen as well as clergymen, in order that it might not be embarrassed as was the committee of the previous year when asked by the District Com-missioners whether the movement they represented was not simply a ministers' movement. Sunday, January 12, was symposium day in the District, all the ministers of the District save the Baptists (and of course the Seventh-day Adventists) de-manding, in their sermons, better Sun-day observance, and a national law to bring it about. Just previous to this Sunday sympo-sium the Seventh-day Adventists of the District issued and distributed, system-atically a pamphlet protesting against re-ligious legislation, and setting forth the binding obligation of the true Sabbath. The newspapers took it up, publishing the Sunday sermons of the Sunday-law advocates, and lengthy extracts from the pamphlet mentioned, setting forth the reasons for opposition to such a law. Haw the Matter 8(octo Stands Soon after this mass-meeting, and due to the agitation of the Ministerial Alli-ance, bills began to be introduced into Congress for the stricter observance of Sunday. Among these was Senate Bill No. 3940, introduced by Mr. Johnston, of Alabama, on January 14, which, with certain amendments, was reported back May 1, 1908. That is the bill quoted in full at the beginning of this article, and that bill passed the Senate, May 15. It did not pass, however, without most ear-nest protests from the advocates of re-ligious liberty. The memorial prepared by the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists against such legislation 