LIBERTY of any really indecent papers or magazines going through the mail, and the Postmaster-General has sufficient power at the present time to'deal with indecent papers. . . . Why is not the issue met fairly and squarely? If the Menace is printing the truth, which many papers are afraid to publish, the Roman Cath-olic Church should clean up, and not plead the baby act. This country is no place for eccle-siastical jails; every institution should be open to the light of day, and if any inmate wishes to leave, unless sentenced by a court of law, he should be permitted to do so. . . . I sin-cerely hope, Mr. Chairman, that this honorable committee will never report favorably to the Congress of the United States such laws as these which infringe upon freedom of speech and freedom of the press. I do not believe in unbridled license, Mr. Chairman, but would protect the freedom of the press and freedom of speech. Rev. Clarence A. Vincent, who claimed to represent 800,000 Congrega-tionalists in the United States, as well as the Protestant Federation of Massa-chusetts, opposed the measures because they " would turn the wheels of prog-ress back centuries; would destroy our liberties; would curse Protestants, Jews, and Catholics alike." Dr. Vincent con- tinued: Š We do not propose to be put in a position where we have to choose between filthy and indecent publications and political or religious attacks. There is no such question up. Let all decent people stand together to destroy all obscene literature and pictures. But what we want to do is to avoid a situation where any church, political party, or industrial power can practically destroy the paper or declaration of principles of any opposing church, party, or group. It is, indeed, a radical and danger-ous change that is hinted at in these laws. We are also opposed to taking papers out of the mails before they are tried in the courts. These laws would, by keeping them out of the mails, destroy the paper, or book, or declaration of principles before any court would reach a decision. But these laws go still farther, they leave entire power in the hands of the Postmaster-General. The ag-grieved party has no recourse to the courts. Think of it, the law puts the supreme power in the hands of one officer who is appointed, and the American people could have no hand in choosing such a literary czar. The free-dom of the press would be gone, and with it the liberties of the United States would be destroyed. Eighty-five millions of people would be aroused by the passing of such a law, and if there were no way of protecting  their liberties, they would resort to arms. Many Roman Catholics are as anxious for the freedom of the press to remain as are the Protestants and the Jews. They are frank to say that they do not want the freedom of the press to be limited in any other way than by appeal to the courts. The Secular League and various sec-ularist organizations were represented at the hearing by Mr. John D. Bradley, of Washington, D. C. He presented a strong resolution from these organiza-tions, protesting against the enactment of any such legislation, denominating the proposed measures as " an indefensible and astounding attack on the rightful and essential liberty of American citizens and on vital and fundamental principles of our republic and of modern civilization." He contended that the proposed meas-ures would Š exclude from the mails of the United States some of the productions of one of the most eminent citizens of this country, a gentleman resident in his own city, Boston, Dr. Charles W. Eliot, president emeritus of Harvard Uni-versity, who within the past few years has de-livered some notable addresses, particularly two on " The Religion of the Future " and " Twentieth Century Christianity," which were the objects of criticism and attack by the press and representatives of both Roman Catholi-cism and orthodox Protestantism, on the ground that they were reflections upon and inimical to these forms of religious faith. And unquestionably they were. Under the gentleman's measure these and other produc-tions of this eminent scholar and cultivated gentleman would not be permitted to circulate through the mails. . . . Under this measure anything that chose to draw about itself the robes of religion would be removed from the realm of free discussion and elevated to a position of exemption from criticism. The passage of such a measure, Mr. Bradley declared, would put the liberty of the press " at the mercy not alone of the Postmaster-General, but of anybody and any interest which chooses to repre-sent to the Postmaster-General that a publication is a reflection on any form of religious worship.' A more outra-geous and astounding proposition could not be conceived." The last to address the committee was 