44  LIBERTY the gospel, were themselves slaves to the cigarette habit, and were ruined by it. Another proof of the effect of tobacco on the mind is that it weakens the will- power. I have heard many a person say, " I will stop," and a few days later have met him still smoking. There is but one sure way for one who is addicted to the use of tobacco to obtain release from its thraldom, and that is to ask God for strength. In his own strength, man can never obtain nor maintain his freedom, for the poisons have taken too great a hold on him. His will-power is largely destroyed. An eminent oculist declares that to-bacco using is the direct cause of a cer-tain form of blindness. To show the effects of the cigarette habit upon the nervous system, one in-cident in the Filipino rebellion will suf-fice : Our company was ordered out one morning, and each man knew that there would be trouble before he got back. One young man, an inveterate cigarette smoker, became so pale and nervous that it was necessary to order him from the ranks, and to leave him behind. Think of his humiliation due to the manly ( ?) habit of cigarette smoking! The cigarette has a very injurious ef-fect on growing boys. After beginning the habit, the boy becomes listless, nerv-ous, irritable, pale, and in athletic sports he is generally a mere looker-on. One of the quickest means of getting medicine into the system is by inhalation. It can readily be seen, therefore, that when the poisons in tobacco are inhaled, they are given the most favorable oppor-tunity for doing their deadly work upon the human system. The use of that poison can have but one effect, and that a decidedly injurious one, upon the men-tal and bodily functions. We are opposed to the liquor traffic because it is not only destructive to the individual and society, but to the best in-terests of self-government. No traffic that is an enemy to the best interests of progress and civilization has any justi-fiable reason for its existence. Over 12,000 New Subscribers! WE are glad to report that over 12,000 new yearly subscriptions were added to our mailing list during the past three months. Shall we not double this record during the next quarter? If each sub-scriber will secure a club of five new sub-scribers for $1.00, this magazine will thereby reach 875,000 readers ! Think of it ! At these club rates a year's subscrip-tion costs you only 20 cents. Agents are selling LIBERTY magazine at 10 cents a copy everywhere. Send $2.00 for 5o copies today, prepaid to any address in America. Important Notice! To All Enemies of the Liquor Traffic Please read carefully the " Petition to Congress " on the opposite page. Fill in the blank spaces, start the list with your own name, and secure as many other signatures as possible. If there are not enough lines on this petition blank for signatures, paste additional sheets of white pa-per at the bottom. Send your petition to one of the senators from your State, or to the representative of your Congressional district, in Congress, addressing him, Washington, D. C. THROUGH the courtesy of Mr. Marvin Brown, associate editor of the Menace, an attractive two-inch reading notice of LIBERTY magazine appeared in that weekly for January It), which had a cir-culation of 1,166,800 copies. Thus this magazine was brought to the attention of over 5,000,000 readers, and hundreds of subscriptions and orders are being re-ceived from those interested. 