26 LIBERTY to dig their potatoes in order to conserve food in these war times, they are imme-diately apprehended on complaint of a fellow Christian who can see nothing good outside the fence which incloses his own creed. Both these men, who are haled before the court as criminals because they dug a few potatoes in their garden on Sun-day, uniformly and conscientiously ob-serve the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath, and their daily conduct and life are above reproach. Over all the State of Maryland, men were seen every Sun-day gathering in their crops and working for the Government, and no one thought of invoking the Sunday blue laws of co-lonial antiquity upon the toilers. But just as soon as men who conscientiously and uniformly observe another day than Sunday as holy time, gathered their fruits on Sunday, perchance under necessity, Jealousy and Religious Tyranny lifted their despotic hands, and the letter of an  old worn-out, obsolete religious law was strictly construed so that some old-time Puritan might be enabled to satisfy his vengeance lest God might forget. This may sound severe, but in the full light and liberty of modern times, what other purpose do the Sunday blue laws serve, when they penalize and harass those who have already observed one day of the week as holy time, for doing work honorable and legitimate on any of the other six working days? Justice de-mands that such laws be stricken from the statute books. They are un-Ameri-can, unchristian, unjust, and unkind. They belong to a former age, another government, and another people. It is high time that a voice of protest be raised against such encroachments upon the natural rights of the honest individual conscience, no matter who the oppressed are, or what their creed may be, so long as they are decent and respect the equal rights of others. c. S. L. National ProhibitionŠThen What? A Word of Warning By William Q. Sloan REGULATION of the business in-terests of a country is not con-trary to the proper function of civil government. This truth has been recognized in the United States by the Anti-Saloon League of America, which has assailed the liquor traffic with such marked success. Other associations have done valiant work in the antiliquor cause, but to the Anti-Saloon League the palm is gracefully and gratefully surren-dered; for to this association belongs the honor of having made so many States free from " the licensed saloon," an in-stitution that never should have been rec-ognized by civil government. The liquor traffic never has been anything else but an outlaw, robbing mothers of their sons, making fathers demons and homes hov- els, and undermining democracy by its corruption of the ballot box. There is in the Anti-Saloon League movement every element that makes for success Š brains, morality, religious zeal, consecration, wealth, political power. The eighteenth annual convention of the League was held in Washington, D. C., Dec. 10-13, 1917, and on its list of speakers were such men as Senator Shep-pard, Senator Borah, Congressman A. W. Barkley, and Hon. William Jennings Bryan, besides a number of prominent ecclesiastics. Enthusiasm and a fixed determination to make the United States a " bone-dry " nation characterized each meeting. Hon. Andrew Wilson welcomed the convention to the city, and he closed his 