12 LIBERTY seat at the last great day instead of be-fore Caesar's judgment bar now. This Act, if it becomes a law, will pro-hibit and penalize all " works of neces-sity or charity, excepting in household service, . . . on the Lord's day, com-monly called Sunday." Such a require-ment, if enforced, would make the ob-servance of the Lord's day a matter of sheer idleness. This was never the in-tent of the divine command concerning the observance of the Sabbath. Works of necessity and charity are always in order in the divine economy. Christ said, " It is lawful to do well on the Sab-bath days." Idleness is a curse on any day. It was one of the prevailing sins of Sodom, according to Holy Writ. The Pharisees believed that ideal Sab-bath observance was abstinence from physical effort, and consequently they stood all day long on street corners saying lengthy prayers. Likewise the " dyed-in-the-wool " Puritan thought that physical rest constituted true Sabbath ob- servance, and so when not attending church services he idly sat all day in a cushioned chair, without even daring to twiddle his thumbs, for that might be construed to be " unnecessary work." Christ did more charitable acts on the Sabbath day than on any other day of the week. He boldly denounced the Pharisees' outward show of piety on the Sabbath day as the embodiment of the hypocrites' religion, and as having no value in the estimation of heaven. The question is, Will Congress yield to demands for Sunday legislation by the popular religious organizations of mod-ern times? We sincerely hope and pray that the Sixty-fifth Congress will stand firmly by the fundamental principle of civil and religious liberty so wisely estab-lished by the founders of the American Republic and so consistently maintained by the American Congress in the past. Let every lover of liberty urge his Rep-resentatives in Congress to steer afar from this kind of legislation. A Question that Should be Left to the Indi- vidual Conscience There are certain statutes in-tended to compel observance of the Sabbath. They were passed by State legislatures long ago in all States, and are enforced in none. . . . The basis of all this legislation was the contention that the Sab-bath should be observed, and its object was to enforce the observ-ance of the Sabbath; that is, to enforce an observance of the Sab-bath in a certain way, devised by the Puritans, brought by them to this country, and handed down to and impressed upon their descend-ants. . . . But America was not for the Puritans or their descendants alone, it was for all men. . . . How the Sabbath should be ob-served is, I think, a question that should be left to the individual con-science.Š Brand Whitlock, Mayor of Toledo, to the Federation of Churches, 1910. 