104 LIBERTY regarded as a protest against the dogma of Sunday sacredness, while in the case of the others there was no element of protest against the prevailing creed of the neighborhood. We are sure that all of our readers will await the verdict in these cases with deep interest. It will decide not only  whether these good citizens are to be fined and perhaps imprisoned for exer-cising their God-given right, but also whether in Sumner County, Tennessee, the civil law is to be used to punish men for practical dissent from the religious beliefs and practices of their neighbors. C. P. B. Attitude of Catholics Toward Non-Catholics RECENTLY the editor of LIBERTY re-ceived a letter from a Catholic member of the Wisconsin Legislature which contained the following paragraph on the attitude of the Catholic Church and Catholic periodicals toward Protestant churches and non-Catholics : Š " The Catholic Church does not publish peri-odicals denouncing the other religions, but al-ways includes them in its prayers. It does not single out and criticize either the Method-ist, Baptist, Congregationalist, Episcopalian, Lutheran, or Unitarian, etc. Everybody has a right to choose his own religion, or be an unbeliever. God gave us the inherent right of a free will, and we can choose our own path through the pilgrimage on this earth for the eternal goal. All we can do, is to see for our-selves, and not find fault with our brethren. Live the life of a Christian ; give a good ex-ample of a righteous life, and let God be the judge." Evidently this Catholic legislator has never read the esoteric teaching of the Catholic Church, nor the Western Watch-man and a score of other typical Catholic periodicals. For the enlightenment of our friend and others who may entertain a similar notion, we will just quote the following two paragraphs from the West-ern Watchman, under date of Sept. 26, 1912, concerning the attitude of Catholic periodicals toward Protestantism : Š " Today the whole world believes that Prot-estantism, and not the Catholic Church, is the mother of all abominations, the scarlet woman and the whore of Babylon. The unchurched . . . millions who disgrace every civi-lized land are the waifs of the Reformation. The disrupted homes, morgues of plighted love, are the handiwork of the Reformation. The debauchery in high and low life in every land where Protestantism holds sway attests the general loosening of bonds of morality caused by the Reformation. Protestantism has become the synonym of unbridled lust, domestic infi-delity, and irreligion throughout the world. Compared with England, Japan is clean. Judged on the score of honesty, the United States stands below southern Italy. In divorce and illegitimacy the Protestant peoples are first, and all the rest nowhere. . . " Protestantism is par excellence the religion of dirt. When it disappears there will be a monster Augean stable to clean out; and the nations will feel relieved of a plague that threatened to last forever. The world is vile and sinful; but filthy as it is, it is far too pure for Protestantism!" The February number of Truth (Ro-man Catholic) contains a startling news item from " the correspondent of the Catholic Press Association," concerning an address which Pope Benedict XV de-livered to the " Defenders of the Faith," in the city of Rome, on Dec. 18, 1915. In this address the present Pope assails the Protestant churches and the free public school system in most scathing and con-demnatory terms. Certainly, we could not possibly cite any higher authority than this address upon the attitude of the Catholic Church toward Protestantism and republican institutions. We will quote a few extracts from this very re- cent address, as follows : Š Ł " What are those emissaries of Satan doing, who, in the midst of the holy city, build tem-ples wherein God is refused true worship, establish pestilential chairs whence to diffuse errors among the people, spread broadcast lies and calumnies against the Catholic religion and itc ministers? " These diabolic arts are nothing but at-tacks against the faith of the children of Rome, 