160 LIBERTY life out of harmony with God's law. This is God's protest against all such practices and requirements : Š " To what purpose is the multitude of your sacrifices unto me? saith the Lord: I am full of the burnt offerings of rams, and the fat of fed beasts ;Łand I delight not in the blood of bullocks, or of lambs, or of he goats. When ye come to appear before me, who hath required this at your hand, to tread my courts? Bring no more vain oblations; in-cense is an abomination unto me ; the new moons and sabbaths, the calling of assemblies, I cannot away with; it is iniquity, even the tice are promoting abomination and displeasing God. The heathen ties a printed prayer to a wheel turned by the wind. To his mind, his prayer is re-peated every time the wheel turns over. We pity him for his superstitious credu-lity ; but we should have the same pity for those in Christian lands who pro-mote the idea of formal or compulsory prayer. The latter are less excusable, for they have had more light. The inconsistent idea of set prayers ',,py,hŁ i-nderwood & Underwood, New York THE KAISER DIRECTING THE FINAL MOVEMENTS AGAINST WARSAW solemn meeting. Your new moons and your appointed feasts my soul hateth: they are a trouble unto me; I am weary to bear them. And when ye spread forth your hands, I will hide mine eyes from you: yea, when ye make many prayers, I will not hear." Isa. 1: 11-15. All the ordinances and practices speci-fied in this scripture the Lord himself had appointed. Why does he condemn them? Š Because they were now being performed by those whose hearts were unconverted, whose lives were out of harmony with God's law. Hypocrisy is hateful to God. The mouthing of prayers by those who are not praying with heart and soul, God calls abomina-tion ; and they who promote such a prac- and compulsory praying is, however, the logical result of the National Reform propaganda for the union of religion and the state. If the state is to have a re-ligion, some one must practice it; and the only way to make that sure is to make it compulsory; and whenever and wherever religion or religious practices are made compulsory, they become abomination in the sight of Jehovah. That such a thing could be even sug-gested under the blazing light of the gos-pel, is the greatest wonder of our gen-eration. But it shows the subtlety of the satanic suggestion that we can honor God by compelling men to worship him. The only prayer that is acceptable to 