128 LIBERTY But in spite of it all, the principle of church and state union, whose logical sequence is and always has been relig-ious persecution, has been retained, up-held, and promoted in nearly all the States Š so far have their legislators lost sight of the principle upon which their own religious freedom rests. As the battle for civil freedom and the battle for religious freedom were carried on at practically the same time and by the same people, so the forgetting of those political principles and the forgetting of those principles of soul freedom are go-ing on at the same time and with the same people. As the fathers of the na-tion declared it " impossible for the mag-istrate to adjudge the right of prefer-ence among the various sects that pro-fess the Christian faith without erecting a claim to infallibility, which would lead us back to the Church of Rome," and as the magistrate is now permitted to do that very thing in every prosecution of a Christian for the violation of a Sunday law, it is evident that that claim has been to all intents and purposes erected, and that the nation is now being led just where they said it would be. If it was " proper " in those distant days " to take alarm at the first experi-ment upon our liberties," it must be emi-nently " proper to take alarm " at the multitudinous experiments that are made today along that line. It certainly is very proper so to do when men in these days have been repeatedly condemned to prison and to the payment of burden-some fines for worshiping God according to the dictates of their conscierices. Out of the persecutions suffered by the Bap-tists and Quakers and others because of their mode of worship grew the guar-anties of liberty in religious things that were incorporated into our national and State constitutions. But now we have persecutions as they had them, and that, too, in spite of the supposed guar- anties of religious freedom. America, which should have stood as a light and pattern to the world, which fought the battles of mankind and won; America, the asylum for the oppressed, is forget-ting the most vital principle for which she stood,Š the freedom of the con-sciences of men. The great hand of an oppressive church is now grasping the seats of government in State and nation, even as the founders of this nation warned us that it would do when the people departed from the principles of religious liberty. The plans laid by the National Reform Association, by the Lord's Day Alliance, by the Federal Council of the Churches of Christ in America, by the American Federation of Catholic Societies, and, in a word, by the great Catholic Church as a body, contemplate the accomplishment of a work that is the very antithesis of what the founders of the country did. Let those plans be carried out, and the nation has started back toward the bitter experiences of colonial days and of the middle ages. It is unthinkable and un-explainable; but thus has the prophet outlined it, and thus do we see it fulfil- ling before our eyes today. C. M. S. tV ONE clause of the National Reform constitution declares that " the Lord Jesus Christ is the ruler of nations." If this be true, then who is " the prince of this world "? It would, in that case, seem to be the Lord Jesus Christ. But he says : " The prince of this world cometh, and bath nothing in me." John 14: 30. Again: " The prince of this world hath been judged." John 16: 11. And again: " Now shall the prince of this world be cast out." John 12: 31. Satan is the prince of this world. He will be " cast out " when the great day of God shall come. Christ will then be the " puler of this world; " but now " My kingdom is not of this world." 