LIBERTY 35 is submission to authority in both the temporalities and the spiritualities. The constitutions of the two powers are dia-metrically opposed to each other, both  in letter and in spirit, and to welcome both and laud both and be loyal to the principles of both at the same time is an impossibility. C. M. S. State Sunday Laws Versus National Rights and Guaranties THE Supreme Court of the United States may some day be asked to hand down a decision on this question : Do not the Sunday laws of certain States infringe and abridge the rights of the citizens of the United States? Section of the Fourteenth Amendment of the Constitution guarantees : Š All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the juris-diction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the State in which they reside. No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the rights or immunities of citizens of the United States, etc. Two things are clearly set forth in this amendment, one of which is that all per-sons born or naturalized in the United States are recognized first as citizens of the nation ; and, second, that this citizen-ship is surrounded with certain guaran-ties, the inviolability of which may not be set aside nor menaced by State laws. The question, whether or not the enforce-ment of Sunday laws abridges the priv-ileges and immunities of citizens of the United States, must be determined by the results of the enforcement of those laws. First, Sunday observance is a relig-ious act. The Sabbath is not a civil in-stitution. Justice Brewer, writing in his work entitled " The United States a Christian Nation," pages 28-30, makes the following statements : Š By the English statute of 29 Charles II, no tradesman, artificer, workman, la-borer, or other person was permitted to do or exercise any worldly labor, busi-ness, or work of ordinary calling upon the Lord's day, or any part thereof, works  of necessity or charity only excepted. That statute, with some variations, has been adopted by most, if not all, the States of the Union. . . . Indeed, the vast volume of official action, legislative and judicial, recognizes Sunday as a day sep-arate and apart from the others, a day devoted not to the ordinary pursuits of life. It is true in many of the decisions this separation of the day is said to be authorized by the police power of the city, and exercised for purposes of health. At the same time, through a large majority of them, there runs the thought of its being a religious day, con-secrated by the commandment. Second, Sunday laws interfere with the religious as well as the civil liberties of the people. On this point Chief Jus-tice Terry, of the California Supreme Court, in 9 California 502, wrote this opinion : Š The enforced observance of a day held sacred by one of these sects is a discrimi-nation in favor of that sect, and a viola-tion of the freedom of others. . . . Con-sidered as a municipal regulation, the legislature has no right to forbid or en-join the lawful pursuit of a lawful occu-pation on one day of the week, any more than it can forbid it altogether. In the case of Watson versus Jones, 13 Wall. (U. S.) 728, is the following wise utterance on religious liberty : Š In this country the full and free right to entertain any religious belief, to prac-tise any religious principle, and to teach any religious doctrine which does not violate the laws of morality and propri-ety, and which does not infringe personal rights, is conceded to all. The law knows no heresy, is committed to the support of no dogma, the establishment of no sect. 