126 LIBERTY but requires that Congress shall ever re-frain from entering upon the path of re-ligious legislation. And who can right-fully declare that this principle has not secured the liberties and promoted the general welfare of a mighty and pros- perous nation? C. E. H. What Is True Liberty? What Is Toleration ? BY J. 0. CORLISS THE best general definition of liberty is " the unrestrained enjoyment of nat-ural rights." Such rights are the gift of the Creator himself, and are therefore absolute. They include liberty of choice, and are limited only by the equal rights of others. First and foremost in natural rights is liberty of conscience. Deprived of this, man becomes a slave to imperious human dictation. Liberty of conscience, or re-ligious liberty, is the natural right of every man. It is above and beyond the control of just human laws, being the gift of Jehovah. At times circumstances have seemingly demanded statutes of toleration for cer-tain sects or individuals dissenting from the state religion. But these acts of toler-ation have always been of an uncertain nature, implying more or less censure on those tolerated, from the fact that the very favors granted argued that the gov-ernment granting them had the right to withhold them, or, in other words, to establish a religion and to control its public exercise. This, however, is a direct violation of the divine law, and an as-sault upon God's authority. More than that, being only a concession, the policy is subject to disappointing change, as in the revocation of the Edict of Nantes, and other supposed ameliorating grants. It has been well said that " whatever establishes a distinction against one class or sect, is, to the extent to which the dis-tinction operates unfavorably, a persecu-tion." This is exactly what toleration or exemption laws do; for they make dis- tinctions against certain classes or sects, by indirectly pointing to them as outside of the general pale of ordinary citizen-ship. Edicts of religious toleration, exemp-tion clauses, etc., are, in their last analy-sis, assertions of the state's right to reg-ulate religious practices, and tend to a union of the state with the church, and the return to medieval practices in civil government. When the thirteen colonies declared their independence from foreign rule, they also by implication proclaimed freedom of conscience for every dweller within the bounds of their jurisdiction. Yet nearly every one of the thirteen orig-inal States had forms of state religion, while their several constitutions carried provisions of toleration in certain cases. Later by bills of rights, constitutional amendments, etc., it was supposed that all this was, changed. Yet strange to say, with the history of all the past before them, grave Solons in this country frame measures by which to regulate religious conduct. True, for policy's sake, toleration, by means of ex-emption clauses, is made a feature of these laws, for the assumed benefit of those who " regularly observe " another day than Sunday. But where is the lib-erty in this for those who do not regu-larly observe another day and yet have no desire to observe Sunday? Have they not, as citizens, equal rights with those who do regularly observe another day ? Then, if these Sunday laws are not reli-gious legislation, why make religious ob-servance the foundation of exemption? This class of legislation on the part of the nation directly violates the Con-stitution, which expressly declares that " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibit-ing the free exercise thereof." Sunday is an establishment, or institution, of re-ligion; and to create a law requiring its observance, is to make a law respecting that establishment, or institution, of re-ligion. Will Congress undertake to over-ride the Constitution in this? We shall shortly see. 