LIBERTY  167 the state, the American government was would not be seeking the power of the founded upon Christian principles as state to buttress up their traditionary in-first divinely announced by Christ, when stitutions."Ñ Present Truth, July 31, he said : " Render therefore unto Caesar 1913. the things which are Caesar's ; and unto  !V  tV God the things that are God's." Christ  THE supreme court of North Caro- wanted no worldly recognition nor any lina recently decided a case of Sunday-help from the civil power, and he told law prosecution in which its verdict was his followers to tarry until they were en-  that contracts and business transactions dowed with power from above,Ñ not were valid on Sunday in that State. The from beneath. To establish the Chris-  court's decision was : " Anything that is tian religion by civil law would be to lawful to do on any day is lawful to do establish it out of harmony with true on Sunday, unless there is a statute ex- Christian principles.  pressly forbidding it." The court fur- ttl  ther stated that the legislature has no " A WEEKLY Rest-day Bill has been power to prohibit any conduct on Sun-laid before the House of Commons [Eng-  day that it does not prohibit on all days, land] by Lord Henry Cavendish-Ben- and then only " on the ground of public tinck, supported by members of various indecency. But when it goes further and parties. As drawn, the bill makes illegal prohibits labor which is done in private, the employment of any person on Sunday the power is exceeded, and the statute is in any business, trade, or labor. It does void." not forbid the doing of work at home by  ttE fti ttE an individual working for himself, but  IT was reported that the United States it forbids his performing any act of la-  government presented a note to the Bal-bor on the premises of any other person. kan Peace Conference asking " that a It also prohibits buying or selling on clause be inserted in the Bucharest treaty Sunday, or taking any part in or attend-  stipulating the assurance of civil and ing a public performance at which any religious liberty to the populations in-fee is charged on any ground whatever. habiting the territory which may be . . . The bill also calls for the closing of ceded or annexed under the treaty." all shops on Sundays, with certain ex-  The president of the Peace Conference ceptions. . . . The penalty for a first of-  replied that each country represented fense is a fine not exceeding is ; for the at the Peace Conference has such a law second offense, within two years, a fine on its statute-books, and it is therefore not exceeding iio ; and for every subse-  not necessary to put it into the treaty quent conviction, a fine of twice the last agreements. This shows how little civil maximum amount ; no fine, however, to and religious liberty are understood in exceed iso. . . . This bill is the outcome some nations. Just recently some of of the labors of the Imperial Sunday these nations tried to convert members Alliance, the object of which is to secure of the dissenting sects to the established the compulsory observance of Sunday. Greek Catholic Church at the point of . . . Genuine religion is not and never the bayonet. Some people favor relig-has been advanced or profited by state ious liberty for themselves but not for enforcement. If the religious bodies the other party. We find this even in that are combined in the Imperial Sun- America. Is it too much to ask and ex-('ay Alliance would follow the instruc-  pect that Christians should observe the tion contained in the Scriptures, they golden rule? 