INDEPENDENCE HALL 204 LIBERTY It frequently breaks out in the halls of legislation, and states the form of sug-gested law where attempts are made to restrict achieve-ment of individuals, upon the basis that it is directly connected with the failure of others. If you succeed and I do not, although we have the same opportunity, it is not my fault, but yours. Such agitation creates the impression that ills of life are due to laws of legislation, or else the lack of them. Efforts are made by would-be lead-ers to make men succeed by law." We are glad to note that there are in-fluential men who agree with us that the state cannot make men either good or prosperous by legislation. If in the past this great principle had always been rec-ognized by civil rulers and religious reformers, a union of church and state would never have been possible. If there had been no union of church and state,  religio u s persecution would never have been known. A failure to discern the utter futility of reforming and regen-erating men by law has been the primary cause of all the persecutions of the past. A failure to discover the true mission of the church and the proper functions of the state, as well as the distinction between divine laws and civil statutes, has been a secondary cause of the bloody persecutions carried on by the super-righteous reformers of all past ages. In a frequent recurrence to the funda-mental principles of the Declaration of Independence, and in the embodiment of those principles in the life of the nation, lies our only hope of deliverance from a repetition of the mistakes and calamities of the past. c. s. L. Of tV The Anthem of Liberty Made the Symbol of Oppression " THE Star-Spangled Balmer "Š the anthem of liberty Š was recently made the symbol of oppression by a peculiar freak of legislation enacted by the city council of Baltimore. The Philadelphia Press of July 24, 1916, published the following account un-der the heading, " Stand During Na-tional Anthem, or Pay Fine : "Š " Policemen in Baltimore today began distribution of copies of a municipal ordi-nance providing that ' musi-cians, performers, or other persons shall stand while playing, singing, or rendering the " Star-Spangled Ban-ner." ' " Any person violating the provisions of the ordinance ' shall be guilty of a misde-meanor, and upon conviction  shall be fined not more than one hundred dollars.' " Of course, it is an excellent custom for all Americans to stand whether they play or sing or hear the " Star-Spangled Ban-ner," out of respect to the national an-them; but has the city council of Balti-more forgotten that the national anthem is the hymn of liberty in-stead of oppression, and that they are living in free America instead of in Rus-sia or Turkey ? By this act of compulsion in honor of the flag, they take away, most arbitrarily, the very freedom the flag represents. Why not let the American people do a few things from choice without being compelled to do them? 