The Great American Game 64 LIBERTY " For this reason I have given this subject my most careful consideration, not only since the hearing upon the bill, but since its first introduction, when it became probable that the matter would ultimately come before me for determination. " I realize that a very substantial portion of our people most conscientiously oppose permis-sion to indulge in recreation or sports of any kind on Sunday. I respect them for their opinions, and I believe that in those opinions they are entirely conscientious. On the other hand, I know that a great many who are advo-eating this measure, and who believe in reason-able recreation on Sunday, and who consider that it is that spe- cies of rest which comes from change of thought and change of activity, are equally good citizens of the commonwealth, and their opinions are entitled to equal weight. "After a thorough consideration of the matter, I am of the firm opinion that those members of a community who op-pose all recreation on Sunday, or at least recreation per-mitted by this amendatory b i 11, have no right, in law or in morals, where they consti-tute a minority of a community, to im-pose their views upon the majority, who disagree with them, and to pro-hibit the latter from exercising rights and privileges to which they deem them-selves to be e n titled, the exercise of which will in no wise interfere with the orderly and proper observance of the day of rest by those desiring to refrain from at-tending amusements. " On the other hand, this bill provides that where a majority of the community, as repre- sented in its local legislative body, is opposed to the playing of baseball on Sunday afternoon, such amusement is prohibited in such locality. If representative government is what we claim and believe it to be, the action of the local legislative body will properly reflect, in each instance, the wish of the majority of the citi-zenv themselves. " The witnessing of a baseball game, either with or without the payment of an admission fee, is a most harmless diversion. It is in no sense deteriorating to the moral fiber of the witnesses. Well-to-do people can and do on  Sunday pursue their amusements with entire impunity and under the protection of the laws. Our golf courses are crowded, our highways are thronged with automobilists seeking on Sunday a change of scene and the beneficial effects resulting therefrom. The activities of a poor man along this line are necessarily restricted by the limit of his means. It comes, however, within the reasonable reach of many to enjoy a baseball game and to obtain the rest which comes from recreation by such an outdoor, health-giving amusement. " Some such form of relaxation on Sunday is almost imperative, and certainly most bene-ficial. in the cases of that great mass of our people who during the six week days are employed in con-fining occupations, having during those days no opportunity for recreation of any sort. I cannot think that if the sentiment of the majority of any community, as represented by its duly elected officials, is in favor of per-mitting, under such restrictions and reg-ulations as they may see fit to impose, the enjoyment of this very harmless amuse-ment on Sunday, the rights of the minor ity are in any wise invaded. " I believe that before any class of our citizens should be given the right to impose their views upon this question, on which people so widely and conscien-tiously differ, upon those who disagree with them, they should, at least, rep-resent the sentiment of the majority in their respective com-munities. For myself, respecting most highly the opinions of those who disagree with me, I believe that the witnessing of an innocent amuse-ment on Sunday afternoon, conducted in such manner as not to interfere with the comfort of those who are opposed to such amusement, can-not be harmful. In this belief, I propose to let the communities of this State have the right to decide this question for themselves, and de-termine whether baseball games may be played on Sunday afternoon, and, if so, whether an admission fee should be charged. " The bill is therefore approved." Sunday Moving Pictures Authorized Governor Smith filed the following memo-randum with Senate Bill No. 991, entitled " An 