42 0°92) LIBERTY of compelling men by law to keep the day they regard as the Sabbath, they should persuade them to do so. In short, they should depend alone upon the power of God in their endeavors ; for it is " not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord of hosts." K. C. R. Prohibition in Maine FOR several decades the money-wor- shiping liquor interests of the country  fact that the stronghold of the " wets " was in the cities, nineteen out of twenty voting " wet ; " and the reason for the cities presenting such a showing is that many thousands of foreigners are domi-ciled there, being employed in cotton- and woolen-mills. These have no sympathy with Maine's record on the temper-ance question, and thus this class is not generally overscrupulous as to the matter of selling a vote. Some have voted for the repeal of the prohibition law on the REVIEWING STAND FOR THE CATHOLIC PROCESSION AT COLUMBUS, OHIO The second figure from the left is Bishop McFaul. The man in the light-colored robes, near the center, is the Pope's representative, Diomede Falconio. See page 24 have been employing their strongest weapons against the prohibition law of the State of Maine. They have stultified themselves at every turn in their efforts to capture the stronghold of prohibition. As we go to press, the issue is still in doubt, the alleged majority for liquor having been reduced from over nine hundred votes to twenty votes, and the declaration is made that there will be a recount. The size of the vote for the open sale of liquor is explained by the  pretext that it has not been enforced as it should have been. The consistent thing for this class to do now would be to bring an agitation for the repeal of the laws against stealing, perjury, murder, adultery, and gambling, and every other law that is not thoroughly enforced. To repeal a law against crime because crime continues to be committed, is the weakest policy imaginable, and would make the repealers particeps criminis with those who commit the crimes which the law 