22 LIBERTY separation of church and state. Separation of church and state has contributed to the vitality and advancement of religion in this country. " I have found that, as a rule, most public school-teachers are not qualified to teach re-ligion. If they were qualified, it would be im-possible for them to agree upon the subject. The difficulty of harmonizing the divergent creeds of all denominations and of nonreligion-ists is an insurmountable barrier, and there would be little left on which we could all agree. " I am a Methodist, therefore I do not favor teaching religion in the public schools. It would not be pleasing to me to have my child taught the doctrine of election' and damna-tion' by some of your good United Presbyterian preachers, nor would the Methodist doctrine of free grace for all' suit all of you Presbyterians. " I do not object to the read-ing of the Bible in the public schools, and have no sympathy with decisions that rule it out of the public school curriculum; nor do I have sympathy with de-cisions that make its reading compulsory. " If religion is not taught in communities, whose fault is it? In nearly all our cities and towns there are far more churches than public schools. It is the business of the churches to teach religion. As a rule, the pastors are paid four times more for teaching re-ligion than public school teach-ers are paid for giving secular instruction. The churches are manned by elderly men of col-legiate education, whereas the public schools are taught mostly by young girls, a majority with-out college or university training. If there is a lack of religious teaching in the community, some-body ought to begin to hold religious institutes in the churches." Dr. Claxton concluded by saying : " The public school system is moral in its very essence and organization. It is demo-cratic, and therefore cannot teach religion, as the majority are against teaching it." Mormonism Assailed More than a whole day was devoted to the consideration of Mormonism. Dr. James E. Talmage, a Mormon apostle, came all the way from Salt Lake City to ask the privilege of speaking before the World's Conference in defense of the Mormon faith. When his faith was as- sailed, he asked for opportunity to re-ply. After considerable discussion, he was granted the privilege of speaking five minutes, but he was soon interrupted with hoots, hisses, and cat calls, so that he could not be heard. He stoutly de-nied all the charges that were brought against his church. Mrs. Lulu Loveland Shepard asserted that every Mormon was required to wear a peculiar undergarment. In describing the nature and significance of the under-garment she said : " When the garment is first put on in the Mormon Temple, the tie at the neck is of red, signifying blood atonement. Over the right breast is a square, and over the left is a compass, these signifying that if the Mor-mon breaks the oath or re-veals the secrets, he will be quartered. " Across the abdomen is a slit signifying that if the wearer reveals the oaths or secrets, his bowels will be removed and dragged on the ground. Then across the knees is a curved line signi-fying that the wearer's legs shall be cut off at the knees for violation of the oath. These garments are never wholly removed from the body. " I have had a number of Mormon girls in my home as servants," she con-tinued, " and when they bathe or change their garments, they never entirely re-move the soiled garment until the clean one is partially on." The oath which every Mormon takes, as Mrs. Shepard gives it, is as follows : " You and each of you do covenant and promise that you will pray and never cease to pray Almighty God to avenge the blood of the prophets upon this nation, and that you will teach the same to your children and your chil-dren's children unto the third and fourth gen-eration." 