LIBERTY 69 The center of thought was then among .the few, and they were very anxious to keep it there. But in the course of time, in spite of all opposition, the center of thought began to pass from the few to the many, where it is today. It was then that censor-ships, and all interference with freedom of speech, of the press, and of opinion, began to give way by degrees, until in the end all of them, at all events with us, were abol-ished. And that is now substantially true under all free governments throughout the world.Š Mayor Gaynor. Catholic Avowal of Catholic Pressure The Committee on Public Morals made the following report to the American Federation of Catholic Societies in their annual meeting at Toledo, Ohio, Aug. 15-17, 1915, as published in the official Bulletin of the federation : Š " We regret that the rush of important na-tional legislation prevented action by Congress during the last days of the short term on H. R. Bill No. 20644, intended to shut out from the mails indecent and filthy publications that at-tack the Catholic Church and its institutions. Spurred to activity by the Brooklyn diocesan federation, Congressman John J. Fitzgerald, of that borough, in January introduced the bill after having failed in a laudable attempt to get relief for Catholics through the regular Post Office Appropriation Bill. Mr. Fitzgerald has promised the Brooklyn federation that he will reintroduce the bill at the next session of Congress. " Congressman James A. Gallivan, of Mas-sachusetts, introduced a similar bill, but neither bill got out of the committee. For six years the federation appealed to Congressmen for action against commercialized bigotry. In two distinguished members of Congress we found at last men with sufficient bravery not only to denounce the bigots on the floor, but to de-mand legislation to protect Catholics from the cowardly attacks of enemies, and to end a na-tional disgrace. " Strange as it may appear to the uninitiated, it does require political courage in public life to champion a Catholic cause. The Guardians of Liberty last fall took away 40,000 votes from a Catholic candidate for governor in New York State. No doubt they now have Fitzgerald and Gallivan on the ' black list.' I trust that fed-eration at this meeting will by appropriate reso-lution make due acknowledgment to the two Congressmen mentioned for their good work." A Concerted Plan A number of Roman Catholic period- icals announced before the present Con- gress convened that Mr. Fitzgerald was going to reintroduce his bill, and that Mr. Siegel was going to introduce another bill, which would, if passed, shut out of the mails all anti-Catholic publications. There seemed to be a perfect understand-ing and foreknowledge on the part of the Knights of Columbus, the American Federation of Catholic Societies, and Catholic periodicals as to the time of the introduction of the present bills by Messrs. Fitzgerald and Siegel. After Mr. Fitzgerald introduced his bill, the Brooklyn Tablet (Roman Catholic) of January 8, said : Š " The only publications in this country that would come within the pale defined by Con-gressman Fitzgerald's bill, are those which are attacking the Catholic Church." Still later this same periodical, which claims to have a circulation of 700,000 copies per issue, announced a most thor-oughly organized Catholic campaign so-liciting every Catholic family in this country to write letters and send peti-tions to Congressmen, demanding the passage of these press bills, also stating that an effort would be made to get these bills out of the committee into the open forum of Congress, and that a de-mand would be made for a division of the votes on the roll call. There is no doubt as to the object sought in such a scheme on the part of Roman Catholics.  It is not the policy of LIBERTY mag-azine to make an attack on the Catholic Church or on Catholic organizations in discussing this great issue now pending before Congress. Many of our stanch-est friends are Catholics, and we much dislike to say anything to reflect in any way upon the Catholic Church ; but if Where the press is free, and every man able to read, all is safe.Š Thomas Jeffer-son, 1816. 