176 LIBERTY the 9972 per cent of the Protestants pres-ent could get in a word in favor of the proposition, is evidence that they knew what they were in the convention for, and had not studied in vain the policies and politics of centuries of teaching from past masters in ecclesiastical strategy. "I do not hold the rank and file of Catholic membership in America in any way responsible for the influence back of such an attack on a resolution so in harmony with the genius and history of our government. I believe the mass of them are true Americans, ready to do and dare, and, if need be, to die for their country. Among my warmest personal friends are laymen and women in the Catholic Church. All honor to the Cath-olic Total Abstinence Societies, and to the very few priests who have espoused the prohibition cause, provided they have no ulterior purpose, and can not be used by designing church leaders higher up in antagonizing the fundamental princi-ples of our republic. Warns Against Rome's Aims in America " However, my friendly relations with Catholic laymen, and my admiration for the prohibition heroes among the priests, and for the Catholic soldiery who stood shoulder to shoulder with Protestants in the conflicts for the establishment and preservation of our government, do not blind my eyes to the fact that it is the purpose of the man on the Tiber, pro-claimed vicegerent of Jehovah, infallible in temporal as in spiritual affairs, to do in America what he has done in every other country where he has gained power ; namely, to so bind and oppress the intellect, the conscience, the govern-ment, and the liberty of his subjects, all from the love of power, as to make it desirable for them to run away from such oppression and find asylum under the stars and stripes. " Nor am I blind to the fact that to the best of my knowledge it is not the custom of that church to discipline liquor-dealing members for the crime of poi-soning soul and body, and of helping to produce a large percentage of the crime,  poverty, insanity, and general misery found in our country. An intelligent Catholic is authority for stating that a large proportion of the income of that church in this and in other countries is from the proceeds of the liquor traffic. " One in position to know asserts that only about one per cent of the Prohibition vote of this country is cast by Catholics. Another equally well informed, says it is not more than one fourth of one per cent, or about boo out of 250,000. But this statement only accrues to the honor of the few faithful, heroic souls who thus stand out and almost alone in their allegi-ance to high principle and self-sacrificing endeavor. " I have hitherto challenged my own church Š the Methodist Š for its polit-ical partnership in the liquor crime through its support of the Republican party that for nearly a half-century has made the general government a profit-sharing partner to the extent of hundreds of millions a year in filling jails, peniten-tiaries, almshouses, and insane asylums. And now I challenge in love, the great, and in many respects, the good Catholic Church to stand not only for prohibition, but for the perpetual separation of church and state, and for holding sacred for the purposes intended the funds lodged in our public treasuries, whether municipal, State, or national." Mr. O'Brien Defends His Position Desirous of stating both sides of the argument justly, the writer interviewed Mr. Matthew E. O'Brien, attorney, in his office, Wednesday, August 14, and took down in his own words his defense of his stand on the platform committee and in the Prohibition convention against Dr. Swallow's proposed amendment to the platform. He said : Š " I got the floor and stated that in drafting the platform the committee had given careful consideration to planks of a similar character, but from the outset we had planned to endeavor to draft a platform not offensive to anybody, but one that would set forth our principles. I stated also that for that reason we had 