LIBERTY LIBERTY The Official Organ of the Religious Liberty Bureau Department of the General Conference of Seventh-day Adventists WASHINGTON, D. C., SECOND QUARTER, 1909 Subscription price - 25 cents a year To foreign countries 35  " " Published Quarterly by REVIEW & HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. Takoma Park Station, Washington, D. C. Entered as second-class matter, May 1, 1906, at the post-office at Washington, D. C., under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879. READERS Of LIBERTY throughout the country are invited to send to this Office clippings from papers and magazines per-taining to the current history of the rights of conscience. The name and date of the publication from which the article is taken should always accompany it. RELIGIOUS legislation has been pro-posed recently in a number of States, among which are these : Maine, Con-necticut, New York (twenty-one bills), Indiana, Iowa, Wisconsin, Nebraska, Missouri (eight bills), Oregon, and Cal-ifornia. The friends of religious liberty have been active in opposing all these measures. WE take pleasure in inviting attention both to the appearance and to the con-tents of this number of LIBERTY. The attractive appearance of the cover will constitute a pleasing invitation to exam-ine the magazine, and we believe that candid readers will not be disappointed with what they find inside the cover. Being, so far as we know, the only mag-azine of its kind published in America, it is deserving of very wide circulation, and we invite all friends of liberty to  co-operate with us in enlarging the sphere of influence of a publication de-voted to so worthy a cause. THOSE Constitutional provisions which were intended by the founders of this government as effective barriers against a union of church and state were estab-lished by Christian men, in harmony with Christian principles, and in the interest of a pure Christianity. Any effort to override these provisions, and to make use of the authority of the state for the furtherance of the aims of the church, however sincere may be the motives of those who make it, is contrary to Chris-tian principles, and to whatever extent it is successful will prove detrimental to the best interests of both the church and the state. WHEN a man has been proved guilty of a certain offense, it is no justification of his course for him to declare that others have done the same thing. His assertion may be true, but his own of-fense is not excused thereby. So when it is clearly established by the unim-peachable testimony of history that Roman Catholics have been intolerant of dissenters and have used the state as an instrument of persecution, it is no ex-cuse for their course to prove that Prot-estants have done the same thing. The Christian and the true Protestant prin-ciples forbid any effort to coerce the re-ligious belief of any one, and the fact that these principles have been violated by professed Protestants is no just rea-son for abandoning right principles and for assuming lordship over the con-sciences of the people. All the sophis-tries of the dialecticians can not make wrong right. All the wisdom of all the medieval scholastics can not justify op-pression or persecution in matters of religion. 