The Legal Aspect of By C. P. Bollman SPECIAL regulations for the conduct of citizens on the first day of the week are usually among the first enactments of an American commonwealth," says James T. Ring-gold, of the Baltimore bar, in his " Legal As-pects of the First Day of the Week." " The manner in which such legislation has been treated by the courts," continues Mr. Ringgold, " forms a most curious and interest-ing chapter in our constitutional history." And he might have added, on the whole, an alarming one also. In the first place, Mr. Ringgold points out the patent fact laid down by the Louisiana Supreme Court in the Botts case (31 La. Ann. 663, 1879), that while " the Constitution of the United States forbids the Congress from mak-ing any law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof," "this is an inhibition to Congress only, leaving to the State government the whole power over the subject of religion." As a matter of constitutional law this does not make as great a difference as might appear at first sight, for in general the several States have in more or less explicit terms adopted con-stitutional provisions declaring for perfect equality before the law of all shades of reli-gious belief and practice. But notwithstanding the seemingly ample guaranties, not only in the national Constitu-tion, but also in the fundamental laws of the several States, it has been held in practically all the States that Sunday laws are Constitu-tional. In some States such legislation has been sustained upon religious grounds, as, for instance, New York, Pennsylvania, Kentucky, Georgia, and Maryland. In New York, in 1811, Judge Kent said that " the statute has, for over a century, recognized the sanctity of the obligation [of Sunday], and punished its violators." (See Ruggles' Case 8 John 290.) In 1834 another judge spoke of "the public order and solemnity of the day" (Boynton v. Page, 12 Wend, N. Y., 57) ; while as late as 1859, in Campbell v. International Soc. (4 Bos., N. Y., 298), we are told that the New York statute " explicitly recognizes the first day of the week as holy time," and " thus it has brought us back to the full, enlarged, and ab-solute rule of intradiction which we find pre-vailed in the earliest laws of Christian states, and which the construction of the statute of Charles II has tended somewhat to narrow and impair." Again, in an anonymous case (12 Abb. N. C., N. Y., 455), the court put it thus: "Is it not obvious that, by reason of keeping a store open for business, a temptation is presented to those who have no regard for Sunday as holy time, to violate the law? " So also in Jeandelle's case (3 Phil. 509), a Pennsylvania judge speaks of the day as being " clothed with peculiar sanctity." Similar statements, or phrases, might be quoted from Sunday law decisions rendered in a few other States, but these may suffice to establish the fact that in a number of old American States Sunday is candidly admitted to be a religious institution, and is openly en-forced as such, notwithstanding Constitutional guaranties of perfect equality as between dif-ferent religions. To those who have fondly supposed that we have in this country entire separation of church and state, or in other words, not toleration but entire religious liberty, such decisions as those from which we have quoted will doubtless seem startling, but the end is not yet. In the case of the People v. Ruggles, previously referred to, Judge Kent went farther, and declared that " the statute considers the violation of the first day of the week as immoral;" and in the same State, in deciding the case of Mitter v. Roessler (4 E. D. 234, 1855), the court refers to the making of a contract upon Sunday as violative of " the moral law." In the Nesbit case (34 Pa. 398, 1859), the court declared one object of the Sunday law to be " the prevention of vice and immorality; " and further, that such laws " have heretofore 