LIBERTY 19 Religious Liberty in the Balances Tip Johnston Sunday Bill Hearing BY THE EDITOR PROBABLY at no hearing ever given by a Congressional corn-mittee was deeper interest man-ifested by the common people than at the hearing given on the Johnston Sunday bill by the House Committee on the Dis-trict of Columbia on March 8. The hearing lasted two hours, from to A. M. to 12, and the large committee room of the House of Representatives Office Building was filled, with prob-ably not less than one hundred standing in the aisles and along the walls. The measure had been favor-ably recommended by the Dis-trict Commissioners; it had been passed by the Senate, and a sim-ilar naeasure had already been passed by the House, but not by the Senate. Congress had been importuned by letters and by telegrams from all parts of the coun-try, both for and against the pend-ing measure. It was a critical time, and all seemed to realize it. The friends of the measure realized that to lose this was to lose an object long sought and just within their grasp, and for which they had labored incessantly for over twenty-one years. The opponents of the measure real-ized that here the government of the United States was trembling in the bal-ances, about to decide one of the most serious questions that had ever come before her highest lawmaking body. Though seemingly a trivial matter, it meant, nevertheless, that she stood at the parting of the ways, with one foot already in the path that would lead her .back toward those_ experiences of op-pression which she abandoned when she became the world's guiding star out of the darkness of intolerance into the sun- GEORGE I, KING OF GREECE light of religious freedom. The friends of the bill had adopted the questionable expedient of pinning upon their clothing small American flags, as if to transform that emblem of freedom into the lab-arum of a federated church, moving toward medievalism and pandering to oppression. It had been arranged by the chairman of the committee that the advocates of the bill should have a full hour and the protestants a full hour. This did not suit the advocates of the Sunday bill. They thought it would give them added advantage to divide their time so as to have a half hour in which to close the discussion. This was not agreed to, but a compromise was reached, the ad-vocates being allowed forty minutes to open and twenty minutes to close, the protestants having their hour between these two periods. The chairman, Rep-resentative S, \V, Smith, announced 