100  LIBERTY is farther from the truth, for the Puritans came solely for the purpose of establishing their own church, and did not tolerate [even] other Prot-estants, whether Baptists, Quakers, or other sect. Not until Roger Williams, driven from Massa-chusetts Bay colony, chiefly because of his religious heresy, founded Providence in Rhode Island, and declared that the state and religion must be separated, that the government should have no control over religion, and that there-fore any one might worship as be wished, did religious liberty find its first foothold in the modern world."Ñ"Modern European Civiliza-tion,' pp. 22, 23. Published by the Macmillan Company, New York. From a literary viewpoint, Dr. Eliot's inscription is faultless; from the view-point of exact historical statement, it is misleading. Quakers and Baptists especially fared ill at the hands of the Pilgrims and others of like faith. Even the worship of the Church of England was permitted by the Puritans, only because, being Brit-ish subjects, they dared not forbid that which the crown not only permitted but actively supported. But in claiming liberty for themselves, the Pilgrims and other Puritans set a worthy example. They challenged the right of the British crown to dominate their religious faith and practice, and in due time others challenged their right of domination in matters of conscience. Adherents of the Church of England claimed the right to worship according to its forms. Quakers claimed the right to their simple faith and practice, as did also the Baptists. The authority of the king and of the royal governor guaran-teed the rights of the churchmen. The Quakers, after sacrificing even to the lay-ing down of life for their faith, won for themselves the liberty the Puritans long denied them. The same is true of the Baptists. From the heat of Puritan in-tolerance Roger Williams fled to the cold of a New England winter, to find, among untutored savages, in the pathless forests, that freedom of worship denied him in Puritan Massachusetts. Williams founded Rhode Island, mak-ing freedom of conscience one of its chief corner-stones. The Lord Proprietary of Maryland, himself a Roman Catholic, in order to make secure for himself and his coreligionists freedom of worship, made the rules of his colony so broad and lib-eral that both Quakers and Baptists found refuge there from the intolerance alike of Puritanism in Massachusetts and of Episcopacy in Virginia. Yes, in the words of Emerson, the Pilgrim " Builded better than he knew; The conscious stone to beauty grew." And now men honor him for what he was and for the finished, polished struc-ture, rather than for the original crude design. The Massachusetts colonists generally get a good deal more credit than they de-serve for establishing religious liberty on these shores and laying the founda-tions of the American Republic. The truth is, their ideal was - a theocracy modeled after the theocracy of Israel as closely as man could make it. Not the people as a whole, but the clergy were to rule, and for a time did rule. Cotton Mather, thundering in his pul-pit or mounted on his horse, demanding the execution of " witches," had more influence than Judge Sewall, declaring the law from the judicial bench. It was Roger Williams and other dis-senters from the harshness of Puritan doctrine and the rigors of Puritan rule who by the hardships they endured, the banishment and imprisonments they suf-fered, the lives they laid down, estab-lished religious liberty in New _England ; and it was Quakers, Baptists, Presbyte-rians, and Roman Catholics who per-formed the same great service in the South. While the spirit of revolt at first rose higher in Massachusetts than in Vir-ginia, it must not be forgotten that it was Thomas Jefferson, a Virginian, who wrote the Declaration of Independence, and James Madison, another Virginian, who is known as the father of the Con-stitution, with its ample safeguards of liberty of conscience for all men of all faiths, or of no religious faith at all, and of no religious profession. 