40 LIBERTY The Alabama Sunday law makes all contracts entered into on Sunday void, " except such as are made for the ad-vancement of religion or in the interests of works of necessity or mercy." If the purpose of the law were to secure a day of rest to the people of Alabama, why this exception in favor of contracts for the advancement of religion? Wherever this exception appears, it is evidence that the nature of the law has not changed. In a number of States the terms " Sab-bath " and " Lord's Day " are used in Sunday statutes. For instance, in Ken-tucky it is provided that " prosecutions for . . . Sabbath breaking . . . shall be commenced within six months after the offense is committed." And again, " No work or business shall be done on the Sabbath day, . Ł. . and if any person on the Sabbath day shall be found at his own or any other trade or calling," etc. And finally, " Persons who are members of religious societies, who observe as a sabbath any other day in the week than Sunday, shall not be liable to the penalty described in this section, if they observe as a sabbath day one day in each seven as herein prescribed." The term " Sabbath day " is used in several other instances in the Kentucky law, showing clearly that the law is not a civil but a religious statute; that its design is not to secure simply a day of rest to the people, but the observance of one day in each seven as a sabbath; be-cause to avail himself of the benefits of the exemption, one must be able to show the court that he has observed another day in the week than Sunday as a sab-bath. It is not sufficient to show that he has rested upon another day, or that he habitually rests upon another day ; but he must observe it " as a sabbath." This shows beyond the peradventure of a doubt that the object of the law is not to secure simply rest, but Sabbath ob-servance. In the State of Maine the statute pro-vides that " whoever on the Lord's Day keeps open his shop, workhouse, ware-house, or place of business, travels or  does any work, labor, or business on that day, except works of necessity or char-ity ; uses any sport, game, or recreation ; or is present at any dancing or public diversion, show or entertainment, or en-couraging the same, shall be punished by a fine not exceeding ten dollars." Such references might be extended in-definitely, all showing clearly that the purpose of Sunday legislation is not pri-marily to secure a day of rest to tired toilers, but to secure the observance of a day which has been set apart for reli-gious purposes. If the friends of Sunday legislation are desirous solely, or even chiefly, of se-curing for the people a day of rest, why do they persist in the use of the terms " Sabbath," " Lord's Day," etc.? and why do they insist that the rest must be on Sunday? Why not specify, for instance, that each employer shall arrange to give his employees one twenty-four-hour rest period each week, leaving it to the em-ployer and the employee to determine what day it shall be ? And why do the advocates of Sunday legislation in all the States not having exemption clauses, op-pose the granting of exemption clauses in favor of those who observe the sev-enth day? The fact is that Sunday is and always has been a religious institution. It " civil " only in the sense that it is en-forced by civil statute. It is no more civil than any other religious institution would be if enforced by civil law. Take, for instance, a parochial or church school, and let it be supported by public taxa-tion. Would that make it a civil institu-tion ? Would it divest the school of its religious or denominational character, simply because it had the support of the civil law ? Every one knows it would not ; and yet in a sense it would become a civil institution; that is, an institution of the state. The same is true of a legal church establishment. For instance, the Church of England is primarily a reli-gious institution, but it is likewise a civil institution, because it is supported by the state. The king is the legal head of the 