LIBERTY  65 creed, or form of worship, or to tax a man for its support. This gives to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, but denies to Caesar the things that belong to God. It is no opposition to the Christian re-ligion to say that it should not be taught in the public school. It has already been shown that such a move would lead to a union of church and state. This union is to secure support for religion from the state. Religion needs no such support: As stated by the supreme court of Wis-consin, " It is stronger and much purer without it. The connection of church and state corrupts religion, and makes the state despotic." The great thinker and writer Macaulay said : " The whole history of the Christian religion shows that she [the church} is in far greater danger of being corrupted by the alliance of power than of being crushed by its opposition." Benjamin Franklin spoke the truth when he said : " When religion is good, it will take care of itself ; when it is not able to take care of itself, and God does not see fit to take care of it, so that it has to appeal to the civil power for support, it is evidence to my mind that its cause is a bad one." Once more I quote from the Wisconsin Supreme Court decision rendered in the year 189o: " The priceless truths of the Bible are best taught to our youth in the church, the Sabbath, and the parochial schools, the social religious meetings, and above all by parents in the home circle. There those truths may be explained and en-forced, the spiritual welfare of the child guarded and protected, and his spiritual nature directed and cultivated." Then the question may well be asked. Why single out and teach the Christian religion in schools which are paid for and fostered by people of all religions and of no religion at all? The Moham-medan and the Hindu could just as log-ically demand that their faith be taught. Then the Hebrew is as much a citi-zen as the Christian. These classes all pay their taxes for the support of the public schools, and all are equally en- titled to their benefits. None of them can logically claim any favors because of religious belief. To demand this be-cause of a majority of adherents is to claim that numbers are an argument in favor of the truthfulness of the position held by the majority. This again opens the way for the establishment of some particular sect of Christians ; for the same authority that can establish Chris-tianity to the exclusion of other reli-gions, can with equal propriety establish some particular sect to the exclusion of all other sects. This is all opposed to the principles of true Americanism. As a reason for adopting the First Amendment to the national Constitution. Mr. Madison feared one sect might ob-tain a preeminence, or two or more sects combine and establish a religion to which they would compel others to conform. It was stated by a committee appointed from the House of Representatives and adopted by that body in 1829, that " the principles of our government do not rec-ognize in the majority any authority over the minority except in matters which re-gard the conduct of man to his fellow men." " The Constitution regards the conscience of the Jew as sacred as that of the Christian, and gives no more au-thority to adopt a measure affecting the conscience of a solitary individual than that of a whole community." Religious coercion is not only opposed to true Americanism, but it is opposed to true religious liberty. It is also opposed to the gospel of Jesus Christ, who said, " If any man hear my words, and believe not, I judge him not: for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." And again : " Therefore all things what-soever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them : for this is the law and the prophets." One of America's greatest statesmen, General Grant, said : " Let us labor for the se-curity of free thought, free speech, pure morals, unfettered religious sentiments, and equal rights and privileges of all men irrespective of nationality, color, or religion : encourage free schools, resolve 