LIBERTY 45 or more, and receive the valuable litera-ture of the League. Address Anti-Ciga-rette League, Woman's Temple, Chicago. The use of tobacco is the most popu-lar vice of the day, and to speak against it, marks one in most circles as " very peculiar," to say the least. The Seventh-day Adventist Church is to be congratu-lated upon its high stand upon this ques-tion, and leaders like Dr. David Paulson, who honors the League by being its pres-ident, and Dr. D. H. Kress, who has been made a national lecturer, are helping mightily to bring the question before the people. One talk a year by Dr. Paulson, according to principal and teachers, keeps a whole school free from tobacco. The fact that American women are taking up the cigarette habit is cause for alarm. Because of woman's more del-icate nervous organism, the road to the precipice is shorter for her than for her brother. Work, it is evident, must be done among the girls, as well as among the boys, to train them to ideas of absti-nence. Every school should take up the fight, and press and pulpit more vigor-ously sound the alarm. Let no one who has at heart the wel-fare of our boys and girls, fail to do his duty in this time of danger. The ciga-rette is our youth's most insidious foe, and its demoralizing and destructive op-erations are apparent everywhere. Chicago, III. Demonstrated Value of Prohibition C. M. SNOW IT is often argued by the opponents of prohibition that in those States and com-munities where it has been tried, it has proved valueless, that the people have come to regard it as a yoke of bondage rather than an aid to better citizenship. Such has not been the experience of Kansas, according to the Hon. Mr. Co-bern, secretary of agriculture in that State. In a recent address in Chicago he very plainly showed the excellent re- sults attending prohibitory enactment in the Sunflower State. As given by Mr. Cobern, the following are some of the benefits for which Kansas may be thank-ful to prohibition : Š " Prohibition was never before so pop-ular in Kansas as now, after a thirty years' trial. Its effects upon all phases of society's welfare have been helpfully wholesome, and the a foretime noisy threats of resubmission are no longer heard, even in whispers. Something of its beneficial influence upon society may be discerned in the official statistics, disclosing that at the end of the last fiscal year twenty-eight county poor-farms were without tenants; eighty-seven had no insane inmates, and fifty-four had no feeble-minded inmates. Twenty-one counties had no convicts in the pen-itentiary, thirty-six had no prisoners in the reformatory, fifty-two had no prison-ers serving sentence in their county jails, and sixteen counties were without a prisoner serving sentence in any institu-tion. Statistics show further that Kan-sas, with practically a fifth of New York's population, has less than one tenth the number of insane, and that Cook County, Illinois, furnishes more insane to the State hospitals and the institution at Dunning than the total pop-ulation of all the Kansas charitable, cor-rectional, and penal institutions com-bined." Governor Stubbs, of Kansas, who cer-tainly ought to have a knowledge of the actual conditions in his State, attributes the prosperous and peaceful conditions in his State to the prohibition of the liquor traffic. He says : Š " It is a common thing in Kansas, in a majority of the counties, not to have a prisoner in jail, and most of those fel-lows gathered in jails are there because of intoxicating liquors. There is a close relationship between drunkenness and jailsŁand penitentiaries. It means a great saving to the people of this State and nation in an economic way. " I expect while I am governor of Kansas to stand for the best thing in 