Leviticus 25: 10. " Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." VOL. XII THIRD QUARTER, 1917 NO. 3 SPEECHES WHICH SAVED FREEDOM AMERICAN OF THE PRESS By C. S. LONGACRL O Knapp Co., Inc. Patriots of 1776 Pledging Their Honor, Their For- tunes, and Their Lives to Liberty, in Independence Hall, Philadelphia. are on trial. The To AMERICA fundamental princi-ples of civil and re-ligious liberty, as set forth in the fed-eral Constitution, are being bitterly assailed by those who favor autocratic power. The free-dom of the press and of speech trem-bled in the balance and barely escaped a one-man censor-ship, clothed with absolute power, from whose deci-sions there was to be no appeal. One of the bitterest con-flicts waged in Congress for a long time, occurred over this issue, both in the Sen-ate and in the House of Representatives, no longer ago than the month of May this year. We take pleasure in printing some of the able speeches which were made in Congress, including newspaper editorials, which aided in saving to the country freedom of press and of speech. These ought to be read by everybody, so that the public may become aroused to the dangers which threaten American freedom. The immediate occasion has passed, but the fight is still on. The enemies of free speech and of a free press have democracy and freedom been checked, but not decisively de-feated. The assault on liberty will be renewed upon the first favorable op-portunity. From Senator Borah's Speech Mr. President : The First Amend-ment of the Consti-tution reads as fol-lows: "Congress shall make no law respect-ing an establishment of religion, or prohib-iting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances." What was the purpose of this Amend-ment to the Constitution? Was it de-signed to regulate and control a power already presumed to be in the national government, or was it merely declaratory concerning a power which it was believed the national government did not have, and which it was never intended to give it? For instance, " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion." Can Congress legislate upon that subject at all? Has it any power to pass a law concerning the establishment of religion? Is it a subject matter within the legislative discretion or power of 67 