SEVENTH-DAY ADVENTISTS ON TRIAL FOR NONCONFORMITY IN THE TWENTIETH CENTURY LIBERTY 25 letter of the law, and that it will so con-strue the spirit of the Vermont statutes. Verdict of Supreme Court of Oklahoma Judge Brett, in writing the opinion and decision of the Oklahoma court after the trial of a similar case, struck the taproot of essential justice and religious liberty with respect to the faith and practice of Sabbatarians, in the following terse and forceful statements: " I cannot, and would not if I could, make my conscience the standard of my brother. We are all fallible, and I would not assume the responsibility of forcing him to adopt my faith; for should I be wrong, my responsibil-ity would then be doubled. And the legislature intended to refrain from interfering with or coercing the conscience of those who uni-formly and conscientiously keep another day than the first day of the week as holy time. . . . " But it is facetiously argued by some courts that to say to these people they shall keep our Sunday. does not prevent them from also  keeping the day they regard as a `holy day.' But these courts overlook the fact that under the divine commandment these people are striving to obey, it is just as imperative that they work six days as it is that they rest on the seventh. And if their conscience compels them to rest one day, and the law forces them to also rest another, they would thus be forced to violate the first provision of the command-ment they are attempting conscientiously to keep." The supreme court of Oklahoma re-versed the judgment of the lower court, and remanded the cause, all three judges concurring in the opinion. We trust that the Vermont supreme court will take the same broad, liberal, and courageous po-sition in the Cantell case. The Maryland Persecution In Glenburnie, Maryland, a jealous neighbor observed Air. Grant Frank-lin and his son-in-law digging some potatoes in their garden on Sun-day, Oct. 28, 1917, and he im-mediately swore out a warrant for their arrest. Ex-amination was waived in the jus-tice's court, and a transcript was or-dered to the cir-cuit court at An-napolis, and they were each placed under $too bond. Their cases are now pending trial before the circuit court. Grant Franklin and his son-in- law are carpen- ters working for the Government at Camp Meade, in Maryland. The Gov- ernment pays these'men double wages for working on Sundays at Camp Meade; but when they stay at home one Sunday 