CONGRESSMAN H. S. BOUTELL, OF ILLINOIS 6 LIBERTY Caesar's Superscription THE question of the motto on the coins has been brought to the attention of Con-gress by the introduction into the House of Representatives of a bill directing that the words " In God We Trust" should be retained upon the coins of the United States. The author of this bill (Mr. Shep-pard of Texas) made a speech in its favor while the House was in committee of the whole on Tuesday, January 7. Mr. Boutell of Illinois followed with a brief speech, which we quote in full:Š Mr. Chairman, I have listened, as I am sure all the members of the committee have lis-tened, not only with great pleasure but with profit, to the eloquent remarks of the scholarly gen-tleman from Texas, and I think we wi:1 all concede that in every fit and appro-priate way the American people should show to the world that we are a God-fearing people. No nation has ever had greater cause to thank Providence for the career which it has had in its national life. But it seems to me, Mr. Chairman, there is an appropriate time and an appro-priate manner to show that trust in an overruling Providence. I presume that the appropriateness of time and place and manner of rendering unto God the things that are God's was never better shown than in that remarkable parable in which a coin was used as an illustration with such convincing effect. The way in which to show, Mr. Chairman. our trust in God is in our lives as indi-viduals and in our influence as a nation. There are, however, occasions whore the expression of our faith would be untimely and therefore irreverent. If the removal of this legend indicates that we have lost our faith as a people, or that the president in approving its removal was lacking in proper reverence and regard for national  ideals, then the criticisms of the gentleman from Texas would perhaps be justifiable. But do we strengthen our faith or reverently exhibit it by blazoning it upon our coinage? Following along the line of argument of the gentleman from Texas, it would be as appropriate to place this motto upon all the commissions and other documents that are issued by the United States. Let me close by reading the words of that par-able which, as I have said, show the proper time and place and manner of displaying our faith in Omnipotence and the propriety of discrim-inating between things worldly and things divine. I read from the twenty-second chapter of the Gospel accord-ing to St. Matthew, beginning at the fif-teenth verse :- 1 5. Then went the Pharisees, and took counsel how they might entangle him in his talk. 16. And they sent unto him their dis-ciples with the Hero-dians, saying, Master, we know that thou art true, and teachest the way of God in truth, neither carest thou for any man : for thou re-gardest not the person of men. 17. Tell us, there-fore, What thinkest thou? Is it lawful to give tribute unto Caesar, or not? i8. But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Why tempt ye me, ye hypocrites? to. Show me the tribute money. And they brought unto him a penny. 20. And he saith unto them, Whose is this image and superscription? 21. They say unto him, Cmsar's. Then saith he unto them, Render therefore unto Cxsar the things which are Cmsar's ; and unto God the things that are God's. 22. When they had heard these words, they marveled and left him, and went their way. This doctrine was sufficient warrant for the course pursued by the President, who has displayed good judgment, discrimina-ting taste, and a proper reverence. Mr. Chairman, let me repeat in closing,, that the place to show the faith to which the gentleman from Texas has so beauti-fully alluded is in the lives of our citizens and in the influence of our government, and let us make our coinage the sound coinage of a faith-keeping commonwealth.  