ALFONSO XIII, KING OF SPAIN 58 LIBERTY weighty body of French jurists known as the conseil d'etat.Š The Missionary Re-view of the World, January, 1913. Religious Toleration in Spain Spain is breaking with its intolerant past. Religious toleration is now se-cured for all evangelical workers, who find many ready to welcome their min- istry. The circulation of the Bible in-creases, and there is a greater willingness .to read gospel literature. In the recent synod of the Spanish Reformed Church, the ministers read encouraging reports of the divine blessing that rests upon their work, and told of increased self-support. The excesses of antireligious propaganda in Portugal have led seriously minded people to consider their duty to God. Evangelical literature is being read, and many new faces are seen at the services. Mission tours have brought the Lusita-nian Church into touch with Bible read-ers in rural districts, where work was formerly impossible; and in spite of the pervading political discontent, the church makes progress. Religious Liberty in the Caucasus From Trebizond, a station of the American Board in Asia Minor, on the southern shore of the Black Sea, the glad tidings of the gospel have spread into the near territory of Russia. One of its fruits is the Greek Protes-tant community of Azanta, Rus-sia, which has been frequently an object of persecution from the Russian officials in Sochoum. Some months ago these officials sealed the doors of the Protes-tant church and school, and for three months the faithful pastor and his little flock were pre-vented from holding services. At last the secretary of the Evangelical Alliance in St. Pe-tersburg secured an order from the government that such congre-gations should be permitted to enjoy religious liberty. It was night when the order reached Sochoum, but a Russian Baptist pastor, at the time visiting in that city, started at once with the glad tidings. After a carriage ride of three hours, and a walk through the dark woods of another three hours, he reached Azanta and aroused the pastor of the little flock. Together they rang the bell, that it should announce the good news through the darkness of the night. The villagers, fearing fire, sprang from their beds and rushed to the church in their night-clothes. There they were greeted with the joyful news of religious liberty, and 