LIBERTY 11 4. Those who do not regard Thanks-giving day as a " religious festival " or a " holy day," are guilty of " disloyalty to the commands of the church." 5. To treat the day in this way is a proof of " disloyalty to the commands of the state." 6. The Thanksgiving proclamation is a " command " of the state, and the dis-regard of such command " is as much , an act of disloyalty as any blow struck against the Union." Although we have always known that the Thanksgiving proclamation on the part of the president was in theory a violation of the strict interpretation of that principle of government which re-quires a total separation of church and state, yet we have not felt called upon to make any special issue of this question so long as the proclamation was regarded as a mere formal affair, and no attempt was made by it to compel the conduct of the people. When, however, this exec-utive proclamation is interpreted as a " command," and the failure to observe Thanksgiving day as a " holy day " and as a " religious festival " is made the basis for a charge of treason, this ques-tion is deserving of attention. If the president of the United States has the authority to command the observance of one day in the year as a " holy day," he has the same authority to command the observance of other days. If it is " dis-loyalty to the commands of the church," as well as " disloyalty to the commands of the state," to treat Thanksgiving day in any other way than as a " holy day," and if such conduct is " an act of dis-loyalty " and " in its essence an act of treason," then the disregard of any other command of the church and the state in behalf of religious observances would be equally reprehensible, and could be branded as treason in the same way. In view of the continued and persistent ef-forts of church leaders to secure the pas- sage of laws requiring the religious ob-servance of the first day of the week, it is easy to foretell what the result would be when such laws are secured, if any persons should turn the " holy day into a' pagan holiday." One does not need to listen very in-tently to such intolerant statements as are found in the quotation in this article, to hear the clanking of the chain, the sound of the prison door, and the voice of the judge pronouncing the death sen-tence. All this is included in the charge of treason. Whether it is ever wrought into experience may depend upon the watchfulness of the people, and their de-termined resistance against any encroach-ment upon their rights by those who would unite the church and the state, and enforce their own views of religion upon their fellow citizens. Expatriated by a False Theory IN New York City, on October 25, a sermon was preached by the Rev. J. M. Foster, setting forth the position held by the Reformed Presbyterian Church, with reference to the principles upon which our government was founded. He said in part : Š I wish to preach this afternoon on a special subject. That subject is, " Why Reformed Presbyterians Can Not Vote." I do so in explanation of the fact that when the coming election day arrives, there will be many men, members of this faith, who will not go to the ballot boxes, because they can not vote under the con-ditions which the United States govern-ment imposes. We ask nobody's sym-pathy when we urge that Christ is king, and since the United States government will not recognize his kingship, we are deprived of the right of being citizens of the United States. We acknowledge first the authority of God and of his law, and if the government of the United States does not acknowledge such a God . and such a law, we can not recognize that government. Giving allegiance only 