LIBERTY 15 Does the Sabbath Need Protection? Is the Sabbath in danger of destruction? There are many good people who talk to-clay as if it were, and the only way they can see to avert such a calamity is to se-cure legislative enactments to make all the people observe it. So they are continually calling for the enactment and enforcement of Sunday laws. If Sunday were the true Sabbath, it would still be true that Sunday legislation is not necessary to preserve the Sabbath from destruction. It would still be true that God's institutions do not need to be stayed up by human hands. The strength of such institutions is derived from their Author, not from man. The Sabbath is the Lord's. " The Sab-bath of the Lord " is a prominent phrase in the Old Testament. There was another thing to which the phrase denoting posses-sion was usually applied, and that was the ark which Moses made at God's direction to be put in the most holy place of the taber-nacle. " The ark of God " was its accus-tomed title. The ark was sacred; so also is the Sabbath. In the history of the ark a striking lesson is taught regarding God's care over a thing that is sacred to him. The ark was captured by the Philistines, and was set up by them in the temple of their god Dagon. Dagon twice fell on his face before the ark, the second time having his head and limbs lopped off. Other judg-ments came upon the Philistines till they were afraid to keep the ark, and sent it back to the Israelites. After it was again in the latter's hands, as it was being drawn upon a cart by oxen, the oxen stumbled, and Uzzah, to save the ark from falling to the ground, put out his hand and steadied it. Immediately God struck him dead. Uzzah was very zealous for the ark, and thought that harm would come to it if a human hand was not put forth to save it. He made a terrible mistake. The ark did not need any such protection. and no human being had any business to offer it. No hu-man hand was to be brought in contact with that sacred chest. God had' plainly specified this. and Uzzah should have known  and remembered it. The mere appearance of needed protection for the ark did not alter the fundamental truths pertaining to its character and ownership. We must look deeper than the surface of things, and not be misled by mere appearances. The " Sabbath of the Lord " is as sacred as was the " ark of God." If it seems to be in danger of falling to the ground, this does not signify that legislatures must put forth their human hands to stay it up Remember Uzzah. Let God steady the ark. He will preserve Sunday if it is his institu-tion ; and if it is not, then in the name of Christianity, let it go down. Man in the Place of God WHEN men make decrees binding their fellow men in matters of religion, they put themselves in the place of God, who alone has the authority and the right to bind the conscience. It was through man-made decrees binding the consciences of men that the papacy arose, and a man was finally exalted to a position where he as God " sat " in the temple of God," and received worship as a divine being. The like course followed to-day tends to pro-duce the like result. The enactment of religious laws tends to put the human law-makers in the place of God, not only by their assumption of a divine prerogative, but because their fellow men look to them as to God, they flatter them as being the mouthpieces of God to the people. Note the following illustration on this point: Š In a report of a Sunday-law hearing be-fore a committee of the Pennsylvania Leg-islature at Harrisburg, in 1894, Prof. David Steele, D. D., is quoted as having addressed the legislators in this fashion : Š You are our Christian representatives. We honor you: you have power over us, and we are to bow to your authority. The powers that be are ordained of God, and you are the powers that be. You represent God. Therefore you are God to us, and we beg of you not to make any laws that will lessen the respect for our sabbath. Such talk savors little of Christianity. The man who consents to he exalted by his fellow mortals is in danger of being hum-bled by the Lord. 