20 LIBERTY Things Move J. W. RAYMOND THE following is an editorial of the Binghamton (N. Y.) Press. It shows that the recent federation of churches is already operative, and that this keen-eyed editor sees the possibility of serious danger through the agency of this combination. And now let the same concerted action be brought to bear on Sunday enforcement legislation that has been in this instance on the question of temperance, and who can fail to see the result ? And you may look for it, for it is sure to come. The editorial referred to under the title, " Churches a Legislative Factor," follows: Š " A notable example of the power of organized public opinion was exhibited at the State Capitol Tuesday, when, in re-sponse to the votes taken in the churches in this State, the Tully-Wainright local option bill was taken from the Assembly Excise Committee and placed on the As-sembly calendar. The Excise Committee had twice voted against reporting the bill, and the action of the lower house, in voting to discharge the committee from further consideration of the measure, was a de-served rebuke to those who sought to pigeonhole the bill. " Whether or not the Tully-Wainwright bill becomes a law this year is of minor importance in comparison to the impor-tance of the concerted action of so many thousand church-members. The real meat of the situation is this : on a given diy, in a regular disciplined manner, men and women of many denominations asserted themselves and sent definite instructions to their legislative representatives to do a cer-tain thing. What they asked was done Š almost immediately. " An assemblyman who gets a petition signed by a large majority of the church-members in his district is under strong pressure to either do what they ask or give a convincing reason for refusing to comply with the request of those who petition him. " The churches of a community, State, or nation can exert great political power if their members so desire. But care should be taken by church-members to make sure that this power is not misdirected, or made of use by men or interests that may be actuated by motives not altogether disin-terested or Christlike." Sunday Legislation in Louisiana S. B. HORTON FOR several years there has been little if any agitation concerning Sunday laws in the Southern States, with the exception of Louisiana. The reason for this lies, perhaps, in the fact that most of the South-ern States have stringent statutes on Sun-day observance already. In fact, the relig-ious feature and intent of the Sunday law are to be found in every State except in Alabama, Louisiana, North Carolina, and Texas, in which States the ordinary name of the day, Sunday, is used in the statutes. But in all the other States the titles " Sab-bath " and " Lord's day " are applied in mentioning the day, thus showing the re-ligious sentiment underlying the legislation in behalf of Sunday observance. This year has witnessed some effort in the direction of amending the Louisiana statute so as to make it more restrictive. The present Sunday law of Louisiana in its terms does not appear to carry with it any religious sentiment. For the most part the law is designed to prevent the sale of whisky on Sunday, but does not prohibit ordinary labor, picnics, festivals, and ex-cursions on that day. Nor does it prohibit baseball and other games and amusements. Since 1886, however, repeated attempts have been made to make the law more restrictive, to the end that Sunday observ-ance in Louisiana should bear the stamp of the so-called " American sabbath," in-stead of continuing to be recognized as the " wild solar holiday of all pagan times," the State having been anciently composed of Latin peoples and their descendants. One amendment closing the barber shops on Sunday in all parishes outside of Orleans parish was passed in 1892. Further legis-lation on the subject has failed until this session of the legislature, which has before it an amendment applying to the parish of Orleans. It seems likely at this writing that this amendment will pass, giving to the city council of New Orleans the privi-lege (if it is desired) of closing or regula-ting the tonsorial profession on Sunday. This amendment is the outcome of an agitation carried on by those barbers who desire the day off, but fearing that those who do not wish to close their shops on Sunday may secure more than their share of the trade, want to compel the closing up 