PERIOD OF INDUSTRIES AFFECTED. REST. One day in seven. One day in seven (by im-plication). Twenty - f our hours in each week. One day in the week. All Drug clerks  Commercial occupations, industrial processes, transportation, a n d communication. Bakeries and confection-eries. One day in Drug clerks  two weeks. 92 LIBERTY REST-DAY LAWS MAXIMUM PERIOD STATE. CITATION TO LAW. OF WORK. California  Code, 1906, p. 722  Six days in seven  Codes, 1906, Act No. Sixty hours during six 2665, as am'd by L. consecutive days in one 1907, ch. 224. week. C. 1907, ch. 577  Six days in seven  Rev. Stat., 1899, II o- Six days in seven, begin- o88, 10,093. ning Sunday afternoon and running to follow-ing Saturday afternoon. Health Law, Aggregate number of hours in two weeks, 140. Massachusetts Missouri  New York  Public 240. One day seven (by plication). Pennsylvania ... Digest, p. 62  Six days in one week...  in Bakers and confectioners. itn Wisconsin  191.9, ch. 341  Six days in seven  One day in Firemen in fire depart- seven. ments of cities of sec- ond and third class with 30,000 or more population.      Why I Am Against Liquor (Continued from page 87) bad. It is a help only to thieves and rob-bers, and I have seen them use it over and over again as a means to lure the fisherman and sailor to his destruction. Saloons and haunts of vice swarm around most seaports, and it is as easy for the liquor seller to prey on the newly landed sailor, with his pockets full of money, his generous and simple nature, and his lack of friends in a strange place, as it is for any other vulture to prey on carrion. How many times have I seen our poor fellows robbed of their money, of their self-respect, and even of their lives by the liquor sellers! Evil Results Quickly Appear Alcohol is not allowed to be sold on any part of the coast on which we are working; but as surely as it comes and an illicit sale begins, one sees its evil re-sults as quickly as if, instead of alcohol,  it had been the germ of diphtheria or smallpox. While I have been lying at anchor in Labrador harbors, women have come off to the ship after dark, secretly, for fear of being seen, to ask me for God's sake to try to prevent its being sold near them, as their sons and husbands were being debauched, and even their girls were in danger. I have seen it come among the Eski-mos. It kills our natives as arsenic kills flies, and it robs them of everything that would differentiate them as human be-ings from the beasts. Liquor at Sea Why don't I want to see liquor used at sea? Because when I go down for a watch below, I want to feel that the man at the wheel sees only one light when there is only one light to see; that when the safety of the ship and all it carries depends on the cool head, the instant resolve, and the steady hand of the helmsman, there is not standing there in place of the man, the poor, debased crea- 