LIBERTY 125 There is not complete religious liberty where any one sect is favored by the state and given an advantage by law over other sects. What-ever establishes a distinction against one class or sect is to the extent which the distinction operates unfavorably, a persecution, and if based on religious grounds, a religious perse-cution. The extent of the discrimination is not material to the principle, it is enough that it creates an inequality of right or privilege.Š"Constitutional Limitations," by Cooley, fifth edition, page 580. We humbly recommend a careful study of this paragraph to the men who com-pose the editorial staff of the Christian Statesman. Americans cannot be too jealous of the rights purchased by blood and sealed to them by patriotism and self-sacrifice. Eternal vigilance has not ceased to be the price of liberty. Los Angeles, Cal. Religious Laws Enforced by the State Are Un-American and Un-Christian W. E. GERALD Tut: heredity and training of many persons lead them to take for granted that the enf2rced observance of Sunday as a day of rest is perfectly proper even under our American ideal of govern-ment. I am sure that all who will can-didly and thoroughly study the bedrock principle of separation of church and state will be convinced that Sunday laws are not only un-American but un-Chris-tian. It was good American doctrine and good Christian doctrine that was uttered by one of our forefathers when he said that " governments do not have a shadow of right to meddle with religion ; " and the idea that the sphere of civil govern-ments is in civil matters and not in reli-gious matters is clearly set forth in the First Amendment to the Constitution, which prohibits Congress from making laws respecting an establishment of re-ligion or interfering with the free exer-cise thereof. Sunday laws are confined mostly to the States, and are a relic of medievalism and the regime of European countries. Their systems of government have al-ways, since the days of Constantine, in- volved the error of union of church and state. Part of the time the state dom-inated the church, and part of the time the church dominated the state. Of the first we have a concrete example today in  the autocratic government of Russia. It was the church which was uppermost when Bloody Mary ruled in England. The question back there was, " Will you ac-knowledge and espouse the Catholic re-ligion, or burn at the stake? " The ques-tion today is, " Will you observe the Catholic holy day, or be fined and go to jail?" For proof that Sunday is a Catholic holy day, one can easily satisfy himself by a few minutes' perusal of an encyclo-pedia, or by reading the " Doctrinal Catechism of the Catholic Church," or recent communications from leading prel-ates of that church in which they main-tain the right, authority, power, and fact of this substitution of Sunday as a day of rest and worship in place of the orig-inal seventh-day Sabbath, now known as Saturday. The Bible tells of a great power that would attempt to make this change. See Dan. 7: 25; 2 Thess: 2: 3, 4; Rev. 13 : 14, 15. Sunday laws upon the statute books of the States are unconstitutional because they are to a certain degree an " estab- lishment of religion,"Š the very thing the American constitutions prohibit. Par- ticular ordinances of religion may con-stitute the customs of the majority, but that does not make it right to enforce them upon the minority. The excuse is often brought forward 