38 LIBERTY to the justice of the peace. They gave me a good lecture, and then turned me free, as the law of this State gives me the right to work on Sunday; but the constable told me that if he ever saw me at work on Sunday again, as soon as he saw me it would disturb him, and he would arrest me. So you plainly see the spirit actuating him. There are two stores here that keep open almost every Sunday and sell anything they keep in stock, yet disturb no one; but lo and behold, as soon as a Sabbath keeper picks a few peas, even away from the road and out of sight of the general public, the constable is so disturbed that he hunts him up and ar-rests him. The justice of the peace said, " If a man actually religiously observes another day as the Sabbath than Sunday the law gives him the right to work on Sunday." But how can he tell whether a man " reli-giously" observes a day or not? This will call into existence that famous institution of the Middle Ages, the Inquisition, with all that it means. The justice seemed to doubt my candor in claiming to keep the Sabbath, as there is no other Seventh-day Adventist closer than fifty or sixty miles. I began to see myself marched off to jail, in my own imagination ; but he finally gave me a lecture, telling me what a bad example I was setting before the rising generation, and that I would better not work on Sunday any more. I told him, as one of old, " Whether it be right in the sight of God to hearken unto you more than unto God, judge ye." Yours for victory, M. M. JACKSON. Here an isolated Sabbath keeper is harassed and threatened because he ex-ercised his constitutional and statutory right to work on the first day of the week after having rested on the seventh day. Of course, the latter fact makes no real difference so far as the principle of such legislation is concerned, for ev-ery man has the natural right to work when he will, but it shows most unmis-takably the religious character of such legislation. Section 2033 of Mansfield's Digest of the Statutes of Arkansas pro-vides that,Š No person who from religious beliefs keeps any other day than the first day of the week as the Sabbath shall be required to observe the first day of the week, usually called the Christian sabbath, and shall not be liable to the penalties enacted against Sabbath break-ing; Provided, no store or saloon shall be kept open or business carried on there on the  Christian sabbath; and provided further, no person so observing any other day shall dis-turb any religious congregation by his avoca-tions or employments. This shows plainly enough that the in-tent of the law is to secure the religious observance of a day, preferably the first day, but, if not that, then the seventh day must be observed " from religious beliefs," that is, we take it, from reli-gious motives, or conscientiously. The " civil sabbath " so called is a fraud, it is nothing more nor less than a religious institution enforced by civil statute; the Fourth of July, Labor Day, Decoration Day, etc., are civil institu-tions not only because they are author-ized by civil statute, but because they have reference to civil things. Thanks-giving and Christmas may also be in-cluded among our civil institutions; for while these days are more or less reli-gious in origin and character, the State makes no effort to enforce them on any-body, but simply makes them holidays, leaving every one free to observe them if he will, or utterly to ignore them if he so elects. Touching these semireligious days the States merely recognize the fact that a large number of people desire to be free on these days from the ordinary demands of business, therefore they are merely made dies non, or days upon which public business cannot be legally transacted. Notes or other commercial paper maturing on such days are due and payable without penalty or protest on the following day, but nobody in pri-vate business is required to observe a civil holiday. No man is required to close his store or shop, nobody is liable to any penalty for doing ordinary labor on such a day. In such cases, the law seeks to protect and gratify the people, not to safeguard and honor a day, nor to require that homage be paid to the Divine Being. But it is different with Sunday, the motive underlying all Sunday legislation is religious, not civil. Primarily it is the day that is to be honored, and not the people to be protected. This is shown by 