52 LIBERTY In Russia the Bolsheviki have nationalized all real estate and all public utilities and factories, together with much personal property, and they so control all supplies that it is impossible for members of the upper and middle classes to pro-cure the necessaries of life. It is not a question of price, or of having money, but of finding any one who will sell to the proscribed classes at any price. Those who renounce their property or business and become laboring people, or prole-tarians, may live, but others must starve to death, perish from cold, or be killed by those  bureaucracy had prepared in Russia a most fruitful soil for the growth of this particular type of radicalism, but the Romanoff system was able to repress the rising spirit of revolt until the horrors and abuses of the Great War, coupled with German money and German prop-aganda, set the furies free, deposed the czar, and instituted nominally the rule of the soviets, but in reality the despotism of two men, Le-nine and Trotzky. These men are not worse than other men; they may even be better than many others. General View of Petrograd, Russia who are determined that all members of human society shall be reduced to a common level. If we may credit apparently trustworthy re-ports, thousands of formerly well-to-do people, members of the middle and upper classes, in Russia, deprived of any means of leaving the country and prevented by the Bolshevist card system from purchasing food, raiment, or fuel, have perished miserably from hunger and cold, while other thousands have been done to death in various ways, ranging from secret assassina-tion to wholesale drowning and artillery or machine-gun fire. Probably descriptions of the scenes of the Reign of Terror in France a cen-tury ago will pale into insignificance when the complete story of the reign of the Red Terror in Russia can be fully told, if it can ever be. The danger that threatens today is that Bol-shevism will become world-wide. Already it has spread most alarmingly. As sn organized movement, Bolshevism had its rise in Russia in 1903, only sixteen years ago. Czarism and  But they have a philosophy that drives them to extremes they would gladly avoid could they do so without renouncing their political goal Šthe liberation of men and women everywhere from wage slavery. There is inequality. The world is full of it. Millions toil week in and week out for a bare living, with little or no provision against sick-ness or old age, while thousands live in ease with an abundance laid up for a rainy day. Why should this be so? Is it right? Is it just? Presented in these terms, there can be, from the standpoint of the average laborer, but one answer to the questions raised; namely, It is not right. It is not just. But there is another feature of Bolshevism, -- the rule of the soviets, or trade-unions. The working people, all of them, form unions of the various industries. These elect representatives to the local soviets, and these in turn send members to the national soviet, or congress. Thus only the working people are represented, 