THOMAS JEFFERSON Jefferson's Prophec?Nearing Fulfilment JEFFERSON, and a number of his Com-patriots who were. fighting the battle of religious freedom while the soldiers were fighting for civil liberty in Amer-ica, saw that civil liberty could not be permanently triumphant unless full re-ligious liberty was accorded to all Amer-ican citizens. Jefferson and Madison were the Luther and Melanchthon of the American reformation, a n d were opposed to the civil govern-ment having any-thing whatsoever to do with regula-ting and enforcing religious  observ-ances of any kind.  Liberalism s u p -ported them gener-ously in this move-ment for religious freedom. They knew that the safety of the new republic could not be entrusted to the guardianship of liberalism, which is honey-combed with self-interests and forgetful of future contin-gencies, and unless the Constitution was properly safeguarded and fortified by its own statutes, the intolerant spirit of state-churchism would soon lift its ven-omous head and hand again, and would revive the old religious laws of the days of medievalism and Puritanism, by pros-ecuting Sabbatarians for Sunday labor, and establishing religion by law. Jefferson sensed the gravity of the sit-uation and the importance of starting the ship of state on the right course. He saw that unless the church and state were completely separated, and all religious laws were removed from the statute-books, the religious zealots would try to revive every existing fragment of relig- 178 ions legislation, even though such laws were considered as " dead letters " for centuries. As a wise statesman, he viewed the future in the light of the past, and after sober reflection and introspec-tion, he uttered a solemn prophecy con-cerning the future of the new republic. 0, would to God, that his warning message might have been heeded, and that all the " religious shack-les " might have been " knocked off " at the time of the founding of our government ! Then our personal liberties might have been secured to us, and the prison,  dungeon, and  chain - gang would never have been used again, as they were recently. to incarcerate faithful and de-v o t e d Christian Sabbath - keepers because they would not also keep Sunday ac-cording to state law. Jefferson prophesied : " Besides, the spirit of the times may alter, will alter. Our rulers will become corrupt, our peo-ple careless. A single zealot may com-mence persecution, and better men be his victims. It can never be too often re-peated that the time for fixing every es-sential right on a legal basis is while our rulers are honest, and ourselves united. From the conclusion of this war we shall be going down-hill. It will not then be necessary to resort every moment to the people for support. They will be for-gotten, therefore, and their rights disre-garded. They will forget themselves, but in the sole faculty of money making, and will never think of uniting to effect a due 