28  LIBERTY Sabbath, instead of Sunday. Let the Sunday-law advocate ponder over this question when he wants to compel a Sab-batarian to observe Sunday. ABOUT one year ago, at the meeting of the Federal Council of the Churches of Christ in America held in Chicago, it was decided to establish in Washington a bu-reau for the purpose of conserving the_ interests and furthering the projects of the Federal Council. There has now been chosen as the head of this bureau Dr. H. K. Carroll, the former special agent of the government Census Bureau. Dr. Carroll's name has become more familiar perhaps through his work as a church statistician. The press notices of his ap-pointment to this position stated that the  new office would be opened the first of the year, and that Dr. Carroll will sustain the same relation to Protestant interests ,at the national Capitol that Dr. Ketcham, of the Roman Catholic Church, sustains to Catholic interests. Dr. Ketcham's efforts have been directed toward the promotion of legislation favorable to Catholic pur-poses and the prevention of legislation that might be considered inimical to such purposes. It will doubtless develop that where the interests of the two organiza-tions are similar or identical, the two bureaus will be found working in har-mony. This is a development that has long been foreseen, and the creation of this new bureau is another step toward the long-predicted dominance of religious leaders in the civil affairs of the nation. History is repeating itself. The Tennessee Sunday-Law Case TIIE trial of J. S. Rooker, a member of the Seventh-day Adventist Church, who was indicted by the grand jury of Humphreys County, Tennessee, for hoe-ing corn in his own field on Sunday, took place in the courthouse at Waverly, Tenn., on December i6. Hon. Cyrus Simmons was the attorney for the de-fendant, and Attorney-General Bowman prosecuted the case for the State of Ten-nessee. The trial lasted for three hours, and the jurymen deliberated for another hour before they could come to any agreement. The first ballot was eight to four in favor of acquitting the defend-ant, but they finally brought in a verdict of guilty, and the court fined the defend-ant, one dollar and costs. The following interesting facts were developed during the trial : All the prosecuting witnesses ad-mitted that they had occasionally worked on Sunday. 2. Many of the defendant's neighbors  worked regularly on Sundays and were never prosecuted. 3. The national and State constitutions are subordinate to the judicial decision of.  the State supreme court. 4. The plea for the rights of con-science and religious convictions, as set forth in the bill of rights, is of no avail in the face of a judicial decision which requires all people to observe Sunday. 5. It is no defense that the accused conscientiously believes in observing and actually observes the seventh day of the week in preference to the first day, but he must also observe the first day. 6. The accused had worked part of four. Sundays during the past year in his cornfield, which is three miles from a public road and out of sight of any pub-lic building, and none of the prosecuting witnesses saw him work, only meeting him going to and coming from his field; yet he was convicted cm the ground that the work done was a public nuisance. 