Religious Liberty Defined by Our State Department BY CLAUDE E. HOLMES IN 1895 considerable diplomatic corre-spondence passed between our represent-ative to Russia and officials of the czar. American citizens were being discrimi-nated against by the Russian government because of their religion. This of course brought on a discussion of the principles involved. It gave our statesmen an op-portunity to affirm the rights of con-science, which are so greatly esteemed by the citizens of the American Republic. What is Religious Liberty? At this time Baron Osten-Sacken, of Russia, requested our ambassador to that country, Clifton R. Breckinridge, to " give him the language of our organic law in regard to religious liberty." In response to this inquiry Mr. Breckin-ridge wrote: Š " LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES, " St. Petersburg, June 25, 1895. " YOUR EXCELLENCY : Referring to our re-cent conversation upon the subject of the exercise of consular or foreign jurisdiction within the limits of the United States upon matters respecting a religious establishment or belief, I now comply with your request for a statement of the language of our Con-stitution with reference to the power of the United States government itself to exercise such jurisdiction. " I will just call your attention to the pe-culiar character of our Constitutional require-ments. " The States existed separately and inde-pendently before the general government ex-isted. They created the general government. It is true that many new States have been admitted into the Union since the original States created the government, but this has been out of territory originally ceded to the general government by the States Š land which at that time lay beyond the settled zone Š or out of land since acquired by the general gov-ernment by purchase or conquest, and in a way originally provided for. " So when the States created the general government, they 'granted' and ' delegated ' certain powers to it, as enumerated in the Constitution, and they retained all the other powers themselves. Our government has very great powers. It is supreme within the limits  of those powers, but the point is that it can lawfully do nothing unless the power to do so has been granted to it. " It is a very serious matter to us, then, when our government is desired to conform to a policy, if the power to do so has not been delegated to it. It cannot assume the power or get it in any other way except by a change of the Constitution granting the government that power. " The very great difficulty  of effecting a change in the Constitution will be readily seen when it is stated that it takes two thirds of both branches of Congress or two thirds of the States to propose an amendment; and after it is proposed, it requires a majority vote in three fourths of the States to adopt it. Such is the difficulty that no changes have been made except at two periods of our his-tory. The first was the period, just after the formation of our government, ending in 1804. Then there was no change until 1865, at the close of the Civil War, when certain changes were made as the result of that great war... . " Although Congress has not been granted any power in regard to religious matters, so great was the fear of the States and the peo-ple that Congress might upon pretext attempt such legislation that the first of all the amend-ments, Article I, says, ' Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.' " Thus you will see, my government is pro-hibited in the most positive manner by the very law of its existence from even attempting to put any form of limitation upon any of its citizens by reason of his religious belief."Š"Foreign Relations," 1895, p. 1063. About the same time Mr. Breckinridge addressed a similar communication to Prince Lobanow, of Russia. In it he stated that " it is not Constitutionally within the power of the United States government, or any of its authorities, to apply a religious test in qualification of equal rights of all citizens of the United States, and no law or principle is more warmly cherished by the American peo-ple. It is therefore impossible for my government to acquiesce in any manner in the application of such a test within its jurisdiction by the agents of a foreign power."Š Id., p. 1057. 217 