LIBERTY The Evolutionary Hypothesis, and Its Influence on School Life GEORGE W. RINE THE evolutionary hypothesis has be-come thoroughly intrenched in the col-leges and universities of christendom. The late Professor Le Conte said, "Among scientific men there is no longer any discussion of the truth of this law [law of evolution], but only of the theories of the cause of this law." This assertion is as true to-day respecting college teachers as it is of scientific men. In five hundred institutions of higher education in the United States, two hun-dred thirty-five thousand students receive daily instruction from nearly twenty-two thousand professors and assistants. To use the words of the noted mag-azine writer, Mr. Harold Bolce " Auto-matically the teachings of the professor sink into the student mind. What the scholar in the chair of authority says is gospel. He is usually a man of force and genius, and often magnetic. He has a following. Some of the class-rooms are so crowded that seating room is at a premium. That is why, if the teachings of the professor are wrong, they are un-usually dangerous. . . . The college is obviously one of the mighty factors in fashioning American life. For good or bad results, the professors in these in-stitutions have been shaping modern thought. The colleges will be the first to admit that they exert a powerful influ-ence upon current thought and conduct." President Nicholas Murray Butler, of Columbia University, asserts that all gen-uine university teaching of to-day is based upon the evolution dogma in its all-comprehensive sweep. This being true, it follows that an army of nearly a quarter million young men and women is every year, in America alone, inocu-lated with the virus of the evolution hy-pothesis. We should know, too, that this hypothesis is in our day made to account for the origin and development not only  of the physical universe, but of the in-tellectual, the ethical, and the spiritual world as well. It is the consensus of the scholarly champions of evolution that its laws operate just as completely in the sphere of religion as in that of matter. With but very few exceptions, college professors now teach that all religions, including Christianity, are the outgrowth of the ubiquitous evolutionary process. The learned Anglican divine, Canon Gore, testifies that the New Theology, which is effectually permeating the his-toric Protestant churches, is the offspring of evolution. That is, were it not for the dogma of evolution the so-called New Theology would not be possible. The question, therefore, What does the New Theology teach? is pertinent. In its teaching about God, the New Theology lays its supreme stress upon what is called the " divine immanence" in nature and man. By this is meant that God is not the sovereign Lord and Judge, but the universal Spirit, manifesting himself in all things and all men ; that God is re-vealed not otherwise than within nature and within man ; that God is the self of the universe ; that he is my deepest self and yours ; that there is no dividing line between our being and God's ; that we are of one substance with God ; that man's soul is a conscious spark of the universal God ; and that each person should be able to say with Jesus, " I and my Father are one." The Rev. Dr. R. J. Campbell, of Lon-don, the leader of the New Theology movement in Great Britain, boldly de-clares : " Fundamentally, the individual is one with the whole race and with God. Strictly speaking, the human and the divine are two categories which shade into and imply each other. Humanity is divinity viewed from below. Divinity is humanity viewed from above. . . . There 