22 LIBERTY dom to act out his own harmless convic-tions. It is indeed strange that, with all the lessons of history to teach them better, and with the Scriptures pointing them consistently to a more excellent way, so many Christians should be engaged in efforts to compel men by law to do what they (the Christians) think is right. Even a good act, when performed under compulsion, loses its virtue. Nothing would be gained for the cause of true religion by compelling people to act as if they were Christians when they are not. Christ never asked his disciples to bring in converts by any such means. " Go ye into all the world," he said, " and preach the gospel to every crea-ture." He relied upon the converting power of truth to extend his kingdom. They are no true representatives of Jesus of Nazareth who seek to mislead govern-ments as to their proper sphere, and ask for the aid of the state to bring about reforms which are worthless unless first accomplished in the realm of conscience. The Injustice of Sunday Laws M. C. WILCOX THERE are many men who will not plead for mercy who will plead for jus-tice. It is Addison who said, " There is no virtue so truly great and godlike as jus-tice." So strong a hold does this virtue have upon the true man, that, as the same author again remarks, " Justice discards party, friendship, kindred, and is therefore represented as blind." And the eminent Burke declares, " Justice is itself the great standing policy of civil society; and any eminent departure from' it under any circumstances, lies under the suspicion of being no policy at all." A society or state thus organized or ad-ministered is without a foundation, and is bound to fall. And therefore in the language of Sidney Smith we may say of justice, " Truth is its handmaid, Free-dom its child, Peace its companion, Safety walks in its steps, Victory follows  in its train; it is the brightest emanation from' the gospel ; it is the attribute of God." Let me reason with my readers on the application of this important prin-ciple to the question of Sabbath laws, Sunday laws, or any other class, or re-ligious, legislation ; for assuredly we all believe that justice is not a matter of classes, religious or political, not a mat-ter of majorities, not a matter of nation-ality, not a matter of wealth or power or influence. True and simple justice knows none of these distinctions. Let me say, further, that the writer and his associates in the advocacy of re-ligious liberty sympathize with every true effort to save men and preserve so-ciety. We deplore the crime, the wick-edness, the sin, wrought upon all days. But to attempt to correct or suppress these things by law upon only one day of the week is not to oppose the wrong, per se, but to oppose certain things upon a certain day. Such legislation is never in behalf of the man, but always in be-half of the institution. And the merest tyro in history knows that taws in behalf of institutions instead of men, have al-ways resulted in inequality and injustice. Such a law exalts the institution and not the state. It labels as " loyal " and " patriotic " those who support the insti-tution,Š wrongly fostered by civil law, Š and labels as " unpatriotic," " dishon-orable," " recreant," those who conscien-tiously oppose it, but who are equally good citizens. It needs not to be said to every just and thinking man that such a law is in-equitable, and its enforcement is bound to work injustice, whatever the motives of its supporters. Such a law will destroy the boasted equality of Americans. It will designate the class which favors Sunday laws as friends of the government and the na-tion ; and it will seek to place those who oppose them in the position of the na-tion's enemies. And yet the opposers of a Sunday law may be as good citizens, as pure patriots, as conscientious Chris- 