162  LIBERTY can they be trusted with the ballot? The fact is, a man's actions are solely con-trolled by his own mind and conscience, being the results of his opinions and inner convictions, and we know that these can be formed only by good example, moral suasion, and education. . . . The great and all-absorbing question is, What are we going to do about it? Are we to stand meekly by while the fet-ters are being put on us, or shall we or-ganize to manfully oppose . . . all these unholy attempts at Puritanizing the United States, to defend the liberties guaranteed by the Constitution, and to uphold at all hazards the cherished tra- ditions handed down to us by the found-ers of the republic? . . . Every observing man can see that American liberty is in distress. If neither of the great political parties will have the courage to come to its rescue, a great new party is destined to enter the arena, composed of all the liberal-thinking men of the nation and determined to enforce our great bill of rights in letter and in spirit, and to ver-ify, if need be, the inscription written on their flying banners in the immortal words of Patrick Henry : " Give me lib-erty or give me death! "ÑFrom the Congressional Record of July 9, 1913, pages 2664-2666. ttÔ  tt, Forces Antagonistic to the American Government F. W. STRAY THERE was a time when the people lived in dense ignorance, and as a conse-quence they were destroyed because of a lack of knowledge. Kings and priests connived together to keep the people in ignorance of the fundamental principles of human liberty and their natural rights of self-government. There was no free-dom of conscience until the Word of God had free course, and light was dis-seminated everywhere. The Bible is the greatest educator of all books in the principles of religious liberty and self-government. According to Lincoln's Gettysburg speech, this is a governmeht by the peo-ple; and when the people do not under-stand the principles of liberty and the science of self-government, then the reign of liberty comes to an end. If the system of self-government is to continue as it was begun, then each succeeding generation must be educated in the prin-ciples of separation of church and state, and civil and religious liberty for each individual. As long as the generation of the founders of this government lived, not much could be done to overthrow lib-erty; but just when that generation was about gone, an effort was made, in 1830,  to undermine the principles of religious freedom in the Sunday-mail petitions to Congress. Some of the old guard still lived, and in refusing to turn back, the principles of liberty were restated with great clearness. The enemy ceased to antagonize openly for another genera-tion after they had been rebuked by Con-gress, until 1863, when the National Re-form Association was organized for the express purpose of reforming our gov-ernment on Old World lines: Since then, our higher institutions of learning have become tainted with the doctrines of a theocratic government, which gives little attention to the rights of individual freedom and the science of self-govern-ment. As the so-called higher institu-tions of learning furnish nearly all the leading ministers for the church and edu-cators for the schools, it follows that most of the people are kept in ignorance of liberty. As in the first centuries, the philosophers of today recommend their own writings instead of the Bible; and the people, ignorant of true liberty, are ready to follow their blind leaders back into Old World government ; thus the ignorance of the people in the principles of liberty constitutes the greatest force antagonistic to our free government. A 