LIBERTY 55 At this writing ( January 3o), no one can tell for certain what the Sixty-fourth Congress will do touching this question before final adjournment on March 4. But it is highly probable that it will do nothing. It is a foregone conclusion, however. that the assaults of the Sunday- COL. RICHARD M. JOHNSON Author of the famous Sunday Mail Report, which declared that Congress had no Constitutional power to enact a Sunday law. law advocates upon the liberties of the people will be renewed very early in the life of the Sixty-fifth Congress. But be that as it may, there are two points of deepest interest in the report of the meeting of the Pastors' Federa-tion, quoted from the Times. The first of these is "rights," or power, of the District Commissioners " under their po-lice powers ; " and the other is the fact that this so-called power is derived from " an act passed by the Maryland Legis-lature in 1723, bequeathed to the Dis-trict," as Attorney Millan says, " when the territory was ceded to the federal government." And just now it occurs to us that the second point Š the source of the powers of the District Commissioners Š should be considered first, inasmuch as a good many things have happened, and consid-erable progress has been made along cer-tain lines, since the year 1723. Let us  see ; that was nearly two centuries, or. to be exact, one hundred and ninety-four years ago. It was fifty-three years be-fore the signing of the Declaration of Independence, and sixty-four years prior to. the meeting of the convention that framed our federal Constitution, a docu-ment which is supposed by some to have superseded, for the District of Columbia at least, the English charter under which the colonial legislature of Maryland was operating in 1723. 'Tis passing strange, from one stand-point, how naturally the Sunday-law ad-vocates hark back to colonial days, to colonial charters, to the legislation of 29 Charles II, etc., to find a legal basis for the enforcement of Sunday " rest " upon other people. Do they not realize that two wars were fought by our forefathers to get away from all that sort of thing. and to establish the right of the Amer-ican people to frame their own constitu-tions and to make their own laws? They do not seem to think of this; but the rank and file of the people have not forgotten it, nor are they likely to forget what it cost their forbears to secure the liberties we now enjoy. Is the Constitution of the United States too liberal for the Sunday-law advocates, that they must needs appeal for their authority to the legislation of the first quarter of the eighteenth century? It certainly seems so. What Is " Police Power "? The first point has to do with the police power. What is the police power? Referring to an authority familiar to all, and convenient for reference (the New Standard Dictionary), we find that the " police power " is " the power of the state, through all its agencies, both gen-eral and local, to preserve order, regu-late intercourse between citizens, and in-sure to each the lawful enjoyment of his rights. It embraces, in its most com-prehensive sense, the whole system of internal regulation, and extends to the protection of the lives, limbs, health, com-fort, and quiet of all persons, and the pro-tection of all property. within the state." 