LIBERTY  7 Catholics, to attend church on Sunday, thus again violating one of the principles of lib-erty which belongs to the individual, and for which the flag stands. To coerce any one in religious matters, to deprive one of his right to work, or rest, to worship, or not to worship, to attend church on Sunday, or to remain away from church on that or any other day, is acting the part of a traitor to the American flag as truly as did Benedict Arnold, though we grant that such acts are often done igno-rantly. But such acts themselves are as niuch opposed to the principles represented by our flag as was any act of King George They deny the individual right of lib-erty They represent the principles of the pirate, and those advocating them should display the black flag, with the skull and cross bones, saying, " We grant no liberty; we respect no rights." Liberty Bell C. M. SNOW ONE of the most sacred relics of the early history of the United States is the old Lib-erty Bell, whose vibrant lips pealed out on the evening of July 4, 1776, the birth notes of American freedom. It is venerated by every lover of liberty in the country to whose inhabitants it spoke on that mem-orable day, not for its intrinsic value, but because of the message which it bore to the people. At the session of the Pennsylvania As- INDEPENDENCE HALL, PHILADELPHIA, PA. sembly for 1750-51, the House passed a resolution directing that the superintendents provide a bell for the State House " of such weight and dimensions as they shall think suitable." This committee a few months later prepared the following letter, which  resulted in the first casting of what has since been known as " the Liberty Bell ": Ñ To Robert Charles of London, Nov. 1, 1751. RESPECTED FRIEND : The Assembly having or-dered us (the Superintendents of the State House) to procure a bell from England, to be purchased for their use, we take the liberty to apply ourselves to thee to get us a good bell of about 2,000 pounds weight, the cost of which we may presume may amount to about one hundred pounds sterling, or perhaps with the charges, etc., more. We hope and rely upon thy care and assistance in this affair, that thou wilt procure and forward it by the first opportunity, as our workmen in-form us it will be less trouble to hang the bell LIBERTY BELL before their scaffolds are struck from the build-ing, where we intend to place it, which will not be done until the end of next summer, or the beginning of fall. Let the bell be cast by the best workmen, and examine carefully before it is shipped, with the following words well shaped, in large letters around it, viz : Ñ " By order of the Assembly of Pennsy., for the State House in the city of Phila., 1752." And underneath,Ñ " Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof." Lev. 25: to. As we have experienced thy readiness to serve this province on all occasions, we desire it may be our excuse for this additional trouble from thy assured friends. ISAAC NORRIS. THOMAS LEECH. EDWARD WARREN. This bell was brought from London to Philadelphia in the ship " Matilda," and landed late in August, 1752. It was not per-mitted, however, that this bell, cast in the Old World, should " proclaim liberty " in the New ; for, immediately after being hung, while being tested, " it was cracked by a 