14  LIBERTY and it was nothing but the existing union of church and state that restricted such men as Trajan and Alexander Severus from granting religious liberty, and giving free rein to such men as Nero and Caligula to persecute. True Christianity, and the true humble followers of Christ, were unalterably op-posed to the whole foundation principle of church-and-state religion, and the growth of true Christianity was co-extensive with the growth of the true principles of relig-ious liberty. But there came a time when those who called themselves Christians were not such in truth. As the ranks of the Christians grew, it became less odious to bear the name, and multitudes joined the church whose hearts were wholly with the world. Finally, after a terrible persecution under Valerian, Christianity was recognized as a legal religion. The subjects of Rome could be. Christians if they would, without gov-ernmental interference. There was relig-ious toleration for a time, even though not full religious liberty. This much of history is repeated in the persecution carried on during the reign of Diocletian, and con-tinued until Galerius, who had instigated the persecution, but being smitten by a loathsome disease, granted toleration to the Christians, and requested them to pray for his recovery. Constantine Would Buy Dfbine Favor Following this came the celebrated edict of Milan, drawn up by Constantine and Licinius, in March, A. D. 313. By this edict freedom of worship was granted to all throughout the whole Roman realm. It ordained " that no freedom at all shall be refused to Christians to follow or to keep their observances or worship. But that to each one power be, granted to devote his mind to that worship which he may think adapted to himself. .. . The privilege is also granted to others to pursue that worship and religion they wish." But this same Constantine was an idolator, a sun-wor-shiper, noted for the magnificence of his gifts to the gods, attempting to propitiate the God of the Christians, and secure his favor, by granting to Christians freedom of worship. Here is his own reason for issuing the edict of Milan : " That whatso-ever divinity and celestial power may exist,  may be propitious to us and to all that live under our government. . . . That the Deity may in all things exhibit to us his accus-tomed favor and kindness." He wanted the favor of all the gods, including the God of the Christians. o4 Disastrous Interpolation Under this emperor, and through the in-fluence of ambitious bishops, the church and state were reunited, with Catholic Chris-tianity as the state religion, and protected from " pernicious adulteration," by imperial command. The religious liberty that had been enjoyed was now, and through cen-turies to follow, replaced by an intolerance more hateful than that which existed under the pagan rule; for it was done in the very name of him who was the Author of relig-ious liberty. A counterfeit theocracy was established, with man sitting in the place of God, and true Christianity entered upon her struggle of twelve centuries. Under this false theocracy, Papal Rome, there never ¥ was and there never can be religious liberty. Space forbids to tell of what the adherents of true Christianity suffered during those dark and dreary years while millions of Christ's followers were giving their lives as the price of worshiping God according to " the dictates of their own consciences." The idea of what constituted acceptable worship of God had become so debased that Augustine, one of the " church fathers," could say: Ñ " It is, indeed, better that men should be brought to serve God by instruction than by fear of punishment or by pain. But because the former means are better, the latter must not therefore be neglected. Many must be brought back to their Lord, like wicked servants, by the rod of tem-poral suffering." Of this " church father " the historian Neander says:Ñ "It was by Augustine, then, that a theory was proposed and founded, which . . . con-tained the germ of that whole system of spiritual despotism, of intolerance and per-secution, which ended in the tribunals of the Inquisition." The Inquisition was but the direct and necessary working out of the principle of religious intolerance under a church-and-state government; and in that inquitous institution we have a history of the most 