The Prohibition Battle in Maine G. B. STARR AFTER one of the hardest- and closest-fought battles of the century, the people of Maine, on Sept. 11, 1911, voted on the question of retaining prohibition in their constitution. In all the districts where the prohibit-ory law had been most vigorously and successfully enforced, the returns were uniformly and unanimously for con-tinued prohibition. The farmers, whose well-kept homes,Š castles on the hill-sides,Š well-filled barns, fruit-laden or-chards, and happy, peaceful firesides, attest their enviable, happy condition, voted decidedly and unitedly, " NO." These are the true sons of Maine, who have a right to speak for Maine. The alien population, who have come to this peaceful, prosperous State to find a home, have insisted that their drinking habits shall become a part of the man-ners and custom of Maine. They have united with the liquor manufacturers and sellers in violating the laws of Maine, their adopted home, and they wish to make it appear that a repeal of the law is the only remedy, and the only relief from the present condition, which they term a condition of " hypocrisy." What was needed was not repeal, but vigorous enforcement of the law. At the present time, with the admit-ted violations of the law, the condition of the people, as a whole, is so mark-edly superior to that of an equal num-ber in license States as to be a matter of common remark by observing visit-ors. All this the foreigner would have changed. He has come to Maine to bet-ter his condition. He has fled from the undesirable conditions in his European home land, but now, refusing to change his lifelong drink habits and become transformed to the happy condition of a son of Maine, he would do his utmost to degrade Maine, his adopted home, to the besotted condition of the one from which he gladly sought refuge. But 44 (1094) Maine must not, need not, be degraded, even in her cities, if she holds her ban-ner high. She will lose some of this element from her population, and at-tract to her State more of the more de-sirable class who are anxious to move from license States to one where prohi-bition is enforced. For the sake of se-curity to life, liberty, property, and for the sake of their wives and children, they desire a change ; and let those in Maine who so loudly cry for a change for the worse, go where those conditions al-ready exist, and obtain their experience there, rather than insist that Maine shall travel with them over the road of sor-row, increased crime, and poverty so as-suredly held before them, as shown by cold, hard statistics from sister States where license is in vogue. It is not the farmers, the merchants, the manufacturers, the bankers, the edu-cators, the churches, nor the wives and mothers of Maine, that have called for a change, or that voted for a change. The present agitation has called upon all to take their stand, and the eyes of the people are now open, and they know better whom to trust and whom to elect to public office. We wish that every voter in Maine could have listened to the strong and convincing speeches of ex-Governor Hanley, of Indiana, on the possible en-forcement of law. Prohibition prohibits when the executive is strong to execute the will of the people ; and the executive is strong only when he listens to the voice of the people, and not to the threats and the bribes of the organized liquor traffic. While the result of the vote is still in doubt, it is ardently hoped by all of Maine's sons and daughters who are worthy a place in her household that the plague of liquor may not be permit-ted to spread contagion throughout her borders. 