12 LIBERTY the age. Rome is the church ; America is the age." The following evening at the banquet the archbishop spoke as follows : Š " I do not know whether you appreciate the full value of the union you see typified here to-night,-- the union of the Catholic Church and America. . . . The Vice-President of the United States comes here and takes his seat alongside the cardinal. The spirit of fraternity between church and state thus typified, is the result of the work of our American cardinal." On September 24 of the following year, 1894, newspaper dispatches from Rome " We highly esteem and love exceedingly the young and vigorous American nation, in which we plainly discern latent forces for the advancement alike of civilization and of Christianity." With the thought of these quotations in mind I would ask the reader to read again the first quotation in this article. Having done that, let every lover of the principles of the American government ask himself what has wrought the change. Then it was not accepted as "any government at all, or as capable of performing any of the proper functions of government." Now it is highly esteemed and loved exceedingly, HOLMES HARLAN W II ITE PECKHAM FULLER MC KENNA BROWN BREWER DAY stated that Bishop Keene was bearing to America from the Vatican a rescript of the following import : Š " The papal rescript elevates the United States to the first rank as a Catholic nation. Heretofore this country has stood before the church as a missionary country [a mis-sion field]. It had no more recognition officially at Rome than had China. . . . By the new rescript the country is freed from the propaganda and is declared to be a Catholic country. . . . The importance, not only to Catholics, but to all citizens of the United States, of this radical change in the relations to Rome of the church in America, can scarcely be overestimated." That was indeed a radical change, and the writer of the despatch was not the only one who understood it so. But let us read the sentiments of Pope Leo himself, as expressed in his encyclical of Jan. 6, 1895: Š  elevated to " the first rank as a Catholic nation," lauded as " the age," Catholics commanded to go forward with its Consti-tution in one hand and the Bible in the other, and above all having the promise that what Rome has done for other nations she will now do for the United States. Has the Constitution been changed, that it is now to be elevated from the position ac-corded it by the Catholic World to a posi-tion of the highest respect Š to occupy a position equal with the Bible in the hands of the advancing hosts of Roman clergy? Š No, it has not been changed Š but it has been interpreted. The Catholic World said that so long as the Constitution was " inter-preted by the Protestant principle," they would not accept it, " or hold it to be any government at all." This change of atti-tude, then, is prima facie evidence that the interpretation has not been in harmony with Protestant principles. That interpretation 