The Pilgrims Leaving the Old World for the New 114 LIBERTY functions and the priest no power in sec-ular affairs. In it he laid the founda-tion for the modern secular state. This book created no small stir, and was ep-och making, in that it weakened the grip and power of the Roman hierarchy in secular matters. Wycliffe, " the Morning Star of the Reformation," a half century later, wrote another book, " De Dominio Divino," in which he separated the spiritual and sec-ular realms and authorities, and firmly denied the Catholic claim that " all power and authority flows solely or chiefly through sacrament and hierarchy." This book struck a terrific blow at all tyran-nies in state and in church, and raised up worthy champions in the cause of religious freedom. Finally, Luther broke the chains of darkness and medieval superstition; but while in theory he separated the church and state, yet in practice he failed to obey the principles he advocated. He still left the individual bound in his rea-son and the gospel dependent upon the state. To him religious liberty meant religious liberty for only those who agreed with him. Zwingli advocated a broader view of freedom; but Calvin  caused Scrvetus to be burned at the stake at Geneva, in 1553, because he would not desist teaching contrary to Calvin's faith. Castellio vigorously em-ployed his pen and voice in strong de-nunciation of such persecutions for opinion's sake, and advocated the widest liberty of religious belief for all. A decade later, William of Orange in the Netherlands, the broad-minded Socinus in Poland, and Sigismund, of Hungary, heroically raised their voices in favor of legislation granting full religious free-dom to all. Slowly but surely, Protes-tantism was struggling toward its ideal of a total separation of church and state and liberty of conscience for the indi-vidual. A terrible religious struggle ensued during the entire sixteenth century. Catholics and Protestants were franti-cally and cruelly waging religious wars upon each other. Parties within the Ro-man Church and divergent Protestant sects on the outside literally devoured each other. Those days were horrifying and bloody times, and both Catholics and Protestants today would fain blot these records from the pages of history. The one great principle that would have put 