LIBERTY 31 by uniformity of belief and worship. It can only be attained by oneness of moral sympathy and purpose, by mutual respect for differences of opinion and custom, by that unity of the spirit which makes possible interdenomina-tional and interreligious co-operation for hu-man and social service beyond the lines of sect and creed. For while intellectual sympathies are limited, moral sympathies are universal." It is a good thing to have large reli-gious organizations that entertain oppo-site views upon such vital issues. It has the tendency to equalize matters, and to give the people a freedom which other-wise would be well-nigh impossible. L. tV THE Anti-Saloon League, which as-sembled in this city December 1o, is to be transformed shortly into a general " re-form " organization, if certain sinister in-fluences now at work succeed. This is definitely understood and agreed to, even by some of the leaders. These men be-lieve that a few years will see the whole country " bone dry," so far as law statu-tory and constitutional can make it. The work to be done then will not be to mold and direct public opinion against the sa-loon, but to enforce the law. A large number of ministers and others who have been employed for years in creating anti-saloon sentiment and crystallizing it into law, will then be without occupation, un-less some provision is made in the mean-time for the promotion of other " re-forms." It is understood, therefore, by the inner circle, that the constitution of the league will be so amended as to broaden the sphere of its operations, and it will at once put its mighty force behind a multitude of so-called moral reforms, among which strict Sunday enforcement, state and national, is to take first place. The only reason this was not more publicly advocated in the Washington meeting was the fear that it might alien-ate from the league the sympathy and co-operation hitherto given it by many who are opposed to the liquor traffic, but who oppose also anything savoring of un-ion of church and state, or the enforce-ment of religion or religious observances  and institutions by civil law. But unless wiser and more just counsels prevail, the change will come erelong, and the Anti-Saloon League will stand forth under an amended constitution and a new name as one of the most mighty church-and-state forces the world has ever seen. B. Connecticut Blue Law Repeal BLUE laws were brushed aside, August 5, throughout the State, and Connecticut celebrated its first open Sunday in three hundred years. For three centuries only drug stores could be open on Sunday. But now bak-eries, ice-cream parlors, milk stations, fruit stands, tobacco stores, news stands, and automobile shops were all open and did a thriving business. The motion pic-ture theaters were stormed in many places by the big crowds who were out for a good time. One section of the new act allows amateur baseball and other sporting events to take place on Sunday, provided no admission fee is asked. Rifle ranges may also be opened. The reaction from the old blue laws of New England to the liberalized Sun-day laws, in imitation of the Continental sabbath, is a mistake and a grave moral danger. God's law, giving one day in seven for rest for man, and a day of peaceful and orderly worship for those who desire it, is recognized in the Sun-day laws of the Christian nations of the world. To weaken these laws and give the day over to pleasure, mirth, or dis-sipation, is not only a sin before God, but a serious menace to the perpetuity of our free institutions. The principle underneath the stated period for rest and worship is so deep that the Almighty in-corporated it thus in the ten command-ments : " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy." Ex. 20: 8.ŠThe Chris-tian Herald, Aug. 22, 1917. The editor of the Christian Herald very naively assumes (a) that Sunday is the Sabbath by divine appointment ; and (b) that it is the duty of the state 