LIBERTY (1065) 15 General Washington received the key in New York, and on Aug. 10, 5790, wrote acknowledging Mr. Paine's " agree-able letter." Washington took the key to his home in Mt. Vernon, Va., and proudly exhibited the same to all visitors. The following letter, written Aug. 4, 1790, by Louis Otto, the French charge d'affaires, to his government in Paris, shows how highly President Washington regarded the key: Š " In attending yesterday the public audience of the President, I was surprised by a question by the chief magistrate, whether I would like to see the key of the Bastile. One of his secretaries showed me at the same moment a large key, which had been sent to the President by desire of Marquis de Lafayette. . . . The Americans present looked at the key with indifference, and as if wonder-ing why it had been sent. But the serene face of the President showed that he re-garded it as an homage from the French nation." This famous key is still on exhibition at the old home of Washington, in Mt. Vernon, Va. It is enclosed in a frame, and will be found on the left wall of the central hall as one enters the build-ing. Below the key is a framed copy of the letter that accompanied it. Statue of Liberty Another national token of the de-votion of the French nation to the Ameri-can principles of civil and religious liberty is Bartholdi's famous Statue of Liberty, in New York harbor, which was presented to the United States by France, and dedicated Oct. 28, 1886. When visiting this noted monument some time ago, I copied the following inscrip-tion, not frequently quoted, found upon the inside wall at the foot of the statue : Š The New Colossus " Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame, With conquering limbs astride from land to land, Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name Mother of exiles. From her beacon-hand Glows world-wide welcome ; her mild eyes command The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame. ' Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp ! ' cries she With silent lips. Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teem-ing shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me. I lift my lamp beside the golden door ! '" It is gratifying to note that thousands of immigrants from other lands Š Greeks, Russians, Poles, Hungarians, Turks, Al-banians, and other oppressed classes Šanxiously watch from the decks of the incoming steamers for a first glimpse of this emblem of freedom, tears staining the faces of many as they catch their first view of its form through the gloom of the early morning. To them the Statue of Liberty means deliverance from the oppressive rule of a despotic govern-ment, and a promise of that dearest of human treasures, liberty. I CONTEMPLATE with sovereign rev-erence the act of the whole American people which declares that their legis-lature should " make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohib-iting the free exercise thereof," thus building a wall of separation between church and state.Š Thomas Jefferson. No trait of character is more rare, none more admirable, than thoughtful independence of the opinions of others, combined with a sensitive regard to the feelings of others.Š A. J. Froude. 