LIBERTY 125 have to be closed. The manager very naturally succumbed to this threat to ruin his business. Why the Baptist Church canceled its contract we have not learned. Was it fear of offending the growing power and influence of the Roman hierarchy, or a failure to appreciate longer the vital principles enunciated in our nation's fun-damental law ? Whatever the reason, it operated to the same end, to close the mouth of one who is ably espousing the fundamental principles of Americanism. The reason for Rome's bitter oppo-sition to General Miles is that he is one of the highest officials in the new asso-ciation known as the Guardians of Lib-erty, which organization holds to " the conviction that the greatest treasure pos-sessed by the citizens of these United States is that of civil and religious .lib-erty," and is seeking to " promote a deeper, stronger, and more active loy-alty to the fundamental ideas of the founders of this republic." What true American can consider this " conviction " unsound, and this purpose unworthy? Who can oppose such a con-viction and denounce such a purpose, and then rightly pose as a supporter of the government or a true friend of the people? It may be claimed that as long as no law is passed forbidding a lecturer to speak, the principles of the Constitution have not been violated. But a principle can be violated without the passing of a law. A mob may accomplish what the law expressly forbids, may take away life or property which the law has set itself to protect. The Constitution guarantees freedom of speech. A combination of influences in the case in question nullified that constitutional provision and laughed.  at the Constitution while it robbed the individual of his rights. In taking this unconstitutional and un-justifiable course, the pastor of that  Roman Catholic church was but follow-ing the direction of the Vatican. Said Pope Leo XIII : Š From what has been said, it follows that it is quite unlawful to demand, to defend, or to grant unconditional free-dom of thought, of speech, of writing, or of worship, as if these were so many rights given by nature to man.Š" The Great Encyclical Letters of Pope Leo XIII," page 161. It need not be a matter of deep con-cern to Roman Catholics that the Con-stitution guarantees freedom of speech, if by combination, influence, and threat they can dictate the nature and complex-ion of what shall be spoken from the pulpits of Protestant churches and the platforms of public halls. There ought to have been some Guardians of Lib-erty dealing with these matters during the past three or four decades. We greatly fear the organization will be tre-mendously handicapped in its underta-kings because of the lateness of its ar-rival. The incident referred to proves the need of its existence, and empha-sizes the dangers that threaten. C. M. S. tV 0.4 The Mote and the Beam IT is sometimes interesting to observe with what clearness some men can per-ceive the transgression of a principle Šin the other fellow. Nearly all the Prot-estant bodies have no difficulty whatever in seeing that the wearing of a religious garb by the teachers in the government Indian schools is a violation of that fun-damental principle of the national life, the separation of church and state; and they heartily commend Commissioner Valentine's order. But some of these same persons fail to appreciate the fact that laws requiring the observance of Sunday as a day of rest are a much more flagrant violation of the same principle, and that they more directly affect the 