VINCENZO CARDINAL VANNUTELLIŁ This cardinal bishop represented the Pope at the Catholic Eu-charistic Congress in Montreal, and later made a triumphal tour through Canada and the United States, receiving the worship of thousands of American citizens. over the same territory. " No man can and demands. LIBERTY 17 a foreign power, kiss the symbol of his authority, thereby recognizing his claim to the rulership of this nation Š can they do this, and still be loyal citizens of the United States ?Š It is impossible ; there can not be two rulers at the same time serve two masters," declares our Lord. If the Pope's authority be recognized and his claims admitted, he is the real ruler of our country, and of every coun-try that admits his claim. But that is wholly antagonistic to the principle of popular government. The Pope is not a president of a republic. He is a mon-arch, the head of a theocratic monarchy.  Admit his pretensions, and there is no rule in the world but his. The whole purpose of the great Eucharistic Con-gress at Montreal, and of all other Eu-charistic Congresses, as expressed by the Pope and by his legate, is to bring the whole world into sub-mission and obedience to the " supreme pas-tor," the " vicar of Chris t." Eucharistic Congresses are being used as " convert ma-kers " to that end. When that purpose shall have been accom-plished, republics and constitutional m o n - archies will be no more ; the Pope will be sole monarch, with no constitution to hamper him in the accomplish-ment of his will; and kings will be mere satraps under appoint-ment, or subject to dis-missal, from the Vat-ican. Such is the policy and the unyielding pur-pose of the Papacy, and no man can kneel to the papal legate, and kiss the symbol of his authority, without, in that act, granting all that the Papacy claims Are Americans ready to yield all they have striven for these one hundred thirty-four years, and admit the pretensions and the claims of a ruler be-yond the sea, and submit again to " taxa-tion without representation " ? If " taxa-tion without representation " was " tyr-anny" then, can it be liberty now? It is beside the point to argue that the Pope's claim is a claim to fealty in spir- 