LIBERTY 35 brave priest has been persecuted by his enemies, the clergy of Rome, in ways too numerous and too offensive to mention. For detailed accounts of his trials, ac-quittals, and escapes, the reader is re-ferred to the reports of the British and Foreign Bible Society for 1896 and 1898, to the National Review (London) for September, 1899, the English Review of Reviews for April 15, 1901, the Illus-trated Church News for Sept. 29 and Oct. 6, 1899, the Churchman for Oct. 3, 1896, the London Times for Jan. 14, 1901, the Protestant Alliance Magazine (article, " The Religious Crisis in France," 1907), and to Girolanto Savona-rola, his own weekly paper. And these are but a few of the many witnesses that might be called upon to testify in his be-half. In speaking of the scope of his work, for instance, a contributor to the National Review for September, 1899, says, " I find mention of his addresses has been made in all the leading papers of Italy." This is also true of nearly all of the evangelical Italian papers in America. Ori several occasions his plain utter-ances through his paper, Girolamo Sa-vonarola, have led to his arrest on charges of libel preferred by the priests whose conduct he had attacked edito-rially. In the appendix to the book "Miraglia : A Modern Savonarola," for instance, written during Easter, 19o1, the author, S. M. Rebotier, says : " As these pages go to press, Bishcj Miraglia, the founder of the Catholic Independent Church of Italy, at Piacenza, is in Eng-land, self-exiled for a time, owing to a sentence of imprisonment that has been passed an him. His enemies have at length succeeded in wielding the civil arm against him. He has been con-demned to a term of imprisonment, the charge brought against him being in connection with an article he had written in the Girolamo Savonarola, advocating the free circulation of the Bible, and also an article in the same paper in which he denounced the priests in connection with the civil marriage law." In his paper dated Nov. 20, 1898, ap-peared an article, entitled, " A Curious and Painful Case," in which he charged Don Camillo Chiapperini, rector of the church of San Giorgio, of Piacenza, with having snatched from the hands of a Sunday-school pupil, in the church itself, one of the Bibles which had been dis-tributed by Miraglia's Oratory of San Paolo. The article further stated that the priest, having put the Bible in his pocket, said to the pupil, " I forbid you to read such a book; " also that the rector had acted like a ruffian, and de-served to be arrested by the police. For this, Miraglia was arrested and con-demned by the court to pay a nominal fine and also to be imprisoned for some months. He was again arrested and fined for pleading in his paper, dated Dec. 4, 1898, for the protection and " liberty of con-science and the domestic quiet " of two of his church members, Mr. and Mrs. Bonetti, who, he alleged, had been an-noyed by priest Don Antonietti because they had been married by Bishop Mi-raglia. From both of these sentences he appealed. His appeal, however, was dismissed in each case, and he was con-demned by the Court of Cassation at Rome, its verdict being rendered July 12, 1900. In the annual reports of the Brit-ish and Foreign Bible Society for the years 1897 and 1898, such miscarriages of justice are accounted for by the cler-ical control of the prefects and the Ital-ian government at that time. Seeing no other way whereby he could carry on the work of reformation he had begun, Mi-raglia resolved to escape to Switzerland, where for some time he continued the publication of his paper, Girolamo Sa-vonarola, at Zurich. From there he went to England, as previously stated. " The first months of exile," says Re-botier, " he spent at Chiasso, in Italian Switzerland, two hours from Piacenza. Hither, Sunday after Sunday, many of his congregation journeyed, that they might be able still to hear the Word of God preached to them from his lips." 