nMrn. IS BASEBALL A NUISANCE? By C. P. BOLLMAN ADISPATCH from Chattanooga, Tenn., under date of April 15, printed in the Washington Post of the following morning, states that the president, the secretary, and the manager of the local baseball club, and also the manager of the Atlanta club, were ar-rested, charged " with doing business on Sunday, and creating and maintaining a nuisance." But why a nuisance? Match games of baseball are played upon inclosed grounds. Nobody sees them except those who want to. Nobody is disturbed by them, except mentally. Then in what way are they nuisances? Is it not solely because such games are out of keeping with the legalized religious character of Sunday ? Š Certainly ; there can be no other reason. This is true today in Tennessee. Sim-ilarly, there was a time in Virginia when episcopacy was the only legal form of worship, and any other worship was il-legal and a " nuisance." Presbyterians and Baptists held meetings in violation of the statute, and for this they were punished as criminals. The Baptists were especially offensive, partly because they practiced immersion instead of sprinkling or pouring. On such occa- sions rude fellows of the baser sort would interrupt the services by throwing sticks and stones, by " cat calls," etc. This was certainly a breach of the peace, but the authorities, instead of arresting and prosecuting the real offenders, held the Baptists responsible. Of course the cases are not exactly parallel, for playing baseball on Sunday is not a religious service, and men do not feel that they must engage in it. But the cases are parallel in this, that those who want to play ball on Sunday are forbidden to do so because of the religious convictions of other men. The " disturbance " and the " nuisance " is due, not to the act of the ball players, but to the prejudices of those who do not play on Sunday. People are mentally disturbed. They feel just as Roman Catholics feel in certain cities of Europe, South America. and Mexico when the " host " is borne through the streets and Protestants refuse to remove their hats and bow the knee when they meet the procession, headed by the bishop or other dignitary, carrying the monstrance. The principle is the same. The believ-ers in the mass insist that others shall recognize its divinity by uncovering the head and bowing the knee. Believers in Sunday sacredness insist that all men shall recognize the sacredness of that day by abstaining from labor and amuse-ment upon it. And this is true in Ten-nessee, notwithstanding the constitution of the 'State says that " no human au-thority can, in any case whatever, con-trol or interfere with the rights of con-science ; and that no preference shall ever be given by law to any religious estab-lishment or mode of worship." Why then should those who want to play ball on Sunday be forbidden to do so? 79 