126 LIBERTY conduct of a much larger number of people. Even the Christian Statesman feels called upon to protest. against the do-ings of the Roman hierarchy in these words : Š Rome's claim to recognition as a tem-poral power, raises a spirit of resentment in the hearts of liberty-loving Americans ; and when the issue is made as it was in this instance [the Foss-O'Connell epi-sode], it is time to emphasize anew the principle for which Protestantism stands Š entire separation of church and state. The Statesman should not forget the instruction concerning the mote and the beam. In the very same issue it corn- mends a movement in Oregon in favor of religious instruction in the public schools ; and it is constantly working for the enactment of Sunday laws, and for the more rigid enforcement of those al-ready on the statute-books. It is no won-der that Roman Catholics accuse Prot-estants of inconsistency in this matter, and declare that Protestants do not be-lieve in a real separation of church and state, but only in a separation of the Roman Catholic Church and the state. The only consistent position for the Christian to hold is that there should be a complete separation of the state from any and every church. tV X tV A "Cardinal" Principle THE demand that precedence be ac-corded to the Roman cardinals over all ranks of state officials, has called forth many emphatic protests in publications of various classes. It has been generally agreed that such a recognition of an ec-clesiastic is forbidden by the American principle of the separation of church and state. The position of the Christian States-man upon this question deserves some consideration. Referring to the claim that the usages of the courts of the Old World warrant the honor demanded for the cardinals, it very properly says that " these usages are not to be regarded in the New World when they conflict with any accepted principle of American civili-zation ; " and adds : Š There is such a principle, and it is exactly applicable to the case in hand. It is the American doctrine of the sepa-ration of church and state. It is formu-lated in that provision of our Constitution which forbids Congress to make any law respecting an establishment of religion. No church as an organized institution, is to be established, supported, or controlled by the national government. This pro-vision is often quoted as if it were in- tended to divorce the American govern-ment from Christianity or any other re-ligion. It had no such purpose, and has no such effect. Being a provision in re-straint of otherwise unlimited powers of the government, it must be strictly con-strued. It forbids that which is described in the clause, and nothing more. It can not be extended by inference to cover what is not expressly named. It pro-hibits the setting up of an established church, supported and controlled by the national government. But it leaves the nation free to bear a Christian character and to be governed by the principles of the Christian religion. Such reasoning as this is playing fast and loose with a great principle. It ap-pears like an effort to apply the Constitu-tion to the Roman Catholic religion, but to except the religion represented by the Statesman. We do not accept any such logic. We believe that the founders of this government, having before their eyes the evils which had resulted from a union of religion and government in the Old World, wisely provided for the complete separation of the two in this country. That this was their intent is plainly shown by various documents of that period. James Madison wrote July 1o, 1822 Š 