Report of Campaign Which Repealed Oregon Blue Laws BY HAMPTON W. COTTRELL INCIDENTAL to the initiative petition of the Independent Retailers' Association for the repeal of the Oregon Sunday law, Rev. G. L. Tufts framed a proposed initi-ative bill for a new Sunday measure, but failed to secure sufficient signatures to meet the requirements of the law. He assigns two reasons for what he terms the " withdrawal " of his bill. First, ad-dressing the general public in the Orego-nian of July 4, 1916, he is quoted as saying that the league's board had de-cided it would not be wise to have two Sunday bills upon the ballot at the same time lest it might confuse the voters. But in speaking to the church people through the Pacific Christian Advocate of Oct. I I, 1916, he said in part : " The bill . . . is not on the ballot because only one ninth of the four hundred and fifty pastors to whom the initiative peti-tion was sent for signatures, returned them to our office." (Signed) G. L. Tufts, Supt. Weekly Rest Day League. These are two very different reasons for not having the proposed initiative measure on the ballot. To say the least, there was a good reason why Mr. Tufts failed to place his bill upon the ballot, Š he did not and could not meet the re- quirements of the law. With regard to his flimsy public excuse for his failure, we heartily agree with him that it was unwise to have two Sunday bills upon the ballot at the same time Š we consider it equally unwise to have even one af-firmative Sunday bill on the ballot at any time. The Oregon Sunday blue law was re-pealed Nov. 7, 1916, by a majority vote of 32,163, as reported in the Oregonian of November 13, leaving the citizens of this fair State free to choose each for  himself whether he will be religious or not religious, and to carry out the high-est ideals of his choice, provided only that in so doing he does not in any way invade the equal rights of any other person. The vote was an intelligent one. The entire question was thoroughly canvassed pro and con. Pamphlets treating the sub- ject and newspapers containing articles for and against the Sunday law were ex- tensively circulated, while the question was freely discussed before large audi-ences by able speakers. All of which goes to show that the people knew what they were doing when they voted for the repeal of the law which the unwise zeal of its partisans had made especially ob- noxious to liberty-loving American citi- zens. The people of Oregon are in favor of the widest religious liberty consistent with good citizenship and the safety of civil society. That Sunday laws are religious was again proved in the Oregon campaign by the following quotation : Š " The church can prosper in the midst of saloons, as is evidenced by Norway, Sweden, Scotland, and Canada. But the church will perish when the Lord's day is converted into a holiday devoted to Sunday business, common labor, and worldly sports and amusements. . . . Will not each church appoint a com-mittee to work at the polls on election day to defeat this vicious bill? The life of the church, the welfare of the home, the prosperity of the State, are in the balance. The Seventh-day Adventists will vote to maintain Sunday poolrooms."Š G. L. Tufts, Supt. Weekly Rest Day League, in Pacific Christian Advocate, Oct. II, 1W. From this same paper, under date of Nov. I, 1916, page I I, in an article signed G. L. Tufts, I quote : Š " Then said Jesus unto him, Put up again thy sword into his place: for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." Matt. 26: 52. 15 