LIBERTY 103 introduced by him (H. R, 4306, Sixty-first Congress, first session) reads as follows : Š Ł " A bill to make October 12 in each year a public holiday, to be called Colum-bus day. " Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the twelfth day of October in each and every year, being the anniversary day of the discovery of America by Christopher Columbus, be, and the same hereby is, made a legal public holiday, to be called Columbus day, to all intents and purposes in the same manner as the first Monday of September in each year is now made by law a public and legal holiday." Thus far Labor day, the first Monday in September, is the only holiday legal-ized by Congress. Washington's birth-day (February 22), Decoration day (May 3o), Independence day (July 4), and Thanksgiving day (November) are, however, recognized as holidays in the District of Columbia and the Territories, but by no official act of legislation on the part of our national government. There have been two hearings before the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on Columbus day bills introduced by Messrs. Sulzer (H. R. 1735o, 1906, H. R. 4306, 1910) and Harrison (H. R. 5696, 1909), one on April 28, 1906, and the other on April 19, 1910. At these hearings the patriotic or civic arguments in behalf of the pro-posed legislation were made prominent, the religious or sectarian features, and the Knights of Columbus as promoters, being naturally kept in the background. Owing to ignorance on the part of the people as to the sectarian purpose behind this movement, only the friends of the proposed bills appeared at these hearings. Plan to Make It a Pan-American Holiday A plan to make Columbus day more than national is being inaugurated by the Pan-American Union, a strong ally of the Knights of Columbus. This strong organization is described in its official  literature as " an international organiza-tion maintained by the twenty-one Amer-ican republics, controlled by a governing board composed of the Secretary of State of the United States and the diplomatic representatives in Washington of the other American nations, administered by a director-general and an assistant di-rector chosen by this board, . . . de-voted to the development of commerce, friendly intercourse, and better acquaint-ance among all the American republics." This union, composed, as it is, largely of Catholic nations, has a strong influence favorable to Catholicism upon the offi-cials of our government, as witnessed in the Pan-American Thanksgiving mass held annually in St. Patrick's Cathedral, Washington, D. C., attended by the Pres-ident, his Cabinet, members of the Su-preme Court, and other national leaders. The editor of the Bulletin of the Pan-American Union, a beautiful monthly magazine, contributed a valuable article to the November-, 1911, issue, " entitled " Columbus Day in the Americas," in which appear striking illustrations of the voyage of Columbus, Columbus day pa-rades in the great American cities, and a valuable sketch of the Columbus day movement. The opening paragraph reads: Š " The celebration of October 12 as Columbus day is becoming a movement of importance. There are increasing hopes that the goal of a Pan-American day Š an international festival in which the entire western hemisphere will join in commemoration of the discovery of America Š is every year closer to reali-zation." After mentioning the States that have already declared the twelfth of October a legal holiday, the editorial continues thus : Š " This year the celebrations in all these States and republics. were carried out with more than usual enthusiasm, and show that the desire to make October 12 an in-ternational holiday, which would in fact be almost unique in purpose, second only to the universal recognition and observ- 