I.18ER1 Y Ai who desires Sunday rest have it, if pos-sible, but require no one to take it. Do not force any man to defend a civil ac-tion upon his rest day. So far as all legal matters are concerned, let the twenty-four hours commonly called Sun-day be dies non, but compel no one to treat either that or any other day as sacred time. Enact no law for the pur-pose, either avowedly or covertly, of en-forcing the observance of a religious day. The so-called civil Sabbath is a fraud in the respect that it is simply and only a religious institution sought to be en-forced upon the people by civil penal-ties. True, it is asserted that the Sabbath  is essential to the best interests of the state, but so is Christianity, and exactly the same argument has been used to de-fend the Inquisition. " True religion," said the defenders of persecution, " is essential to the well-being of the state, and the Inquisition is essential to the continued existence of true religion." Might not the civil Sabbath argument be well described in the words of the prophet B Š " Judgment also will I lay to the line, and righteousness to the plummet: and the hail shall sweep away the refuge of lies, and the waters shall overflow the hiding place." " For the bed is shorter than that a man can stretch himself on it: and the covering narrower than that he can wrap himself in it." Tsa. 28: 17, 20. SUNDAY LAWS UNCONSTITUTIONAL By Varner J. Johns, A. B., LLB. ACONSTITUTION is defined as " the fundamental law of the state whereby the government is organ-ized and maintained and in which fun-damental principles are asserted." A constitution shall contain only matter of a fundamental and permanent nature. The constitution is the supreme law of the land, and as such is the very bul-wark of freedom. The founders of our Government were men of vision. They realized that the liberty for which they had struggled, should be safeguarded, and that future generations should be protected against any encroachments upon that freedom. The Constitution is the embodiment of the principles for which they fought. There are certain natural rights which are inherent in every man. The most prominent of these are the rights of civil and religious freedom. In the majority of the governments of past ages these rights were not protected, and the in-evitable result was the decay and ruin of theŁ state. The pride of Americans is their freedom. " The land of the free " is most certainly " the home of  the brave." Patriotism is developed in the man who is proud of his native land. We think of the United States as the only land of entire civil and religious freedom, and we are justly proud of the nation that has protected these funda-mental rights. For this reason Ameri-ca's loyal sons are willing to give up their lives to defend those principles against the encroachments of foreign autocracy. In a well-known case (Downs vs. Bid-well, 182 U. S., 244) Mr. Justice Brown refers to these natural rights and the inability of Congress to infringe upon them. He said this, among other things : " Thus, when the Constitution declares that 'no bill of attainder or ex post facto law shall be passed,' and that ' no title of nobility shall be granted by the United States,' it goes to the competency of Congress to pass a bill of that description. Perhaps the same remark may apply to the First Amendment, that Con-gress shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.' . . . We suggest without in- tending to decide, that there may be a distinc-tion between certain natural rights enforced in the Constitution by prohibition against in-terference with them, and what may be termed 