86 LIBERTY fully united upon the measure, which it was not. After much discussion the bill was amended and passed the assembly. Leo R. Friedman, of San Francisco, gave notice, however, that he would move a reconsideration the following day. In the meantime some of the mem-bers supporting the bill made it plain to their representatives in the legislature that while they were willing to allow Sunday closing for those who wanted it, they did not propose that it should be forced upon those who did not want it. The final vote showed that the assembly had a number of very obliging men whose principles allowed them to change sides on questions as readily as a Mexi-can soldier can change from one army to another, and they rallied, this time on the right side, and defeated the meas-ure, leaving California where it has stood for thirty-four years,Š a free State. San Diego, Cal. SV Speeches Which Saved Freedom of the Press to America (Continued from page 72) the conflict, unless by human interposition disarmed of her natural weapons, free argu-ment and debate." And continuing, he says : " There are rights which it is useless to surrender to the government, and which gov-ernments have yet always been found to in-vade. Among these are the rights of think-ing and publishing our thoughts by speaking or writing. " Our liberty," he continues, " depends upon the freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited without being lost." And further Š " The press is the best instrument for en-lighten;ug the mind of man and improving him as a rational, moral, and social being." And another truth he expresses, which I would especially impress upon the minds of the country today : "That where the press is free and every man is able to read, all is safe. . . . The only security of all is in a free press. The force of public opinion cannot be resisted when permitted freely to be expressed. The agita-tion it produces must be subjected to. It is necessary to keep the waters pure." Mr. President, those wise words spo-ken a hundred years ago are strikingly pertinent to the present-day conditions, and cannot be overlooked without detri-ment to the nation. AUTOCRATIC POWER INTOXICATES It is very natural for men in authority to desire power Š it is the natural im-pulse of the heart and promptings of the vanity of every potentate that his will is the best and wisest law for the govern-ment of all. There is no draft that makes such a dangerous drunk as power. Some wise man has observed that " power will intoxicate the best hearts as wine the strongest heads. No man is wise enough nor good enough to be trusted with unlimited power, for what-ever qualification he may have evinced to entitle him to the possession of so dangerous a privilege." . . . It is also a truth, let me assert again, proved by history and the experience of mankind, that even under the best forms of government those intrusted with ab-solute power have invariably converted it into a tyranny. It is well, therefore, to avoid everything that has in it the ele-ments of ultimate despotism. The best way to avoid the dangers of an error is not to commit it; but if committed, min-imize its evil consequences by killing it in embryo. The American people can be trusted to do that which is best for their own government. The irresistible influence of self-interest assures that. I would rather trust the feelings and the wisdom of all the people than the judg-ment of any one man or small coterie of men. . . . THE TYRANNY OF THE FEW The world is passing through a trying ordeal. The old landmarks that pointed (Continued on page go) 