A RUSSIAN OFFICER AND FAMILY LIBERTY (1055) 5 or perhaps immediately after making the sign of the cross and saying, Slava Boga (Glory to God), they would finish their oath. That expression, " Glory to God," is frequently on a Russian's lips, no mat-ter what he is doing, or how profane or vile his conversation. From a child he has had on his lips, " Glory to God," and on his breast and fore-head the sign of the cross; but he denies himself of nothing he wants. He fixes it all up with a price, some money or some cere-mony, or by visiting some relics. This, as a rule, is all the religion the Russian knows, from the priest to the beggar. It is a religion of force and ceremony. I never ap-preciated a living Sa-viour and the gospel that lays right hold of hearts and transforms them, making a man a Chris-tian wherever he goes, so much as I did when I was in Russia. The Russian will make long pilgrimages to cathe-drals, perhaps walking on crutches, to venerate and kiss the supposed bones of some saint and to purchase a few frag-ments of cloth said to have been portions of the garments of some saint, or to kiss the feet of some manu-factured mummy that is made to pose as a Polycarp or some other saint long since dead. But there is no Christ in such a re-ligion as this, no salvation, no power to help. Russia needs the gospel ; and when such people do find the Saviour, the One who is able to give power to resist sin and put hope and joy into their  souls, their hearts are filled to overflow-ing with gratitude to God. But with all the power of a church-ruled state against such a gospel, one can readily see what a difficult task is set before those who' would give the gospel to Russia. Every evangelical church in Russia must have permission to exist. A church can not be organized or meetings held without permission from the minister of the interior. Wherever people meet, the place must be registered. Then, too, Presbyterians could not hold a confer-ence in Russia in the same city where a Baptist meeting is being held, and vice versa. If a conference is to be held, a program giving every item of business 