12  LIBERTY possession of a large capacity for useful-ness to his countrymen and to mankind. He had cherished through life a passion for the acquisition of knowledge, and was one of the best-educated men, if not the best-educated man, of his country an-I time, and he could have filled the re-mainder of his days with a serene and tranquil enjoyment of the pleasures of literature and science " or the acquisition of wealth ; " but such a life was not pos-sible for him, nor was any life possible for him the strength of which was not devoted to the advancement of the liberty and happiness   of men. . . . Lover oflib-erty as he was, firmly as he be-lieved that popular g o v - ernment w a s the only form of public au-thority consist-ent with t h e highest happi-ness of men, he yet did not believe t hat any nation  HOME OF or commu- nity could permanently retain this bless-ing without the benefit of the lessons of truth, and the discipline of virtue to be derived only -from the intellectual and moral education of the whole people." " The general features of his political philosophy still remain as the nominal creed at least of the great body of his countrymen."Ñ" Writings of Thomas Jefferson," Vol. II. The principles of individual rights and liberties which developed in the minds of the people during the conflict between the colonies and the mother country, seemed finally to accumulate and become incar-nate in Thomas Jefferson. His whole body, spirit, and soul were saturated, charged, and electrified with the loftiest yet most practical sentiments and prin-ciples of universal liberty and equality. Providence had endowed him with the wisdom and the favor of a Solomon, and for the first time in the annals of a nation, at the time of its birth, did God find a man who understood and was willing to defend the free gifts of God to man, and to incorporate them in the birth cry of the nation--the immortal Declaration of Independence. While the Lord had de-creed a universal liberty 3,268 years be-fore the acceptance of the Declaration of Independence in 1776, in his words to Moses at Mt. Sinai,Ñ" Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the in- habitants there- of,"Ñ yet t h e human race waited over three millenni-u in s before it ever heard a legislative body of men declare, assert, and af-firm that all men were entitled to the divine herit-age of life, lib-erty, and happi-ness. JEFFERSON  for America to It remained recognize the free an] universal enjoy-ment of the natural gifts of God to all men ; and it remained for Jefferson to amplify and elucidate those lofty pin-ciples, and make a practical application of them in the framework of the basic laws of the infant republic, which was destined to become the mightiest of na-tions. Since the acceptance of the great Magna Charta of human rights, our na-tion has made the greatest progress and has enjoyed the greatest privileges of any nation in all history. Our nation is the miracle of nations. What has made our nation the greatest giant among the nations in the shortest period of time in its comparative and substantive de-velopment ? There can be only one an-swer : rt was the triumph of the prin- 