WORSHIP INTERFERED WITH BY THE STATE Christians surprised by troops while worshiping in a cavern. LIBERTY 91 The Vicar of Christ  But it is claimed by some that as Jesus is now in heaven and not present on the earth to exercise in the church that su- preme authority with which he has been clothed by his Father, he has appointed a vicar, or vicegerent, or representative, to be head of the church on earth, and has invested this representative with supreme power and author-ity in religious matters. And this claim is true. Before Jesus ascended into heaven, he in-formed his disci-ples that he would send as his repre-sentative, or vice-gerent, the Holy Spirit, to be their teacher, guide, and counselor. John 16 : 7-15. The dis-ciples were com-missioned to preach the gospel, but were not given authority over one another or over any human being, in spiritual things. Retained in the Godhead It is therefore plain that supreme reli-gious authority has been retained in the keeping of the Godhead. God has given no one such authority but Jesus Christ, his Son, who is both the Son of God and the Son of man. Inasmuch, therefore, as Christ is part of the Godhead, and his representative on earth is also part of the Godhead,Š the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit,Š in reality there is retained in the Godhead all authority in religious matters. Our Relation to God Our relation to God is an individual and direct relation. It is not sustained through any other man or combination of men. No man or body of men, in the church or in the state, has any jurisdic-tion over our relations to God. No man  is to be ruler or judge over man in things pertaining to religion. And God's su-preme authority will ultimately be ac-knowledged by every creature. " So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God." Rom. 14: 12. Assumption of Authority by Men It is because these principles have not been understood or heeded that men have assumed authority in religious affairs. And the assumption of authority by men in this realm has been the cause of all the great religious persecutions in history. The assumption of the right by Con-gress to pass a Sunday law, or to enact any other religious legislation, is in real-ity the assumption of authority by men in religious things. This is to usurp the power of the Godhead, for the Godhead alone has authority in religious matters ; and by this assumption Congress really puts itself in the place of God. It con-stitutes a claim by Congress of being the vicar or representative of God on earth, and invested with authority to legislate in religious matters. Men Would Have Congress Usurp God's Place This puts Congress between the indi-vidual and God, changes the direct rela-tionship which exists between every soul and God into an indirect relationship 