LIBERTY 91 LABOR IN THE UNITED STATES PENALTY FOR VIOLATION. EXCEPTIONS ALLOWED. Fine of Ł$5-$ too  Hotels, boarding-houses, baths, restaurants, taverns, livery-stables, retail drug stores, manufacturing establishments usually kept in continuous   Fine of not over $25 1Works usually kept in continuous operation, and irrigating. Fine of not over $2  Works of necessity and charity; railroad commission may authorize run-ning of such through trains as public necessity and convenience may require. Fine of $5  Household work; work of necessity or charity; persons who conscien- tiously believe that the seventh day ought to be observed as the Sab-bath, and who refrain from labor on that day. A separate offense in each county;IRunning trains for the relief of wrecked trains, mail-trains, passenger- fine of $50-$ too for each offense. trains, stock-trains, trains carrying perishable freight; trains starting ' on Saturday may run until 9 A. m. to reach destination. A separate offense in each county or' Ships carrying mail, passengers, through freight, live stock, or perishable corporation; fine of $50-$ too for freight; unloading freight at intermediate stations and loading freight each offense. intended for final destination.  Livery-stables, garages; works of necessity or charity; preparing and serving meals, sale of prepared tobacco, milk, fruit, confectionery, newspapers, magazines, medical or surgical appliances; persons who keep another day of week as holy time. Fine of $25 $loo  Does not apply to hotels (except with respect to sale of intoxicating liquors), drug stores, livery-stables, or undertakers. First offense, fine of $ to or five days imprisonment, subsequent offenses, fine of $25-$5o, or 10-25 days' im-prisonment. Fine of not less than $5  Household or other work of necessity or charity; transporting mail, pas- sengers and baggage, running railroad-trains or steamboats; laboring on the Sabbath day by persons who conscientiously believe that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as the Sabbath, and actually refrain from all secular business or labor on that day, and do not disturb others observing Sunday. Fine of not over $10  Works of necessity and charity; persons who conscientiously believe that any other day of the week ought to be observed as Sabbath, and who actually refrain from secular labor or business on that day. Fine of $25-$ too  Newspaper printing-offices, railroads, telegraph companies, hotels, restau- rants, drug stores, livery-stables, news-depots, farmers, cattlemen, and ranchmen, mechanics, furnaces or smelters, glass-works, electric-light plants and gas-works, venders of ice, milk, fresh meat, and bread. 