156 LIBERTY mayor of the city, and other civil digni-taries were in attendance, and sat with the prelates of the church on the review-ing stand in front of the principal Catho-lic church of the city. Not only so, but the governor and the mayor were present at the opening meeting of the convention, to welcome the delegation to the State and city, and to laud, in their addresses, the activities of the Catholic Church. The city was in gala-day attire. Eve-rything that was public was bedecked in  mails to all publications that attack their faith, the support of the parochial schools by public taxation, the ousting from office of all public officials who are " bigoted," and the control of all Catholic public officials for the advancement of the church's interests. It makes no secret of these purposes. This organization more than any other is coming into a position where it will be able to bring tremendous pressure to bear upon politicians, to induce them to THE NEW JEFFERSON COUNTY ARMORY, LOUISVILLE, KY. Here were held all the mass-meetings of the convention. yellow and white, the trade-mark of Rome ; and private residences and non-Catholic business houses seemed to vie with one another in parading the papal bunting. Some houses were profusely decorated with the American flag; but the avowed purpose of the federation to make America Catholic made such deco-rations also seem appropriate to the mem-bers of the federation. The organization still holds before its members, as objects which it must ac-complish, the enactment and enforce-ment of Sunday laws, the closing of the  carry out the purpose of Pope Leo XIII to have the constitutions of these States and of this nation molded in harmony with the principles of the Catholic Church. The national secretary's report, con-taining nearly fifteen thousand words, is filled with the accomplishments and ob-jects of the organization, and we find by this that its activities are not limited to the United States. But the federation has met with one reverse in its efforts, and that is in the matter of the exclusion from the mails 