045 LIBERTY 13 to go free because I promised to go over the boundary ; and I had to arise in the middle of the night and flee. I have never returned to that place since. The experience of this Christian col-porteur and Bible distributor is similar to that of a multitude of others. These men were not condemned for seditious teach-ing, the circulation of immoral literature, or the stirring up of strife among the people ; and yet their acts in the further-ance of the gospel were considered in-dictable offenses. Why? Š Because re-ligion and the state were united, and one sect of professed Christians was using the machinery of the state for its own purpose Š to promulgate its own faith and repress all others. Under such a system the favorites of the state-favored religion enjoy the patronage of the pub-lic offices, and enforce with scrupulous fidelity the will of that church. Wher-ever religion and the state have been united, it has worked in that way, and it will always so operate. The feeling on the part of the founders of this nation that a union of the sacred and secular here " would lead us back to the Church of Rome," was a feeling that had the best of reason for its existence; and in nothing did they show their wisdom more than in their efforts to prevent such a union. C. M. S. The National Reform Idea in Korea WHEREVER laws are passed that deal with religion or the enforcement of re-ligious customs and usages, there always do we find manifest the spirit of perse-cution. A missionary, writing from Korea to the mission board under whose direction she was laboring for the pro-mulgation of the gospel in that land, says: Š In one village where a woman had started to observe the seventh-day Sab-bath, a native preacher told her she  might as well give it up, for the time would come when laws would be made, and they [the observers of the seventh clay] would be killed. We were startled as we realized that in a heathen land, which the gospel is just entering, we are required to give the people the light in reference to the question of a union of church and state. The idea that the cross of Christ can be advanced by human laws that force conscience is entirely out of harmony with the spirit of the gospel or the ex-ample of its Master. The religions of heathendom have always depended for their propagation upon the laws of the land. Such constituted their authority. True Christianity was established upon a surer foundation, a better principle, a higher authority. It needs no human law to preserve it or assist in its propa-gation. The Better Support I AM ashamed of some Christians be-cause they have so much dependence on Parliament and the law of the land. As to getting the law of the land to touch our religion, we earnestly cry, " Hands off ; leave us alone! " Your Sunday bills and all other forms of act-of-Parliament religion seem to me to be all wrong. Give us a fair field and no favor, and our faith has no cause to fear. Christ wants no help from Caesar. Let our members of Parliament repent of the bribery and corruption so rife in their own midst before they set up to be protectors of the religion of our Lord Jesus. I should be afraid to borrow help from government ; it would look to me as if I rested on an arm of flesh, instead of on the liv-ing God. Let the Lord's day be re-spected by all means, and may the day soon come when every shop shall be closed on the sabbath, but let it be by the force of conviction, and not by the power of policemen ; let true religion tri-umph by the power of God in men's hearts, and not by the power of fines and punishments.Š C. H. Spurgeon. 