4 LIBERTY same thing when he was here upon the earth. It is passing strange that any one should think that it is a benefit to the cause of religion to require an unwilling conformity to the outward appearance of religion from those who refuse to yield the obedience of the heart. It is passing strange that all will not recognize the plain teaching of the Scrip-tures that civil government was not or-dained to deal with the duties of men toward God. It is passing strange that a false zeal for religion should lead any to deny to others the very thing which they demand for themselves Š freedom to worship God according to the dictates of their own con-sciences. The American Sabbath THE well-known writer, Margaret E. Sangster, has an article in the Christian Herald of February 26, on the preservation of the American sabbath. The advice she gives on how to conduct one's self on the day she believes to be the Sabbath is good, as is also the expression which we quote : Š In order to preserve the American sab-bath we do not need legislation; we require atmosphere and influence. The sabbath that depends upon human legislation for a force impelling men to-ward its preservation is leaning on a broken reed that will pierce the hand of the one who leans upon it. The Evil Results of Religious Legislation IN opposing religious legislation we are not dealing merely with a local issue, or with a question that is new. We believe there is something at stake. We are ar-rayed against an evil principle which has Leen a desolating scourge through past ages, and has left the crimson trail of persecu-tion in its wake, causing the history of centuries to be written in blood. The union of church and state is a bane- ful thing. It has yielded a fearful harvest in the Old World, and doubtless it will yield the same, once it is planted in the New World. Warned by the lesson of the past, and wishing to avert the awful consequences which inevitably follow this illicit union, we are impelled to do all in our power to hinder the seeds of oppression from taking root in our midst. There are some things in history we should never forget. Their memory may be painful, and their recital may shock us, but they contain a lesson for us at this time. Although the Inquisition is not now, as it once was, a terrible reality, yet the black-ened ruins of its inquisitorial fires remain as grim reminders of its infamous work. The Inquisition is but the logical out-growth of a union of church and state. Sin exists only in the human heart. For the state to punish sin, it must know what is in the heart. That which the victim re-fuses to reveal, must be wrung from him by torture; hence the rack, the thumbscrews, the fagot, and every instrument of cruelty which the evil heart of man can invent. The first step taken to legislate upon a religious question is a step in the direction of a union of the church and the state, and " distant as it may be from the Inquisition, it differs from it only in degree. The one is the first step, the other is the last in the career of intolerance." The founders of this nation, notably Madison and Jefferson, had a clear view of the right principles of civil govern-ment, and they sought to prevent a repe-tition in the New World of the persecu-tion for conscience' sake which had been the curse of the Old World. If we wish to know something of the results of a union of the church and the state, we have only to read the history of the introduction of the Spanish Inquisition into the Netherlands in the attempt by Spain in the sixteenth century to force an-other religion upon the people. Motley in-forms us that it " converted all these gay cities into shambles, and changed the glit-tering processions of their Land-jewels into fettered marches to the scaffold." 