LIBERTY to give reproductions of but one or two of the buildings comprising the splendid groups that stud their campuses. From the foundation of the nation onward, education has been counted one of its greatest concerns. So long as na-tions continue, it will be true that the glory of a nation lies in the intelligence and morality of its people and the justice of its laws. Education and the unalloyed gospel of Jesus Christ are the two might-iest factors in bringing these conditions into being. We believe that every teacher and every preacher into whose hands this issue of the magazine falls will find in the articles contained in this number principles worthy of their most thought-ful consideration. Principles which mean much to our nation are tersely grouped in these special articles. Let us study them together. The editor will be glad to hear from any who wish to follow further the lines herein discussed. A Matter of Conscience REV. U. G. B. PIERCE, President Taft's Washington pastor, spoke wisely when he said : I shall refuse to take up an attack on people who entertain on Sunday, be-cause I believe the matter rests entirely with them, and no one should interfere. It is a question for a man's conscience to decide, and not for any other man to decide for him.Š Washington Post, March 6, 1911. Sound Principles Boldly Stated IN a sermon by Rev. J. J. Taylor, D. D., at Knoxville, Tenn., on March 12 some vital principles were stated in un-equivocal language, and yet the principles and the language were strongly objected to by the majority of his ministerial associates. The doctor was preaching upon the importance of the Sabbatic in-stitution, and the inconsistency of at- tempting to enforce it upon men. He said:Š "The Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath." This clear and concise utterance from the King lifts the Sabbath day above town councils and state legislatures, above crowned heads and all forms of earthly authority, and sets it among the things of God which can not be shaken. In all the Scriptures of both Testa-ments there is not the slightest hint of what modern Sabbatarians are pleased to call a secular sabbath ; and the idea seems to arise out of an adroit desire to get in some religious legislation, and yet evade the fundamental law of the land which forbids such legislation. The state has no religious functions whatever, and if there is any joke in that statement, it is a joke on the brother who has reached man's estate without learn-ing that rudimentary truth. In its own affairs the state is supreme, but it is not a religious institution, and it has no re-ligious affairs. There is no Christian state, though there are states in which Christian sentiments prevail, and such states are never oppressive. True relig-ion does not take up the sword in its own behalf, or make any appeal to civil law beyond protection in its right to wor-ship or not to worship God according to its own conscience. . . . The state can not repeal or amend, annul or enforce the eternal laws of God, or compel men to worship him or respect his institu-tions. Through agony and blood this country at least has learned the lesson, and in its fundamental law it expressly disclaims all right to regulate religion. God enacts his own Sabbath law, and he needs no county official, however de-vout, to help him enforce it. He hal-lowed the Sabbath ; he tells us how to keep it holy. In his assertion that " through agony and blood this country at least has learned the lesson," the doctor is some- what more optimistic than the facts war-rant. Would that this country had really learned the lesson of what religious leg-islation means; for then she would not be mapping out for herself a course which must result in leading the nations 