Jamestown Exposition Hymn THE words of the official hymn for the opening of the Jamestown Exposition, April 26, 1907, were written by Wil-liam M.. Pegram, of Baltimore, and are as follows:Š " O God of nations, by thy guiding hand Were our forefathers led to this blest shore. When they were seeking for some friendly land Where they thy praise, from fervent hearts might pour In deep libations. They had nought to fear From persecution's rack, or bitter strife, Or gross exactions, often hard to bear, Which compassed all their daily round of life. Their first famed act on bleak Cape Henry's shore Was planting of the cross, with grateful mien. Then with loud voice, above the ocean's roar Proclaimed their faith in what was yet unseen, Yet well they knew had surely been decreed, And in his own good time would be declared By him who helped them in their hour of need, Who neither fost'ring care nor guidance spared. Cheered by blest Hope, sheet-anchor of the soul, They struggled on, impelled by conscious right, Strong in that Faith, which did their acts control, And gave them power, when it was lost in sight. On Jamestown Isle they did new altars raise, Crude at the first, but with high purpose bent, And there again with heartsome hymns of praise They worshiped thee, 0 God, with one consent. So thus, 'twas seen, it needs not to be proved, That in this glorious land, where they were free, Their first thought was of him, whom well they loved, Their glory was religious liberty.' So now, Great God, on this our nation's day We give thee homage, by our sires begun. We still would learn of thee to watch and pray, Lest, losing thy loved care, we be undone. We praise thee for the gifts thy love bestows On this our country, with unsparing hand; Though undeserved, it thus most truly shows Thy watchful care o'er this God-favored land On which blest liberty first saw the light. Where it was cradled, as the world records; Where our forefathers' faith is ' lost in sight,' Where thou art King of kings and Lord of lords! ' " 