40 LIBERTY race is destined by nature to liberty or slavery. No republican government has ever found in any part of the globe such favorable circumstances." Š Id., pages 32-34. In the appendix to his " Consider-ations," Mirabeau published a letter written by the famous Turgot to Dr. Price, an Englishman favorable to Amer-ican principles, from which we quote :Š " America is the hope of the human race, and ought to become the model for humanity. She ought to prove to the world in fact that man can be free and tranquil and dispense with the chains of all kinds which tyrants and charlatans have imposed on pretext of the public good. . . . She ought to be an example of liberty of all kinds,Š political, civil, religious, commercial, and industrial. The asylum she opens to the oppressed ought to console the world. The facility of profiting therefrom to escape the re-sults of bad government will force all governments to be just and to enlighten themselves."Š Page 95. As one of the French noblemen who had taken an active part in helping Amer-ica to achieve her independence, General Lafayette was anxious to have the French Constituent Assembly also draft a constitution for France. On July 12, 1789, Lafayette, a member of the as-sembly, and commander of the national guard, made a speech stating that in his opinion " the opportunity had now come for France to imitate the example set by the Americans." Explaining further the influence which the American prin-ciples had upon this French leader, the historian Scherger says : Š " While in America, Lafayette had im-bibed the principles put forth during the Revolution. On his return to France, he enclosed a copy of the American Declara-tion of Rights in a valuable frame. Be-side the Declaration there was an empty column headed Declaration of Rights of the French people."Š" Evolution of Modern Liberty," page 222. On July 27, 1789, Champion de Cice, Archbishop of Bordeaux, the reporter  for the committee of the constitution, said, in a speech made before the as-sembly : Š " This noble idea [Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen], con-ceived in another hemisphere, ought to be because of its excellence, at once transplanted among us. We have par-ticipated in the events that gave to North America her liberty; she has shown us upon what principles the conservation of our own should rest; and it is the New World, whither we had formerly car-ried only weapons, which to-day teaches us to secure ourselves against the misfor-tune of betaking thither our persons." Š" Archives Parlementaires," 1787-99 (Paris, 1867-80), Vol. VIII, page 281. Germany Acknowledges America's Influence The struggle for liberty in America also met with the approval of the best thinkers in Germany. In 1783 there ap-peared in a Berlin journal an ode con-taining these words : Š " And thou, Europe, raise thy head. Soon will shine the day when thy chains shall break. Thy princes expelled, thou wilt hail a happy free state." Addressing America, the poet con-tinues: Š " Thy example speaks loudly to the farthest nations. Free is he who wills it, and is worthy to be so; Yet ever-raging despotism, which, break- ing God's laws, Serves but the great, frightens the na- tions." Š Berliner Monatsschrift, 1783. In conclusion, the same writer blesses " the better hemisphere, where sweet equality reigns." A German nobleman, in the American service, wrote to his friends in Europe enthusiastic accounts of the " beautiful and happy land, without kings, priests, farmers of taxes, and lazy barons, the land where every one is happy and pov-erty is unknown."Š Schlozer, Brief-wechsel, VII, page 333. 