THE PAPAL LEGATE OCCUPYING THE THRONE IN ST. JAMES'S CATHEDRAL, MONTREAL, AT THE OPEN- ING OF THE EUCHARISTIC CONGRESS LIBERTY 19 XVI or of Pius IX. They are not found indigenous anywhere in the soil of the Papacy. They are found in the Constitu-tion of the United States, and we wish they might remain there to the end of time, so that even Catholics might say, to the end of the world, Here we have liberty to worship God according to the dictates of our own consciences, untram-meled, unhindered, unmolested. C. M. S. A Striking Object-Lesson The Roman Catholic Eucharistic Congress in Montreal THE twenty-first Eucharistic Con-gress of the Roman Catholic Church, which was held in Mon-treal, Canada, Septem- ber 6-1 1, afforded an object-lesson f or a 11 North America, which every thinking Protes-tant ought to observe and study. It was the design of the Roman hierarchy that the na-tions of the Old World, two of them especially, should take note of the pageant and draw les-sons from it for their own serious thought. What does it mean that such a congress should be held in Amer-ica just at the present time ? There was a meaning in it, which was made very plain during the congress. The purpose was a double-headed one, as events proved. England, two years ago, seriously offended the Papacy by forbidding the officials of the London Eucharistic Congress to carry the " sacred Host " through the streets of the city in the great procession which  was to close the congress. France had dissolved the concordat with the Vatican, and laid a firm hand on the long-favored ecclesiastical institutions. This, therefore, was Rome's opportunity. She would show these two powers of the Old World her power among their own peoples in the New World. The province of Que-bec is predominantly French, and it is under the British flag. By holding the greatest Eucharistic Congress of her his-tory in Montreal, she would show what she could do among a French people on British soil. To make this lesson the more impress-ive, the premier of Quebec went down upon his knees before the envoy of the Pope, and kissed his ring, the symbol of his authority. In that act Quebec's pre-mier, in symbol, if not in reality, abdi-cated his authority and acknowledged the Pope, through his envoy, the ruler of the province. He further acknowl-edged his subserviency to the Pope in these words : Š When the church teaches, we believe; 