 ==r0.116-3a  Religious Liberty Imperiled The Issue in Michigan  'mannum=nna  SOMEBODYwith more zeal than real knowledge of the principles of re-ligious liberty, has proposed an amendment to the constitution of Michi-gan that would destroy all primary pri-vate, church, and parochial schools in that commonwealth. The proposed amendment is as follows : " Section 16. All residents of the State of Michigan, between the ages of five years and sixteen years, shall attend the public school in their respective districts until they have gradu-ated from the eighth grade: Provided, that in districts where the grades do not reach the eighth, the right to give their own children not only an education in " the three R's," but in the fourth R also, which, with them, is religion. We quote the following from a leaflet that has been circulated to some extent in that State, setting forth the principles that should govern in such matters : " The evident purpose of the amendment is to forbid the conducting of any sectarian, church, or parochial school. In the literature advoca-ting its adoption there is repeated expressions of patriotic devotion to Americanism, the flag, A Denominational College in Michigan. Drawing Its Students from Primary Schools That Would Be Closed by the Proposed Amendment then all persons herein described in such district shall complete the course taught therein. " Section 17. The legislature shall enact all necessary legislation to render Section 16 effec-tive." This measure is being opposed, and very naturally so, by the several denom-inations in Michigan that have their own school systems. These denomi-nations pay their proportion of taxes for the support of the public schools, and most of them do this willingly, feeling that a free and intelligent citizenry is essential in a republic ; but they claim 110 etc., urging the claim that Americanism will be better subserved by prohibiting any and all sec-tarian school systems. In other words, the amendment proposes and, as interpreted by its promoters, assumes, indirectly at least, that the religious training of children between the ages of five years and sixteen is inimical to the best interest of Americanism. " What Is Americanism? " If we desired to know what is meant by the term Christianity,' we should have to do some research work; we should have to go to the fountainhead, or original record, of Christianity; we should have to consult its meaning as por- 