1,...4L1LilaiWA,,,,B....4}, I _ .ZIVI____Aj.KI,VLUI—,)...,,ALL1.1,BV....,14  IC -:.c,   C IC  Sunday Closing Proposed in  C Arizona By W. F. Martin 76 LIBERTY mayor to demand the arrest of the con-stable. Crockett refused to do anything, saying he didn't know whether he could arrest him or not. On Monday Connor-ton went to the sheriff and gave himself up, and is now out on heavy bail. The indignant citizens called a meet-ing last Saturday night to select a new council and mayor, and at the next elec-tion they will demonstrate by unmistaka- ble action that the enforcing of religious obligations by civil law must come to an end on the island. Though desperately wounded by a bul let through the body, Roland Parks, the Tangier Island boy, shot practically for refusing to attend church on Sunday, was returned to his home just twelve days after the shooting. He is said to be on the road to recovery. 'Ł FOR a time two Western States, Ari-zona and California, stood together as great commonwealths where no Sunday-closing law existed. Some time ago, however, Arizona, through its leg-islature, enacted a law closing barber shops on Sunday. That seemed to leave California in a class by itself. Then Oregon, by a vote of its people, rescinded its Sunday-closing statute, thus joining California. Both in California and in Arizona a number of efforts have been made recently to secure local Sun-day-closing ordinances. The most re-cent of these has been at Mesa, Ariz., a thriving town about twenty miles from Phoenix, the capital of the State. The merchants of the town were desirous of forcing a Jewish tradesman to close his place on Sunday, and so asked the city attorney to draft a bill to bring this about. The merchants, of course, were joined in this request by the ministers and some of the church people. The city attorney began on the bill, but frankly told the merchants and the ministers that if this Jewish merchant were to be closed by law, every other place in town must close. This was not what they were after. The well-informed attorney also told them that a Sunday-closing law was opposed to the United  States Constitution and to the constitu-tion of the State of Arizona. When the Sunday-law advocates saw what they were facing, they dropped the question, for a time at least. Sunday laws are opposed to the spirit of both the national Constitution and the Arizona State constitution. Sunday ob-servance is an establishment of religion, and any law to compel people to keep the day is out of harmony with the First Amendment to the United States Con-stitution. The very first paragraph of the bill of rights of our " Magna Charta " declares, " Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of reli-gion." A law regarding Sunday would be a " law respecting an establishment of religion," and should our national Government pass it, it would be in vio-lation of the Constitution. The Arizona constitution says, " Per-fect toleration of religious sentiment shall be secured to every inhabitant of this State, and no inhabitant of this State shall ever be molested in person or property on account of his or her mode of religious worship or lack of the same." From this it can be plainly seen that any religious law would be directly con-trary to the intention of the makers of the Arizona constitution. It may be ar- 