A Game of Volley Ball LIBERTY 105 nor shall suffer or permit any children or servants to profane the Lord's day by gaming, fishing, fowling, hunting, or un-lawful pastime or recreation; and every person transgressing this section and be-ing thereof convicted before a justice of the peace, shall forfeit five dol lars, to be ap-plied to the use of the county." In the suit in question, en-tered by the Lord's Day Al-liance, it was contended that Ordinance 353 of Baltimore City was in di- rect conflict with the law of the State. The city officials in their defense main-tained that the ordinance was merely an extension of the State law, with the im-position of further and additional pen-alties for its violation in the city limits. The Court did not rule against the principle of Sunday legislation, he did not declare the State law void, but he did hold that the ordinance (No. 353 of Baltimore City) was " a proper and rea-sonable exercise of the police power com-mitted to the mayor and city council." In the course of the superior judge's line of reasoning he quoted from the supreme court of Maryland the statement that Š " Baseball is a fine game, cleaner and freer from danger than some others. It has taken a great hold upon the people. The public interest in it is confined to no one class. All classes are equally at-tracted by it, and thousands assemble to witness the games." Further, his honor argued that Š " The parks are made for the enjoy-ment and recreation of the public. On fair days there are crowds of people. The bands are permitted to play, but everything is under regulation. Walk-ing, autoing, boating, and other amuse-ments and recreations are permitted. Could the journey be far to a game of  baseball without any paid charge in con-nection with it, or a game of tennis or golf ? Must we assume that a participa-tion in these things will make people per se lawbreakers " Continuing, the Court said: " There is lit-tle if any differ-ence in principle between this and many other agencies for rec-reational, reli-gious, and other helpful pur-poses, which are provided for the people by those who are paid for services on Sun-day. In Hiller vs. State, supra, the Court of Appeals of Maryland has said that ' there are many popular enjoy-ments which are consistent with the sa-credness' of Sunday and the proper ob-servance of the day, and that ' baseball in itself is a harmless and healthful rec-reation.' " The conclusion arrived at by Judge Dawkins was : " If this be admitted, it would hardly be proper to say as a fact that this play-ing of ball in the parks or of other games permitted is essentially vicious or harm-ful." It is not our wish to criticize this de-cision. It may be and probably is what the legal fraternity would style " good law," but that does not help matters much from our standpoint, since it serves to establish more firmly than ever the evil principle that the state has the right to forbid on Sunday, or during certain hours of Sunday, sports and employ-ments not only innocent, but even com-mendable and useful in and of them-selves. There can be no reason for such pro-hibition except the claimed sacred char-acter of the day, or the purpose to give the offices of religion a monopoly of the day, either in whole or in part. Ordi- 