Editorial THE Spanish Chamber of Deputies is now discussing what is known as the Padlock bill, which prohibits the forma-tion of monastic establishments. The bill has already passed the Senate, and the premier is strongly urging its passage. THE Sunday Guardian (July-August issue), published in London, England, announces that the Imperial Sunday Al-liance is now amalgamated with the Sun-day Lay Movement. It is expected that as a result of this amalgamation of the two forces much more will be accom-plished in the matter of compulsory Sun-day observance than has ever before been accomplished. This organization claims the approval of the king in its ef-forts, and expects great advantage from that approval. To the Christian doctrine of the dis-tinction between what men owe to God and what they owe to the state, Amer-icans are indebted for the liberties which they enjoy, both civil and religious. Un-der that regime which puts the church above the state and binds all men in subjection both temporally and spiri-tually, there is no liberty, either civil or religious. Therefore, the rapid growth in America of the organization which does that must be viewed with the deep-est concern by all who prize such liber-ties as Americans now enjoy. CONGRESS had been in session but two days when a proposition was placed be-fore it to enact a religious law. This proposition was in the form of a bill in-troduced by Representative James T. Heflin, of Alabama, prohibiting " labor in, constructing buildings, or railroads, or work on streets, or hauling material in  the District of Columbia on the Sabbath day," this prohibition to be enforced by a fine of " not. less than twenty-five dol-lars nor more than five hundred dollars." This bill is practically a reproduction of one introduced by the same gentleman in the first session of the Fifty-ninth Con-gress, and reintroduced later. By ma-king such a bill a law of the District of Columbia, the government of the United States would be compelling the observance of a religious ordinance un-der penalty of a heavy fine. It is hardly the province of a civil government to compel the observance of any religious ordinance ; and no government can do that without making religion a test of good citizenship, and to that extent es-tablishing religion by law. Against that the whole genius of American govern-ment has set itself. The District com-missioners acted wisely in reporting ad-versely on the bill. THE greatest schism the world ever knew was fostered and propagated by ignorance of Bible truth. If the Word of God is designed of heaven as a light for the feet of earthly wayfarers, and if ignorance of that Word fosters supersti-tion, heresy, and false doctrine, can we consider it a Christian duty to forbid the people to read and study that Word? Can we consider it a Christian duty to permit ourselves to be deprived of the reading of that Word through the edict of any man or organization, church, or hierarchy ?Š Nay, verily. The messages contained in that Book are for individual men and women. One can not answer for another; one can not stand at the bar of God for an-other. One may refuse to read that Book for himself ; but when he assumes to for-bid another to read it, he has assumed an 23 