84 LIBERTY rather than upon the intent of the lawmakers when the somewhat drastic Sunday law of that State was adopted many years ago. The readers of LEBEHTY know very well that we hold no brief for the defense of Sunday laws. We believe neither in Sunday laws nor in any other civil enactment designed to enforce religious observances. We believe all such laws rest upon a false basis. The observance of a weekly rest day is religious in its origin, and according to the testimony of prominent Sun-day leaders, it is not only religious in its ori-gin, but it can be maintained only by appealing to religious feeling and religious reasons. When asked some years ago in a hearing be-fore a committee of the United States Senate, if a one-day-of-rest-in-seven law would not meet the demand, Rev. W. F. Crafts replied that it would not, saying, " If you take the religion out, you take the rest out." Nevertheless, the tendency today is a closed Sunday, so far as useful labor is concerned, and a wide-open Sunday for all kinds of pleas-ure seeking. The change is not a wholesome one, nor is it one that makes for a larger de-gree of religious liberty, but rather the con-trary. In most of the States, under the sys-tem and spirit of a half century ago, while Christian sentiment demanded Sunday laws, Christian charity suggested and moved to the panting of exemption clauses for observers of another day.; but now a change is coming, and with the elimination of the spiritual ele-ment and with the introduction of more and more of the secular-rest-day idea, the tendency is to eliminate exemptions, so that the observer of some other day is ground between a lower millstone of surviving religious prejudice, and the upper millstone of a " secular rest day." Genuine religion is spiritual and cannot be helped or fostered in any way by civil enact-ments. In fact, anything of that kind can be introduced only at the expense of spirituality, because in direct proportion to one's trust in civil law, will he cease to trust in divine power. We are profoundly convinced that it would  be a thousand times better for the cause of true Christianity if there were no compulsory Sun-day laws whatever. By compulsory Sunday laws we mean laws compelling any one to ob-serve that day. We do not oppose Sunday legislation designed wholly to guarantee a free Sunday to those who for any reason do not wish to work upon that day. We believe in a six-day working week, and in an eight-hour day, but we do not believe that the individual who, either from conven-ience or conviction, prefers to work on Sunday and to rest on some other day, ought to be penalized for so doing, nor do we believe that it ought to be a crime or a misdemeanor for any one who wishes to do so to engage on Sun-day in any honest labor or business that does not necessarily interfere with his neighbor's rest upon that day. Within the past two years there have been cases in near-by towns, in which men have been fined for hoeing in their gardens, mowing their lawns, trimming their hedges, and doing other similar work on Sunday, work which could not possibly disturb any one, except in the sense of causing that subtle annoyance that the re-ligious bigot feels when he sees any one doing anything or hears any one say anything that is contrary to his religious belief and practice. We do not rejoice to see people who believe in Sunday sacredness " desecrating " that day, because we see in it only an evidence of a lower spiritual tone; but on the other hand we see nothing whatever to be gained by compelling, by civil law, people to be idle upon a certain day of the week because other people believe it to be a sacred day. The highest and best service that the state can render religion is to let it alone. Uzzah was smitten by God and died by the sacred ark for putting forth his hand to stay it when it was being shaken by the stumbling of the oxen. We believe that the modern Uzzahs who invoke the power of the state in the interests of religion are com-mitting just as sacrilegious an act as that for which Uzzah was fatally stricken so many cen-turies ago. Intolerance, Toleration, and Religious Freedom BY religious intolerance is meant the arbitrary and tyrannical exercise of hu-man authority over the conscience and the soul liberty to worship God according to the dictates of the individual understanding. In-tolerance sets up a precise creed, whether right ,or wrong, and by the power of the civil law ,compels every one to conform thereto. The tools of intolerance are the prison, the rack, the block, and the stake. Intolerance can  brook no divergent opinions upon religious questions, and its only argument to silence the opposi-tion is force. Its inspiration is the spirit of persecution. Its strength lies in a union of church and state, where the ecclesiastical ruler is an arrogant pope and the political ruler a tyrannical king. For centuries, the peoples of many countries had to submit their consciences to an arbitrary, intolerant regime of a civil and ecclesiastical combination, until finally one By C. S. Longacre 