LIBERTY  39 5o9 differ from their own. Their motive may be pure enough. It may be the same motive that caused the spanking when we went in swimming on Sunday. But when we set ourselves up as judges of conscience, we become bigots. My neighboi may enjoy going to church to listen to Dr. Fourthly's ser-mons. No law says that he shall not, and I certainly do not say he shall not. Even the law upholds Dr. Fourthly in his perspiring work in the pulpit every Sunday. My neighbor's wife may find equal pleasure in showing off her new bonnet at that church, and to her Sunday may be a day of social conquest. I, on the other hand, regarding Dr. Fourthly as rather tiresome, but with a view to-ward mental relaxation, without which Sunday can not be a day of rest, would fain hie me to the athletic park and root for my favorite nine. But the law says I shall not. And it is because my neigh-bor says I shall not that the law says so. Of course if one takes a strictly re-ligious view of Sunday, regarding it as a day sacredly set apart by the Lord, then this enthusiasm for its strictly relig-ious observance is explained ; but the law can take no account of religious views. Why, there is a large and powerful re-ligious denomination, one of whose tenets is the belief that it is a sin to eat meat on Friday. Were this denomination suf-ficiently strong to propose the enactment of a law prohibiting the eating of meat on Friday, would the people who now agitate the maintenance of laws as to how I shall or shall not amuse myself on Sunday, tamely submit? I hardly think so.Ñ N. H. Johnson, in Nebraska State Journal, March 4, 1909. Alliance of Church and State ONE of the great questions that is going to confront the people of this country is the question of an alliance between church and state. The relig-ious forces are more and more en-croaching upon the confines of the  secular state. The church is making demands upon the state which it has no right to make. . . . To one who reads the signs of the times this is going to be the next great and vital question be- fore the people of the republic. . . . It does not require a prophet's vision to forecast that this is a problem that is soon going to vex this country. When the biennial council of the Union of American Hebrew Congregations de-clared through a resolution that this was not a Christian country, a number of Christian denominations at once came out in protest against the position taken by the council. . . . The Jew is far from attempting to dictate the policy of this nation. He does not need to attempt to dictate it. The position of this country on the church-and-state question has been dic-tated by the fathers of our country. The Jew is willing to abide by that, and he is anxious for all the citizens of this country to abide by their policy. There are not a few Jews who are of the opin-ion that the Jew should display the Mar-ano spirit in this question and cowardly say nothing. This is not a Jewish, it is not a Chris-tian, question. It is an American ques-tion. Every true lover of his country should think deeply on this question. He should not view it from a narrow, self-ish, creedal standpoint. He should view it in the broadest light of the truest and highest Americanism. If he does, there can be but one answer to this question, and that is that church and state should be kept apart. All citizens are not going to view it in this light. It therefore be-hooves all true lovers of their country, no matter what their creed, to band to-gether to take a united stand on this question. It behooves all men who be-lieve in a secular state to join hands and present a solid front so as to be pre-pared to meet the question when it comes before the public.ÑTobias Schan-farber, in The Chicago Israelite, Feb, 20, 1909. 