Gallows' Hill, Salem, Mass., site of the Witchcraft Executions 76 LII3ERTY r ork and fowls, a corned leg of pork with sauce groper for it, a leg of bacon, a leg of d la mode beef, a leg of mutton with caper sauce, a roast loin of veal, a roast turkey, a venison pastee, besides cheese cakes and tarts, cheese and but-ter. Half a dozen cooks were employed upon this occasion, and upwards of twenty tenders to wait upon the tables. They had the best of cider, one barrel of Lisbon wine, punch in plenty before and after dinner, made of old Barbados spirit. The cost of this moderate dinner was upwards of fifty pounds lawful money.' " And yet there are those who are sighing for a return of the Puritan just because they enforced Sunday." Indeed it was only a few months ago that Dr. Bowlby, the secretary of the Lord's Day Alliz:ice, said in a meeting in this city, that 'v: needed more, not less, of the Puritan spirit in 'he American Sabbath;" and nobody who knows the doctor could doubt that he meant every word of it. c. P. B. Blue-Law Crusaders CERTAIN members of the assembly would press a bill which would place an air-tight Sunday on the State. They would even go beyond the old blue laws of the Puritan colonists which forbade indulgence in the wholesome sport of kissing one's own wife. They would shut up everything on Sunday save the jaws of the agitator. It would be difficult to turn a wheel except in case of dire necessity, and almost impossible to buy anything for use, comfort, or pleasure. The only chance a man would have of spending a cent would be to put it in the collection box. The church people are presumed to be behind the bill, but are not Šthat is officially. Individual religionists of an uncompromising type are for the measure, how-ever, and naturally stir up the radicals of other creeds than their own, who cannot agree with them that Sunday is the Sabbath. Thus the age-old controversy may again spring into the arena and enthusiasts will shed ink as they have blood in other days Š all for the uncompromising faith that is in them. All of which recalls an incident which oc- cur s in English history of a cen-tury or more ago. The historian gives the name of a Jew in Tewkesbury who fell into a well on a Saturday morn-ing but would not permit spectators to engage in the task of drawing h i m out Š believ- ing that to do so would be to violate the sanctity of the holy day. On the following morning he was quite ready to he rescued from his plight, but the authorities, out of respect for Sunday, would not permit any work of relief to be un-dertaken until after sunrise Monday morning. By that time the unfortunate man had been dead for some hours Š the victim of a combi-nation of his own unyielding creed with that of another. When people approach lawmaking in the unrelenting spirit of the crusader, the common, ordinary variety of everyday scout is apt to get the worst of it. As late as the time of Queen Victoria there were persons in English prisons whose only offense rested in their fail-ure to attend a Sabbath service. There are still extremists who would return to this impressive punishment, but with the expansion of liberal-ism in religious thought there is small danger of their realizing their wish. The world can be clean and good without imposing the rigid morals of the Puritan upon it.Š Editorial in Los Angeles Times, March 25, 1919. The Church in Politics A SUNDAY law crusade is on in Passaic, N. J. The clergymen are putting forth every effort to close all " movies " on Sundays. Some of the churches installed moving picture machines and endeavored to compete with the secular shows. One of the clergymen who tried this scheme failed to draw the crowd, and now he is trying to have the commercial shows closed on Sundays while he still operates his own. According to a newspaper report, the show-man told this clergyman " that his show in the `movie' was better than the clergyman's show in the church, and if the people liked the show of the `movie' better than the show of the church it was not fair play for the churches to compel the people to attend the shows in the churches, and prevent them from attending the shows of their own choice." There is good logic in what the showman said. The church ought not only to keep out of the moving picture business as such, but above all 