" If I could have entertained the slightest apprehension that the Constitution framed by the convention . . . might possibly endanger the religious right of any ecclesiastical society, certainly I would never have placed my signature to it." This and many other gems of truth of a like nature are found in the book Š Struggle for Religious Liberty in Virginia. It is a most excellent work, and gives a clear insight into the causes which led to the disestablishment of religion in Virginia. It also gives the working out of those grand principles of religious liberty which were subsequently adopted by the founders of our government. The Review and Herald has recently purchased the entire edition of this book, and will supply it, while it lasts, at $1.25 a copy, post-paid. A Few Sets Left We have on hand a few sets of the old Religious Liberty Library, containing such valuable pamphlets as " Civil Gov-ernment and Religion," " Rome's Chal-lenge," " The Legal Sunday," " National Sunday Law," etc.; invaluable to those who are alive to present-day issues. Many of the tracts and pamphlets con-tained in this set are now out of print, and can only be had in this form. Three volumes bound in cloth sent to any address, post-paid, for $1.25. Our Reasons For protesting against religious legis-lation are briefly but strongly stated in the new tract Š "Prohibition and Sunday Leg- islation" The brief and pointed way in which our position is set forth will not fail to arrest the attention of any one into whose hands this tract may fall. Price, 12c a dozen; $1 a hundred, post-paid. Life arid Health  A Monthly Magazine of A practical health journal, demonstra-ting the application of the principles governing human life; teaching how to maintain health and how to prevent dis-ease; containing treatises on the nature of disease; instruction from some of the best and most successful physicians upon the home treatment of common diseases; warning against many daily practises that pave the way for disease, etc.,Š a health journal that will serve in many respects as a home physician and a trained nurse, bringing to the home much practical information upon the common-sense application of natural health laws; leading away from the usual unhealthful manner of living, and preparing the mind for a higher concep-tion, and the body for a fuller enjoyment of life. Health and Temperance In addition to the general articles pre-senting fundamental principles, the jour-nal contains a department of Healthful Cookery and Household Suggestions; also a Mothers' Department, in which are given helpful suggestions to mothers along practical lines; a Questions and Answers Department, in which answers are given to correspondents upon topics in which they are especially interested; News Notes, in which the latest news concerning reforms is given, and a Cur-rent Comment Department, in which the editor gives the pith and point of his counsels and advice to his patients upon subjects of a general nature, etc. Annual subscription price, 75 cents; foreign countries, $1.00. Single copies, to cents. Send for sample copy, and special rates to agents. Address Š George Washington Said: REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN. Washington, D. C. LIFE AND HEALTH, Takoma. Park, D. C. 