44 LIBERTY and no longer felt or appreciated. When the irritants which are eaten, or which are formed in the alimentary canal through dietetic errors, are absorbed and brought in contact with the brain and the nervous system, they produce head-aches, insomnia, nervousness, and other unpleasant symptoms. A dose of some narcotic will bring temporary relief by deadening the brain and nerves. Nar-cotics appear to act curatively, when the fact is, they merely pull down the UNIVERSITY OF OKLAHOMA ( NEW ADMINISTRATION BUILD-ING), FOUNDED 1892, REV. A. G. EVANS, PRESIDENT signals of danger nature erects along the pathway of the transgressor. They pro-duce a feeling of well-being which is de-ceptive. Men under their influence feel well and imagine they are well, when they are far from being well. The one in health, who subsists on fruits, grains, vegetables, and nuts, and has a conscience void of offense toward God and man, feels well, and therefore possesses no craving for narcotics. The craving for narcotics is often cul-tivated in so-called temperance homes, by well-meaning mothers, in the highly sea-soned food served to their children. Chil-dren are taught geography, astronomy, geometry, etc., but are left in total igno-rance regarding the needs of the human body, and how it may be kept at its best. An educational effort carried forward in the schools of our land along the line indicated, would tend to produce a bet-ter crop of boys and girls. Diet reform How Europe Is Being Penalized OBSERVING the destruction that drink has produced in the individual, the home, the community, it seems of late to have become a question among many Conti-nental physicians whether alcohol in any form should be used, even as a stimulant in sickness, or as formerly, when it was thought to be a tonic, for ameliora-tion of the ills and feebleness of old age. Alcohol is becoming universally regarded as a poison so deleterious, even in small quantities, that, if used at all, it should be only in the arts. . . . Dr. Lefebvre, of the University of Louvain, and Dr. Allevi, of Italy, have recently published some startling truths about the progress of alcoholism on the continent of Europe. France, especially, has a very disturb-ing record. In 1851, say these writers, with a population of nearly thirty-six millions, it consumed six hundred twenty thousand hectoliters. (A hectoliter is a hundred liters, and a liter is something less than a quart.) To-day, with a pop-ulation of thirty-nine millions, it con- sumes ten times that quantity. In Ger- many the married working man spends between fourteen and twenty per cent of his wages on Rhine wine and beer; but, strange to say, Italy drinks more alcohol than Germany, and comes next after France, Switzerland, and Belgium. Of the insane confined in the asylum in Rome, says this same authority, twen- ty-seven per cent have been made mad through alcoholism. At Lucca the per- should be given a place alongside of tem-perance reform, in order to accomplish what we hope to accomplish through tem-perance reforms. Washington, D. C. 