06 28 LIBERTY any religious body has any right, human or divine, to seize the reins of govern-ment for the purpose of furthering its ends. There is a vast difference between lib-erty to obey the convictions of con-science, and liberty to accept the will of the church, enforced by the power of the state. A National Lord's Day Alliance For the United States W. A. COLCORD NOT content with the organizations already formed, the friends of Sunday enforcement in the United States have formed a new organization, called the Lord's Day Alliance of the United States. The convention called for this purpose met at Pittsburg, Pa., Dec. 1-3, 1908, in the Second Presbyterian church. In the announcement sent out for the conven-tion, the object of the gathering was stated as follows : " The object will be to enable the friends of the Lord's day to unite in organizing a National Lord's Day Alliance for the United States." Prominent Sunday-law workers from various parts of the country attended the convention, and gave addresses on such topics as : " The Needs of the Hour as Indicated by Present Conditions in the United States ; " " The Sunday Laws of the States ; " " The Practical Working of the Lord's Day Alliance of Canada; " " The Wisdom of a Similar Organization in the United States ; " and " What Can We Do with a National Association ? " One of the leading speakers present was Rev. T. Albert Moore, secretary of the Lord's Day Alliance of Canada. The prevailing sentiment of the convention seemed to be a desire to return to Puri-tanical methods, and to effect an organ-ization for the United States similar to the one in Canada, where Protestants and Catholics and labor organizations have united in demanding the compulsory ob-servance of Sunday, and succeeded re-cently in obtaining from the Dominion  Parliament a strict Sunday law, defeat-ing even the effort to include in it a clause exempting conscientious observers of an-other day. The following statements from dif-ferent speakers are characteristic of the addresses delivered : Š " I believe there is enough Puritan sentiment to conserve the best interests of the Lord's day." " We live in a land of liberty, yes, of the highest form of liberty; but let it be remembered that it is a liberty regulated by law." " In this day of organizations we can not accomplish results in any other way." " In Canada they are ahead of us. They have been accomplishing wonder-ful things there for preserving the sanc-tity of the Sabbath." " Some of us have been down to Har-risburg lobbying. If they see that we are a compact force, they will recog-nize that. They can ignore individuals, but they can not afford to go against the combined Christian forces." " We have never yet reached the pin-nacle of an effective national organiza-tion for the preservation of the Lord's day." " If we as a church desire to see the return of the people to our sanctuary, we must uphold and establish the laws of the Sabbath; and above all the law of God." One speaker rejoiced because of the fact that " in some parts there have been some imprisonments under Sunday laws." These men were evidently impressed with the idea that they were engaged in important business ; and indeed they were, though not in the way they thought, for they were planning a movement which, if successful, will overthrow one of the fundamental and most sacred principles of the government of the United States,Š that of religious free-dom, or the separation of church and state. In announcing the session for the or-ganization of the new association, and 