38 LIBERTY God. The religion which is a matter of so little conscience that it is unwilling to run any risks of loss or sacrifice, and needs a governmental prop to support it, can be of little benefit to its possessor, and would certainly be a dangerous thing to embody into civil lad. Enforced Idleness God never intended the Sabbath to be a clay of idleness. The divine command is, " Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy." Kept thus it is a blessing. Unless the state can enjoin such observ-ance of the day, it has no right to en-force the cessation from labor prereq-uisite to it. To do so simply means enforced idleness, and idleness fosters intemperance, vice, and all other crimes. In " The Sabbath, Its Defense," Dr. W. W. Everts (Baptist) says : Š " It were better no Sabbath were given to the poor than that they should spend it in dissipation. Uninterrupted toil is not so debasing to body, mind, es-tate, or character." Dr. Albert Barnes (Presbyterian), in " Practical Sermons," says : " If the Sabbath is not regarded as holy time, it will be regarded as pastime ; if not a day sacred to devotion, it will be a day of recreation, of pleasure, of li-centiousness." " Doing nothing," says Dr. Crafts, " is an apprenticeship to doing wrong." True; but what are the ordinary Sun-day laws but acts requiring men to " do nothing "? Again he says, " Liquor and leisure never meet but for mischief." But what are Sunday laws but enforced " leisure "? They make compulsory the very thing which fosters drunkenness, licentiousness, and questionable amuse-ments ; and then more Sunday laws are called for to correct these evils. One Sunday law is demanded to remedy the wrongs created by another, thus demon-strating that the whole philosophy of Sabbath legislation on the part, of civil government, and of religious legislation in general, is wrong from the founda-tion up. No Such Legislation Needed If those who observe Sunday or those who wish to do so need a law compell- ing others to observe the clay, then, by parity of reasoning, those who observe any other clay need a law requiring others to observe that day. And the state can not grant such a law to one class and deny it to another, without enacting class legislation, taking sides in a religious controversy, and making an unjust distinction between its cit-izens. Chief Justice Terry, of Califor-nia, says: " The enforced observance of a day held sacred by one of the sects, is a discriminatian in favor of that sect, and a violation of the freedom of others. . . . The legislature has no right to for-bid or enjoin the lawful pursuit of a lawful occupation on one day of the week, any more than it can forbid it al-together."Š 9 Cal., 502. But the truth is, no class needs such a law. Every such law is a selfish, un-just, unchristian thing, and virtually es-tablishes by law the religion of the class represented and favored by it. They may be in the majority, but in religion majorities have no right to rule by law, nor to ask the state to give preference by law to them or to their mode of wor-ship. For the majority to rule by law in religious matters is all any church ever asked in the palmiest days of relig-ious establishments. Note how Cath-olics view Protestants taking this posi-tion : Š " The position of coercion taken by so many of the Protestant clergy in this matter . . . is a grievous departure from their old battle-cry of civil and religious liberty."Š Rev. Thomas F. Cashman, in Chicago Evening Journal, April 8, 1893. Not a Mere Local Issue The demand that Congress shall pass a District Sunday law is not a mere local affair, nor does it concern simply the people of the District. It is of national significance, and concerns the people of the whole nation. And so it is regarded by the advo- 