LIBERTY  23 55 3 " A BILL " For the proper observance of Sunday as a day of rest in the District of Co-lumbia. " Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America, in Congress assem-bled, That it shall be unlawful for any person or corporation in the District of Columbia, on the first clay of the week, commonly called Sunday, to labor at any trade or calling, or to employ or cause to be employed his apprentice or servant in any labor or business, except in house-hold work or other work of necessity or charity, and except also newspaper publishers and their employees, and ex-cept also public-service corporations and their employees, in the necessary supply-ing of service to the people of the Dis-trict." " Section 2: That it shall be unlawful for any persons in said District on said clay to engage in any circus, show, or theatrical performance : Provided, That the provisions of this act shall not be construed so as to prohibit sacred con-certs, nor the regular business of hotels and restaurants on said day; nor to the delivery of articles of food, including meats, at any time before ten o'clock in the morning of said day from June i to October 1; nor to the sale of milk, fruit, confectionery, ice, soda and mineral waters, newspapers, periodicals, cigars, drugs, medicines, and surgical appli-ances; nor to the business of livery stables, or other public, or the use of private, conveyances; nor to the handling and operation of the United States mail. " Sec. 3 : That any person or corpora-tion who shall violate the provisions of this act shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by a fine of not more than ten dollars, or by imprisonment in the jail of the District of Columbia for not more than ten days, or by both such fine and imprisonment, in the discretion of the court: Provided, That persons who are members of a religious society, who ob-serve as a sabbath any other day in the week than Sunday, shall not be liable to  the penalties prescribed in this act if they observe as a sabbath one day in each seven, as herein provided. " Sec. 4: That all prosecutions for vio-lations of this act shall be in the police courts of the District of Columbia and in the name of the District." General Objections to the Bill The first argument against the pro- posed legislation was made by one of the editors of LIBERTY, who occupied fifteen SENATOR JOHNSTON OF ALABAMA Who secured the passage of the Johnston Sun-day bill in the Senate minutes in bringing to the attention of the committee a number of reasons why the bill should not be favorably reported. The following is a brief outline of these reasons, which were developed in the ar-gument : Ñ I. There are a large number of asso-ciations and alliances pledged to secure the passage of State and national Sunday laws throughout this country. 2. These organizations have declared their purpose to secure a Sunday law for the District of Columbia. 