LIBERTY 27 " We rejoice at it [Mr. Kerens's ap-pointment] for several reasons. We feel that Mr. Kerens has suffered very much politically for his pronounced and uncompromising Catholicity. He would be senator from Missouri to-day if he had been less of a Catholic. If there are any honors which a public man can receive because of his devotion to the Catholic Church, we feel it our duty to try to secure them for him. Then Mr. Kerens had deserved very well of the whole Catholic Church. He had given largely of his ample means to promote her charities and activities in all parts of the country; and always in the silent, modest, and unostentatious :vay characteristic of the man. . . . " He has many strong friends in and out of his party. But if his personal worth and the support of his friends proved inadequate to save him from neglect, the Catholics of the land came manfully to the front and saved the day." The reasons given for demanding the appointment of Mr. Kerens and the frank avowal of the cause of the suc-cess of the effort in his behalf are worthy of note : ( " The Catholics of the country deserved recognition from the President; " (2) " The new President was conscious of the obliga-tion ; " (3) All the bishops of the United States favored this appointment, " and some of them so assured the President ; " (4) " Mr. Kerens had de-served very well of the whole Catholic Church; " (5) When considerations of personal worth and the support of his friends were not likely to prevail, " the Catholics of the land came manfully to the front and saved the day." In view of these remarkable declara-tions we are led to inquire : (I) For what reason did Mr. Taft feel conscious of any obligation to the Catholics of the country, unless he was conscious that the hierarchy had used their influence over their communicants to furnish a large block of votes for the Republican candidate for the presidency? (2)  Why should the opinion of a bishop of the Roman Catholic Church be desired or sought concerning the appointment of an ambassador to a foreign court? (3) What bearing do the donations of Mr. Kerens to the Roman Catholic charities have upon the question of his fitness to represent the United States at the Austrian court? (4) How could Catholics save the day for Mr. Kerens unless they appealed to the power of the church as a voting factor in political contests? (5) Has it already come to this that the Roman Catholic Church in the United States can openly demand political favors and insist upon their being granted in return for the influ-ence of the church in a presidential elec-tion? Those optimistic writers and speak-ers who have no forebodings of evil be-cause of the rapid growth of the Roman Catholic Church in America may find food for profitable reflection in this latest outburst of politico-religious zeal, and this self-confessed mixing of the Roman Catholic Church with politics. It forcibly suggests what we may ex-pect in the future. A Groundless Fear Roger Williams's Great Simile C. E. HOLMES DURING the time of the French Revo-lution, liberty was carried to a fanatical extreme. No law was respected. An-archy ruled supreme. There are some to-day who fear that those who are ad-vocating civil and religious liberty, or an entire separation of church and state, are opposed to civil law, and are seeking the liberty which will bring on conditions similar to the Reign of Terror. Such a fear is groundless, both in regard to the purpose of those who are laboring to keep religion and state separated in this country, and in regard to the result of their work. The legitimate and binding force of properly constituted civil government is not only to be desired, but actually to 