LIBERTY 45 News and Notes A SUNDAY bill was introduced in the Oklahoma legislature early in December. The supreme court of Idaho ha; rendered a decision sustaining the constitutionalty of the recently enacted State Sunday law. Thus far five Sunday bills have been in-troduced into the present Congress, four for the District of Columbia, and one rela-ting to the postal service. In his recent trip around the world, Mr. W. F. Crafts perfected branches of his International Reform Bureau in five of the leading cities of Austra:ia. The Ministers' Federation of Seattle, Wash., passed a resolution recently to the effect that the officials should perform their duty in enforcing the Sunday law of that city. Justice O'Gorman, of the supreme court of New York, rendered a decision Decem-ber 2, sustaining the State Sunday law, in a test case invo:ving the closing of theaters on Sunday. A leaflet entitled, "A Christian Appeal in Behalf of Sunday Observance," is being circulated in Washington, D. C. It is signed by eighteen clergymen, including a Roman Catholic priest. For refusing to testify in court on Sat-urday, on account of her regard for that day as the Sabbath, a woman in the State of Washington not long ago was sentenced to twenty days' imprisonment. On account of so many of the parents of children in the public schools in New York City being Jews, serious difficulties have arisen there in regard to Christmas exer-cises and the singing of Christian hymns in the schools. Section 2 of Article of the Oklahoma constitution provides fdr "perfect toleration of religious sentiment " in that State. If the days of religious toleration have re-turned, the days of religious intolerance may not be far off. In a letter dated Sept. 14, 1907, addressed to Dr. T. T. Mutchler, president of the In-ternational Federation of Sunday Rest ŁAs--sociations of America, Mr. Samuel Gom-pers, president of the American Federation  of Labor, says: " The American Federation of Labor has emphatically declared itself in favor of the Sunday rest." Consequent upon the Sunday-enforcement crusade started in Kansas City, Mo., by Judge Wm. H. Wallace, to,' It indictments for violating the State Sunday law have been returned by the county grand' jury since September 20. Chicago, New York, Boston, Kansas City, Topeka, Omaha, and many other places have been having a turn at the enforcement of the " b:ue laws." As a Pennsylvania paper puts it, there has been a " formidable uprising against the violators of the Sunday laws " throughout the country. September 4, George B. Thomson and D. A. Deedon, of Manchester, Tenn., both ob-servers of the seventh day, were tried for Sunday labor, and fined five dollars and costs, amounting in all to $47.80. The labor for which they were indicted was the stretching of a wire fence to keep the cattle out of their corn. A young man in the German army was recently sentenced to seven months' im-prisonment for refusing, on account of con-scientious convictions, to do military duty on the seventh day, which he regards as the Sabbath. For the same offense, another young man in Argentina, South America, was flogged until he was unable to walk. The Trenton (N. J.) Times quotes the following from the Redbank Register: " The blue-laws ought to be wiped from the statute-books. They serve no good pur-pose. They are enforced only when some malicious person desires to injure his neigh-bor. Laws which permit this are worse than useless: they are harmful. . . . It is time this weapon of malice was' strkken from the statute-book." At the annual meeting of the National Reform Association, held Dec. 4, 1907, at Columbus, Ohio, a resolution was passed, stating that " our Sabath laws ought to be carefully maintained, but we should beware of placing our chief dependence upon these laws." From the wide-spread clamor for Sunday enforcement, this, it appears, is about where the " chief dependence " is being placed by many religious people to-day. 