Temperance Alcohol as a Chief Cause of Crime ACCORDING to the modern view, crim-inality implies, to some extent, defective mentality. A man with normal men-tal vision realizes intuitively that a law-abiding course enhances his own inter-ests as well as those of the community. If he departs from such a course, it is only under the stress of unusual temptation, or at a time when his judgment is im-paired Š in partic-ular, that judg-ment as to social relations which we commonly speak of as " moral sense." Now, it is a char-acteristic effect of alcohol to produce impairment of this highest mental fac-ulty while at the same time stimu-lating various lower propensities and passions. We might infer, almost without argument, therefore, that an agent which in-flames the pas-sions and lowers the moral sense must make for the commission of crime. This inference, as regards alcohol, is abundantly justified by every-day expe-rience; yet perhaps few people fully appreciate the power of this agent to in-terfere with the orderly course of society. It is rather startling, for example, to read the declaration of the Lord Chief Justice of England that, " if sifted, nine tenths of the crime of England and Wales could  be traced to drink." But when we ex-amine the abundant statistics, and note the force of their unsifted and, there- fore, highly conservative verdict, we are led to feel that the estimate 's by no means unreasonable, and that it may be applied with equal justice to practically every civilized nation. Thus the famous investigation of the Massachusetts Bu- reau of Labor Sta- tistics revealed the fact that eighty- four per cent of all criminals under conviction in the correctional insti-tutions of that State owed " the condition which in-duced the crime " to intemper-ate habits. The in-vestigation included the in-, mates o f such 1111  minor correctional institutions as jails and workhouses, a very large propor-tion of whom were arrested for being " drunk and disor-IIINI1' derl y;" but if these were ex-cluded, and atten-tion confined to charges other than drunkenness, alco-hol could still be made responsible for 5o.88 per cent, or more than half, of all crimes. An almost identical re-sult was reached quite independently by the investigators of the Committee of Fifty, who very carefully scrutinized the records of 13,402 convicts in seven-teen prisons and reformatories scattered through twelve States. The investiga-tion did not include ordinary jails, and SPEAKING OF VICE 