LIBERTY 75 After all, one cannot help but feel that the pastors are in danger of making themselves ridiculous. They condemned with equal vigor three other amusement devices that they later approved. If the word of the preachers about the picture shows is to be accepted, they are to be believed in their utterances about the bicycle, the street ear, and the automobile. We know the pastors were wrong about the latter three. Why should we not at least strongly suspect that they are again proving, not only that they profit nothing from past experience, but that they are slowly placing themselves in a posi-tion where no one will be able to take them seriouslylŠEarle Dorsey, in Washington Her-ald, Feb. 13, 1919. Some Interesting History Recalled FROM a book written by Mrs. Morse Earle and printed in England something over a quarter of a century ago, we cull some bits of history of special interest just now because of the revival of the old fight to im-pose the rigors of the Puritan sab-bath upon the peo-ple of this country. According to Mrs. Earle's book, the title of which is, " The Sabbath of Puritan N e w England," one of the prominent fea-tures in the en-forcement of the Puritan Sunday Š "was the tithing-man,' a gentleman who paced up and down the church armed with a long pole, one end of which was furnished with a heavy knob, the other with a fox's tail or hare's foot. The hard end was for the benefit of male sleepers, the soft for female. When we remember that the customary length of the sermon was about three hours, though some of four or five hours long were not un-common, it can readily be seen that this duty of the tithingman was very necessary. Any man who resented being startled from his nap by the heavy blow of this official was soundly whipped and stigmatized as a common sleeper at the public exercise.' " The tithingman also had to keep in order the boys. Outside the meetinghouse he had charge of a large number of families, usually ten, and was responsible for the children's learn-ing their catechism. He inspected the saloons. He entered private houses to assure himself that no one stayed at home on the Sabbath,'  and hustled up any loiterers. His business was also to see that no one fared too sumptu-ously; that young men and maidens did not spend too much time together, or do any court-ing Saturday nights. He was empowered to stop all Sunday work. He had to keep a special eye out' on all bachelors, and make their lives as uncomfortable as possible, that they might protect themselves by a speedy mar-riage. He warned people out of ye towne,' the warned having henceforth no claim upon relief from the poor rates.' He also had to turn the hourglass on the minister's desk; in fact, his time was taken up, especially on Sun-day, in performing the sundry acts of Puritan piety." Many illustrations are given by Mrs. Earle showing the absurd excess to which the Sunday laws were carried. " In 1670 two lovers were punished for sitting together on the Lord's day under an apple tree in Goodman Chapman's orchard.' A Dunstable soldier was fined forty shillings for putting a piece of old felt hat in his shoe on the Sabbath' Captain Kemble, a prominent man of Boston, was in 1656 con-demned to two hours in the public stocks, for 'lewd and un-  seemly behavior, which consisted in kissing his wife on the doorstep, on his return from a three years' voy-age. An English sea captain was soundly whipped for a like offense. A man who had fallen into t h e water and ab-sented himself from church to dry his only suit of clothes, w a s found guilty and `publicly whipped.' Smoking on Sun-  day was forbidden. To stay away from church meant cu-mulative pecuniary mulct. A severe flogging was inflicted on a ..ian who dared say he was not profited by a certain preacher's dis-courses. To criticize a sermon or the conduct of a minister meant church discipline and a heavy fine, and so forth. " And yet the most of these preachers were a most intemperate set. Even their ordination services were scenes of unseemly revelry. An item from the journal of one reads: Mr. L. was alert and kept us all merry. A jolly ordi-nation. We lost all sight of decorum.' Not only were there ordination banquets' but or-dination balls.' And at such feasts the most astonishing feature was the amount of punch' that was put away. " An ordination feast is thus described by one who was present: "' There were six tables that held one with another eighteen persons each; upon each table a good rich plum pudding, a dish of boiled A Quaker in the Stocks in Massachusetts for Dissenting from the Statute-enforced Religion 