LIBERTY 109 in the barroom adjoining, in the hope of pre-venting a quorum; but finally, hearing Dr. Pefia Murietta proceed with the business of the day, they rushed in, shouting, There is no quorum! There is no quorum!' The other congressmen laughed, and said that it would have been their fault if there were not. And so it happened that the very enemies of the bill were present and helped to swell the quo-rum that made possible the formal announce-ment of the law. " By this time the noise in the galleries was enormous. Women prayed and yelled at the same time, firecrackers were set off, and more alfalfa crowns were hurled at Dr. Pefia Mu-rietta as he arose, and with his bell in one hand (to call for order) and the official docu-ment in the other, shouted out, The honorable congress being in session in order to formally announce the reform of Article IV of the con-stitution, I shall announce it! ' Like a tiger Sr. Sancho Diaz sprang from his seat, ran to the table, seized the document, and tore it to pieces. " Some of the congressmen tried to stop him, but were unable to do so. Dr. Pena Murietta, having ordered the offender to be detained, announced the adjournment of the day's session. (A few moments later the priest formally apologized for tearing up the document.) And so closed one of the most extraordinary sessions of the Peruvian Con-gress." This account of the attitude and be-havior of the Catholics upon this occa-sion is characteristic of the attitude of that church toward all reforms in all countries and at all times where she has held temporal and spiritual dominance. Rome favors religious liberty for others only when she cannot prevent it. This is very forcefully stated by Cardinal Gib-bons, in his work entitled " Faith of Our Fathers," in the following words : " Re-ligious liberty may be tolerated by a ruler when it would do more harm to the state or to the community to repress it ; " and he adds approvingly, " This is the true Catholic teaching on this point, according to Bacanus and all Catholic theologians." Imagine an American patriot and citizen talking about " tolerating " religious liberty ! In an encyclical addressed to the bish-ops of France, dated Feb. 1 t, 1906, Pope Pius X says, " That it is necessary tc separate church and state is a thesis abso-lutely false, a most pernicious error." Until the popes repudiate this doctrine, and the hierarchy in Catholic countries assume a more friendly attitude toward religious liberty and the rights of coreli-gionists, the $5o,000 Committee on Reli-gious Prejudice need not go very far to find the reason why there is so much agi-tation and suspicion in America con- cerning Roman Catholics. c. s. L. NOTE AND COMMENT What is " Indecent " ? THE following, which appeared in the Columbian (Roman Catholic) of Jan. 21, 1916, is of interest just now because of its use of the word " indecent : "Š " It was certainly in bad taste on the part of Senator Fall to say publicly, in the United States Senate, that Senator Stone would not like to go where General Huerta had gone after death. No one appointed Senator Fall judge of Huerta. It was presumptuous and indecent of him to pass sentence in the case." We certainly agree with the Columbian that no one has been appointed judge of Huerta, and we deplore the growing  tendency to joke upon such a subject as the possible loss of a soul. As we view it, anything of this kind shows irrever-ence and poor taste ; we should not, how-ever, regard it as indecent. But the use of that word in this connection is sig-nificant, inasmuch as it is one of the terms used in Congressman Fitzgerald's bill, which proposes to give the Postmas-ter-General power to exclude from the mails any publication containing anything that is " indecent." It simply shows how small a thing might be made the pretext for excluding from the mails matter ob-jectionable to the Postmaster-General. 