General Articles Church and State in the Days of Rome The Church's Greatest Mistake C. M. SNOW THE Author of the Christian religion bequeathed to his followers the greatest power in the universe. The very arsenal of heaven was requisitioned in their be-half. So he said : "All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth. Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, bapti-zing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost : . . . and, lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." Jesus Christ had won the right to call down from heaven all power necessary to enable Christians to meet and over-come every obstacle placed in their way by Satan and evil men. And he further declared, " Without me ye can do noth-ing." Panoplied with that power and bearing such a commission, the Chris-tianity of apostolic days went forth to win out of the darkest haunts of hea-thenism most precious jewels for the kingdom of God. They won them, and that, too, in spite of buffetings, stonings, whippings, imprisonments, exilings, cru-cifixions, and persecutions of every kind. In spite of the most bitter and bloody persecutions of such emperors as Nero, Decius, and Galerius, the cause of Christ won its way into all parts of the world. Persecutions winnowed the chaff from the wheat. Such men and women as joined the church of Christ in those days joined it from force of strong convic-tion, and could be depended upon to stand for its principles in spite of cruel emperors, personal foes, or false breth-ren. To such a company belonged Stephen and Paul, John and the con-verted Peter, and those who, following their example, witnessed to their faith with their lives. Constantine's Conversion Explained When Constantine came to the throne of the Roman empire, he found it leav-ened with the leaven of Christianity. He found a strong and substantial por-tion of his subjects professing faith in Christ. He knew also that this class of people existed in his dominions in spite of all that his predecessors had been able to do in attempting to crush them. He was too good a politician not to profit by the lessons of the past and the existing conditions. He professed Christianity himself, and issued a decree granting liberty of worship to all his subjects. Thus, while winning the active approval and support of the Christians, he would not lose the support of his heathen sub-jects. Imperial Preferment and Apostasy This elevation to imperial favor paved the way for the greatest mistake the church ever made. That mistake was coveting and accepting temporal power at the expense of the only power Christ ever promised to his church. It came about in this way. Bishops, forgetting in what their true glory consisted, al-lowed their eyes to be dazzled, and their heads to be turned, by the glamor of im-perial preferment. They flattered Con-stantine and set him forth almost as a god. That pleased him, and he gave them what they desired. Then there arose questions among themselves ; and they appealed to Constantine to judge their cause. He seemed glad of the op-portunity, and undertook it without de-mur. Soon he was appointing bishops, deciding between rival bishops as to which should have certain bishoprics, and calling together councils of bishops, over which he himself presided, to de-termine questions of polity, doctrine, and discipline. Constantine's predecessors had held the office of Pontifex Maximus, that is, high priest of the heathen religions. 