LIBERTY 45 News and Notes IN rendering a decision against Mr. Birn-burg, a Jew of St. Paul, Minn., for selling groceries on Sunday, Judge Hanfl said that the state " did not legislate for the mi-nority." FOR driving about half a dozen nails to hold in a window in a shed, Sunday, August 1, Mr. M. J. Mulholland, of Mount Rain-ier, Md., an observer of the seventh day, was fined five dollars and costs. VARIOUS speakers at the International Congress on Sunday Rest, held September 25 and 26, at the Jamestown Exposition, as-serted that the Sunday institution, sup-ported and enforced by law, is " the charter of our liberties." MARQUIS P. KNOWLTON, chief justice of the Supreme Court of Massachusetts, de-livered an address recently before the In-ternational Congress of Religious Liberals, in Boston, on the subject of " The Separa-tion of Church and State." AT the recent Christian Endeavor Con-vention, held at Seattle, Wash., Dr. Matthews, Presbyterian, said: " Our Sab-bath desecration is making of this an im-moral and criminal nation, and unless we stop, repent, and properly observe God's day, we shall have to suffer an awful na-tional judgment." THE Canadian National Sunday League speaks of the recently passed Canadian Lord's Day Act as " the tyrannical Sunday laws recently enacted at Ottawa," and says: " The religion which requires police, fines, and imprisonment to support it, that causes strife, hatred, and malice, is not the Chris-tian religion." ALTHOUGH opposing the seating of Sen-ator Reed Smoot in the United States Senate, because he is a Mormon, the Inter-national Reform Bureau, of Washington, D. C., through one of its representatives, has joined with and sought the help of the Mormons in securing the enforcement of the recently passed Sunday law of Idaho. WHY the recently passed Canadian Sun-day law contains no exemption for those who conscientiously observe as the Sab-bath the day specified in the law of God, may be gathered from the following resolu-tion, which was passed and ordered sent by telegram to Ottawa shortly before the law was enacted : " The London Conference of the Methodist Church in Canada, consisting of five hundred electors. representing iwn  hundred thousand Methodists, most emphat-ically protests against any Jewish or Sev-enth-day Adventist exemptions from the restrictive clauses of the Lord's day bill." THE superintendent of the International Reform Bureau, of Washington, D. C., Mr. W. F. Crafts, has recently completed a tour around the world in the interests of certain " moral reforms " through legislation. He feels confident that in a few years these re-forms will bring about a state of things in which there will be no more war. All ques-tions will be settled by arbitration, and in-stead of war there will be peace. NOT long ago an officer, in company with a magistrate, in Tennessee, arrested an ob-server of the seventh day on Sunday for doing a little Sunday work, and they together tried and convicted him on Sunday in the public highway. When informed later that what they had done was a violation of the very law they sought to enforce, and that they had thereby laid themselves liable to prosecution, they decided to drop the case. Strange to relate, the prosecutor had him-self transacted business with this man on Sunday only a short time before. SPEAKING in defense of the Pennsylvania Sunday law, the Potter County Journal, of Coudersport, Pa., says: " Many people make the mistake of considering the observance of Sunday a religious question, to be de-cided by each individual conscience." No greater mistake can be made than to con-sider " the observance of Sunday " anything else than " a religious question, to be de-cided by each individual conscience; " for that is what it is, and that only, when re-duced to its final analysis. Any other view will inevitably lead to religious persecution. THAT the chief promoters of Sunday laws and their enforcement are church leaders is everywhere apparent. Thus, a Methodist minister in Vermont, as reported in the Boston Globe, of June 23, says: " I con-sulted Town Grand Juror Frank Williams to ascertain whose duty it was to see that the laws were enforced. He told me it was his duty ; but that the constable should see to the enforcement of Sunday laws. I then wrote to Constable Fletcher, requesting him to serve notice on all offenders against the Sunday laws of the State, in the town of Brandon." And because the constable did not enforce the law, he says, " I called for his resignation, . . . and promised to institute either criminal or civil proceeding against him if he would not send in his res ignatinv 