What Prominent Men Have Said on the Rights of the Minority Theodore Roosevelt, ex-president of the United States: " Discrimination against the holder of one faith means retaliatory discrim-ination against men of other faiths. The in-evitable result of entering upon such a practise would be an abandonment of our real freedom of conscience and a reversion to the dreadful  dependent on the will of a majority, we shall fail at the cost of humiliation and ignominy to ourselves."ÑCongressional Record, Aug. 7, 1911, pages 3689, 3690. Senator Borah of Idaho: " What is the basic principle of democratic or republican THEODORE ROOSEVELT  SENATOR BORAH  SENATOR ROOT conditions of religious dissensions which in so many lands have proved fatal to true liberty, to true religion, and to all advance in civili-zation. " To discriminate against a thoroughly up-right citizen because he belongs to some partic-ular church, or because, like Abraham Lin-coln, he has not avowed his allegiance to any church, is an outrage against the liberty of conscience, which is one of the foundations of American life."Ñ Roosevelt's letter on relig-ious liberty. Senator Root of New York: " Would any senator say that no court can enforce the pro-visions of our Constitution in favor of relig-ious liberty? New sects are continually ari-sing in our country, and the votaries of the religious views of those sects are at the begin-ning small and insignificant minorities. Ques-tions regarding their rights as religious bodies, -questions regarding their rights to freedom of worship and of expression, are protected by the provisions of our constitutions, and against the wish, against the prejudice, against the passion, of the vast majority of the people; the courts, and the courts alone, can maintain the rights of the few to pursue the dictates of their own consciences rather than the will of the majority. . . . There is such a thing as justice, and though the greatest and most ar-rogant majority unite to override it, God stands behind it; the eternal laws that rule the world maintain it; and if we attempt to make the administration and award of justice  government? We sometimes urge that the first principle is that the majority shall rule. That is true in making laws and determining policies; but it has no place in and will des-troy republican government if applied to the courts, or to controversies to be determined under the law. There all men are equal. Back of the rule of the majority is the great principle of equality, the basic, bed-rock prin-ciple of free government. The difference be-tween the old democracies or republics, which perished, and ours is that the ancient republics could devise no way by which to shield the rights of the minority. Though the majority must rule, yet a government which has no method for protecting the rights of the minor-ityÑ for it has rights Ñ is a despotic govern-ment. I do not care whether you call it a monarchy, an aristocracy, or a republic. A government which will not protect me in my rights, though I stand alone and against all my neighbors, is a despotic government"ÑCongressional Record, Aug. 7, 1911, page 3687. John Stuart Mill: " If all mankind, minus one, were of one opinion, and only one per-son were of the contrary opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind on religious questions and obligations."Ñ Essay on Liberty. Goldsmith: "As ten millions of circles can never make one square, so the united voice of myriads cannot lend the smallest foundation to falsehood."Ñ"Gems of Great Authors," page 220. 185 