40 LIBERTY of his family or the payment of his bills? If not, who will? A farmer may conclude in time of har-vest that it is necessary, in order to save his crops, to work in the field on _Sunday. Can the farmer decide this, or must the presbytery meddle with his business and tell him what is necessary and what is not? The illness of a wife may make necessary some work of the husband, such as hiring help or some other secular act, on some fine Sunday. Who will determine about this? Shall the judge on the bench invade the privacy of the home, diagnose the illness, and deter-mine whether the situation was suffi-ciently grave to warrant the act, or shall the husband decide such matters? In good old colonial days, it was a violation of law for a husband to kiss his wife on Sunday. Are we drifting back to those days? It is sometimes claimed that the work on Sunday is unnecessary because it an-noys the worshipers. But honest labor is no annoyance to worship. Revival meetings are run every day in the week ; the hum of business is heard on every hand,Š the din of boiler factories, the crushing and grinding in vast iron mills, the rattle of trains, and the scream of steamboats ; and these are no annoyance. The funerals of our loved ones are held in homes and in churches, and we do not hear that any one is annoyed because of unnecessary work. Why is this same work an annoyance on Sunday, and con-sidered unnecessary? It is quite apparent that it is because of religious dogmas that the work is deemed unnecessary. And once we begin to crystallize religious dogmas into stat-utes, we shall see the ghost of religious tyranny that stalked abroad in the Dark Ages, arise from the dust of the past and thrust its hideous mien upon us. We are, I fear, drifting in that direction. Or, considering how many statutes we have forbidding this, that, and the other thing on Sunday, would I not better say that we have already drifted far in that direc-tion ? The Outlook for Religious Liberty BY W. E. GERALD IN 1776 our forefathers declared their belief that our Creator had endowed all men with certain inalienable rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. To secure these blessings to themselves and their posterity, they framed the Constitution of the United States, in 1789, as the great bill of their rights. In it careful pro-vision was made that both civil and re-ligious liberty should be guaranteed to all people in this fair land. No city or State is supposed to have any laws that contravene the principles and provisions of the Federal Constitu-tion. But what is the prospect today ? Are those rights as secure to us as they were when our forefathers made this dec-laration and established the Constitution? I am afraid not. Self-indulgence has been undermining the people's power to govern themselves individually. The remedy sought Š of multiplying laws with their penalties Š does not stem the tide of evil, but only diverts it into an-other channel. The strife between capital and labor, fed by the fires of greed for money, has become so tense that the Government has had to step in between and establish by law the number of hours of work. The unscrupulous greed of speculators has forced the Government to fix the prices of food, and it may yet have to take over some of the industries of the nation, as it already has the railroads. The great war in Europe, which in April of last year drew this nation into its vor-tex, is driving the Government still far-ther along the road to paternalism. Un-der the stress of it, England, and to some extent our own Government, is now pre-scribing to her people what and how and when they shall eat. The more desperate the need to preserve the Government, the faster is initiative and individual freedom of action disappearing. (Continued on page 57) 