EDITORIAL  519 has turned elsewhere for assistance in the matter. A special dispatch from Washington to the Boston Transcript, under date of June 20, stated that "the matter has been brought to the attention of the President, and petitions from all parts of the country are now coming in, urging that the Government insist upon a contract that can be enforced." It will be interesting to watch further developments in this matter. In the meantime the reflection is in place that Sunday-enforcement "reform" requires a vast deal of effort for precious little re- form. And even when successful in at-taining its end it has accomplished noth-ing that is worth a moment's effort. The Commission from a Papal Viewpoint The real attitude of the Papacy, both in the United States and elsewhere, with regard to the purpose of the American Government to carry into effect the prin-ciple of separation of church and state in the Philippines, is probably closely akin to that shown by the Catholic Standard and Times (Philadelphia), Archbishop Ryan's organ, who, by the way, was re-cently appointed to an important office by the Administration. In its issue of June 21 this paper published an editorial headed "A Mission Not of Amity but of Impudence," in which among other choice things were the following state-ments : In view of the terms of the "instructions" given to Mr. Taft by the Secretary for War, and in view of the avowed object of this ex-traordinary embassy, it is difficult to see how the Roman ecclesiastical authorities can regard with equanimity the proposal to discuss the matter at issue, save in the sense of resisting an audacious interference on the part of the American Secretary for War with the high spiritual authority of the Pope. Not since the days of the First Consul has such boorishness ,been displayed toward the Holy See. It is made as plain as daylight now that under cover of a pretended severance of church and state an assault is being made on the faith of six millions and a half of Catho-lics, in favor of a Protestant propaganda, al-most undisguised in its unblushing effrontery. To "separate church and state" by turning the resident Catholic clergy out and leaving the people to the seductions of a horde of "souper" proselytizers, to rob them simultaneously of their religion, their language and their right to their own soilÑthis is the naked purpose, hardly disavowed by the master-minds who have undertaken the exploitation of the Philip-pines. It is declared that it is now made plain that the real.  desideratum is the expulsion of the friars, and "not so much the wresting from them of their landed property." With regard to Secretary Root's statement ,that the friars "are no longer capable of serving any useful pur-pose for the Church," it is declared that "this declaration is unique in the annals of civil diplomacy," and "its impudence is simply immeasurable." Mr. Root's statement thlt one of the controlling principles of the American Government is the complete separation of church. and state, and that this principle is imperative wherever American jurisdiction extends, is declared to be "false, absolutely and unqualifiedly false." And then an argu-ment that the Papacy may be relied upon to produce on every such occasion, and one that will probably be heard more in the future than in the past, is present-ed. It is declared that a certain Presby-terian clergyman "is given large sums of money by the Government for 'missions' in Alaska" ; that there is state religion in the realm of the Sultan of Sulu, where American jurisdiction extends; and that, "moreover, the American Government pays army and navy chaplains for church services, and pays money in a variety of ways for other purposes connected with religion." This argument might have been car- 