zgemooeil 0? OffialISTMIV 41,110 ERTY Vol... XVII I NEW YORK, THURSDAY, APRIL 2, 1903 No. 14    4 The Massachusetts Hearing The Religious Character of Sunday Legislation and the Religious Purpose of Its Supporters Plainly Exhibited Through the Instrumentality of a Non-Religious Bill E ARLY in February a bill entitled " An Act to Provide for a Civil Sab-bath " was introduced in the lower house of the Massachusetts legislature at the request of Mr. Geo. B. Wheeler, of South Lancaster, who, as the representative es-pecially of the Seventh-day Adventists, is opposing the Sunday-enforcement propaganda in New England. This bill, which was known as " House No. 689," provided that the term " Lord's day " should be stricken from the State Sunday law, and that the words, " the first day of the week," should be substituted in its stead ; that the Sunday or " Lord's day " law should be so amended as to prohibit on the first day of the week " only such labor and amusements as are an actual disturbance to public and private wor-ship "; that all employers should give their employees a release from labor either upon the first or one other day of each week; and that all portions of the present Sunday law inconsistent with these pro-visions should be thereby repealed. This bill was submitted to the legisla-ture not with the expectation that it would be passed, but for the purpose of exhibit-ing the fact that the " Lord's day " statute is not a " civil sabbath " law, and of causing the champions of Sunday legis- lation to show plainly their hand and ex-hibit the fact that it is a religious Sab-bath and not merely a civil rest day in the interest of which they are using and demanding the power of the State. In writing us regarding the matter Mr. Wheeler said : My purpose in having this bill introduced was to draw a clear, distinct line between a civil and a religious sabbath, by providing for all that could he justly claimed from the standpoint of a civil sabbath and eliminating all religious features. Thus, in opposing the bill, the Sunday-law advocates are obliged to take their stand squarely upon their only legit-imate and true groundŠthe religious ground Šand to admit that their contention for a " civil sabbath " is only a blind for their real object. And the bill did not fail of its purpose in this respect. Although it was endorsed by a number of prominent citizens, includ-ing several prominent Baptist clergy-men, editors, and educators, all of whom declared that the measure secured every-thing that the State had a right to require, it met with the instant condemnation and opposition of the Sunday-law advocates, who, according to the expectation, ex-hibited very plainly just what it is they are interested in. The organ of the New England Sabbath (Sunday) Protective 