674 rHE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. natural rights.' It is true that it has been reiterated in very recent times and by a man conspicuously learned and able, the philosopher Spencer. And yet," affirms the InclePendent," though buttressed by so eminent a name, it has failed to make any distinct impress on the age, and the revolt against it grows apace." The Independent seems not to recollect that this doctrine of natural rights has all through the century been standing in the Declaration of Inde-pendence, than which there has been no higher political authority for Americans, and is strangely oblivious to the fact that the Declaration of Inde-pendence has during this whole century most pro-foundly affected the political ideals and ambitions of men throughout the civilized world. No Such Thing as a Real Right. "The fundamental principle in social conduct, according to Spencer," continues, the Independent, "is this: Every man has the right to do that which he wills, provided he infringes not the equal freedom of any other man.' So stated," says the Independent, " it meets with well nigh universal approval. But," it says, "the moment it is sought to determine what constitutes infringement, there arises a world of in-terpretations so diverse and numerous that if order is to be maintained on the planet, organized society, the state, must step in and compromise. As for particular 'rights,' to be fundamental, to be real rights, they must be of universal applicability." Then the Independent inquires, "Can any one point to a postulate of a right' which for any consider-able time, by any considerable number of men, has been held to be absolute, unqualified by time, place or circumstance?" The conclusion is that there is no such thing as a " real right." " What one man declares to be a 'right'," it says, "another declares a wrong; that which one generation holds to be nat-ural and inalienable, the next generation considers unnatural and promptly alienates." " No society finds it possible to acknowledge an inalienable right' to life. * * * In every part of the world society finds it neceesary to determine the conditions under which its members shall live, not on the basis *of universal moral law, but on that of social justice, which is but another name for social expediency. Rights' thus resolve themselves into postulates born of particular times, places, and conditions." Such is the Independent's conclusion, which amounts to saying that there is no such thing as a natural  right; that is, a right which a person has by virtue of his creation. The doctrine of government by consent of the governed, the Independent finds, very naturally, to be equally far from being a " self-,evident truth." "Ex-amined judicially," it declares, this principle " is seen to be impossible, since it violates the fundamental assumption of every stateŠthe assumption of power to determine what is best for the continuance of its own life. Examined historically, it is seen that no people has ever acknowledged it in practise." The Independent does not believe that " the fathers who promulgated it" could have "entirely meant it." If they had been of " an exacter turn of mind," they would have specified many exceptions to the rule, as in the case of females, minors, slaves, inhabitants of the territory not yet admitted into the union of states, etc. A New Basis of Government. From all this the independent arrives at the con-clusion before stated, which it puts as follows: " This absolute generalization regarding consent, disre-garded by its formulators, and practically disavowed by every state that has ever existed, is likely to gasp out its last breath in the pending campaign. The progressive democratic philosophy of to-day is building the coming state in the light of consider-ations of social ends. It postulates nothing, it an-alyzes and decomposes old principles and theories, it concerns itself not with 'rights' but with duties, with social adaptations, with an ideal of the greatest good to the greatest number,' as that greatest good may be determined by experiences of fact." This sweeps aside at once the whole system of American republican government set up a century ago upon the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution, and which has continued unquestioned by Americans down to the time of the capture of Manila. No more natural rights, no more consent of the governed, neither in the Philippines nor in America, but only the principle of " the greatest good to the greatest number," to be operated according to the dictates of expediency,Š such is the basisŁ to which American free government is being rapidly shifted before our eyes. Ł How will this affect the American people? This is simply to ask how it will affect an individual to deny that he has any natural rights, that his consent is necessary to his government, and to hold every interest that he may have subject to what men may 