EDITORIAL I 19 it, and ask themselves if it has come to this, that the political successors of Abra-ham Lincoln, who are ruling the nation to-day, are to take the stand, if they have not indeed already taken it " in the pri-vacy " of their " own intelligence," that Lincoln was wrong and Douglas was right on the negro questionŠthat after all it is true as declared by Douglas in 1858, and as has " been perceived earlier and more clearly in the South than in the North," thatŁ" the Almighty did not make the negro capable of self-govern-ment." And let those who read this ask themselves what this means for the nation. The " momentous fact " with which the people of the United States should now concern themselves is not that which is presented by the question, '" Why has negro suffrage failed? " but that which is presented by the question, " Why is government by white men on republican principles becoming a failure in the United' States to-day? " Why are those who should be the upholders and defenders of republican and democratic principles fast becoming the champions of oligarchical doctrines ? In an address at Cooper Union in this icity on a recent Sunday evening, Pro-fessor. Nathaniel Schmidt, of Cornell University, declared the obvious truth -that instead of being a guarantee of peace -great armaments are a constant tempta-tion to war. He said he had been told by 'persons in Europe who were in a posi-tion to know that the greatest menace -of the peace of Europe to-day are the great war forces maintained by the nations, each nation being constantly tempted to assert its strength and to use the methods of war instead of those of peace. This is something to remember in connection with the growing tendency in this country for more and more in-crease of the fighting force. The other  day the Committee on Naval Affairs of the loweiŁ house of. Congress " voted in favor of a larger addition to the navy," deciding upon " three more battleships, one first-class cruiser, two steel training ships and one wooden one." It also " ac-cepted the proposal to double the num-ber of cadets at Annapolis, and to add sixty-five officers and Boo men to the Marine Corps." This caused the New York Evening Post to say : In our estimation, every ship Congress now adds to our navy is a menace to our peace and a step backward from the enlightened and Christian position which this unarmed nation occupied for a century. Professor Schmidt looked forward to a time when the great military and naval establishments would disappear, and be looked back to as moats and walls around cities are looked back to to-day. But he confessed that it did not look much " to-day " as if that time was coming, but he hoped that it would look more like it " to-morrow." The question of Sunday legislation is not a dead one. The items in this num-ber of THE SENTINEL show that the question is up, or has been up very re-cently, in the legislatures of New York, Pennsylvania, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Łand North Dakota. And the question is up in the legislatures of other States that are not mentioned in this issue. There is always more going on with regard to this question than can be recorded in THE SENTINEL each week. Ł In the extract given elsewhere the New York Sun only asks some questions ; but those questions are big with meaning, and plainly indicate and prepare the way for the next thing to which " honest philosophy " is coming. 41* In a short time the articles on "The Supremacy of the Papacy" will be re-sumed with a study of the present aims of the Papacy. 