652 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY is not immoral, unbelief in both can be no crime. If each of two actions are admitted to be innocent there can be nothing wrong in doing them both. The association of two innocent actions cannot be an offense against morality any more than the association of two virtues would constitute a crime. For what other reason are the Sat-urday sabbatteans allowed. to do their work on Sunday than that already mentioned, viz.: because they consci-entiously disbelieve that day to be a sabbath by divine appointment, and do believe the seventh day of the week to be " the sabbath of the Lord," and that conscientious disbelief of the one and conscientious belief of the other day as a sabbath entitles them (and so says the second enacting clause of the law in question) to the right to be ex-ompted fromŠfrom what? The al-leged moral obligation to keep Sunday as a sabbath day ? No ; but from the statutory coercion to keep that day as a sabbath in violation of their natural and equal rights of conscience, and from any obligation to conform to re-ligious tenets which they neither pro-fess nor believe to be true. This is the reason why they have the right to be, and are` partially, exempted from the statutory constraint to keep Sun-day as a sabbath day; this is the rea-son why the second enacting clause of the law conceded that right and pro-vided for its partial exercise and en-joyment; and this is the reason why every other individual in the com-munity who consistently esteems no one day above another, but " esteem-eth all days alike " the Lord's, and as conscientiously disbelieves in' the divine appointment of any particular day of the week as a religious sabbath, ought also to be exempted from the legal coercion to keep the first or sev-enth day as such, or to conform to  any other sectarian religious creeds in which they cannot in conscience acqui- esce; and this is the reason the con-stitution of this State [New York] has guaranteed to " all mankind within this State " the equal right with the first and seventh-day sabbatteans to " the free exercise and enjoyment o? their religious profession and opinion, without any [of that] discrimination and preference " which is made and given by the law of which we are speak-ingŁ to the sectarian religious creed of the first and seventh-day sabbat-teans, to the disparagement of every other. And because this legislative ac' enjoins conformity to the religious sec-tarian tenets of one portion of the com-munity, 'partially tolerates another, and interdicts to all the rest of man-kind within the State the equal right to the exercise and enjoyment of* their opinions on the subject of religious sabbath days, it thereby establishes by law a religious creed. And because by fines and forfeitures, pains and pen-alties, it persecutes those who cannot in conscience embrace the established or legal faith, or subscribe to the legis-lative arrogated right to regulate the religious creeds or consciences of men, it is an act of " spiritual oppression and intolerance." It contravenes those " benevolent principles of rational liberty " which recognize the equal rights of all mankind, and neither ac-cords with the laws of moral rectitude or comports with the rules of politi-cal and impartial justice. I have said that the law on which we are treating partially tolerates the seventh-day sabbatteans. I will show that it does no more. It lacks that es-sential quality of rational liberty, reci-procity, and is unjust and oppressive, even as it respects the last-mentioned sect. It obliges those to respect the first-day sabbath more than the first- Ł Ł 