718 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY A "campaign for the enforcement of the Sunday-closing law" was recently inaugurated "by the churches of Sno-homish County," Wash., at a conven-tion which was held in Everett at the call of "a committee of the ministerial association." At this convention "a general discussion of the Sunday law, with special reference to its applica-tion in Snohomish County, took place." At Madison, Wis., on October 25 "a force of about thirty carpenters worked on the new grand stand in order to finish it in time for the Chicago game." "This called out a protest from a num-ber of religious people, and Dr. Up-dike, pastor of the Congregational church, called on the police to stop it. He was told that there was no law which would warrant them in acting." The church people of Englewood, Ill., who had "hoped to stop Sunday theatrical performances under an ordi-nance passed by the town of Lake, have been disappointed by a legal opinion by Corporation Counsel Tollman, which states that the town of Lake ordinance prohibiting Sunday theatricals lost its legality when the town became a part of Chicago and its ordinances were superseded by the city code." "The Sunday laws in regard to the running of freight trains" were en-forced upon the Barnum & Bailey show in Alabama recently. The show was at Birmingham on October 24 and was to be in Atlanta, Ga., on the 26th, but as the circus trains "could not be loaded and gotten across the Georgia line be-fore midnight" on the 24th, and were not allowed to run on Sunday, the show was a day late with its advertised ap-pearance in Atlanta. Ł On complaint of an agent of the retail clerks' association four grocers, Ed-ward Partington, Henry Jonson, George Duchesne and Peter Primeau, were arraigned in the police court in St. Paul, Minn., on October 27 "on the charge of keeping their places of busi-ness open on Sunday." They pleaded  not guilty, and the cases were con-tinued. The next day Mrs. Theresa Schandler, a confectioner, was ar-raigned on the same charge, and her case was continued until the time of the other trials. A "Lord's Day" Alliance meeting for the Northwest Territories of Canada was held at Regina on October 27. Two days later one for Manitoba was held at Winnipeg. Both were attended and addressed by Rev. J. G. Shearer, the general secretary of the Canadian Alli-ance. His topic at the latter meeting, which was one of "special interest," was: "Our Canadian Sabbath; What We Have We'll Hold." Other speak-ers at this meeting were "Attorney General Colin H. Campbell, the suf-fragan bishop, Dean Matheson, and Father Drummond." "The question of Sunday street-cars in Winnipeg was considered'." It was reported from Appleton, Wis., on October 24 that "spokesmen of the clergy and other persons interested in the movement to close the Appleton theatre on Sunday have served Ł their ultimatum on Manager Conway, de-claring that they propose to arrest a number of people in the audience, all the employees of the house, and all the principals of the company, in the hope of deterring people from going to the theatre for fear of arrest, and causing companies to cancel their engagements rather than be detained here for trial." The theatre management was not dis-posed to yield to this ultimatum. "The first arrest and conviction for violation of the Sunday shooting law in some years" was reported from East Hartford, Conn., on October 27. On the previous day "George and Michael Damroth, of Burnside, were before the town court charged with violating the law by hunting on Sunday. Both were found guilty and fined $10 and costs each. In the case of George Damroth, the court ordered him to pay the sheriff's fee of $20 allowed by the State for an arrest and conviction, so his fine and costs amounted $36.85." The young men were arrested by a constable and 