484 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Gotti, er Vannutelli, or Oreglia, or Rampolla, or Vives y Tuto. It is an ominous and unmistakable fact that notwithstanding its constitutional aloofness from all ecclesiastical affairs, the American government to-day is not holding aloof from ecclesiastical affairs; it is actually being .drawn into and involved in the affairs of a great and most dan-gerous ecclesiastical power, the very power with which its founders expressly and explicitly designed that it should have no connection or dealings whatever, but should avoid every step leading in that direction. The campaign for relig-ious freedom and utter separation of church and state in Virginia, out of which came the amendment to the national Constitution requiring the government to hold aloof from all ecclesiastical affairs, was based for one thing upon the propo-sition that any union of church and state, religion and government, " would lead us back to the Church of Rome." O The Spirit of Intol-  The ministers and erance at Work church people in Arizona Phoenix, Ariz., are circulating the following petition to the city council: We, the undersigned citizens and taxpayers of the city of Phoenix, hereby respectfully petition your honorable body and request that you cause to be enacted and enforced city ordinances requiring all saloons, hotel bars, wine rooms, gambling houses, billiard par-lors, pool rooms, bowling alleys, shooting galleries, theaters, photograph galleries, cigar stores and stands, drug stores (except for the filling of prescriptions), mercantile establish-ment of all lines, confectionery stores, ice cream parlors, soda fountains, bakeries, meat markets, tailor shops, shoe shops, barber shops, bicycle stores and shops, laundries, foundries, blacksmith shops, carpenter shops, paint shops, and all other places of business and labor not necessary to be kept open on Sunday, within the city of Phoenix, to be closed at the hour of 12 o'clock midnight on every Saturday night, and to remain closed until the hour of 12 o'clock Sunday night. Friends of religious liberty in the place have prepared and are distributing a four-page circular, headed, " Do We Need Sunday Laws," in opposition to the movement, which professes to be one in the interests of " temperance." Its real object and spirit is shown by this inci-dent which we find related in the cir-cular mentioned : A few days ago this conversation took place in Phoenix between a petition circulator and a good citizen: Mr. Blank, I have here a petition for a Sunday-closing ordinance, which everybody is signing, and I've come to get your name on it also." "But I'm not in favor of such an ordi-nance." " Why, Mr. Blank, I thought you were a Sunday keeper!" " So I am; but this ordinance interferes with the rights of others who don't believe as we do. There are Seventh-day Adventists here. This law would be hard on them." " Well, the Seventh-day Adventists are just the kind of people we arc after!" A sanitarium, printing plant and black-smith shop are operated by Adventists in the place, who are growing in numbers, having recently erected " a modest church edifice of brick." A friend writes us that the petition for the Sunday law has , been signed by some of the merchants "simply through fear of losing the church trade if they refused," and that some who have signed it have gone privately to members of the city council and asked them to refuse to pass such an ordinance. In this connection it will be appropriate to note the fact, which it seems that we have been unable to do heretofore, that the legislature of Arizona came near pass-ing a Sunday law against barbering last winter. An appeal and protest making plain the evil nature of the measure was prepared by Mr. E. W. Webster, then president of the Arizona Conference of Seventh-day Adventists, and submitted in the name of the people of that body to the legislature. Notwithstanding the 