7The eofoell @h 01177ffilET11,13E INLET 717 Vol.. XVIII NEW YORK, THURSDAY, JANUARY 15, 1903 No. 3     Theology is hardly the proper basis for civil legislation. A thing that is very good as theology may be very bad as legislation. All the Sunday legislation that exists to-day rests upon a theological, that is, a religious, basis. The right to do a thing does not neces-sarily carry with it the right to compel other people to do it. Ł The real object of all Sunday legisla-tion, even that for the closing of saloons, is the exaltation of a religious institution. Ł What one man has absolutely no right to do, no body of men, however large or however organized, have the right to do. Ł Fundamental principles are no respec-ters of persons; there are none so good nor so powerful as to be exempt from the obligation to heed them. That legislation which has its basis in theology is not civil legislation, even though it be enacted by a civil legislative body, be recorded in a civil statute book, and be enforced by civil officials. Respect for the rights of others is the first duty of citizenship, and "perfect tol-eration upon theological matters is one of  the first principles of sociology." This is something that needs to be remembered by many of the "Christian sociologists" and religious promoters of "good citizen-ship" in these days, for many of them seem to have forgotten it. Ł He who demands that he and others shall be compelled to do what he claims the right to do, simply demands that he and they shall be deprived of the right in question. An act done under compulsion is not the exercise of a right. Ł When it is said that "Sabbatarian legis-lation cannot he defended upon theological grounds," it is said that, it cannot be de-fended at all, for Sabbatarian legislation can have no other than theological, that is, religious, grounds as its basis. A W. C. T. U. superintendent of "Sab-bath observance" speaks of a State Sun-clay law as "the law relative to Sabbath-breaking." It is very certain that such a law has absolutely no relation to Sabbath-keeping in the way of promoting it. The Sabbath, to be kept at all, must be kept holy, and as no human law can command or produce holiness, no such law can pro-mote or produce Sabbath observance. "Sponging" upon the Government is neither good patriotism nor true national reform, and yet that is exactly what the "Reform Bureau" at Washington, which 