EDITORIAL  107 servance, and we will repeat them here : "The State has no right to legislate in favor of making Sunday a holy day of religion. It can take no cognizance of any alleged desecration of the day. That is an argument that has no place in sec-ular legislation." This is sound Ameri-can, Christian doctrine, and it is a mat-ter of ill omen that it is a doctrine for which the great religious bodies of this country seem to have not the slightest respect. Vice, Not Virtue, Aided "In any community, no matter how far it may be from being a cosmopolitan city," says the Providence (R. I.) Journal, "the moment the law against Sunday liquor selling is completely en-forced the question must arise whether it is not better to legalize such selling in some form and to some extent." This is undoubtedly true to the facts, and it very forcibly suggests such quesitons as these : Why should there be Sunday enforce-ment with reference to useful industries and occupations when it is not tolerated with reference to such an evil as the sa-loon? Is the right to sell and purchase liquor more sacred than the right to labor? Is it more beneficial to society that men should be intoxicated and should spend for drink the money needed to provide the necessaries of life for them-selves and those dependent upon them, than that with unclouded brain and hon-est purpose they should devote them-selves to useful industry that they and their families may be a blessing and not a burden to society? Why should the virtues of men be treated as crimes if their vices are not to be repressed ? The failure of the Sunday law to stop the sale of liquor on Sunday leaves such legislation without excuse. If it accom-plished the closing of saloons one day in the week there would be something to its credit, but as it does not accomplish this there is absolutely nothing left to counterbalance its evils. The very fact that the saloons cannot be effectively closed on Sunday argues most forcibly against Sunday legislation. Both from the standpoint of good gov-ernment and of good morals, there should be no enforced idleness, no pro-hibition of useful industry on Sunday. The honest occupations of men, instead of being repressed, should be encour-aged; instead of being treated as crimes, they should be commended as virtues. The saloon should not have the whole field to itself ; it should be made to suffer the competition of every honest and up-right industry in which men are wont to engage. If vice must not be restrained, why should industry be shackled hand and foot? Every dictate of common sense de-clares that the practical effect of Sunday legislation is just the opposite of what it is declared to be by many ministers and a few statesmen. It does not subserve the interests of good government or con-duce to the welfare of society. It com-pels men to be idle, and in the cities en-forced idleness with many men is noth-ing more nor less than enforced drunk-enness. If the saloons are open they will be thronged by the idle; if they are closed their opening will be demanded, and, whether according to law or in vio-lation of law, men who desire to spend their unoccupied time in saloons will se-cure entrance to them. The fact that the idle Sunday is a day of drunkenness and crime beyond any 