352 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY sion of this land and the other property which they hold it is not necessary to discuss here. It is sufficient to say that when the Filipinos revolted against the Spanish rule it was chiefly for the pur-pose of getting rid of the intolerable bur-dens which the presence of the friars had brought upon them. And when the United States began war upon the Fili-pinos early in 1899 they had well-nigh accomplished the primary object of their revolt. The greater number of the friars had been driven from the islands, and nearly all from the parishes which they had occupied, and their lands had been confiscated by the constitution of the Philippine Republic. But under the Treaty of Paris the United States re-stored the lands to the friars, and they were once more free to return to their former parishes regardless of the wishes of the people. "This," says Mr. J. G.  Schurman, president of the first Philip-pine Commission, "was a bitter pill foi the Filipinos, who had taken up arms and shed their blood primarily with the object of expelling the friars and confis-cating their property. The Treaty of Paris balked them of the dearest object of their rebellion !" It is evident to all that the Filipinos can never be content so long as the friars continue to hold these vast estates, even though they are now without the special powers and privileges which they en-joyed under Spanish rule, and which were such a fruitful source of abuse and oppression. Those who have investigated the.  matter have come to the .c onclusion that the wisest thing to do is for the Government to buy the lands, divide the estates into small holdings, and sell them to individual Filipinos. And this plan the Government evidently intends to carry out. And out of this plan has grown this commission to Rome to ne-gotiate with the Pope with regard to  purchasing the lands and "getting rid of the friars." Why a commission needs to be sent to Rome with regard to this matter no one has yet explained. Its object is de- clared to be purely a business transac-tion. Certainly that is what the disposi- tion of these lands should be, and noth-ing more. But we fail to discover any-thing like business in the sending of this commission to Rome. It is about as ex-traneous to the business in hand as would be an excursion to the. North Pole. The seat of the difficulty is in the Philippines ; there are the lands ; there is the govern-ment of the Philippines, or the represen-tatives of the government which governs the Philippines ; and there are the friars, the religious corporations, the reputed proprietors of the lands. What more is needed for the transacting of business and the carrying out of the plan pro-posed? How is it that the headquarters with regard to this business happens to be in an entirely different part of the worldŠin Rome ? Does the Pope hold the titles to the properties involved? We have seen no intimation of any such fact. But even if he does, it does not, follow that a commission should be sent to him. He should send representatives to where his interests are involved. He has been delegating representatives to Washing-ton, Havana, and Manila in the recent past. How is it that he is suddenly so helpless in this respect? Government does not chase up with a commission the citizen who fails to appear at the receipt of custom with his taxes ; it simply puts his property up at public auction and leaves him to look after his own inter-ests at his convenience. Why should any different practise be adopted with regard to these lands in the Philippines where public necessity requires a transfer of ownership ? Has the Government not done enough in restoring these proper- 