HISTORY THAT IS TO BE AND IS BEING REPEATED ROME, in its different phases, occupies the largest place of any national name in history." And AS .A REPUBLIC Rome occupies a place and has an im-portance in history beyond that of any other republic ancient or modern. From a republic Rome passed into an empire; from a government which "in forM was in strictness that of a moderate democracy," in which "the senate and the offices of state were in law open to all," and in which "the will of the people in the comitia was supreme alike in the election of magistrates, in the passing of laws, and in all matters touching the `capur of a Roman citizen,"* Rome was trans-formed into "an imperial tyranny supported by a military despotism," in which all the powers of the state were centered in one man whose will thus became the law of the entire Roman world. This great change was not wrought by invasion and conquest from without, nor by a great revolutionary upheaval within. "The causes, both internal and ex-ternal, which brought about its [the republican constitutional government's] fall HAD BEEN SILENTLY AT WORK THROUGHOUT." "Before the Republic fell, Roman society was already in structure, temper, and mind thoroughly unrc-publican." Though it is a most important part of the history, there is not space here to dwell upon the increase of wealth and the spread of luxury, upon the depravity and corruption of manners that ensued, and all the things by which the native self-restraint of the individual Roman was destroyed and he zcas robbed of that faculty which had been the peculiar honor and glory of the early citizens of the Republic. It is rather to the effect of this decay of individual integrity upon the political structure of the RomansÑupon the RepublicÑthat brief mention is to be made here. The constitution of the Roman Republic (this constitution was not written, but was a system of rules and precedents established by long usage) rested, as the con-stitution of every real republic must rest, upon the assumption that the great body of the citizens would AS INDIVIDUALS GOVERN THEMSELVES, and each respect and guard the rights of others with the same jealousy as he did his own. The great body of the Romans gradually ceased to govern themselves and to re-spect the rights of others. They came to care only for their own selfish selves, for the gratification of their own selfish desiresÑand of course the constitution failed and the Republic fell. Failing to govern themselves, the Romans had to be governed; and since the constitution and the Republic were consistent only with, and could endure only by virtue of the fact of, their GOVERNING THEM-SELVES, this power that was to GOVERN THEM and maintain some sort of order had to set aside the constitution and at last to completely overthrow the Republic. Though they probably little realized it, the first great wrench which the Romans gave their constitution was the EXTENSION OF DOMINION OVER ALIEN PEOPLES WHOM THEY REFUSED TO ADMIT AS CITIZENS OF THE REPUBLIC. They probably believed, and perhaps with some reason, that these people could not be given the privileges and rights of citizenship without en-dangering Roman institutions, but they were willing to run the risk of holding them as subjects. THIS WAS FATAL TO THE REPUBLIC, not only because IT WAS IN VIOLATION OF THE VERY GENIUS OF REPUBLICANISM, [Continued on page 764 * Nearly all the quotations in this matter are from that portion of the article " Rome " in the "Encyclopedia Britannica" headed, "Period III: The Period of the Revolution (146-49  B. C.)." 