"INSURGENTS" AND "INSURRECTION"  553 be suspected of any evil intentions. There is no design, perhaps not even a desire. But there is a tendency, against which loyal liegemen of the Common-wealth may do well to guard. ¢¥ The American commonwealth had the largest population of freemen in the world, and one which was rapidly grow-ing. Its heritage reached from Arctic regions to regions almost tropical, with a range of production embracing nearly everything neded or desired by man. The world was full of its inventions and manufactures. It was the tutelary power of this continent. It was in the van of political progress. Its influence was felt  more or less in the politics of all nations. If such a state was isolation, it was an isolation the influence of which was as wide as humanity. But a tempter crept to the ear of the Commonwealth and whispered that all this was narrow and mean. The time, the tempter said, had come for an ampler life, for ceasing to listen to the saws of Washington's senile prudence, for doffing the trader, and claiming a seat in the grand council of aristocratic and military nations. The sun of humanity is behind a cloud. The cloud will pass away and the sun will shine forth again. The aged will not live to see it, but the younger men will. "Insurgents" and "Insurrection" [Although the "insurrection" has been quelled and amnesty has been proclaimed for the "insurgents," it is not too late to read the following editorial that appeared in the Detroit News-Tribune a few months ago. The vital facts emphasized are just as important and timely to-day as ever, and it is well to consider them in connection with the words presented elsewhere in this number that have been spoken and written in recent years concerning the vital truths of the Declaration of Independence, for there is a close and intimate connection between the attitude that has been taken with reference to the Declaration and that that has' been taken with reference to the Filipinos. The one is the complement of the other.ÑEDITOR.] THE definitions given by the Stand-ard Dictionary for the words "insurgent" and "insurrection" are re-spectively : One who takes part in active and forcible opposition or resistance to the constituted au-thorities of a place or country. An organized and armed resistance to estab-lished authority or government. The Century Dictionary parallels them in the following language : One who rises in forcible opposition to law-ful authority. Synonym : Traitor. The act of rising against civil authority; specifically, the armed resistance' of a number of persons to the powers of the state. Old Noah Webster, still respected by a large number of Americans, says : One who rises against lawful authority; guil-ty of exciting sedition. Open opposition of members to lawful au-thority. Present interest in these quotations rises from the fact that they have been officially applied and widely accepted as applying to the attitude of Filipinos in arms against the assumed sovereignty of a government founded on the unrestrict-ed declaration that "governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed." There is nothing in the Declaration of Independence or in the recorded debates preceding its promulga-tion to indicate limitations on the appli-cability of the statement. There is no hint 