Continued from second page.] which delights in virtue and sympathizes with suffering wherever they are seen. I call that mind free which is not passively framed by outward cir-cumstances, which is not swept away by the torrent of events, which is not the creature of accidental impulse, but which bends events to its own im-provement, and acts from an inward spring, from immutable principles which it has deliberately espoused. I call that mind free which protects itself against the usurpations of society, which does not cower to human opinion, which feels itself ac-countable to a higher tribunal than man's, which obeys a higher law than fashion, which respects itself too much to be the slave or tool of the many or the few, which guards its empire over itself as nobler than the empire of the world. I call that mind free which, through confidence in God and in the power of virtue, has cast off all fear but that of wrong-doing, which no menace or peril can enthrall, which is calm in the midst of tumults, and possesses itself though all else be lost. I call that mind free which resists the bondage of habit, which does not mechanically repeat itself and copy the past, which does not live on its old virtues, which does not enslave itself to precise rules, but which forgets what is behind, listens for new and higher monitions of con-science, and rejoices to pour itself forth in fresh and higher exertions. In fine, I call that mind free which, conscious of its affinity with God, and confiding in His promises by Jesus Christ, devotes itself faithfully to the unfolding of all its powers, which passes the bounds of time and death, which hopes to advance forever, and which finds inexhaustible power, both for action and suffering, in the prospect of immortality. Such is the spiritual freedom which Christ came to give. It con-sists in moral force, in the enlargement of thought and affection, and in the unrestrained action of our best powers. This is the great good of Christianity, nor can we conceive a greater within the gift of God. WILLIAM E. CHANNING, D.D., 1830. 