ST,tea. ds,entel 4 7,w Raa,,lir taa rer,ra,. Jan are Cralana 1,, f , nti 1 1 r t1, he nj b P ar,J 5 hree ,,NŁkr', aoa aa I, rile in,tilstt S,rtiaant e'rfercemen1 PERrO, a,' Si'FAt4t,,JS +SD TtAl 1 ',I hstrea A e by Pr.-testa k74'04  14 sn la,,s , frr,ei  Ł tha, 7HE )4011t AMES ti,t,  authority.  Tr, ,,Inactl,a OSer 'ha iy throughe  ..repe. Ł arif CENTURY A ;, the A0114:flee Ł ragas arlaTbrIstIaW' legally esteb Ł fished an4 enferred Cr }?;.thsea'a..'ate  aagar and:. Cater AS instItu A /r I L0.5C,L IF (-1CLII:.',Y;017,1-,.L,NiF1 L ItlE." Tke Modern DianaŠIts Origin and History "Great is Diana of the Ephesians " was the cry that once resounded in the famous city of Ephesus. To-day there arises throughout this country a cry which is in substance, "Great is the Sunday of the Americans!" And as it was with the tumultuous multitude of Ephesus, so to-day some cry one thing and some another. But as it was then agred that the popular idol, ''whom all Asia and the world worshipeth," was the source of great blessings, and that nothing must be suffered to impair or destroy her magnificence, so to-day it is agreed that that great legally-buttressed and supported religious institutionŠ"the American Sabbath"Šwhich "all the people have honored and observed from the very beginning of our history," is "the grappling-iron of our civilization" and "the source of our national pros-perity and power," and that at all hazards it must not be "slurred" or destroyed. To this end the power of law is de-manded and employed. Nothing is to be gained by refusing to look at things just as they are, and it is with the desire to bring plainly to view the real character and history of this much-lauded institution, which now demands enforce-ment as an American institution, that the above illustration is presented. "The American Sabbath" was hoary with age when Columbus set sail from Palos. The history of this institution is not hidden and unknown, and tin the light of that history, and not by the cries now resounding, should its claims be judged. 