Ł PHILADELPHIA SUNDAY-ENFORCEMENT CRUSADE HALTED 57 visions were organized. They were asked to wait upon the mayor and re-quest him to see to the proper enforce-ment of our Sunday law. Had they done more, they would have gone be-yond the work for which they were appointed. Neither the Sabbath As-sociation nor the divisions propose car-rying on all the reforms in the city. The committee appointed was not ex-pected to take up any work which was not directly in its fine. That other forms of vice do exist in our city is not questioned; but it does seem strange that men such as compose that committee, who, after due deliberation, decide to ask the mayor to see to the proper enforcement of our Sunday law, must first ask permission of the Public Ledger, or else be subjected to the edi-torial criticism that has been freely in-dulged in for the past few days. At this point the editor omitted something that had been written. The communication ended with this declara- tion: As for the letters that have been ap-pearing in the Public Ledger for and against the action of the Committee of Fifty, we are perfectly willing to allow the character of the letters, along with the character and standing of those Ł who wrote them, to have their weight with the readers of the Public Ledger as to the propriety or impropriety of the action of the Committee of Fifty. The advocates of Sunday enforce- ment are always willing to have the matter judged by something else than the real merits of the question itself. Mr. George Stroud Vail wrote that "as the son of the late Lewis D. Vail, for years the counsel of the Law and Order Society, I am an outspoken antagonist of the liquor traffic, and am never back-ward in opposition to the so-called speak-easies,' " but that the commit- tee that called on the mayor "was pres- ent for the one purpose of directing the mayor's attention to the numerous vio- lations of the Sunday law." That was very evident. He corrected a "mis- take" as follows: There was a mistake in having printed after my signature in the issue of November 11 the words, "Business Agent Philadelphia Sabbath Associa-tion." This is not the fact. The com-mittee that secured, my services is partly made up of members of the Sab-bath Association, but I am not the busi-ness agent of this worthy and valuable association, having my own line of work, entirely confined to enforcing the Sunday law for the benefit of candy and tobacco men, who purpose to make secure their lawful day of rest. And following his signature were the words, "Business Agent of the Candy and Cigar Sunday-Closing Movement." We should judge that the "mistake" corrected by Mr. Vail was not very material. The only "candy and cigar Sunday-closing movement" that has been carried on in Philadelphia has been engineered by the Philadelphia "Sabbath" Association leaders or 'agents. Rev. A. Alexander Nellis, of Roxborough, Pa., wrote in part : Again and again I have read in the columns of the Public Ledger and other papers expressions of fervent commen-dation of governors co-operating with sheriffs in their efforts to maintain the dignity of the law against mob vio-lence, in cases of actual or attempted lynchings. In the columns of the same papers, and apparently from the same pens, I have read severe denunciations of the mayor of Philadelphia for his actions in the same direction, for in-sistence upon obedience to the law. I wish some master logician would reveal to me the consistency in commending a captain of State troops for firing into a company of civilians which had taken the law into its own hand, and insist-ing that the chief executive of a great city should utterly disregard the stat-ute laws and permit their flagrant vio-lation, in order that "the plain people" who do not worship God on His day should spend this day on a merry-go-round. You virtually accuse this Committee of Fifty of misdirecting their efforts. You censure them for not attacking 