298 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. subjected to, without giving up. They are threatened with the loss of their homes if they do not yield. To a native, who lives upon his land and has no means of earning money, this is a very serious thing." "Sunday morning. I was permitted to go out to Titikavaka yesterday and speak to the brethren there. The entire village who have not been working on Sab-bath and attending the first day meetings were fined on last preparation day therefor. The specific charges brought were that they had trampled on and profaned their chief, and they had talked hard against the first day. The facts are they did not accede to the request of the ariki when he asked them to attend the first day meetings. If not paid to-morrow, their fines of 30 shil-lings each are to be put into the High Court for collec-tion. The fines were against all adults, male and fe-male alike." "The dominant mission is exactly where the church was in the time of Constantine, and the establishment of the ecclesiastical hierarchy that was to continue 1260 years. Their plan is to persecute and to intimidate all who do not choose to adopt the new religion. They are succeeding in turning most of the people into their channel, but at a cost which is proving fatal to the interests of their cause. The very men who are most worthy among their people are alienated. They refuse to attend the church, or in the few cases where they have succeeded in getting them to attend church, they do so with so poor a grace, and with so much com-plaint, that the cause of the persecutors is done more harm than good. By the advantage which a long resi-dence among them has given us, we are easily able to call their attention to the blessed truths of God by which they may be sanctified. They are forbidden to meet any more in their familiar places of neighborhood worship, but they always greet us very warmly when we approach them." In a letter shortly preceding this, also, Dr. Caldwell wrote that "the people who refused to observe Sunday were turned out of their places of worship, the doors of the churches being closed against them for service on any other day than the first day of the week, and they were even forbidden the privilege of meeting in private meeting-houses, those in authority, some of whom are missionaries, even going so far as to sug-gest that these buildings be burned. One of our mis-sionaries was arrested and fined for non-observance of the law. But with all this, many were inquiring for light, among whom were chiefs and former mission-aries, and some had already taken their stand for the truth of God. And all this is done by white people, English-speak-ing peopleŠthe same kind of people who are urging forward the movement for Sunday enforcement in Eng-land and the United States. If they were in this coun-try they would disclaim any intention or desire to in-terfere with the worship of seventh-day people and talk about the necessity for Sunday observance on purely civil grounds. But in the far-off Cook Islands, where they feel that they can do as they please without being accountable to civilized and self-governing people,  they boldly proceed to close up the churches of sev-enth-day observers, and manifest the genuine spirit of religious persecution. That is the real spirit of the Sunday laws, and it is just as truly so here in North America as it is in the Cook Islands. If it were not such here, it would not be what it is there. Israelites and the Sunday-Sabbath. The editor of the Chicago Israelite, being impor-tuned by a subscriber to say something in the way of encouraging Hebrews to remain loyal to the ancient Sabbath, responds thus : "I most respectfully decline to again enter upon a discussion of the Sunday-Sabbath questionŠif it is a live question. As long as only one congregation in the country has transferred its day of rest and worshipŁ from the seventh to the first day of the week, and has not succeeded after a great many years of active prop-aganda in securing even one single, solitary other con-gregation to follow its example, I see no reason to regard the matter as in any way an imminent one. If, after the passing of almost two decades, the innovation has made no headway, I see no reason which should make consistent Jews regard the movement as danger-ous or important. Not only has it made no progress, but it has even lost some of its original advocates, one of whom, Dr. Kohler, a former occupant of Temple Sinai's pulpit, is as strong an opponent today as he was in former years a propagator of the Sunday-Sabbath idea. The topic is one which has been most thor-oughly debated, and as the practical outcome of the proposition has thus far been nil, it is scarcely worth while to discuss itŠunless as a question for the young folk to debate in their literary clubs to give them a zest for the supper and dancing to follow. I promise thy correspondent that as soon as there are any other con-gregations of consequence to follow in the footsteps of Sinai I will blow a loud and long blast upon my bugle horn and summon to the aid of the imperiled Sabbath a host of staunch defenders." We have heard much from time to time of the Jews abandoning the Sabbath of the fathers for the Sunday of their Gentile neighbors, but it seems that this move- ment is not nearly so general as some have supposed. It is true that, yielding to the demands of "business," very many Jews disregard the Sabbath altogether, but that many of them have adopted Sunday as their day of vest does not seem to be sustained by facts. A prominent clergyman of New York City, Rev. Dr. McArthur, gave utterance recently to the follow-ing, which certainly suggests that the church, so far as he represents it, is not very closely in touch with present conditions among the humbler classes, either here or in other lands : "No Christian ought to enter heaven during the next twenty-five years if he can help it ; we are getting more heaven on earth now than ever we had. We have had more of it in the last twenty-five years than at any time since Adam fell into sin in the Garden of Eden." 