452 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY fare of the world and the course of its history. Most truly is it remarked that " it is as the head of the Catholic Church that the wonderful Pontiff did the work by which he will be judged," and that the object of his work as the head of the Catholic Church was " to restore the Holy See to its old position, as not merely the moderator, but the moving force in the political life of the civilized world." Pope Leo XIII. may pass away and be :succeeded by another Pontiff, as some two hundred and sixty Popes have passed away and been succeeded before him, but the Papacy remains with the same genius and principles as of old, and with in-creased and increasing power in the world as the result of his pontificate. His death will not change the Papacy nor stop the growth of her power. She will still strive untiringly for " rehabilitation " and seek by every possible means to become the controlling " force in the political life of the civilized world." Her remark-able success in this direction during the pontificate of Leo XIII. is the dis-tinguishing and striking feature of that pontificate, and is the fact of tremendous importance to which, with its significance and certain consequences if continued, the attention of all should be called in con-nection with the close of that pontificate. O Why We Have Free- In a review in the siom of Opinion London Times of the and Belief latest supplement to the " Encyclopedia Britannica," Mr. James Bryce, the eminent English writer, says that " toleration " is hardly the term which now best describes the attitude held by persons of different opinions and beliefs toward one another, " because we have got beyond permitting other people to hold or state their view without punish-ing them for it." He continues : The normal attitude of men nowadays is rather that which admits that one opinion has  as good a right to exist as another, and is per-haps just as likely to be true. The change is due not so much to charity as to uncertainty. If people felt as sure now that they are right as they supposed that they felt two centuries ago, there might be almost as little toleration now as then; and, if a time of more strenuous beliefs should return, the reciprocal indulgence now accorded, and accorded partly out of mere indifference, may see itself sensibly reduced. There is a great deal of truth in what Mr. Bryce says. It is scarcely to be doubted that the liberty of opinion en-joyed to-day, even the freedom from governmental interference and proscrip-tion, is secured almost as much by un-certainty and indifference as by charity and adherence to principle. Were it not for the diversity of opinions and beliefs which makes governmental interference impossible except by such discrimination as would array class against class and sect against sect, it can hardly be doubted that the liberty of opinion and belief now enjoyed would be "sensibly reduced.' A time of more strenuousness of beliefs of the sort that bring proscription and persecution, it must be admitted, would be very apt to come with the coalition of the great religious bodies once widely separated by differing beliefs, but now drawing together partly as the result of the prevalent uncertainty and indif ferenee. But this is not as it should be. Perfect liberty of thought should be compatible with strenuousness of belief. Liberty of opinion should be accorded to others not because of uncertainty in one's own convictions qr of indifference to what others believe, not necessarily because it is thought that one belief is as likely to be right as another, but because it is re-cognized and adhered to as a principle of truth that every individual has the right to do his own thinking and believing, even if he thinks and believes what is absolutely wrong. This is the principle that Christianity upholds ; it is the prin-ciple of Christian liberty of thought. 