'740 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY they had been in most Continental coun-tries during the Middle Ages. On the ground that their schools were not kept open six days in the week, including Sat-urday, the Jewish schools were closed. Fifteen years ago a decree was passed providing that Jews should be admitted to public schools only to take such places as were not filled by Rumanians ; later it was provided that, if there was room, they could enter upon the payment of a large fee. In the University, which was free to Rumanians, Jews were charged about $75 a year. They were shut out from military academies, and although admitted to the army, were excluded from the privilege of earning pensions after a specified service. They can hold no government position, and are shut out of the learned professions. Journalism was closed to them. They were forbidden to take out licenses to hawk wares about the streets; they were prohibited to live in the agricultural dis-tricts; they were prohibited from engag-ing in agricultural labor, and forbidden to own farming land. Finally a law was passed declaring that no one should em-ploy a Jew without also employing not less than two RumaniansŠa provision which was practically prohibitive of Jew-ish labor on all small estates." Under these oppressive restrictions the Jews of Rumania were "cut off at once from the possibilities of training . them-selves for better classes of work, from all incentives to do higher work, and obliged to live in a few cities under conditions which left only the most menial work open to them." Under this op-pression, and it is not difficult to believe, "the Jews in Rumania have steadily de-teriorated." Professor Dicey, of Eng-land, in a newspaper protest in which he was joined by Baron Kelvin, Sir Charles Dilke, General William Booth of the Sal-vation Army, and other prominent per- sons, pronounced this ill-treatment of the Rumanian Jews to be "not only gross injustice to the sufferers, but an injury to the whole of Europe," and Mr. Joseph Chamberlain has declared that "the im-policy of their persecution is almost greater than its cruelty." The oppression seems to have become more rigorous in the last few years, and thousands and thousands of Jews have emigrated from the country to escape from the hard conditions to which they are subjected. It is stated that during the month of March of the present year more than nine thousand Jews left Ru-mania. Many have emigrated on foot and by wagons into the European coun-tries to the west, and large numbers, averaging about six thousand annually for the last three years, have come to the United States. And no doubt many who have not left would have done so had emigration not been rendered impos-sible by their great poverty. It is the fact of the immigration into the United States that has afforded a basis for the protest that the American Secretary of State has sent to the sig-natory powers of the Berlin Treaty. In a state paper of unusual interest and im-portance, strongly recalling as it does America's early and historic attitude toward the oppressed, Secretary Hay has set before these governments the con-dition of affairs as respects the Ruma-nian Jews, and has plainly indicated to them their responsibility in the matter as parties to the international agreement by which Rumania was forbidden to re-strict civil freedom because of religious differences. It is not claimed that the United States has anything to do with the Treaty of Berlin, but it is held that inasmuch as the course of Rumania in flagrantly disregarding a plain provision of that treaty imposes a burden upon the United States, in that it drives to 