THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 521 people are nearly all church members, they are far from being strict Sunday-keepers. Many of them spend the day " rounding up " their cattle, etc. Practically everybody does more or less work on Sunday. Why then was this one woman singled out and warned to cease Sunday work? Simply be-cause her Sunday work, following as it does the re-ligious observance of the seventh day, emphasizes her dissent from the prevailing religion of the neighborhood. When she rests on Saturday, the seventh day of the week,-and works on Sunday, the first day of the week, she says thereby, " The sev-enth day is the Sabbath, and Sunday is only one of the six working days." Her faithfulness to her faith is a rebuke to others, even though she says not a word. It is only fair, however, to say that most of the people in the community referred to, are riot in sym-pathy with the idea of singling out this lone Sabba-tarian upon whom to visit the penalty of the Sunday law. They are too fair-minded for that sort of thing. But so long as the law remains any one who desires to do so may set it in operation. As Thomas Jeffer-son said of religious laws in this country, "A single zealot may commence persecution and better men be his victims." A CORRESPONDWCT of the Sabbath Recorder, writing from Garvin, Ia., says of the growth of the papacy in that section: "Under the supervision of an archbishop, many, many country schools in Jackson and Dubuque counties have been put into the hands of Rome, and the Roman Catholic religion is now a part of the school course." And these schools, remember, are public schools. Do such incidents, reader, furnish you any food for thought? A FREETHOUGHT journal complains that at a meet-ing of the Young Men's Progressive League, a liberal organization, on July 3, one of the speakers, Mr. George Ohnstein, was arrested. "The league at once issued a circular setting forth the facts of the matter, and 5o,000 copies were circulated. On Mr. Ohnstein being put upon trial, July 13, the case was dismissed, and that night the accused addressed a large audience without molestation. The technical charge was obstructing the streets, but as street preaching is permitted in Cincinnati the members of  the league are satisfied that this was only a pretext for suppressing free speech." Such occurrences do not benefit anybody. They most certainly injure the cause of Christianity. THE Independent (N. Y.) says that the partition of Chinese territory by Russia, Germany and France "is more than we can agree to." The German Em-peror has been talking of revenge; but, says, the Independent, " Christian principle should control the relation between nations as well as individuals; and the language of the German Emperor has not been Christian." "In a campaign of this sort [to avenge the murder of the German envoy] we can take no part." "It is not our desire to break up the Chinese Empire; we only wish to make it safe for Americans to live and pursue their callings in that country." Unfortunately for this mild program, other na-tions than the United States must be consulted in the settlement of the Chinese question. The United States, we are told, would like to withdraw and leave only an "open door" for trade, but unfortunately, Russia and Germany intend to remain and occupy the chief Chinese centers, and " this is more than we can agree to." Yet "it would be a very serious task to try to defend China against Germany and France; almost an impossible one, even for Great Britain, Japan, and the United States, if Russia should join Gerrnany and France. This," the Inde-pendent adds, " will call for a great congress of the Powers, backed by all the,  moral force which Chris-tianity and the principles enunciated at The Hague can offer." YES; it Will call for all this, and a good deal more; for, looking back from this date at The Hague con-gress which was to do so much for peace through the " moral force " of Christian principles, it is cer-tainly a very optimistic, not to say credulous, person *who would have any confidence in such a "backing" to restrain two powerful nations bent on enriching themselves by the seizure of territory. It will call for some far more material backing than the mere enunciation of principles by the remaining Powers. THE United States may have gone into China with the best of intentions, but unfortunately good inten-tions will play very little part in deciding the ques-tion of withdrawal. It is very desirable to have an "open door" into China, but unfortunately Russia 