JUDGE GORDON S ARGUMENT' AGAINST. SUNDAY LAW iqg fives in the legislature should in prevailing numbers be of the same religious persuasion. And suppose such a legislature should pass a law forbidding the use of meats as food on Friday, out of deference to the religious views and sensibilities of this imaginary majorityŠhow could such legislation be held to be in-valid if the act of 1794 is sustained? The simple fact is that the difficulty of en-forcing the act of 1794, and its practical non--enforcement for decades, has resulted from the obvious change, if not in the religious views, at least in the religious customs of the great majority of the people, as to what con-stitutes the proper observance of Sunday. It would be closing the eyes to open and apparent facts were it not admitted that the enactment .of the statute of 1794 and its dormant state throughout many years, as well as its open violation, all have their foundation in religious -conditions. Consider, also, that in prosecutions under the act of 1794 the local customs of the par-ticular community are to govern in determin-ing whether a certain kind of work is one of " necessity " or not, or is " worldly " employ-ment. There are certain communities in this State where practically all sorts of " worldly " work are carried on by custom by a majority of the people. In such a county no conviction Łcould be had under the act under the judicial decisions referred to and the facts as they -exist. In other counties a different state pre-vails. Therefore, what would be criminal in -one county would not be criminal in another, and hence what was intended to be a law of general application would be one of local appli-cation only. What right have you, sir, who now hear this case, to pass upon the question whether the act of any man brought before you is a crime -or not, upon your personal views as to whether this act was one of " necessity " or not? I am very sure you would not wish .to impose your private conceptions of religion or morality upon another citizen. As a magistrate it is your duty to declare and enforce the law as it exists, but when the law gives you no definite standard, and you are left to your own private and personal views, you will be following the spirit of our institutions and the constitution Łof the State if you refuse to stamp as a crime the act of any citizen when you have no legal and impersonal standard wherewith to meas-ure it. For all these reasons, therefore, I respect-luny request your honor to dismiss this in- formation and the proceedings thereunder. The decision of our courts heretoforeŁ under this act have been upon questions of fact and not of law, and related to the times andŁ condi-tions then existing. They were good law,  for those cases and for the facts then before the court, but they went no further, and were not intended to, and could not, in their nature, have gone further. They are- not precedents govern-ing other facts, other communities, and later times. The information and evidence in this case, moreover, are legally and technically at fault. The act under consideration, in its enacting clause, excepts " works of necessity and char-ity." It is text-book law, as well as the result of numerous decisions, that where a statute in its exacting clause excepts certain acts or persons, the information or indictment must aver that the act charged against the defendant as a crime was not one of the excepted cases, and this being a material averment, it must be established by evidence. In the case of State vs. Barker, 18 Vermont (3 Wash.), 195, it was held that an indictment under a statute which prohibits the exercise on the Sabbath day of any " secular business, etc., except works of necessity and charity," must allege that the acts charged were not acts of "neces-sity and charity." So, also, in the case of Jen-sen vs. the State, 6o Wisconsin, 557, it was held that an indictment or complaint was not sufficient in the absence of the allegation that the work or labor relied on constituting the offense, was not a work or labor of "necessity or charity." Under this view of the law it is necessary for the complainants in these cases to aver sub-stantively that the acts complained of were not " works of necessity or charity," and to prove this fact. How can this be proved? How can it be proved to the satisfaction of your honor that in the city of Philadelphia the printing and publishing of newspapers containing the news of the day does not constitute a work of " necessity "? How will your honor ascertain what are the necessities of a million and a quarter of people? What quantity of proof would be sufficient to establish this? And what character of witness would you require? Does your honor not see that the thing is practically unsusceptible of determination, and, therefore, the act incapable of enforcement? Since this statute was passed telephones have come into existence, and the electric telegraph and the trolley system of locomotion. Is the repairing of a broken trolley wire a work of 