394 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. to "coronate God." Germany is another, and society is there honeycombed with infidelity more perhaps than in almost any other country. Individual faith in God is the only remedy for sin; and this faith cannot be assisted by legislation. The great trouble is that in attempting to "coro-nate" God, that which is really "coronated" is some self-appointed vicegerent of God. To "coronate" God is to acknowledge his law and to bow to it. But when any nation undertakes to do this, that which is acknowledged and enforced is at best only some human interpretation of the divine law Šusually far below the divine standard, and not in-frequently in direct controvention to that law. To "coronate" God by any state or national act is to make his law the football of contending parties, and the subject of court decisions, to be construed as other laws are construed ; so that naturally men in-stead of seeking to know what the Lord says in His law, they will inquire what the courts say about His law. The divine law "is spiritual" and since "spiritual things" are only "spiritually discerned," the state, which is not spiritual, cannot even discern the divine law, much less administer it. B. If Not Slavery, What Is It? It has been repeatedly stated, and so far as we know has not been denied, that the rebellion in the Philippine Islands against Spain was "more a rebellion against the monks and clergy then against the sovereignty of Spain." The same is true of the war which the natives have all along maintained against the United States. But why a rebellion against the monks, and against the government of Spain and of the United States because of the monks ? Under Spain the monks were the real rulers, and the natives fear, and not without reason, that prac-tically the same system will be continued under Amer-ican government. Under Spanish rule the monks taxed the people in various ways while living and even pursued them to the grave when dead. Marriages, births, funerals, etc., were all made a source of revenue to "the church."' Besides this the monks owned the land and the people being merely renters, eked out a precarious existence at best. Moreover, these lands had not been acquired by the monks by purchase, but by confiscation, largely upon false charges corruptly sustained. "Whenever a man had a desirable plantation, they would trump up some charge against him, have him arrested, and, without investigation, shot; and the property was  turned over to the monks. It was in this way, prin-cipally, that they had acquired their possessions." The avowed purpose of the revolutionists was to,  confiscate this property and turn it over to the gov-ernment for the benefit of the people. This is exactly what was done in Mexico forty years ago. It was this that led to the attempt by Napoleon III., backed up by Rome, to establish an empire in Mexico under Maximilian. This empire failed as soon as the sup-port of France was withdrawn at the demand of the United States, and Maximilian was shot. But now the United States have been entrapped by Rome and are being used to fasten upon the Fili-pinos the very system which this Government refused to permit France to fasten upon Mexico. The facts have been thus stated : "When the commissioners met at Paris, to make peace between this country and Spain, it will be re-membered that the Philippine government, of which Aguinaldo was the head, appointed a commissioner to appear before that body and state their grievances, but the commissioners refused to listen to them, or in any way receive him. "About this time, Archbishop Ireland, as the daily press informs us, had an interview with President Mc-Kinley, and it was there agreed that the property rights of the church or monks, should not be interfered with. Accordingly, a clause was put into the treaty that all the property rights that existed under Spain would be accordingly respected by the American Gov-ernment. So the people of the Philippine Islands found that practically everything they had fought for against Spain would be lost if the American Govern-ment's supremacy was maintained." These facts are not very creditable to the United States which by papal intrigue were induced to bind themselves to take the side of Rome against the peo-ple, and this without regard to the real merits of the case. Right or wrong, this Government must main-tain the claims of the monks, or of "the church," as against the people of the Philippine Islands. If this is not enslaving them, what is it ? B. Foreign and yet Not Foreign. (From the Springfield Republican.) Against Judge Lochren's opinion as to the consti-tutional powers of Congress over the new territory of the United States, comes that of Judge William K. Townsend, sitting in the United States district court for Southern New York. The latter holds views quite the reverse of those expressed by the United States circuit judge at St. Paul in the habeas corpus case of the Porto Rican, Ortiz. The case before Judge Townsend related to AN ASSESSMENT OF DUTIES on an importation of tobacco from Porto Rico after the treaty of Paris had been ratified and an exchange 