PHILADELPHIA SUNDAY-ENFORCEMENT CRUSADE HALTED 61 tion, the Judaizing of Christianity. That phrase mistakes our attitude. We would indeed get back to that reverent and obedient regard for religious laws and Divine authority that in their pur-est and happiest days characterized the 'Jewish people. But we would not give up the Christ, nor in any way sacrifice "that liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free." . . . The advocates of Sunday enforce-ment should be the last people on earth to talk about "that liberty wherewith, Christ hath made us free." -In this matter they utterly sacrifice and dis- regard that liberty. Mr. Carner con-cluded thus: The breakdown of regard for the Sabbath seems to have moved in start-ling coincidence with the spread of loose and unrighteous living, and not the least factor in the Sabbath unrest has been the seven-days-in-the-week paper, with its tremendous business of advertising and distributing and sell-ing its Sunday issue. What has done more to break down the Sabbath than the noisy and wearying Sunday excur-sions and the overloaded and over-spiced Sunday paper ? What has done more to break down reverence for Di-vine law than the desecration of that day intended for the study of Divine law and the cultivation of righteous-ness ? It is always "reverence for Divine law" that is the object of the advo- cates of Sunday observance by law. It never seems to occur to them that pro-motion of "reverence for Divine law" as such is no proper function of the state, and that compulsion and coercion to that end is not the way to inspire reverence for Divine law. Daniel W. Lenahan, of Willinton, Pa., who evi-dently is, or was, a magistrate, wrote : Your editorial on December 28 needs no comment. It was sound in every line and letter. About two years ago a Mt. Carmel merchant was sued be-fore me for selling goods one Sunday. At the hearing it was shown that the prosecutor had purchased goods from  the defendant from time to time on Sunday, and on credit. He never paid a single dollar for the goods, which amounted to a considerable sum. He has not paid it yet. This prosecutor took this means of settling an honest bill, for which he had been dunned from time to time. He brought his case before the wrong magistrate, who not only discharged the defendant but turned the tables, and made the man pay nominal costs for obtaining goods under false pretense. Seward it was who said there is a higher law than the Constitution, and there is. With all respect for your Committee of Fifty, there is a higher law than the blue law now being enforced in Philadelphia. There is always some mean, sordid mo-tive behind the enforcement of these obsolete laws. It may be a pretense of piety, or something else, but it is always there. There is some motive in it that is mean. This is always the case. The legislature should repeal those laws at the next session. It is always good legislation to repeal ob-noxious measures and enact better ones in harmony with the spirit of the times. Mr. Lenahan proposes the right and only settlement of the matter, and it is to be hoped that this settlement of it will not be long delayed. The other communication in opposition to the Public Ledger's attitude was from J. H. Margerison, who is very pi.obably a clergyman. He wrote : I have been a constant reader of the Public Ledger for thirty years, and I have been surprised that you should make a distinction when a law was made as to whether it should be en-forced or not. General Grant said if a law is bad, enforce it, and that will insure its repeal. If, as you say, there is greater and more flagrant disregard for laws and decencies than these fifty Christian gentlemen are trying to put down, why don't your great paper take these matters up as a public duty and become a valuable co-worker of these men, to whom you give credit for sin-cerity and honesty ? I take it to be the duty of the public press to help, 