SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 701 as to parties who may choose to ob-serve Saturday as their Sunday, but in an older law on the same subject there is a clause providing that those who observe another Sabbath may con-tinue their vocation on the first day of the week, provided however that they do not annoy or disturb other persons." The Jewish complainant, Oxman, "said he was not particular which day was observed by these parties as their Sab-bath, but insisted that they should be required to close their places of busi-ness one day of the seven which con-stitute the week." It seems that Oxman himself had been in the habit of Sun-day selling, and on the continuance of the cases to a later date the attorney for the defendants secured a warrant for his arrest, which was at once served. The county attorney protested against the issuance of the warrant "on the ground that Mr. Oxman had pledged himself to close on Sunday in the future," but Judge Hine over-ruled his objections. Another hearing in the cases of the five grocers took place on October 14, when the defense "raised the point that selling groceries is servile labor, and therefore expressly permitted on Sunday by the Minnesota statutes." The judge "decided to pon-der this point for a few days." At the same session of the municipal court "Rodney Barnum, proprietor of a grocery store, was fined $5 for keeping open on Sunday." The annual convention of the British Columbia branch of the Canadian "Lord's Day" Alliance was recently held at Vancouver in the Y. M. C. A. hall, with "the president, the Rev. R. G. MacBeth, presiding, supported by Mr. Ralph Smith, M. P., the Rev. J. G. Shearer, secretary of the Alliance for Canada, and the representative minis-ters of the city." "The president, in his report upon the work in British Columbia, expressed himself as con-vinced that the feeling in favor of the work of the society and the general desire for the strict observance of the Lord's day as a rest day was far stronger than was commonly supposed. Reference was made to the efforts put forth locally to get a Lord's day act  passed in the Province, which resulted in a petition carrying 5,000 signatures being presented to the local legislature. A bill was drawn up and passed its first reading, and while in this state was deefated, and the effect of the work spoilt. The recent Privy Council de-cision appeared to throw the onus for the enactment of such legislation upon the Dominion government. The local legislature had, however, some powers in the matter which were vested in the Province prior to confederation, and still in force. There were also certain civic and municipal powers for the regulation of shops, etc., and by reason of these powers it was a mistake to sup-pose that because of the Privy Coun-cil's decision stores can be opened on Sundays in Vancouver. The city coun-cil had power to pass the law, this being considered a municipal matter, and therefore to be enforced." Mr. Shearer reported that "there are now 400 local branch alliances in the Domin-ion, enrolling about 25,000 members." Twenty-one of these branches are in British Columbia. Mr. Smith made the concluding speech, and "dwelt at some length upon the necessity of a day of rest to the laboring classes." He declared that "the constitution of man required one day's rest in seven, his physical and intellectual advance-ment required it, and the Creator of all had ordained it," and "his remarks were a powerful arraignment of all who either required service, worked, or countenanced work, on the Sab-bath." He declared that "parliament would give the people what they wanted," and advised that the people make it certain by their attitude and actions that "Ottawa" would know that there was "a general demand of the people" for the proposed Sunday legislation. This record of crime ( ?) and its pun-ishment is from the New York Evening Post of October 26: "Charged with selling a five-cent loaf of bread, thus violating the Sunday-closing law, Clara Sperber, a very pretty young woman, was arrested by Patrolman Telschow yesterday in the grocery store of her fiance, Henry Leon, at No. 74 Seventh 