336 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY are always troops of beautiful, tall angels gathered around him, and God himself stands within the dim future and keeps watch over His own. if a man stand for the right and truth, though every man's finger be pointed at  him, though every woman's lip be curled at him in scorn, he stands in a majority; for God and good angels are with him, and greater are they that are for him than all they that be against T. B. Gough. Ł The Civil Sabbatl?: Its Alliance With Legal Rum By Paul P. Lyon An address delivered in New York on April 5 at the inter-State oratorical contest of the Young People's Prohibition League. ARUM subsidy, unwittingly be-stowed by Christian men, to pro-mote the commerce of the Devil ! Such I believe is the effect of certain existing laws. They are not in harmony with God's plan. They have failed to accomplish the commendable end sought by them. They are not in harmony with the principles of American freedom. They are a most potent ally of the liquor trade. They are a colossal subsidy by means of which the liquor trade is induced to settle down on American soil and build its steamships of destruction as cheaply and with profits more secure than on the continent of Europe. I mean the intervention of civil law to compel men to rest on Sunday. These charges are not made through indiffer-ence to the Sabbath. It is because I es-teem it so highly that I will plead so earnestly for it to-night. God gave to the world ten funda-mental laws. Christ summed them up in twoŠlove God and love man. Love to God is embraced in the first four; love to man in the last six. It is man's business to regulate the conduct of men so far as it relates to men and no farther. It is God's business to regulate the conduct of men in those things which relate to God. Christ af-firmed this when he said : "Render therefore unto Caesar the things which are Caesar's and unto God the things that are God's." The master builders of American independence affirmed it in the Constitution when they said. "Con-gress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." Man rules between man and man. God rules between man and God. No man ever yet presumed to tamper with that principle that he did not seri-ously impede Łthe progress of Christian-ity, the hindrance being just in propor-tion to the extent of his meddling. The Roman Church, aided by the power of the state, said : "Thou shalt worship God as I direct," and there en-sued a thousand years during which Progress couldn't get a running start. We call them the Dark Ages. The Christian men of these days havtŁ  held up the train of progress. They pi sume to deny to yon and me the right 