EDITORIAL  707 consciousness remains to a dead man, for "his sons come to honor, and he knoweth it not." Now it may be that in this "arrogant and conceited age" the "father of lies" has changed his tactics, but it was he who first advanced the doctrine of im-mortality for sinful beings, as may be found by reading the third chapter of Genesis. And since that time, notwith-standing the fact that he was then and there cut off entirely from the possibility of living forever as a transgressor (Gen. 3 :22-24), man has been prone to regard himself as possessed of inherent immor-tality, and never has he been more sure of this than when sunk in the most ab-ject idolatry and superstition. But the point we desire to emphasize, and perhaps what we have given will serve to emphasize it, is that it is well to be very careful how we pronounce as heresy and as "foolish wisdom" what others think, for there is no greater here-sy and no more foolish wisdom than that which assumes that it understands the full counsel of God, and on the strength of that assumption is ready to pronounce as heretical all that does not accord with it. It is the failing, and the virtue, in a sense, of devout people to believe that they are closer to God than other people, and that they have His truth just about in its perfection ; and that therefore all who do not think and believe as they think and believe are in error. And thus they feel free, feel as if they had a special commission from heaven, to pro-nounce as heresy and foolish wisdom all that does not agree with the truth as they conceive it. They do not realize that in doing so they may be the victims in its most aggravated form of that which they are so quick to condemn in othersÑan "arrogant and conceited" exaltation of and reliance upon human opinion and wisdom. They forget that they are sub- ject to the limitations and frailties that are common to all their kind, and are just as liable to err as is the most "super-enlightened" and "arrogant and conceit-ed" of "heretics." And who, indeed, is free from this failing? "Some Experiences in Turkey," re-lated in this issue, read almost like ac-counts of the experiences of the early Christian evangelists, given in the "Acts of the Apostles." And, indeed, the ex-periences are the same. Not only do these present-day experiences occur on almost the very scene of the other ex-periences, but they are in many respects essentially the same. First, there is the preaching by humble men of what they believe to be a message of truth that the people need to hear without delay. Then there is the constant and bitter opposition of the representatives of other religions, who look upon the new teaching not as a message of truth but as one of error, which, if not positively evil and danger-ous, is a needless and useless disturbance of the minds of the people, and in either case an injury to what they are sure is the cause of true religion. Then there are the civil officials, who, while they are on the whole indifferent to the matter, are naturally disposed to side with the rep-resentatives of what is and has been, and to look askance at the preachers and dis-ciples of a new religion, and who can be with little difficulty persuaded that there is bound up in it something that is against the interests which they are supposed to guard. And so the disciples of the new religion are regarded with hatred from one direction and with suspicion from another, and between the representatives of known and recognized religion on the one hand and the civil officials on the other, are constantly subject to harass-ment, arrest and even imprisonment, which of course is always done in the 