356 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY it by the papal politicians. We shall be surprised if the Papacy does not attempt to use this Philippine matter to obtain the establishment of permanent diplomatic relations between the American govern-ment and the Vatican. That is a proposal that may be looked for before the negotia-tions are concluded. Ł According to the Boston Herald the discussion in the Massachusetts legisla-ture of "the bill to permit Sunday fish-ing served to bring out the close relation-ship between Socialism and religious infidelity; the author and advocates of the measure were Socialists, and the opponents were Protestant Republicans and Roman Catholic Democrats alike." And so we are to take it for granted that Socialism is closely related to "religious infidelity',' because the representatives of Socialism demand a partial repeal of the Sunday laws ? And yet we are asked to believe that the Sunday laws have nothing to do with religion ! There are more important facts than that mentioned which the discussion served to bring out. It showed that the Sunday question is a question of religion, and therefore a question with which the legislature has no business to concern itself and with regard to which there should be no legis-lation whatever ; that in behalf of Sun-day legislation, of the maintenance and enforcement by law of a religious in-stitution and observance which they hold in common, " Protestants " and Roman Catholics, notwithstanding opposite po-litical affiliations, are ready to combine forces and make common cause ; and that those who seek in any degree to modify this religious legislation, to rid the statute books of this piece of church-and-state union, become in the eyes of the " Protestants " and Roman Catholics who support and defend it representatives of " atheism " and " religious infidelity." If the Sunday law were not a religious  law its champions would not have ac-cused those who asked for its modifica-tion of " religious infidelity." By this accusation they simply convicted them-selves and the law they were defending. O These remarks of the Boston Investiga-tor (Freethought) with regard to " Sab-bath protection," are worth repeating : Why does the Sabbath need protection? We do not need to have any other day of the week protected. Monday, Tuesday, Wednes-day, Thursday, Friday and Saturday all stand on their own bottom. No one is paid a fat salary to look after these days. . . . Why are not ministers honest, and why do they not say that what they want protected is their su-perstition? . . . What has the state to do with Christianity that it makes laws compelling people to acknowledge this foolish supersti-tion? The state cannot make men believe the dogma of the trinity, the immaculate concep-tion, or of salvation by belief in Jesus. Why should it undertake to compel men to accept the Chrisitan dogma of Sunday holiness? Is there anything just or fair or right in such compulsion? If our neighbor wishes to go to see God on Sunday we make no objection, but if we prefer to go a-fishing he asks the state to arrest us for " breaking the Sab-bath"! . . . We have had this pious dogma of Sunday holiness crammed down out throats long enough. Sunday belongs to us as much as to Christians. It is not any one's day in particular; it is everybody's day. . . . Chris-tianity takes infinite shapes, but, with the ex-ception of Romanism, the " Sabbath Protective League" is its most dangerous guise. There is tyranny in its purpose. We should beware of any organization that attempts to cut down the proportions of religious freedom. Our Freethought friends may be as-sured that in opposing " Sabbath protec-tion " they are not opposing Christianity, but are rather standing for it. The great object of Christianity is religious free-domŠsoul freedom. Any organization, no matter what its professions may be, that is working to restrict religious free-dom, that assumes to employ force in re-ligious matters, is in that anti-Christian. And any organization or group of people, whether they call themselves Freethink- 1 