RUMANIAN PERSECUTIONSŠPROTEST AGAINST THEM 739 not intended for the discussion of polit-ical questions, neither is the Bible the source from which the laws of the state are to be framed. The natural law is to  be the source of legislation, and the civil government is to shape its policy solely with an eye to the peace and prosperity of the citizens.ŠF. K. in Lutheran Witness. The Rumanian Persecutions and the Protest Against Them By the Editor NOTWITHSTANDING the boasted progress of the world in enlighten-ment and civilization there are  many chapters of present-day history that if read several hundred years hence would be very likely to impress the reader with an idea concerning the times of the clos-ing of the nineteenth century and the opening of the twentieth much like that which the people of to-day have of the Dark Ages with their cruelties and per-secutions. One of these chapters, and there are many, as we have said, is the shameful oppression that has long been inflicted upon the Jews in Rumania, and which has recently evoked a protest that has commanded the attention of the world By the terms of the famous Berlin Treaty of 1878, to which England, France, Germany, Russia, Italy, Austria, and Turkey were parties, and which guaranteed with certain condition the in-dependence of Rumania and other Bal-kan states, it was expressly provided that "in Rumania the difference of religious creeds and confessions shall not be ar-rayed against any one person as a ground for exclusion or incapacity in matters re-lating to the enjoyment of civil and po-litical rights, admission to public em-ployments, functions, and honors, or the exercise of the various professions and  industries in any locality whatsoever." Although they were not alone the ones to benefit by it, this provision was meant to apply as fully to the Jews as to any other class of people, and it should have ended the persecutions which the Jews have been compelled to suffer in Ru-mania for centuries. But intolerance is persistent, and the authorities of Ru-mania; which by the way is a "Christian" power, evaded this provision by decreeing that the Jews living in Rumania, of whom there were nearly half a million, and most of whom were descendants of ancestors who had lived in the country for generations and centuries, were not citizens, but "aliens not subject to for-eign protection," arid that therefore the treaty provision did not apply to them. And intolerance usually provides itself with some loophole through which it may crawl when necessary and claim that it is not what it is, and so it was provided that the Jews might be naturalized one by one if they could secure favorable action by the parliament of the country upon each individual application. This provision, of course, amounted to noth-ing in the way of relief. Following this decree came a long se-ries of oppressive enactments. "All the avenues of success were as hermetically sealed against the Jew in Rumania as 