7i4 emffooll CHRIIST11121U LUZE12717 VOL. XVIII WASHINGTON, D. C., THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1903. No. 44     The case of Sun-day enforcement upon seventh-day observers at London, Ontario, reported last week, caused some one signing him- self "Liberty" to send the following very proper protest to the Daily Free Press of that city, which embodied it in an editorial, headed "The Sunday Law," that appeared in its issue of October 9: I had supposed that under the flag of the British Empire, of which we are all proud, a man was per-mitted to worship God according to the dictates of his conscience. Is it pos-sible that we have upon our statute books laws enforcing the religious dog-mas of the majority. If so, I beg leave to protest (as a citizen and a clergy-man) in the name of liberty. I believe, sir, that every man should be allowed to worship as his conscience dictates, and I am unable to under-stand why honest labor on Sunday is a crime while on the other six days it is commendable. It disturbs no one. The few who keep a day other than the day observed by the majority in no wise disturb the worship of those who worship on Sunday. Jews, Seventh-day Baptists, and the Seventh-day Adventists assemble in their va-rious places of worship on the seventh day, and they never seem to complain of being disturbed, though the masses are busy laboring all around them. If they can worship while the world all work, surely the teeming thousands can worship nndisturbed by the labor of the few. Religious services are held daily in the churches and no one seems dis-turbed by the work carried on out-side, then why should a little work car- ried on in a quiet way disturb some one? The Free Press responded thus : "Liberty" is all astray in his view of this matter. It is not a question of conscience, but of the law of the land, with the consent of the governed. Cer-tain works of necessity are permitted to be carried on on the first day of the week, such as transcontinental traf-fic on railways, the sailing of ships en route, the operation of street cars and telegraphs where the public necessity is urgent. There are employments that cannot be suspended for a day without very serious loss, inconvenience and suffering, as in the case of live stock and perishable goods in transit. But an ordinary manufacture is not in this category. It cannot work on Sunday because the law declares it is a day of rest from labor, and it can wait. It is not a matter of discretion. The law is made for the protection of work-ing people, and for the good order of society at large. If liberty could be taken as a matter of conscience, by keeping some week-day for religion, it would come to be taken as a matter of every-day concern because it suited to keep holiday mid-week and work on Sunday. The result would be religious, social and moral chaos. The Free Press makes no mistake as to the best argument and defense for Sunday legislationŠit is !`the law of the land." It offers no other justifi-cation for it; and there is no other. But if this argument had always pre-vailed, where would be the liberty of which the citizens of the British Em-pire are justly proud? Where would be those great documents, the Magna Echoes from the Ontario Case 