The Vital Portion of the Declaration of Independence By the Editor I T is scarcely necessary here to present the history of that document origin-ally entitled "the Unanimous Declara-tion of the Thirteen States of America," which has come to be known as the Dec-laration of Independence. The story of its birth has been recounted many times. It is known how, in the effort to with-stand the ever-extending encroachments of the English king and his ministers upon the rights of the American colo-nists, there assembled in Philadelphia in the spring of 1776 the Continental Con-gress.It is known that even at that time the idea of entire independence of the mother country was entertained by but few, even of those who assembled in In-dependence Hall. It is known how that, on the 7th of June, Richard Henry Lee, of Virginia, introduced his famous reso-lution declaring independence, and how, after an almost secret debate of three days, it was decided to postpone action until the 1st of July, and to appoint a committee to draw up in the meantime a declaration suitable to present to the world if independence should be decided upon. It is known how this committee as-signed the work of writing the document to the young Virginian who was able of pen but silent in debate, and how, dur-ing those June days, in a quiet room in the outskirts of the city, at a small desk made especially for his use while attend-ing the Congress, he wrote the great document, and read it to two of his col-leagues before submitting it to the en-tire committee. It is known how that, with very slight changes, it was laid be-fore Congress on the 28th of June, and  that immediately after, on the 2d of July, the resolution of Lee was adopted, and that this was the date which John Ad-ams, the most enthusiastic of all for in-dependence, at once declared would "be the most memorable epocha in the his-tory of America," and "be solemnized from this time forward forevermore." And it is known how, not with the noise of trumpets and a great demonstration, but as became it, like all great events which mark the epochs in the cause of truth and justice and that bear in them the seeds that are to spring up in ever-increasing blessing to humanity as the generations go by, it was quietly adopted on July 4th, published on the 6th, and read with simple ceremony in the State House yard on the 8th. And it is known how, on the 2nd of August, the serious work of signing began, relieved only by such grim humor as, "We must all hang together, or we shall all hang separately." And it is known that the document did not receive the signatures of all its fifty-six signers on that day, but that it was weeks and even months before all the names were attached to it. And it is known, too, on what seems to be good authority, that the Declaration of Inde-pendence was not the first document in America to declare independence of Great Britain. On receipt of the news of Lexington and Concord, in May, 1775, citizens of Mecklenburg County, North Carolina, met in Charlotte and adopted a document declaring their independence of Great Britain and denying her author-ity over the colonists. And it is known, or it was known for upwards of a hundred years, by the ¥ 