EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 535 n r foment religious and race hatred, intoler-ance, persecution and inhuman massacre.. A great newspaper, powerful for good, is also powerful for evil if it chooses to be so. It can employ its potent facilities for the undoing of those upon whom it chooses to pass sentence of excommuni-cation and condemnation. By artful and persistent misrepresentation and accusa-tion it can arouse against a class that has NO incurred its enmity widespread dislike and hatred, and in the end, as at Kishi-nef,  f, can cause the passion it has aroused to burst forth in its fury. And this abuse of the press is as likely to occur at the centers as at the outskirts of civilization. Rev. W. J. Patton of Superior, Wis., thjects to Sunday evening performances in the theatres of that place on the ground that they take place " at a time when there are services in the churches, and when there is an effort on the part of the better class of people to gather the people for religious instruction and meditation." He says also that " although it is contrary to the convictions of a large number of our citizens, there has been no general protest against the Sunday ball playing because it takes place on the outskirts of the city and there are no church services Sunday afternoon." The point is plain. There must be no competition with the churches. If they cannot monopolize the day entirely, they must monopolize that portion of it which they choose to devote to religious services. As /yell might the ball players and theater folks expect the churches to stop operations while they are playing or performing. The thing is as fair one way as it is the other. Ł A Grand Island (Neb.) paper states that the ministerial association of that place " is an organization among the clergymen, the purpose of which is to IP unite their efforts along certain lines, re- gardless of the differences in creed which may exist, lines on which all occupy the same common ground." This states the purpose of ministerial associations in gen-eral. And it seems that the chief thing upon which the clergymen thus unite their efforts and find themselves occupying common ground is the matter of Sunday observance and its enforcement. And these organizations of ministers precede and presage like unions of the churches. " There may be and is an honest dif-ference of opinion between honest men as to what constitutes Sabbath desecration, but whatever your opinion, the law must govern," says the Grayling (Mich.) Ava-lanche in quoting the Sunday law for the enlightenment of the people of that place. That is a peculiar notion to obtain in a country Viehere absolute freedom in re-ligious matters is supposed to be the tin-questioned right of every individual. " Prohibition of the sale on the Sab-bath " was included among " proper po-lice regulations " for the liquor traffic by Dr. Frederick H. Wines in an address on " Legislative Aspects of the Liquor Problem " at Chatauqua, N. Y., recently. He did not point out the source of and real reason for this particular regulation. " The head of the Church of Rome can never afford to ignore the politics of the world," says the New York Tribune. Though a somewhat contrary opinion is now expressed in high and unexpected quarters, the world could very well afford to have him do it, however. This number of THE SENTINEL 1S de-voted almost entirely to reporting matters in the line of Sunday enforcement. Other matters deserving consideration will be given attention in succeeding numbers. 