THE RIGHT TO WORK 751  against the fundamental rights of honest toil. I speak in behalf of the seventeen thousand in-dependents who to-day are working behind barricades maintaining the rights guaranteed in the preamble to the Declaration of Inde-pendenceŠthe right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. . . . I sing the praises of the men who say "No" to any one who shall deny them the right to work. . . . There is no right in God's universe com-parable to the right of a man to do his work.ŠDr. David J. Burrell, in sermon at Marble Col-legiate Church, New York, October 12. It seems to me, friends, that the country is getting altogether too callous and indifferent to this fundamental principle of the right to life and liberty, the right to labor and live our own lives and sell our own labor in our own way. If these rights are not guaranteed then the Republic is a failure. . . . No body of men on the face of the earth has any right to interfere with the liberty of any other man. This is a fundamental principle of human rights, fundamental to the very safety and per-petuity of our Republic. . . . It seems to me that the Constitution of the United States guarantees to every American citizen personal protection, the right to hold and manage his own property, the right to labor when and. where and how and for what wages he will. It seems to me that the Constitution of the United States guarantees this to every citi-zen. . . . And it seems to meŠand I re-spectfully make this suggestionŠthat, if the governor of any special State fails to execute the laws and protect the citizens of that State, then the President of the United States would have a right to issue a proclamation calling upon such governor to protect a citizen of the United States, and warning him that if he did not do it the authority of the United States would intervene. . . . The great fundamental principles of liberty, of life, of property, of occupationŠthese, whatever comes, if we are to be free, if there is to be a republic worthy of the name, must be pro-tected.ŠDr. Minot J. Savage, in sermon at the Messiah Unitarian Church, New York, Oc-tober 5. It seems that it could not be possible that in a country where the above senti-ment exists so strongly as these declara- tions would indicate that work, "honest toil," could be treated as a crime by the public laws. But nevertheless this is not  only possible, but it is an actual fact. With the exception of only one or two States, every commonwealth in the American Union has on its statute books a law which prohibits "common labor" as a misdemeanor under penalty of fine or imprisonment. The only exception made is in favor of "works of necessity or charity." The penalties for violating these statutes against doing "common la-bor" or pursuing one's "ordinary call-ing," range in the various States all the way from a fine of one dollar to a fine of one thousand dollars, but in most of the States the fines range between ten and fifty dollars. And in the State where the highest fine is prescribed it is provided in addition that "imprisonment not to exceed six months, to work in the chain-gang on the public works, or on such other works as the county authorities may employ the chain-gang, not to exceed twelve months, and any one or more of these punishments may be ordered in the discretion of the judge" ! This is the penalty to which "any tradesman, artifi-cer, workman, or laborer, or other per-son whatsoever, who shall pursue their business or work of their ordinary call-ings" at any time during a period of twenty-four hours each week, which the law arbitrarily undertakes to "protect" from such "crimes," is liable to-day in one of the great commonwealths of the American nation ! The other day a man was arraigned in the county court at Malden, Mass., un-der an indictment charging that he "un-lawfully did labor and work, the same not being a work of necessity or charity," it being arbitrarily alleged and assumed that the labor and work done was "against the peace of said Commonwealth [Massachusetts]." The evidence did not show that the public peace had been dis-turbed, but it did show conclusively that on a specified day the accused was "on a 