'348 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY from passion for the truth is noble by the side of it. The other kind of tol-erance approximates the large patience of God. It has looked so deep that it has realized how great the unity of belief is even in divergence. It is humble  enough to mistrust its own infallibility, and has respect for the personality and thoughts of others. It values truth pro-foundly, but it also values freedom as the only safe road to the truth.ŠSunday School Times. The Government and the Vatican Again By the Editor N THE February SENTINEL we called I attention to' rumors which had but then recently emanated from Rome to the effect that a representative of the American Government was soon to be accredited to the Vatican, and also the emphatic denial of the same which dis-patches from Washington declared had been made by Government officials. But from what now appears it is evident that those rumors were not entirely without foundation. While the Government is not to send to the Vatican a permanent representa-tive, it appears now that it is to send to RomeŠ"to the Sovereign Pontiff"Ša special commission. For upwards of a month past this has not only been printed in the newspapers, but seems to have been taken as a certainty by those mediums of public information which are not in the habit of giving credence to news that is not pretty well substantiated, and espe-cially not to news of this sort. Several weeks ago The Independent expressed it-self as being glad to be able to announce that the course urged by it some months ago as the one that should be taken in the settlement of the question of the friars and their possessions in the Philippines, would be taken by the Government, though "perhaps with a little hesitation, through fear of stirring up the preju-dices of some whose antipathy to Rome  is as red as a cardinal's hat." This plan was the purchase and sale by the Gov-ernment of the lands of the friars, and the sending by the Government of a com-mission to "headquarters" to negotiate concerning the matter "with the author-ity which controls the friars and their possessions"Šthe Pope and his advisers. That the plans for the sending of this commission have been quite thoroughly perfected is apparent from the following which we quote from The Independent's editorial, which, as we have said, was published several weeks ago : We are assured that Mr. Taft, Governor-General of the Philippines, will soon return to Manila by way of Rome, and will there confer and arrange for the purchase of the friars' lands. And it is reported on authority prob-ably correct, although we do not vouch for it, that on this mission Mr. Taft will be assisted by Bishop O'Gorman, formerly of Washington Catholic University, and now of Sioux Falls, S. Dak., and Judge Smith, of San Francisco. . . . After due consideration with Mr. Taft himself, the President and the Secretary of War judged this to be the wisest course to be taken by them, and, in consequence, Mr. Taft will shortly after Easter leave for Rome to present the whole matter to the Sovereign Pontiff. . . . But this commission does not mean, of course, any establishment of a permanent lega-tion. That would be impossible and quite in-consistent with our definite policy of a separa-tion of church and state. . . . In this case we have to do with a business proposition, to 