600 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY other countries and of his own, so much of the history of men's attempts in the way of government, as shall enable him to understand at least the principles of this government which he is to help to manage. He should be taught to know what a republic means, what liberty means, what are the possibilities of self-government, the cost of this freedom which we have attained. He ought to understand these things, so that he may enter upon his duties intelligently, soberly, and with the ability to determine what is best and what is impossible, what ought to be done and how it ought to be at-tempted. If any think I am confining my at-tention too much to the boys, it is because I am talking about the voters. As yet, the women are not voters. If they were, the same principle would apply to them as to the boys. What is the third thing? Every boy ought to be taught the fundamental prin-ciples of right and wrong. Can this be done without teaching religion ? Some religionists tell you it cannot ; but let us see a moment. How is it that men have learned that it is not right to kill ; that it is not right to steal; that it is not right to lie; that it is not right to covet, not right to envy, to hate? How is it that men have discovered the fundamental principles of ethics, of right and wrong? Has it been by any revelation, or has it rather been as the result of human ex-perience? Men have learned the funda-mental principles of right and wrong by trying to live and get along together, just as naturally as they have learned what articles are wholesome to eat and what are not. This is proved beyond any sort of question in the face of any re-ligious controversy by this fact :Šthat all over the world, in every land where you find people arrived at a certain stage of social and political progress, you find sub-stantially the same ethical principles rec- ognized and acted upon. Just as, for example, when you reach a certain alti-tude above the level of the sea, whether in North America or South, in Europe, Asia, or Africa, you find substantially the same kind of trees and shrubs and growths of one kind or anotherŠnot identical, but substantially the same kind Šso, wherever you reach a certain alti-tude of social and political experience on the part of men, you find substantially the same ideas of right and wrong. These, then, have been wrought out as the result of human experience; and they can be taught without reference to any particular religion or any sect in Christendom, just as well as the funda-mental principles of astronomy or geology can be taught. And these ought to be taught in the public schools. You cannot control the development, possibly, of a pupil's character ; but you can teach him the principles of right and wrong, so that after he goes out into society and begins to play his part as a man, if he goes wrong, he shall do it with his eyes open and be responsible for it. That is all that the state can do in the matter. Three things, then, the public school ought to concentrate its attention upon : training the child so far as possible into an ability to earn his own living honestly ; training him in such a way that he can be an intelligent citizen of the republic and cast an intelligent vote; training him in regard to the fundamental principles of right and wrong, so that he may know the right way, whether he chooses to walk in it or not. A Popular Demand To-day for Religious Teaching in the Public Schools So the interest of the state is simply in having the child trained into fitness for good citizenship. But, as I have said, it is very difficult for people to get free of their traditions ; and the religious tra-dition, the religious prejudice, is the last one ever to be overcome. Why? Be- 