EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 487 who attend the games go if not to see them? Surely, to be out in an open field with God's blue sky above them and comparatively few temptations around, is better than Coney Island, with its allurements to evil. Let us be careful in deciding this question. Ł " The Church of Rome alone of all the religious bodies in Christendom furnishes an international episode of the first polit-ical rank when the reigns of its pontiffs culminate in death," says the Springfield Republican. The Church of Rome is the only religious body in Christendom which assumes to and exercises political power in all the nations of Christendom. This is why a change of rulers with it is " an international episode of the first political rank." Such would not be the case if the Church of Rome would confine her-self to the work that is proper for a church. O " To-day the Catholic Church is uni-versally admitted to be in the van of humanity's forward march," declares Archbishop Ireland. This may be " uni-versally admitted," but it is not so. In the rear of humanity's forward march is where the Catholic Church is to-day and has been for a good many centuries. Whatever progress humanity has made it has had to make in spite of the Papacy. If the Catholic Church is in the van of humanity's forward march to-day, then it must be that humanity has reversed the direction of its march. O According to press dispatches the ob-sequies of the Pope were to be " a series of pageants, grand, sombre, and spec-tacularŠfiner, perhaps, than the world has ever known." On each of the suc-ceeding nine days the ceremonies were " to grow more imposing, grander and more beautiful." For three days those who wished could " kiss the slippered feet of the dead pontiff," the body being arranged for that purpose. " It is said that when he was first ele-vated to the Papal chair Pope Leo sent a special envoy to the excommunicated Old Catholic, Dr. Dollinger, with the mes-sage, ' Come back, for there is another Pope.' Yes,' answered the clear-sighted and resolute theologian, ' but the same Papacy.' " That was a wise answer. A change of Popes does not change the Pa-pacy. Ł " It is a singular fact that every Amer- ican priest thus far who has been ap-pointed to high ecclesiastical position in the Philippines has taken pains to be con-secrated in Rome rather than in this country," says the Springfield Repub-lican, which thinks it not improbable that " there is some special reason for this." O In this issue appears the second of the series of the articles by W. A. Colcord. The first was printed in our issue of June 18, and was entitled, Principles Too Little Understood." We regret this break in the publication of the articles, but, as stated before, each is complete in itself. " There is not now, and there never has been, anything which under the name of a church or ' the Church ' has the right, or ever had the right, to represent itself as the sole medium of the divine grace and the authorized interpreter of the good will of God to men." O " The Mighty Power of Catholicism," is the heading placed over an article on the Church of Rome in a leading New York newspaper. It is the power of the Papacy that is now standing out pre-eminently. She is returning to world supremacy. O " Judging from the interest evinced by the American press in the illness of Pope Leo XIII., there can be no doubt that the Papacy is still a great religious, social, and political force in the world," says the Literary Digest. 