EDITORIAL 153 Me Sae§mell @ C0088 BSTBAR1 IS111321277 Set for the defense of human rights from the standpoint of Christianity. The only periodical in the United States wholly abated to exposing and opposing the increasing movements and tendencies of the present t.me which either directly atm at or logically tend to the employment of the power of law in the domain of conscience, in subversion of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLE, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matter at the New York Postoffice. (See close of reading matter for terms of subscription, etc.) DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES. We believe in the religion taught by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil govern-ment, and submitting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil govern-ment to legislate on religious questions. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege of every man to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to op-pose and prevent religious legislation, to the end that every individual may enjoy the inestimable blessings of liberty. VOI.. 17. FEBRUARY, 1902. No. 3. The soul has no sovereign but God. Sacred regard for human rights is a Christian virtue. Every self-appointed trustee of God is an embezzler of the rights of men. The right to observe the Sabbath does not carry with it the right to compel its observance by others. To assume to control the conduct of men in matters of religion, is to assume mastership of the soul; which is but to assume to exalt one's self above the Cre-ator of the soul. The duty of Sabbath observance no man has a right to enforce upon an-other ; but the right of Sabbath observ-ance it is the duty of every man to re-spect and protect in other . The moral lawŠthe duties which men owe to their CreatorŠcannot be incor-porated into civil legislation because it is immutable and irrepealable, while civil legislation is both mutable and re-pealable. If the state has the right to legislate upon and to enforce the moral law, it has the right to abolish the moral law ; for the state dominates in the sphere in which it legislates, and it may alter and repeal every statute that it enacts. The man who declares that the pro-tection of his right in a certain thing, whether it be Sabbath-keeping, or what-ever it may be, requires the sacrifice of the rights of any other man in any re-spect, simply declares that he is claim-ing as a right that which is no right at all. Every human being has a right to ex-pect from the authority which com-mands him in the sphere of morals suffi-cient moral power to enable him to obey such commands. The authority which cannot supply this power has no right to command men in the sphere of morals. And this is why civil govern-ment .cannot be, and only God can be, the moral Legislator and Governor of mankind. Ł 