CHICAGO, OCTOBER 5, 1900. VOLUME 15. NUMBER 39. "Yang man hear mg words; and believe not; !fudge Inn? notrb US Christ THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel.) PUBLISHED WEEKLY AT 324 DEARBORN STREET, CHICAGO, ILL., BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, - $1.o; L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN, - Editors. MERE good intentions are no hinderance to the outgrowth of despotism. ot THERE is no man on earth or set of men good enough to be intrusted with arbitrary power. fJ4 HE is the least fitted for self-government who has the least regard for the dictates of conscience. THE platform of the Christian's party, as defined in Scripture, is " the commandments of God and the faith of Jesus." IF a person has no natural right to civil liberty it can not logically be claimed that he has any right to religious liberty. .24 THE character of a scheme of government is to be judged not by the good things that may be pro-bable, but by the evil things that may be possible, under it. A REPUBLIC which undertakes to enforce the "will of God" upon its own or any other people, is essentially the same as a government in which kings or czars give their commands by "divine right." ot As the gospel, with its teaching of the brother-hood of all men, is the strongest defender of human rights, so a false system of religion, which puts des-potism in the place of love, is the strongest enemy of such rights. THE RIGHT TO THINK. IT may seem the tamest of platitudes to assert a truth so self-evident as that every person has the right to think; yet, looking at the logical deductions.  based upon this axiomatic truth, it is evident that in the practices of men its truth is far from being uni-versally conceded. The right to think is the logical .starting point of liberty and the logical stopping point of despotism. The gospel is the strongest advocate of man's right to think. It asserts the right not only as a right, but as a duty. It points man to faithŠthe individual exercise of belief withotit regard to any other manŠas the only means of salvation. It shows him, further, that " faith without works is dead." The religious system known as the Papacy de-nies that man can be saved through his own belief independently of the belief of others, but declares that men must accept the word of salvation as un-derstood by pope and prelate and as received from tradition. This is to deny man's right to think for himself; and this right being denied, it follows of 