SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 317 This act was superseded by that of Septem-ber 25, 1786, which is substantially the same in title and terms, so far as relates to Sunday, as the act of 1794, and in both of these acts " any worldly employment or liusiness whatsoever," instead of " business or work of their ordinary calling," is the thing forbidden. It will be ob-served that with this slight change the act of 1794 is in almost precisely the same language as that of the statute of Charles II, passed in 1667, and that first passed in Pennsylvania in 1705, and leaves no doubt that they were passed out of regard for and in deference to the pre-vailing religious sentiment of a majority of the Christians of the State, and not as was de-cided in Specht vs. Commonwealth. However, no matter how much any one may differ with the reasoning of the judges or the conclusion of the court in that case, it remains substantially as the law laid down by the high-est judicial authority in the State, and, applying the principle of "Stare decisis,' I must con-sider the contention of the defendants upon this  point against them, and decline to find as a matter of law that the act does not contravene the third section of Article I of the Constitu-tion. So Magistrate Gorman makes it clear that he holds the Sunday law td be con-stitutional merely on the authority of the State supreme court, and not because he agrees with the reasoning or conclu-sion of that court in the matter. The way in which he handles the matter indi-cates that he agrees thoroughly with the contention that the law is unconstitu-tional because of its religious character, and that he would have so decided had not the supreme court ruled otherwise. We intended to comment at greater length upon the decision, but it is necessary to postpone further comment until later. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. O On April 16 a bill providing for the Sunday' closing of theatres throughout the State was pending in the upper house of the Michigan legislature. On March 28 " all dealers in wares and merchandise " in Marlin, Texas, were notified by a constable " that here-after the laws regulating the sale of goods on Sunday will be enforced." It was reported from La Crosse, Wis., on April to that " the trades unions have invoked the law to enforce Sunday closing and promise a campaign that will close La Crosse up tight and enforce the blue laws." O Three members of,  the Bayside Athletic Club, of Bayonne, N. J., were arrested  on May 3 for playing baseball on Sunday. " Ex-Judge Thomas F. Noonan, their counsel, says the club has as much right to play baseball on Sunday on its own grounds as any man has to play billiards in his own home." A test case was to be made of the matter. At Elizabeth, N. J., on May 5, " Su-preme Court Justice Van Sickel charged the grand jury on Sunday baseball." After " directing the public prosecutor to observe whether the law was violated in this respect " on the following Sunday, " he told the jurors that if it were he would on Monday ask them to indict the heads of the police department and every policeman whose duty it is to see that the law is not violated." " Baseball enthusiasts assert that if Sunday ball is 