458 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Hint Heb. 9:28. And when He shall appear in His glory then will His people also appear in glory, both those who have died in faith and also " we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord." I Thess. 4 :15. Then will the kingdom of God become a visible kingdom of glory. Then, and not before, will " the kingdoms of this world become the kingdoms of our Lord and His Christ." Rev. 11 :15. But when Christ takes the kingdoms of this world, it is to " dash them in pieces like a potter's vessel." Ps. 2: 8, 9. The actual scene which this earth will present when Christ comes to set up his visible kingdom will be that of " the beast, and the kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against Him [Christ] that sat on the horse, and against His army." Rev. 19:19. And the outcome is that the former are de-stroyed before Him. Verses 20, 21. Christ's kingdom must be a kingdom of righteousness, and every subject of it must be holy. Now is the time to pre-pare for citizenship in that kingdom. All men now have an opportunity to repent and be saved from sin, and to become by faith the subjects of the kingdom of grace, upon the throne of which Christ now sits. All who will not now make this preparation through the means that are graciously supplied cannot have a part in that righteous kingdom, that kingdom of true Christian citizenship.  Sin must finally be removed from God's universe, and all who cling to it will be destroyed in the coming day of reckoning when the Nobleman returns from the far country to reward every one according to his work. Luke 19:27. There is indeed an hour coming when Christ will be crowned King, not king of this world, for this world will have passed away, but King of that new earth which is to take its place. And that will be when all the righteous ones of every age shall have been gath-ered out from all nations, the work of salvation completed, and the redeemed ones forever freed from the power of sin and death. Then in the pres-ence of the redeemed and the host of heaven the crown that far outshines all crowns will be placed upon the head of the Son of God, but not by human hands. He will not be crowned by those mis-guided ones who have thought to make Him this world's king by their own vain methods, but in God's own appointed time and way, of that new earth " wherein dwelleth righteousness " and which will be the eternal inheritance of the saints. How vain and insignificant are the schemes of men to usher in " through the gateway of ponies " the glorious king-dom of God. Let us not join in such vain of forts. Let us not be participants in any mock coronation of Jesus Christ. Not by the decisions of courts or coun-cils or legislative assemblies, not by the patronage of worldly great men, is the kingdom of Christ established, but by the implanting of Christ's nature in hu-manity through the work of the Holy Spirit.... Now, as in Christ's day, the work of God's kingdom lies not with those who are clamoring for recognition and support by earthly rulers and human laws, but with those who are declaring to  the people in his name those spiritual truths that will work in the receivers the experience of Paul : " I am crucified with Christ : nevertheless I live ; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me."ŠMrs. E. G. White. Ł The keeping of the Sabbath is eminent-ly a moral duty, and hence it must be a voluntary service, rendered under pres-sure of moral suasives only.ŠBinney's "Theological Compendium." 