THE DECLARATIONÑAS IT WAS REGARDED  489 accepted as the dominant policy of the nation. The logic of Calhoun was as flawless as usual, when he concluded that the chief obstruction in the way of his system was the preamble in the Declara-tion of Independence. Had it not been for the inviolable sacredness given by it to those sweeping aphorisms about the nat-ural rights of man, it may be doubted whether Calhoun might not have won over an immense majority of the Ameri-can people to the support of his compact and plausible scheme for making slavery the basis of the Republic. It was the preamble of the Declaration of Independ-ence which elected Lincoln, which sent forth the Emancipation Proclamation, which gave victory to Grant, which rati-fied the Thirteenth Amendment. We shalltnot here attempt to delineate the influence of this state paper upon mankind in general. Of course the emergence of the American Republic as an imposing world-power is a phenome- non which has now for many years at-tracted the attention of the human race. Surely, no slight effect must have re-sulted from the fact that among all civil- ized peoples the one American document best known is the Declaration of Inde-pendence, and that thus the spectacle of so vast and beneficent a political success has been everywhere associated with the assertion of the natural rights of man. "The doctrines it contained," said Buckle, "were not merely welcomed by a majority of the French nation, but even the government itself was unable to withstand the general feeling." "Its ef-fect in hastening the aproach of the French Revolution . . . was indeed remarkable." Elsewhere, also, in many lands, among many peoples, it has been cited again and again as an inspiration to political courage, as a model for politi-cal conduct; and if, as the brilliant his-torian just alluded to has affirmed, "that noble Declaration . . . ought to be hung up in the nursery of every king, and blazoned on the porch of every royal palace," it is because it has become the classic statement of political truths which must at last abolish kings alto-gether, or else teach them to identify their existence with the dignity and hap-piness of human nature. In the clamorous defense of "the honor of the army," which no responsible pub-lic man has attacked, it is apparently for-gotten that not a single charge of "water-cure" torture, of the burning of Filipino towns or of massacre of Filipino people, or of any other kind of cruelty or severity inflicted upon them, has come to the knowledge of the American people ex-cept by the statements, official despatches, or sworn testimony of American army officers or of American civil officials in the islands. Not one charge of any kind against the acts of our agents, military or civil, in the Philippines, rests on the statement of a Filipino "insurgent" or "rebel." We have waged war on them  for nearly three years, killed them by thousands, driven them from their burn-ing homes, and caused uncounted thou-sands of them to die from exposure, star-vation and diseaseÑbut we have never once given them or their accredited rep-resentatives a hearing. They asked to be ¥ heard at Paris before the treaty of peace that conveyed them to us was signed, and were refused. They sent commissioners to Washington to ask a hearing by Presi-dent McKinley, and again were refused. As President Schurman has said, we have never yet told the Filipinos what we want of them, and we have never yet given them a chance to say what they want of us.ÑNew York World. 