THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY.  697 The disorders and miseries which result gradually in- D. C., that in Alaska grants of money and live stock cline the minds of men to seek security and repose in the are being systematically paid to Protestant missions absolute power of an individual, and sooner or later the in Alaska through the Rev. Sheldon Jackson. Alaska chief of some prevailing faction, more able or more for- stands in relation to the United States in much the tunate than his competitors, turns this disposition to the same position as the Indian Territories. Recently purposes of his own elevation on the ruins of public liberty. it was stated, publicly and emphatically, that the " Without looking forward to an extremity of Government had once for all made up its mind that this kind (which nevertheless ought not to be en- no more money would be paid to contract schools tirely out of sight) the common and continual mis- of any denomination, and it has rigidly carried out chiefs of the spirit of party are sufficient to make it its stern decree in regard to the unhappy Catholic the interest and duty of a wise people to discourage Indians. and restrain it."  "As for those who are not Catholics, so far as their "It serves always to distract the public councils material interests are concerned, they are in no way and enfeeble the public administration. It agitates affected by the decision. Practically the change of the community with ill-founded jealousies and false policy means the coerion of the Indians to accept alarms; kindles the animosities of one part against the Ptotestant religion or starve. The methods by another; foments occasionally riot and insurrection. which this insidious scheme' is being worked are It opens the door to foreign influence and corrup- graphically described in a number of letters now tion, which finds a facilitated access to the govern- given to the world in the November issue of the ment itself through the channels of party passion. Messenger of the Sacred Heart. One of them tells how Thus the policy and the will of one country are sub- in a certain agency nineteen public schools have jected to the policy and will of another.  been erected under covei of being non-sectarian. "There is an opinion that parties in free coun- All these are simply Protestant schools, and open tries are useful checks upon the administration of and undisguised Protestant teaching is given in the government and serve to keep alive the spirit of some. This is exemplified in the fact that Bibles liberty. This within certain limits is probably true; are being given in them by Protestant clergymen and in governments of a monarchical cast patriotism and the children are being compulsorily baptized in may look with indulgence, if not with favor, upon the the Protestant faith, even against their protests. spirit of party. But in those of the popular character,  "These flagrant violations both of the Constitu- in governments purely elective, it is a spirit not to be tion and the Government's stern declarations against encouraged. From their natural tendency it is cer- the sectarian principle are being perpetrated under tain there will always be enough of that spirit for circumstances which make the proselytism a thou-every salutary purpose; and there being constant sand. fold more intolerable and galling. In the fact danger of excess the effort ought to be by force of that it is the Indians' own money that is being util-public opinion to mitigate and assuage it. A fire ized to paganize or Protestantize them is found the not to be quenched, it demands a uniform vigilance to very cynicism of arbitrary wrong. The Indians in prevent its bursting into a flame lest, instead of warn- some of those places have petitioned that their ing, it should consume."ÑFrom the Farewell Address of children be sent to Catholic schools and the expense George' Washington, September 17, 1796. Vide The be deducted from the allowance made to them, Messages and Papers of the Presidents by Hon. James D. under covenant, in lieu of the lands they handed Richardson, of Tennessee, vol. I, pp, 213 et seq. over to the Government. But these petitions the PERCY T. MAGAN. rigidly impartial State Department has stoically (Continued next week.)  refused. The Indians must not do as they please .4.  4.   with their own money, but must have it bestowed as CATHOLIC INDIAN SCHOOLS.  martinets in Washington and in Congress wish. " Meanwhile the pall of starvation hangs over the This article which we reprint verbatim, including the Catholic schools. Nothing more pitiable than the heading, from the Catholic Standard and Times of the present condition of the schools thus left dere-Philadelphia, shows most conclusively that the lict ever appealed to the hearts of the just and mer-question of Catholic Indian Schools is not settled. ciful. The teaching staffs in many cases are in a  s Depend upon it, we shall very soon hear more upon state of absolute famine, and the few poor Indian  this subject. The Standard's article is as follows:  charges whom they have left suffer the pangs of  hunger as well. The children pine under 'half "Non-Sectarianism Spells Protestantism.  rations,' while the religious who teach them half " Recently we showed by the terms of official re- starve themselves in order to spare their slender ports from the Bureau of Education, Washington, store for their more tender charges. Think of it: 