to THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ing to Clement now a tenth, now a twen-tieth part of their revenues, assembled at the university [of Paris] and appointed fifty-four doctors to decide upon steps to be taken to re-establish union in the Church, and in order, as they said ' to have but one pope to fatten.' "ŠDe Cor-menin. THE UNIVERSITY OF PARIS ARRAIGNS THE PAPACY The doctors of the university, after faithfully considering the situation, is: sued the following letter : The Church has fallen into contempt, servi-tude, and poverty. Two popes elevate to prela-cies only unworthy and corrupt ministers, who have no sentiments of equity or shame, and who think only of satiating their passions. They rob the property of the widow and the orphan at the same time that they are despoil-ing churches and monasteries. Sacred or pro-fane, nothing comes amiss to them, provided they can extract money from it. Religion is for them a mine of gold, which they work to the last vein. They sell everything from bap-tism to burial. They traffic in pyxes, crosses, chalices, sacred vases, and the shrines of the saints. One can obtain no grace, no favor, without paying for it. It is not the worthiest, but the richest who obtain ecclesiastical digni-ties. He who gives money to the pope can sleep in safety, though he may have murdered his own father ; for he is assured of the protec-tion of the Church. Simony is publicly exer-cised, and they sell with effrontery to the high-est and last bidder dioceses, prebends, or ben-efices. Thus do the princes of the Church.  What shall we say of the lower clergy, who no longer administer the sacraments but for gold? What shall we say of the monks, whose morals are more corrupt than those of the inhabitants of ancient Sodom? It is time, illustrious prince, that you should put an end to this deplorable schism, proclaim the freedom of the Gallican Church, and limit the power of the pontiffs.ŠId. This letter was sent by ambassadors to Pope Clement at Avignon. The ambas-sadors secured a full conclave of the car-dinals, with the pope present, to whom they read the letter in full. After the reading the ambassadors presented the request of the king and the university to ,Clement, to renounce the pontificate. At this Clement sprang from his seat, grabbed the document, tore it to pieces, and trampled it under his feet. He ap-pealed to the cardinals to know what pun-ishment was fitting for those who had used such language as that in the letter. The cardinals surprised him by saying that the counsel offered by the university was worthy of serious consideration; that all the resources for gathering means had been exhausted, and their sup-ply of money was falling off. This only increased his rage. He reproached them with traitorous cowardice, and, in his rage, left the council and retired to his chamber, where his excessive anger threw him into apoplexy, from which he died the third day afterward. The Late Annual Gathering of the Wisconsin "Reform" Forces By H. W. Weed, Oshkosh, Wis. CDMMENCING on Monday ever. ing, November 17, and ending on the following Wednesday evening, two conventions were held in Baraboo, Wis., in the interests of reform by federation and legislation. One of these was the  fifth annual convention of the " Wiscon-sin Federation of Reforms," and the other was the twelfth annual convention of the " Wisconsin Sunday Rest Day Association." The two conventions were virtually one. The programs of both 