THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ing an action of this kind, and as no one particularly felt like challenging an opposition to it, that those who were in favor of it carried it through with-out opposition. It is known to all that one or more active advocates of any measure can, by their influence, carry such measure through a body when a number of indifferent ones would pas-sively consent rather than actively op-pose the same." " But does it not seem to you signifi-cant that the grand jury should declare its opinion in this matter so clearly and decisively? " " Let me refer on the other hand to the board of managers of our Sabbath Association, forty-eight in number, to the divisions of our city, nearly one hun-dred in number, to hundreds of minis-ters and hundreds of thousands of Christian people in our city and State who stand in one solid rank against any such movement or proposition. We can hardly understand how it is possible for men of the character such as should compose a grand jury to go so far out of their way as to criticise law-abiding men when they protect their own rights by enforcing a law which protects them." And so the first and foremost thought in Mr. Mutchler's mind with regard to the action of the grand jury was that no man "who voted for this pre-sentment is a Christian." In this Mr. Mutchler showed that the first and foremost purpose of the work of "law" enforcement in which he and his asso-ciates have been engaged, and for which they have received a well-deserved re-buke from the grand jury, was a relig-ious, a "Christian," purpose. And he did not leave in doubt the specific relig-ious, "Christian," purpose for which he and his associates have been employ-ing the police courts of Philadelphia. It has been to prevent "a disregard of the Sabbath day," to enforce "the ob- servance of the Sabbath." And the purpose of Mr. Mutchler and his asso- ciates in this matter is the purpose of all clergymen and religious people who  engage in the work of Sunday-law en-forcement, no matter what they may say their purpose is. Mr. Mutchler "cannot conceive of any Christian al-lowing himself to favor a disregard of the Sabbath day," andŁ therefore he knows that the grand jurymen who disapprove of his Sunday-enforcement crusade of oppression and persecution are not Christians ! The trouble with Mr. Mutchler is that he is too much imbued with the anti-Christian idea that the state owes it to Christians to compel other people to conform to their religious practises, at least in the mat-ter of "Sabbath" observance, and that it is the duty of Christians to have the state do this anti-Christian thing. An-other thing that is the matter with him is that he is too oblivious of the fact that a grand jury is not an eccle-siastical body, and that regard for or disregard for a religious observance is something that is of no concern what-ever to such a body. And still another thing that is the matter with Mr. Mutch-ler is that he imagines that about all there is of Christianity is comprised in a certain church-and-'state-established religious observance that in fact is no more a part and parcel of Christianity than is the worship of the sun. In giv-ing his idea of how it was that the grand jury came to take the action that it did, Mr. Mutchler lets us quite fully into the secret of how it is that there can be such a crusade as that which he and his associates have been engaging themselves in during the past year. The religious idea with respect to Sunday which moved them in this work is held by a great deal less than a minority of the people of this country to-day, and a still smaller proportion of the people are in favor of the en-forcement of the laws which this idea, ih the ignorance of former times and generations, has caused to become in- 