220 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY have their day, and yet they desire to change the law regarding Sunday. These people are all right in their hearts, but the trouble is in their mental condition. Rev. Mr. Bottsford, also representing the New England Sabbath (Sunday) Protective League, said : This bill is a radical reflection upon the customs and traditions of the past. I believe the majority must rule. Seventh-day Ad-ventists are a very small but respectable body. I have regard for their views, but of course I must hold up my own. The people of this community believe in holding to the first day of the week, and they comprise some 2,50o churches, as compared with twenty or thirty churches of those who are against it. The majority must rule. A Mr. Crumstead (we do not know whether or not he was a minister, but suppose he was) said: If the law is religious, please point it out. I cannot find it. The only terms that make it religious are the exceptions. We now have a uniform law with reference to the day of rest, and this bill would go against all that and abolish it. Labor comes up and asks for shorter hours; but the operation of this bill will be to give less time for home or for culture. Health and home must be sac-rificed on the altar of religious dogma and persecution. [What is meant here, we do not know.ŠEDITOR.] While those who are in favor of this bill are less than one-third of one per cent. of the people of the State, yet they want to ignore the ninety-nine and two-thirds per cent. who keep the Lord's day. The earlier apostles called Sunday the seventh day of the week, not the first day, as I could prove if I had time. This bill is injurious to health, and is a scheme to make converts. Mr. White, representing the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor, of Lowell, said : The affairs of the State should be managed systematically. How are we going to do that and have one employer observe Monday and another Saturday is a mystery to me. This bill ignores Christ in its first section. Can you conceive of any reason why they want the law changed? I have thought that perhaps it was too religious for them, but since I came here'perhaps I would not think that. This bill is not patriotic. We all admire  Plymouth Rock, and would defend it and the principles and traditions for which it stands_ This bill is too great an alteration of our laws._ It is a great opening to foreigners. It will mix the State's affairs up beyond question to have this bill pass the legislature. One might hold to one day and another might hold to another day. Do not allow the Sab-bath held to by a majority of the citizens of the United States to be changed or influenced by these people.who constitute only one-third of one per cent. of the people of this Commonwealth. The poor Adventists, whose " trou-ble," Mr. Kneeland assures us, " is in their mental condition," can certainly console themselves with the reflection that they are not the only people thus afflicted. 'It is difficult to believe that in this age and in this country, in one of the most enlightened of American com-monwealths, there can be found persons of seeming intelligence who will stand up among other persons of intelligence and deliberately argue upon the assump-tion that a matter of religious belief and practise is an affair of the state, and will declare in so many words that in case of division regarding the matter the majority must rule and the minority must yield, and this for no other reason than that the majority is the majority and the minority is the minority ; and" who can see nothing but " a dog-in-the-manger spirit " and " a scheme to make converts " in the effort of a minority to-free themselves from the oppressive dic-tation of the majority and to secure for all equality before the law. But evident-ly there are such representatives of the Dark Ages among usŠpeople who think the last word has been said with regard" to a question of religious legislation when once it has been ascertained that it is in the interests of the religion of the majority, and who cannot comprehend' that there can be any possible objection to legislation favoring, supporting, and.  enforcing a religious observance in which a majority of the people believe, except 