EDITORIAL 429 referred to the Committee on the District of Columbia. The bill reads as follows : Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of Amer-ica in Congress assembled, That it shall not be lawful for any person to keep open any place of business or maintain a stand for the sale of any articles of profit during Sunday, excepting vendors of books or newspapers, and apothecaries for the dispensing of medi-cines, and undertakers for the purpose of pro-viding for the dead, or others for the purposes of charity or necessity ; nor shall any public playing of football, or any other kind of play-ing, sports, pastimes, or diversions disturbing the peace and quiet of the day be practised by any person or persons within the District of Columbia on Sunday ; nor shall any building operations or work upon railroad construction be lawful upon said day ; and for any violation of this Act the person offending shall, for each offense, be liable to a fine of not less than five dollars nor more than fifty dollars, and in case of corporations there shall be a like fine for every person employed in violation of this Act laid upon the corporation offending. SEC. 2. That it shall be a sufficient defense to a prosecution for labor on the first day of the week that the defendant uniformly keeps another day of the week as a day of rest, and that the labor complained of was done in such a manner as not to interrupt or disturb other persons in observing the first day of the week as a day of rest. This Act shall not be con-strued to prevent the sale of refreshments other than malt or spirituous liquors, or to prevent the sale of malt and spirituous liquors as now provided for by law, or tobacco, cigars, railroad and steamboat tickets, or the collec-tion and delivery of baggage. Thus Congress is again confronted with the opportunity to commit itself to the same evil principle of religious legis-lation in behalf of which it has been imŁ portuned so much in the last dozen years And this importuning heretofore has not been entirely without results, for Con-gress has not in these later years main-tained that position with regard to Sun-day legislation which it boldly and con-sistently took in 1829-3o with regard to the demands that the transportation of  the mails on Sunday be discontinued by act of Congress in the interests of Sun-day observance. But what was said then by the committees which reported on the subject is just as true now as it was then, and just as applicable to this bill intro-duced by Senator Dillingham as it was to those petitions for legislation to stop the mails on Sundays. It is hard to make a selection from those noble reports, for every sentence is important, but among others here are some which should be considered in connection with this new Sunday bill: Congress acts under a Constitution of dele-gated and limited powers. The committee look in vain to that instrument for a delega-tion of power authorizing this body to inquire and determine what part of time, or whether any, has been set apart by the Almighty for religious exercises. On the contrary, among the few prohibitions which it contains, is one that prohibits a religious test, and another that declares that Congress shall pass no law respecting the establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. If Congress shall, by the authority of law, sanction the measure recommended, it would constitute a legislative decision of a religious controversy in which even Christians them-selves are at issue. However suited such a decision may be to an ecclesiastical council, it is incompatible with a republican legislature, which is purely for political, and not for re-ligious, purposes. If the principle is once established that re-ligion, or religious observances, shall be inter-woven with our legislative acts, we must pursue it to its ultimatum. We shall, if con-sistent, provide. for the erection of edifices for worship of the Creator, and for the support of Christian ministers. Although it was reported from Wash-ington that this bill was approved by the Central Labor Union of that city, before its introduction in the Senate, it is not difficul to discover the real forces be- hind it. Senator Dillingham is a mem-ber of the executive committee of the New England Sabbath (Sunday) Pro- 