110  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY that while there is a city ordinance under which Sunday golf might be prevented, the authorities have made no effort to enforce it against golf playing, and the matter has been left to the golf clubs themselves to decide. This is most cer-tainly a novel way of dealing with the matter of Sunday golf in these days when there are so many people who desire to have golf playing on Sunday treated as a crime, and when it is the almost uni-versal practise to decide all questions re-lating to Sunday observance by legisla-tion ; but is it not the right way to deal with such matters ? The Real Sentiment Upon Which Sunday Legislation Rests The following communication, ad-dressed to the editor of the New York Evening Post by a subscriber in Massa-chusetts, is such a frank disclosure by a friend of .Sunday legislation of the real sentiment that underlies such legislation, and shows so plainly what is "the first and main consideration" in the minds of religious people regarding the repeal of the Sunday law applying to saloons, that we print it entire : "Sir: Usually when religious declen-sions begin to prevail, their first form of manifestation is in increasing desecra-tions of the Lord's day. These Sabbath violations are both the cause and effect of religious declensions. They grow out of a diminished vital force of the Chris-tian religion in the public heart, and then the examples of Sabbath desecration multiply around us, harden the heart, and stupefy the conscience. "There are special causes now at work to break the force of the law of the Sab-bath. The controversy in which the people of New York are involved causes  in itself a disturbance of the order and salutary usages of society. Indeed, the whole controversy throws our whole so-ciety into a commotion which multiplies occasions and temptations for Sabbath-breaking on every side. Of course, it is very true that with the saloon-keepers who desire to open their 'damnation shops,' in defiance of the law of God, the chief intent is money. They have not invested their funds and set their men at work with the purely malicious pur-pose of robbing the community of a Sabbath rest. They care little for the Sabbath either way, provided they can be well paid for its profanation. Yet it is all the same, in effect, as if the propo-sition for open saloons on the Sabbath. originated as a conspiracy to work so many fatal agencies to set aside the Sab-bath. In effect it is all the same as if the funds were invested with the single intent of demoralizing men and women to join in a host to trample the Sabbath down. If Satan himself had set on foot a work so adapted to enlist thousands in conflict with God's ordinance, and if he had given to the proposition his own name, with an open declaration that it is for the express purpose of Sabbath-breaking, we should then awake to the occasion for resistance. But in that case there would be no more occasion to re- ¥ sist. The work now in progress is as broad and as deadly as if Satan were the originator and chief engineer, declaring a single purpose to involve as many as possible in conflict with the Sabbath of the Lord. "It will be asked, What is the wrong and where is the evil of opening the sa-loons on the Sabbath? The first and main consideration against it is, that it is an express violation of our Lord's commandment, 'to remember the Sab- 