CONCERNING THE SENTINEL AND ITS WORK 9 that the paper is not by any means as well equipped and prepared as it has been in other years , to promptly and efficiently deal with the various mat-ters that are constantly arising in its special field,, and that should have prompt and adequate consideration, in its columns, but during 1904 it will en-deavor to do its work as efficiently as,  possible, and we, believe that that . will be better than it has been done dur-ing the past year. In view of the limited space for matter and the fact that the great majority of the readers of the paper are themselves thoroughly acquainted with and well able to apply the principles for which it stands, and to appreciate and understand the sig-nificance of facts and developments in-volving those principles, we believe that it is well to make the reporting and recording of such facts and de-velopments the principal function of the, paper at the present time, rather than the discussion and exposition of the principles, which have been so thor-oughly inculcated and applied in the past. The principles are few and plain, and if the facts in a given matter are understood, are easily applied. How-ever, we shall not neglect such com-ment and such statement and applica-tion of principles as the circumstances may . require. Not being able from week to week to keep abreast of all that arises in the field to which the paper is devoted, we find it necessary in order, to cover the ground in the long run to frequently devote a num-ber almost entirely to some particular matter, and so shall continue this plan that has been followed somewhat dur-ing the past year. Some topics that we have in mind for numbers in the near future are : "The Church-and-State Question in France," " The Church-and-State Question in England," "The Exemption of Church Property from  Taxation," "Calvin and Servetus : A Monument of Expiation," " Baptists and Religious Liberty," " National Reform' at the National Capital," etc. There will of course frequently occur developments to which numbers of the paper will have to be devoted, and of course such topics cannot be announced'  in advance.. The Sentinel will during 1904 watch closely for all developments in its special field, and will endeavor to keep its readers promptly and fully informed of them, and thus fulfil one of the most important functions which, as a sentinel, it is set to perform. As we have stated, The Sentinel Needs the attempts made Your Support to secure the enactŁ ment of a national Sunday law shortly after the establishment of The Sentinel aroused much interest in its work: Its circulation grew rapidly, and for a number of years was exceedingly grat-ifying. But gradually there has been a great decline, and now there is much need of building up the circulation of the paper again, not only for the sake of extending more widely its influence and usefulness in the special work which it is set to do, but for the sake of the financial interests of the paper itself. The organs of nearly all the organizations especially devoted to the lines of work which The 'Sentinel was established to oppose are not dependent for their support upon the subscriptions received, but are maintained by funds that are secured by constant solicita-tion on the part of representatives of each organization who are continually traveling here and there in the interests of its work. People are asked to con-tribute to the support of the organiza-tion and its, work, not to subscribe for its organ, and the donors become sub-scribers to the publication incidentally, it being sent them as a sort of acknowl- 