508 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. small minority, have no rights that anybody is bound to respect. But very fortunately rights attach to human beings and not to numbers. One man has just the same natural rights as a thousand men, and his rights are just as sacred and just as inalienable. A Jewish paper says: "The Paterson Young Men's Christian Association have imported what they call a converted rabbi, and invite the public to come to their hall and hear him tell how he was converted. Of course he tells a lot of other stuff about the Hebrew church. Naturally, the Hebrews, who are numerous and successful in Patterson, object to this procedure." We fail to see why the Hebrews should " object to this procedure." Certainly it is the privilege of any Jew, even though he be a rabbi, to become a Chris-tian if he wants to; and, having become a Christain, it is not only his privilege, but his duty to tell the reasons that impelled him to make the change. The vindictiveness exhibited by many Jews toward those who,  become Christians is not becoming in men who demand liberty of conscience for themselves. A Jew does not forfeit his rights of conscience by be-coming a Christian, neither does he cease to be a man. " THE little ray of humor," says the Springfield Re-publican," that sometimes penetrates the most:gloomy situation is furnished, in this time of anxiety over the great mystery in China, by the flight of Minister Wu in his automobile over the asphalt pavemerits of Wash-ington, bearing the precious dispatch announcing the safety of the ministers. Imagine the representative of a nation barbarous enough to murder the ministers of other powers operating an automobile !" In the same column and separated from it by only one note of seventeen lines, the Republican has this: "The right jingo spirit breaks out in a letter to the London Morning Post from its South African corre-spondent, Mr. Stuart, who writes: 'Again I had the joy of seeing the smoke of a rebel's house ascending.' Unfortunately the colonel of the regiment interfered with his joy: 'Greatly to our sorrow, he forbade any more burnings.' Mr. Stuart was a guest of Sir Al-fred Milner when he made his tour in the northern part of Cape Colony, and concludes that Sir Alfred `strikes terror into the hearts of the Dutch.'" Now why should it be thought any more strange that the representative of a nation capable of killing  the envoys of other nations, should use an auto-mobile than that the correspondent of a great London paper should deplore the fact that he and other highly "civilized" and even "Christianized" savages from a great "Christian nation" should not be permitted to burn houses over the heads of women and children? After all Western civilization is not so very many "laps" ahead of Eastern civilization; or at least that type of it represented by the Post's correspondent is but slightly removed from savagery. FIENDISH BARBARITY IN CHINA. STORIES of fiendish barbarity continue to come from China; and unfortunately they do not all tell of the cruelty of the Boxers. The most recent re-cital of acts of shameful savagery was telegraphed from San Francisco by the Associated Press, August 7, and purports to be the story told by Mrs. E. B. Drew, wife of the British commissioner of customs at Tien-Tsin, who arrived from the Orient on the transport Logan. She says: " During the bombardment we lived most of the time in the cellar of our house, which was partially wrecked by big shells. Sleep was out of the ques-tion most of the time, and so unstrung were we that little food satisfied us. There was ever present the haunting fear of, the Chinese triumphing and slaugtering every foreigner and convert. " Some, probably all, of the women were prepared to act in case the Chinese effected an entrance.. But it appears the allied officers were prepared to act. I did not know it at the time, but I under-stood that ten or twenty men had been detailed to kill all the foreign women in case the Chinese were the victors." " Mrs. Drew, with much indignation," says the dispatch, " then 'spoke of atrocities committed by Russian troops, saying: " They pillaged, looted, tortured and murdered right and left. There were many infants and chil-dren killed by bayonet thrusts. And many were tossed from bayonet points, only to be caught and again tossed time and again. There is ample evi-cence of these occurrences. "'And about the Chinese women. They were mistreated and murdered in house after house. It seemed as if nothing could stay the mad frenzy of these Russians. " Out from Tien-Tsin, along the Peiho and Yellow rivers, are numerous little villages. The Russians swept through the villages, destroying life and property. In these places they also tossed infants 