76o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY sirens in the harbor shrieked, and rockets and aerial bombs were exploded. But these were mere whispers compared with the volume of sound which burst forth when the American flag came down at ten minutes past twelve. . . . A roar which rolled over the entire city went up from the populace and like an echo came the distant boom of one of the great guns at the Cabanas fortress across the bay, the first of forty-five such detona-tions, one for every State in the Union. The American flag had been lowered at Cabanas and from Morro and the other forts around the city simultaneously with the one over the palace. Then all the bells in the city added to the din. Giant firecrackers were exploded until a pall of smoke arose over the city. All this was kept up for five minutes until the Cuban flag was hoisted. As it blew free over the palace and rose on the forts in view of the assembled thousands, the roar was redoubled again. The guns of the Cubans spoke this time with the national salute of twenty-one guns. The United States cruiser Brooklyn and the English and Italian warships in the har-bor set the flag of the new republic at the main and saluted it with twenty-one guns. The Cuban bands stationed on the plaza at Malacon, Morro, and other places in the city, blared forth in pride of their country, while the guns of the ships thundered the strength of war. But it was the demonstration of the people that overshadowed all the rest. Their vivas were like the roar of the ocean. They rose and fell. Women waved handkerchiefs, fans and parasols. Men jumped up and down for joy, and everybody embraced his neighbor. Tears flowed from many eyes but the shouting did not cease. The crowds shouted vivas for the United States, for Presi-dent Palma, for General Gomez, and for General Wood, and it was ten minutes  before the storm of sound began to sub-side and there was another wild roar as General Wood and the American officers left for the pier. . . . The demon-stration they received all along the route was remarkable and left no doubt of the gratitude and the good will of the Cubans towards the Americans. Dramatic as was the remarkable dem-onstration when the flag of the United States was lowered, and the flag of the new republic hoisted in its place at noon to-day on the palace from whence Spain had ruled the island for centuries, it was hardly more stirring than the mag-nificent friendly demonstration which at-tended the departure of the cruiser Brooklyn as she sailed out of Havana harbor. . . . A flotilla of harbor crafts loaded to the guards with people and dressed with bunting from stem to stern escorted her to sea. The water front was a solid mass of people, and the old fortifications at La Punta . . was a human hillock. . . . As be-came a commander, General Leonard Wood desired to be the last to leave. . . . As she passed the grim walls of Cabanas and Morro Castle the Brooklyn moved swiftly, the American flag at her fore and the Cuban flag at her main peak, sailors manning her sides and the flag at her stern dipping continually to the storm of vivas from .ashore and afloat. The Cuban colors on both fortresses were lowered three times in salute. . . . General Wood stood on the bridge and acknowledged the ovation he received by bowing and touching his cap. . . . The flotilla of small craft kept in the wake of the Brooklyn until she was hull down on the horizon, then the boats turned back and the people at the en-trance of the harbor returned to their jubilations. The enthusiasm in the city was bound-less. Many persons were literally mad 