HOW THE JEWS ARE OPPRESSED IN RUSSIA 345 completed by the Federal delegates, " Rev." T. Holme delivered a sermon in All Soul's Church, Leichhardt, Sydney, in which he said : If they had simply left the preamble as it is, and added no 15th* clause, one might have hoped better things; but this rr5th clause stamps the whole affair as irreligious, and positively dangerous in its present form. The Commonwealth must have a religion as a Com-monwealth, or it will not last. The Common-wealth must have power to set apart days of humiliation and thanksgiving, as well as show-ing proper reverence for the ford's day and Christian worship. The Commonwealth must deal with education, and in dealing with edu-cation it must recognise religion, for education  without religion is a proved failure. The Com-monwealth must deal with the observance of Sunday, because the established law of the land deals with it, and so it must recognize religion. The Commonwealth, as a Common-wealth, through its rulers, must make a def-inite profession of the Christian religion. On June 11, 1898, a deputation from the Minister's Union of Sydney, led, it appears, by Rev. H. Spear (Anglican), waited on the Premier of New South Wales and urged an amendment to this clause, leaving out the words, " for estab-lishing any religion, or imposing any re-ligious observance." How the Jews Are I N connection with the 'terrible outbreak of intolerance at Kishineff, Russia, which has so recently held the attention of the world and aroused the just indig-nation of all right-minded persons, it is well to call to mind the injustice and oppression which Russian intolerance habitually and systematically inflicts upon the JewsŠthe persecution which is in-flicted, not by spasmodic mobs, but by the regular administration of the laws. Speaking by request on the condition of the Jews in Russia at a mass-meeting in Pittsburg on March 18, Mr. S. H. Church said : Russia's harsh treatment of the Jew mani-fests itself in two waysŠfirst, in her sup-pression of his natural rights within her own territories, and, second, in the denial to him when he comes to her gates from other coun- Ł tries of that hospitality and right of domicile which she extends to other foreigners who are not Jews. Russia has among her own popula-tion between five millions and six millions of Jews, and because of the long centuries of oppression and ostracism which they have suf-fered a great many of them are perhaps not desirable subjects. These multitudes are required by the laws of Russia to live within a limited area called the pale, or ghetto, herded sometimes like cat- Ł tifith of the Constitution as finally adopted. Oppressed in Russia tle, under unsanitary conditions, which would send the pestilential spectre of death sweeping throughout the land did not the laws of Moses, to which they cling in their forlorn situation, protect them from such disease..  Within the limits of this pale permanent settle-ments may be established by them only in towns and boroughs, but never in villages. They are not allowed to own real property or to engage in trade except under inhibitory restrictions. They are, with only a trifling exception, forbidden to enjoy the benefits of education in the colleges and universities. They cannot travel at will from one part of their common country to another. For them-selves they have no country, no flag, no law, no court and no chief. They cannot enter the navy, and, while the Czar will use them for common soldiers as food for gunpowder, they can rise to no higher grade than corporal inŁ the army. They are made by their environ-ment the dregs of the empire, and are officially designated as the fifth or lowest class. They are without social aspiration, sunk to the low-est adversity, despised by their masters andŁ contemned by themselves. In order to prevent the augmentation of this wretched people by hordes of their kindred who are treated with perhaps even more severe repression in Austria and Roumania, Russia has erected barriers at her frontiers against the entrance of any foreign Jew. . . . Should our most distinguished Jewish American go to Russia and gain a temporary residence there he falls at once from the sovereign position which our laws give him, he loses the equal 