386 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. "You must subject your own judgment to that of the church, and think exactly as the church thinks. "You must reject and condemn liberty of worship, liberty of the press, liberty of thought, and other lib-erties of perdition (as Pope Leo XIII. calls them) con-demned and rejected by the church. "You must also reject and condemn liberalism, and also modern progress and civilization, as being false progress and false civilization. "You must also condemn and reject the interfer-ence of the civil authorities in any ecclesiastical af-fairs, so much in vogue nowadays. "Children must be educated solely in Catholic schools, and must be taught to condemn what the church condemns. "You must hold that the church is superior to the civil authorities, and reject and condemn the doctrine that the church should submit to the state, or that the state is independent or ought to separate itself from the church. "You must utterly abcŁminate civil marriage, and regard it as pure concubinage." (This refers to all marriages performed by Protestant ministers.) These and other like utterances are supported by quotations from the pope and the Catholic Scriptures. The circulars have, says the Times, been distributed at houses throughout the city, as well as in the churches. This is a plain defiance of the American govern-ment, and the significance of it all lies in the fact that it is done under the direction of one so well acquainted with the exact situation of things in America to-day as is Archbishop Chapelle. It lies in the fact that this papal prelate believes that under the existing situation Rome can successfully bid defiance to the American government in the islands, and bring the United States to her terms. If she can do this, she will have gained a tremendous victory. The administration deferred to the wishes and overtures of Rome touching the policy to be pursued in the islands, as being the best way to secure peace, and now Rome turns around and repudiates the ad-minstration and everything that is American. To quote further from the Times : "Civil marriages are established by general order of the Military Governor, and these truculent priests defy him and his general orders. Freedom of worship and freedom of thought are established in the procla-mation of General Merritt on the occupation of Ma-nila ; again in the proclamation of President McKin-ley, published officially by General Otis in January, 1899 ; and again in the proclamation of the commis-sioners last April. These pamphlets disseminated broadcast in the churches and homes of Manila roundly `reject and condemn' McKinley, Otis, Merritt, the commissioners and the American nation at large. Nay, more. They 'reject and condemn' the whole civ-ilized world, calling modern civilization a false and reprehensible thing. They will not tolerate the ex-istence of a civil government, except under the control  of the church. They defy the state, they defy the United States government, and they forbid the trem-bling Filipinos to obey the law, on pain of the utmost penalties of eternal perdition." This is the outcome of the frequent conferences between the President and Archbishops Ireland and Chapelle relating to the governmental policy to be pursued in the late Spanish possessions. Commenting on the report made by the Manila Times, the leading Methodist organ in Michigan says : "Thus it appears that the real war in the Philip-pines has been only fairly opened, and that it is to be a war to the knife, long and bitter. The priests have taken their stand, and are backed by the bishop of Manila and by Archbishop Chapelle, and unless Presi-dent McKinley grapples immediately and decisively with the issue, the outcome may involve much trou-ble." Very true ; but is the President prepared to "grap-ple immediately and decisively with the issue ?" Is he prepared, on the eve of the national political campaign, to alienate the Catholic vote in the United States by a manifestation of hostility to the papal program in Luzon ? Rome, evidently, does not believe that he is. And all this shows how the American government, in following its imperial policy, is playing into the hands of Rome ; and it is all natural enough, for Rome is an imperial power, and one form of imperialism has a natural affinity for other forms. While the United States remained a republic, it was naturally antago-nistic to the papal system, which is a monarchy and a despotism of the purest type. The change from republic to empire must necessarily greatly strength-en the hands of Rome, and prepare the way for the final work of that power in the earth which is por- trayed in the prophetic Word. s. Only Right is Duty. A Boston paper very truthfully remarks that "pa-triotism, in war times, being manifested simultaneously by two opposing nationsŠthe just and the unjustŠis therefore not necessarily a virtue." This being so, "patriotism" ought always to be secondary to love of principle. But what then would become of the senti-ment: "My country; may she ever be right. But right or wrong, my country." The fact is that a country in the wrong is no better than an individual in the wrong. Both officers and men often feel perfectly justified in doing acts of in-justice, acts which they know to be unjust, simply be-cause commanded so to do by their superiors, or by "the government." They excuse themselves by saying, "We only did our duty." But how can it ever possibly be any man's duty to do wrong? It cannot be. "Strictly considered, all duty is owed originally to 