THE ORIGIN AND OBJECT OF CIVIL GOVERNMENT 09. ence and restraints of civil government so long and in so far as they are selfish. Not till a man's nature is changed, not until he is converted and a new heart has been given to him, not until the law of God has been written on the tablets of his heart, and he loves God supremely and his neighbor as himself, is he in a condi-tion in which he no longer needs the restraints of human laws and of temporal punishments. But when he has been con-verted, when he has had a change of heart, when selfishness no longer con-trols him, but love is the law of his life, then he no longer needs earthly laws to compel him to do right, nor the fear of temporal punishments to deter him from doing wrong. At once he has become the citizen of another kingdom, the king-dom of God, and is controlled by higher motives than the fear of man or the ter-rors of temporal punishments. As this change or renewing of the mind is a new creation, accomplished by the power of God through faith in Christ, this transformation of character is spoken of in Scripture as a " new birth," and those who are thus transformed are re-ferred to as having been " translated into the kingdom of His dear Son." While in the world they are said to be " not of this world," but to have their " citizenship " in heaven. How long civil governments will be a necessity must likewise be apparent from the foregoing. So long as sin ex- ists in the world, so long as men are by nature selfish, so long will civil gov-ernments be needed. Imperfect as they are, the worst of them are better than anarchy, or the absence of all law, order and government. Under the existing state of things they are a necessity, and they have been divinely ordained to meet this necessity. Not until sin has been forever banished from this world, and the everlasting kingdom of God set up, will civil governments be no longer need- ed. While they have nothing what-eyer to do in transforming the character-or eradicating sin from the heart, they do have something to do in restraining vio-lence, or the outward manifestation of sin, among men, properly called crime. Some, on account of existing evils or unjust legislation, are prejudiced against rulers and laws, and are not afraid toŁ speak evil of dignities. But this is a mistake. If it were not for law this world would be in an awful condition. God restrains the rulers, for the hearts of all are in his hands. Bounds are set beyond which they cannot go. While many of the rulers may be those whom Satan controls, God has his agents even among rulers and in legislative assem-blies. These act the part He would have them. When Satan works through his agents, and propositions are made, which, if carried out, would impede the work of God and produce great evil, good angels move upon these agents of God to op-pose such propositions with strong reasons, which Satan's agents cannot re-sist. Thus a few of God's agents will have power to bear down a great mass of evil. In proof of this we need cite but one among many incidents which might be given. When the Sanhedrim, the highest tribunal among the Jewish nation, took counsel to slay the apostles for preaching Christ and his resurrection from the dead, Gamaliel, a member of the Sanhe-drim, arose and said : Ye men of Israel, take heed to yourselves what you intend to do as touching these men. For before these days rose up Theudas, boast-ing himself to be somebody ; to whom a num-ber of men, about four hundred, joined them-selves: who was slain; and all, as many as obeyed him, were scattered, and brought to naught. After this man rose up Judas of Galilee in the days of the taxing, and drew away much people after him: he also perished; and all, even as many as obeyed him, were dispersed. And now I say unto you, Refrain from these men, and let them alone: for if 