104  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY dangered. Hence they were in favor, when it came right to the point of deal-ing with Williams, of doing the very identical thing that Cotton and the rest of the intolerant leaders of the day were demanding should be done. And it was exactly on this ground, which represents the position of the "conservative" citi-zens of his time, that Williams was driven in midwinter from Massachusetts. The editor of the Advocate, who is a valiant demolisher of all forms of super-stition from ghosts to "Christian Sci-ence," would no doubt say that the "con-servative" citizens of Massachusetts in the days of Roger Williams were too superstitious when they supposed that his dissent from the prevailing religious opinions and practises was disturbing to the civil order of the commonwealth. And this is no doubt true ; but nobody has yet discovered, nor is likely to dis-cover, any distinction between the su-perstition of the "conservative" citizens of Massachusetts in those days and that of the "conservative" citizens of these days who imagine that the interests of government and of civil order require the enactment and enforcement of Sun-day laws. The one is just as great a superstition as the other, the only differ-ence being that those who cling to the latter do so regardless of the lessons taught by the former and in spite of knowledge and enlightment that the peo-ple of Massachusetts did not possess two hundred and fifty years ago. It is not a sufficient justification of Sunday legislation to say that it serves a civil purpose. It must be shown to serve the purposes of civil society to such an extent that it counterbalances and justifies the inconveniences and hardships which arise from such legis-lation. What civil purpose does Sun- day enforcement serve that it justifies legislative regulation of the conduct of all citizens on Sunday that would be deemed intolerable on any other dayÑa regulation which virtually amounts to legislative confiscation of one-seventh of the time of all the citizens? What are the civil benefits of Sunday observance that it justifies a legislative fiat by which thousands of honest and legiti-mate occupations are made criminal? What is the civil benefit to society which justifies and counterbalances the injury and the injustice of a measure which compels all persons whose consciences require them to observe some other day of the week, in addition to the incon-venience to which they are already sub-jected by differing in practise on this point from the great mass of their fellow-men, to sacrifice one-sixth of their time to the interests of the state? Has the civil benefit of Sunday legis-lation ever been shown to be such that it justifies these stern and extreme meas-ures ?ÑNo. On the contrary, that legis-lation which has to do with Sunday that is enacted simply because the day is Sunday, and all Sunday legislation is of this character, has never been shown to serve any end of government, not even the most insignificant and incon-sequential. It is to no purpose that "conservative" citizens consider Sunday legislation justifiable on civil and eco-nomic grounds, because there is not a single civil or economic end that is subserved by such legislation. This civil and economic argument is no more to the point than was the idea of the "con-servative" citizens of Massachusetts that the presence of Roger Williams meant the subversion of "the fundamental state and government of the country." When men proceed to do exactly what intoler- 