THE SUNDAY-LAW QUESTION IN FLORIDA AGAIN 325 where most of the other relics of church-and-state union were long since relegated in this country. The more Sunday legis-lation is examined and discussed, whether A "Lap Sermon" on Among the contributions to the discus-sion of this question in Jacksonville was a " lay sermon " on " Sabbath observ-ance " by " a member of the staff of the Times-Union," the leading daily of the city and State. In confirmation of what is stated in the closing sentence of the pre-ceding paragraph we have only to refer to this " sermon." The writer approves of the " legal Sabbath," but yet says " the Sabbath " is " a divine institution," and though he does not undertake " to say what the law [ Sunday law] is," asks : " What should it be to be in keeping with the spirit of true Sabbath observance?" And further : They who are loudest in their complaints that the Sabbath interferes with liberty are generally not those whose creeds require the observance of another day. They are men who have no creeds. They are constantly declaring that men have a right to work if they wish to. Where the observance of the Sabbath prevents this in one case, it prevents men from being compelled to work when they do not wish to in one hundred cases. Of course by " Sabbath " and " ob-servance of the Sabbath " in the above is meant the Sunday law and its observ-ance. It is not the Sabbath and its ob-servance against which complaints are made of interference with liberty and the right to work, but the so-called civil statute which,  undertakes to coerce people into " observance of the Sabbath." We may say here that this confusion of two things that should not be confused, this failure to draw any line of distinction be-tween the Sabbath and its observance and the " legal Sabbath " and its enforcement, runs all through this " lay sermon," arid is of course a common characteristic of popular discussions of this question. This  by its champions or its opponents, the more apparent becomes the fact that it is religious legislation and is intended to en-force a religious observance. "Sabbath Observance" emphasizes the fact that public opinion needs to become intelligent on this ques-tion. It is time people were learning that there can be such thing as a Sabbath institution and its observance without a " legal Sabbath " and its enforcement, and that in this country this must be the case if fundamental principles of government are respected as they should be. And so we are told that those who are loudest in their complaints that Sunday laws interfere with liberty and the right to work " are generally not those whose creeds require the observance of another day " ; that " they are men who have no creeds." It is not true that those who are most opposed to Sunday legislation be-cause it interferes with liberty and the right to work are " not those whose creeds require the observance of another day," for there are no more persistent, active and uncompromising opponents of this legislation than the earnest and devout seventh-day observers of the countrj,. But what we wish to emphasize is the fact that it is plainly admitted by this writer from whom we quote that the Sunday law has to do with creeds. In discussing it and its enforcement it is thought proper to take account of the creeds of people ; and since " they who are loudest in their com-plaints " against Sunday enforcement " are generally not those whose creeds require the observance of another day," their protests are assumed to be worthy of little consideration. The assumption is that since they have no creeds of their own with regard to the matter it is not too much to expect them to bow to the creeds of other people in the matter of " the ob-servance of the Sabbath." It is hardly 