620 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY . fulfilled in Canada. The papal principle of church-and-state union will be fully reestablished. What then will be the reward of every Protestant who has in any way aided in this. wicked work? The Bible answer is: " If any man worship the beast and his image, and receive his mark in his forehead or his hand, the same shall drink of the wine of the wrath of God." (Rev. 14: 9, HI) The only sure way to es-cape is to keep the "commandments of God and the faith of Jesus." (v. 12.) P. M. HOWE. Bartonville, Ont. News, Notes . and Comment EIGHT young men of Corunna, Mich., were re-cently arrested for playing ball on Sunday, the arrest oeing instigated, of course, by a clergyman. At the trial, says the Detroit Free Press, the point was made by the attorney for the defense that the boys were not playing base-ball, but only a game of toss up, and therefore the " Sabbath " had not been legally violated. The jury, says the report, puzzled over this point till midnight, and finally stood half for conviction and half for acquittal. Would it not be more in the interests of consistency, common sense, and good government if human legislators would let the subject of the Sabbath alone? .19 As illustrating the trend in which things are rapidly going in this country, and the wild lengths to which some are carried by the spirit of these things, is the following utterance which a few days ago was received with tremendous applause by an immense audience in this city: " The great Ameri-Can Ocean, hitherto known as the Pacific Ocean." This' carries with it a significance and a meaning that the "eloquent orator" evidently did not reckon on; for it is certain that if the attempt is made to give this idea any practiCal effect it will be no longer fitting to designate that ocean by the name that it has borne from the days of Balboa and Magellan. It will probably become the rendevous of the far from peaceful fleets and squadrons of Powers that will consider themselves as having as good claim to that ocean as any body else, and if  they are not each and all at least secured in the con-tinuance of the "open door" and the possession of a satisfactory "sphere of influence," they will be more than likely to bring to pass upon its surface some scenes that will render the name Pacific very inappropriate indeed. Ł THE blessings (?) of militarism for the soldier, to say nothing of those who bear the burdens it im-poses, were illustrated recently by the suicide of three soldiers of one regiment in the French army in one week. France is a republic with a big army. THE United States having joined the." concert " of the Powers in China finds itself in an embarrass-ing position. At almost the first move it makes it is accused by some of the other Powers of having spoiled the program. If the United States is to stay in the " concert " it must, of course, not sound a note of discoid in the music, but must pipe to the tune of the European monarchies. .0 .0 How easily and unconsciously do men betray themselves and their schemes when advocating the impossible. A great orator a few days since, wax-ing eloquent on the rule of dependencies by the American Government, declared: "Who knows but what in the orderly and perfect administration we are sure to give these possessions and their cities, we shall find the remedy and the means of reform-ing the corrupt administrations of our own State and municipal governments here at home?" Comment on this is' almost superfluous. When rivers can flow up hill, when muddy streams can be-come at their mouths more clear and transparent than are the springs of the mountains from whence they flow, then may the the promise of liberty by those who are themselves the servants of corruption be received as capable of fulfillment. IT is now bluntly, declared by a leading spokes-man for the imperialistic program of the Govern-ment, that the declaration for Cuban liberty and independence with which this nation through Con-gress announced to the world its intention to step between Spain and the down-trodden Cubans, was a 