THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 325 the people of the United States [acknowledging Al-mighty God as the source of all power and authority in civil government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations, and His revealed will as supreme authority in civil affairs]'Šin civil affairs. That is the point. What do you refer to by His revealed will ?" Dr. McAllister : "The Bible." The Chairman : "Then you wish the Constitution to recognize the Bible as supreme authority in civil affairs, do you not ?" Dr. McAllister : "Yes, sir." The Chairman : "Then the supreme authorityŠthat is, lawŠin civil affairs must be construed and en-forced by the courts, must it not ?" Dr. McAllister : "Certainly." It is not likely that this so-called Christian party will poll any considerable number of votes at the ap-proaching presidential election ; but it is one of the several organizations committed to this same mischiev-ous idea of moral reform by act of Congress or by constitutional amendment; and their evil influence is spreading. Personally those who are prominent in the several branches of this movement are worthy men. We give them credit for the best of intentions ; but the success of their scheme could result in nothing short of perse-. cution for conscience' sake. It has been well said that "among all the religious persecutions with which al-most every page of modern history is stained, no victim ever suffered but for the violation of what government denominated the law of God. To prevent a similar train of evils in this country, the Constitution has wisely withheld from our government the power of de-fining the divine law." With the constitutional safeguards removed the fear expressed by Jefferson when he said, "A single zealot may commence persecution, and better men be his victims," would be quickly realized. "There is but one protection against the tyranny of any class, and that is to give that class very little power." This is just as true of such men as are leading out in this "reform" movement as of any other class. They are only human. B. Thomas Jefferson on the Monroe Doctrine. Thomas Jefferson's view regarding the questions embodied in the Monroe doctrine, the preservation of which has become a leading question in America to-day, is shown in the following, written by Mr. Jeffer-son to President Monroe in reply to a letter from the latter asking Mr. Jefferson's opinion on the subject: "The question presented by the letters you have sent me is the most momentous which has ever been offered to my contemplation since that of independ-ence. That made us a nation ; this sets our compass and points the course which we are to steer through  the ocean of time opening on us. And never could we embark upon it under circumstances more auspicious. Our first and fundamental maxim should be, never to entangle ourselves in the broils of Europe ; our second, never to suffer Europe to intermeddle with cis-Atlantic affairs. America, North and South, has a set of inter-ests different from those of Europe, and peculiarly her own. She should, therefore, have a system of her own, separate and apart from that of Europe. While the last is laboring to become the domicile of despotism, our endeavor should surely be to make our hemisphere that of freedom." The Nature of Christianity and What Gave Rise to Persecution For Its Furtherance. [By the late James T. Ringgold.] ALTOGETHER OF FAITH. Christianity is essentially and altogether of faith, for Jesus Christ is both "the Author and Finisher of our faith ;" and it is written, "Whatsoever is not of faith is sin." It being true that whatsoever is not of faith is sin, and as Jesus Christ was manifested to take away our sins, it is evident that the salvation offered by Christianity and wrought by Jesus Christ is wholly of faith. And as he is the Author and Finisher even of the faith, as he himself is the giver of the faith which saves from sin, it is therefore and further evident that the salvation offered by Christianity and wrought by Jesus Christ is by grace through faith. And so it is written : "By grace are ye saved through faith ; and that not of yourselves; IT IS THE GIFT OF GOD." NOT A CREED BUT A LIFE. In this truth, that faith is not of ourselves, but is the gift of GodŠin this, lies the distinction between Christianity and all other religions. And even more than this ; in this truth lies the distinction between the true and false Christianity. True Christianity is not a creed, it is a life ; not a body of doctrines formulated by men, but the expression of the life of God in actions of men. This is the difference between "the faith of Jesus Christ," and "the faith of the creed ;" between true Christianity and false Christianity ; between the true religion and false religions of all kinds. FAITH WORKS BY LOVE. The true faith, the faith of Jesus Christ, being the gift of God, bears in itself, and brings to him who exer-cises it, the divine life, the divine virtue, and the divine power. It brings to men the divine life to renew the soul, the divine virtue to cleanse from sin, the divine power to keep the renewed soul in the way of right-eousness, and the divine energy to produce good works even the works of God. "For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision availeth anything nor uncircum-cision ; but faith which worketh by love"Šnot faith and works, but faith which works. "Then said they unto 