532  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Sunday baseball and the Sunday en-forcement which ministerial opposition to it brought on was recently a matter of some commotion in the city of Flint, Mich. Acting in response to the de-mands of the ministers of the place, the sheriff arrested on the afternoon of May 25 the eighteen members of the Flint and Battle Creek clubs, who were engaged in playing one of the State league games. In the justice's court the next morning they were bound over in a bunch under bail of $2oo for trial on June 9. Rev. G. N. Kennedy, the leading spirit among the ministers who had caused the arrests, was in attendance. On the evening of June 5 a mass-meeting was held in the Baptist church, at which the ministers presided and a strong sentiment was manifested for the strict enforcement of the law. The chairman of the meeting, Rev. R. E. McDuff, declared that every lawyer in the city but one was "heartily in favor of the strict enforcement of the statutes relative to the observance of the Sabbath," and that some of them de-clared that "anything else was anarchy" while the statute remained. Resolutions were adopted in the name of the citizens of Flint, declaring it to be the judgment of the meeting that "the laws for the pro-tection of the observance of the day of rest and worship should be conscien-tiously observed by every citizen ;" that factories and workshops should allow their employees the Saturday half-holi-day ; that stores and all places where hu-'man beings work should close at 6 on every business day ; and that the city should provide public parks as places for recreation and rest, "to be used under proper conditions on Sundays and all other days in strict conformity to the law of both State and city, and the laws of God." Following the arrest of the ball players it was learned by a reporter from one member of the ministerial association  that only "the first step had been taken in enforcing the law requiring the ob-servance of the Sabbath," and that the next step would be to give attention to merchants and liverymen who do busi-ness on Sundays. Sunday enforcement swooped down upon Muscatine, Iowa, recently, and pro-duced lively times for a few days. On.  May 22, at the instance of the clerks' union, two grocerymen, C. C. Smith and Henry F. Bodman, were fined for violat-ing the Sunday-closing law. These men brought to court with them and gave to. the county attorney a long list of per-sons and firms who were also "doing business on Sunday." This list embraced grocerymen, clothiers, butchers, icemen, milkmen, bakers, liverymen, news-dealers,. dealers in tobacco, keepers of soda fountains and ice-cream parlors, and, according to report, the managers and operators of the telegraph and tele-phone companies, the agents and em-ployees of the three railroads, and musi-cal directors and members of church choirs who receive compensation for ser-vices rendered on Sunday. The word at once went out that all of these were "to be made to confront the majesty of the law and pay the penalty fixed by statute for doing business on the day that Chris-tian people are supposed to rest from servile labor." Sixty-nine arrests fol-lowed the next day, among the number being the proprietors of the two daily papers, the offense of one being the cleaning of boilers, and that of the other "publishing and issuing on Sunday." Most of the persons arrested were mer-chants and shopmen. A fine of $5 was imposed in each case, but where the plea of guilty was entered, as was the case in most instances, the fine was remitted on payment of the costs. But the following Sunday did not see any marked change 