200 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY troversy, or discussion; the Papacy was the other. The United States sends to the Vatican a commission of three per-sons to represent the United States in this controversy with the Papacy. And who were these three? First, United States Governor Taft of the Philippines. Second, Bishop Thos. O'Gorman of thd Catholic Church, the same man who as Prof. Thos. O'Gorman of the Catholic University, in 1893, claimed America as Catholic by right of discovery and posses-sion dating back almost nine hundred years, and declared that this nation shall find its perfection in Catholic Christian-ity ! And third, Attorney James F. Smith, a Roman Catholic ! That is to say, the United States gov-ernment sends a commission of three persons to represent the United States in a controversy with the Papacy, and two of these three are themselves of the Papacy ! A two-thirds papal commission is sent to the Vatican by the United States government to represent the United States in a controversy with the Papacy ! Is it possible that in the whole United States there is anybody so obtuse as not to be able to discern that the two papal members of that commission would rep-resent the Papacy first of all, instead of the United States? Can any one sup-pose that in this golden opportunity  Bishop O'Gorman would allow anything whatever to detract from his declared de-sign that this nation shall find its perfec-tion in Catholic Christianity? Is it not on the very face of things that, instead of doing anything that might tend to make the Philippines any the less Cath-olic, he would do everything that might tend to make the United States more so ! And so, after much proposing and counter-proposing in Rome, the whole matter was transferred to the Philippine'; to be further considered on the ground by the papal delegate, Mgr. Guidi, and Governor Taft ; in which arrangement " the Philippine government expressly recognizes the official character of Mgr. Guidi, and has pledged itself, over Mr. Taft's signature, to treat with him as a duly accredited representative of the Holy See." And this The Tablet, the papal organ of England, publishes as " a fact of capital importance " in proof that " the United States government has given of-ficial recognition to the Pope's temporal power." And that is a fair illustration of how the United States was represented by its two-thirds papal commission to the Vati-can in the summer of 1902, A. D. It is also a fair illustration of the progress that the Papacy is making in getting a firm hold upon the government of the State in his note to the " Secretary of State to His Holiness"; and it was he alone who appeared as the representative of the United States in all the correspondence that passed during the negotiations. But this does not weaken at all the point made in the article accompanying this; on the contrary, it bears out and confirms the statement that the United States was represented by but one-third of its own commission. It seems to show that the Government itself recognized the fact that the United States had but one proper representative upon the commission. The thing simply shows that while the Government sent a commission to the Vatican that was two-thirds papal, it carried on the negotiations through the one-third that was not papal and that was really representative of it and not of the power with which it was negotiating. Was this a confession by the Government that the United States was in reality represented by only one person on the commission of three that had been appointed and sent? But whether it was such a confession or not, why did the Government select. appoint, and send to Rome with Governor Taft the other two members of the "mission," when Governor Taft himself was perfectly competent and able to attend to the business, and was to do so in fact? Why a "mission" instead of merely a representative, especially when so far as the actual business was concerned there was never anything more, and evidently never any intention or expectation that there would be anything more, than merely a representative? Ah ! this brings us face to face with the great matter that is now being considered in these articles on " The Supremacy of the Papacy," and he who would understand this matter should study these articles carefully. Š EDITOR SENTINEL. 