138 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY moral tone of these communities is as good at least as that of Johnstown or Harrisburg or Philadelphia. The church attendance is as good ; there is just as littleŠthere is indeed very much lessŠ Sunday labor; and the Kingdom of God seems just as close at hand there as it does where the policeman with his club is busy trying to make men good and pious. The Pennsylvania Hearing The public hearing on what is known as the " Berkelbach Bill," which has as its object the modification of the old Sunday law of 1794, took place before the Law and Order Committee of the upper house of the Pennsylvania legis-lature at Harrisburg on the loth instant. The hearing lasted four hours, and " as large an assemblage as any ever crowded into the present hall of the lower house " was present to hear the discussion of the bill. The measure originated, it is said, with the " German-American Alliance of Pennsylvania," and it provides thatŠ hereafter it shall be lawful to sell medicines, soda and mineral waters, milk and other harm-less non-intoxicating drinks, bread, meat, oysters, ice-cream, candy, cakes, pastry, fruit, ice, cigars, tobacco, toilet articles, and to serve meals, to hire horses and vehicles, to prepare, print, distribute and sell newspapers, and to run horse, electric cable and steam cars and locomotives, and to operate telephone and tele-graph lines on the first day of the week, com-monly called Sunday. For several weeks the forces which stand for Sunday enforcement had been agitating against the measure, and they were present in force to oppose it. Among those who spoke against the bill were : Rev. T. T. Mutchler, of the " Sab-bath Association " ; Rev. Chas. L. Fry, of St. Luke's Lutheran Church, Philadel-phia ; Rev. W. A. McCarrell, Presby-terian, of Shippensburg, " brother of U. S. District Attorney McCarrell "; Rev. J. B. Gibson, representing the Pitts-burg Presbytery; Rev. J. T. McCrory, claiming to represent " the people of Pittsburg " ; Rev. W. C. Webb, of Phila-delphia, representing the Evangelical Al- liance ; W. H. Fries, of Philadelphia, " representing the Journeymen Barbers' International Union " ; and Judge Wm. N. Ashman, of the Orphans' Court in Philadelphia. " Backing up the fore-going speakers " were ten other clergy-men of various denominationsŠBaptist, Presbyterian, Methodist, Reformed, Lu-theranŠrepresenting ministerial associa-tions and their respective churches ; a lawyer of Philadelphia, who declared that the bill, because of its " specification of so many things to be sold or done on Sunday, would repeal the act of 1794 "; and a representative of the W. C. T. U. Besides these opposers of the measure who were present, there were others who sent telegrams and protests in other ways. Among these was Archbishop P. J. Ryan of Philadelphia, whose telegram was pre-sented by Mr. Mutchler of the " Sabbath Association." It read : I am opposed to relaxation of Sunday laws in Philadelphia. Mr. Mutchler said he " had messages to the same effect from Bishop C. W. Whitaker and John H. Converse." One of the clergymen declared that those who favored the measure " want to establish foreign Sunday customs here " ; another said he was present to " prevent the tighter binding of the shackles upon the wrists of labor " ; another, the represen-tative of the Pittsburg Presbytery, who claimed that he represented " nine-tenths of the best citizens of Pittsburg," de-clared that the bill " means the utter de-struction -of the Sabbath "! One clergy-man said that " Napoleon restored the 