EDITORIAL 67 the people." It was pointed out how already, in the combinations of capital, of labor, and of politicians, the tendency away from republicanism was already strikingly manifest, and the way had been prepared for " such displays of one-man power as are matched only in the life and times of the great Caesar," for " a triumvirate as able as was that of Crassus, Pompey, and Caesar to de-cide and declare that nothing should be done in the government of the republic without their consent." And in this con-nection it was said : This is as plainly and as certainly the ten-dency and the logic in every way of affairs in the republic of the United States to-day as it ever was in the republic of Rome. Iilistory is to-day in this republic repeating itself to the letter. So precisely is this true that all that is needed to know the future history of the republic of the United States is to read the history of the republic of Rome. No doubt to some all this seemed, if not entirely fanciful, far-fetched and overdrawn. Yet it should not seem so, for the truth of it becomes more evident and inescapable all the time. While it is possible to ignore and disbelieve the fact that affairs in the United States are, in the large and fundamental sense, go-ing just the way they did in the Roman republic, it is not possible for any one who observes at all to ignore the things which show this to be so. And many careful observers whose viewpoint in some respects is very different from that of THE SENTINEL and the writer to whose articles we have referred, not only clearly see these things, but see whence they are tending, and are raising their voices in warning. Professor Felix Ad-ler, in his Sunday morning addresses at Carnegie Hall in New York, has sev-eral times during the present winter clearly and forcibly called attention to the dangerous tendencies and conditions now to be seen. In one address he called for  " a new reverence for the supremacy of the state above all the powers that are included within it," and " a new respect for individual liberty," saying that " now we see growing up on two sides combinations of wealth and combinations of men ; and both of these great new powers that have developed within the state are menacing the supremacy of the state." With reference to the coal strike he declared that " of all the evils which have been disclosed by the recent strike, the greatest, I believe, is the menace to the American state, to the American commonwealthŠthe danger that threat-ens the sovereignty of the state." And in the same address he said : " The ship of state is steering into troubled waters ; the social tempests which have ship-wrecked the republics of old, will not en-tirely be spared us ; the future is full of difficulty." . On January 18 Professor Adler spoke directly on " Anti-Democratic Tenden-cies in American Life," and some of his statements, and he is careful in what he a says, were these : Aristocratic and oligarchical tendencies are in our midst, and are increasing at an alarming rate. Already under the forms of democracy we have oligarchy established in the United States. The power to choose our rulers and to make our laws has slipped from our hands, and is in the hands of political and industrial oli-garchs. Our Government is now an oligarchy tem-pered by popular uprising. By " popular uprising " Professor Ad-ler meant the fitful awakenings and up-risings of public sentiment against the " political and industrial oligarchs," by which some of the former are sometimes removed from public office and some of the plans and purposes of the latter are retarded and frustrated. He said that such instances were often cited as proving that the American people could always assert their power when they wanted to, 