114  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Of course there are some people who are not ready to accept the idea that finan-cial success is the certain evidence of divine favor, and who will be disposed to see something better in the promise, "I will cause thee to ride upon the high places of the earth," than the possession of material wealth. In our opinion most of the sadness and suggestiveness, so far as Sunday opening or closing is connected with the matter, could be eliminated by giving more attention to what is said in the quo-tations that are given to establish this "sad and suggestive contrast." The one regarding the Glasgow Exposition is taken from the New York Tribune, and it says that the business management was excellent, calls attention to the en-terprise shown, and says that "one secret of its financial success has been the pains taken to make Glasgow the meeting place of scores of conventions and representative bodies dtiring the summer and autumn." The fact that the gates were closed on Sunday is mentioned incidentally, but not the slightest intimation is given that the fi-nancial success of the exposition was due to this fact. As to the quotation regarding the Buf-falo Exposition, which declares that all "was man, man, man !" and that there was not "the first recognition of anything higher than man and man's achieve-ments," we will say that we think there is something in this quotation that the advocates of the "civil," "American," legislative "Sabbath" might well take to heart, and it is something that is both sad and suggestive, too. If the country is being cursed by the worship of man and man's achievements how can that curse be removed by dragging the insti-tution which God has set up as His  memorial, to be a reminder to men of the Creator of the heavens and the earth, into the realm of civil legislation and politics, and by labeling it "Ameri-can," "civil," etc. If this country is suf-fering from a want of the knowledge of God the situation is not likely to be re-lieved by putting human laws and legis-latures in the place of God. What is needed is that men should stop inter-posing themselves between God and their fellowmen ; and this means that the work of Sunday enforcement should stop. No wonder men are losing sight of God, when there are so many men and organizations that are trying to stand in the place of God to them. This is something that is in deed and in truth sad and suggestive. The Key to the Decisions The recent decisions of the Supreme Court, as did those of last spring, lay down the doctrines that territory ac-quired by conquest or treaty ceases to be foreign territory, and is therefore no longer subject to the tariffs which apply to foreign countries; but that such ter-ritory does not become a part of the United States and cannot have the bene-fit of that clause of the Constitution which requires that all duties, etc., shall be uniform throughout the United States; and that, therefore, Congress is at liberty to lay whatever tariffs it chooses against such territory. This leaves such territory in a position where it is neither American nor foreign, but where it can be treated as either as the interests of its conquerors may require. Very naturally some people have been perplexed over these decisions. The Outlook says "it so happens that these decisions of the Supreme Court are in accordance with the view of the Consti- 