116 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY operating any shop or factory, either as owner or manager thereof," on Sunday. It is made a crime for any person " to sell any article of merchandise " or to keep open any shop or store on Sunday. This sort of legislation may be all right for accomplishing what the clerks are after, but it is certainly very far from being all right when the rights of other people are taken into consideration. ' " The fight to keep Sunday free from the secularities of the world is hard," recently declared Rev. Dr. Milligan, rec-tor of St. Andrew's Church, Toronto, in condemning from his pulpit the course of some visiting Scotchmen who, " with a minister at their head," had made " a Sunday jaunt to Niagara Falls." The Doctor evidently regards Sunday as too sacred to be spent in viewing the wonders of nature, even when such viewing is done in company with a clergyman. But our purpose here is to say that the state-_ ment quoted above most accurately de-fines the object of the fight that is being waged by all those religious people who champion Sunday legislation and en-forcement, and also the object of all the Sunday legislation now in existence or that has ever been in existence. But while it is proper enough for clergymen and others to appeal to and to admonish their congregations and other people " to keep Sunday free from the secularities of the world," and, if they choose, to reprove and condemn in public utterances those who do not so keep it in their con-duct, it is not proper at all for them or anybody else to admonish legislators and civil officials " to keep Sunday free from the secularities of the world." A fight for that purpose is proper enough in the pulpit, but it is altogether out of place in a legislature or a court. Legislatures , and courts can properly take cognizance of nothing but " the secularities of the world." and it is preposterous for them  to attempt to keep anything " free from the secularities of the world." The principal thing which seems to have engaged the attention of the Il- linois Retail Clerks' Protective Associa-tion during its convention in Springfield late in January was " the proposition for legislation to force Sunday closing of all places of business except drug stores, barber shops, and cigar stores." On January 3o it was announced in the news- . papers that the plans had been perfected " for the fight for compulsory Sunday closing." And with this announcement was published the following text of the bill which was to be introduced in the legislature the following week, and which it is said was prepared by Assist-ant Attorney-General Smith : Section r. Be it enacted by the people of the State of Illinois, represented in the gen-eral assembly, that it shall be unlawful for any person or persons or corporation engaged in the business of selling merchandise or in the business of carrying on or operating any shop or factory, either as owner or manager thereof, to keep open shop or factory or store or room or place where said business is car-ried on in this State, or to sell any article of merchandise in any said place of business or to operate any said shop or factory on Sun-day. Sec. 2. Sunday shall include the time from 12 o'clock Saturday night to and until 12 o'clock the following night. Sec. 3. This act shall not apply to the operation of any railroad or street railroad or to the selling of drugs and medicines at retail by a registered pharmacist in a regularly es-tablished drug store nor to the sale of cigars and tobacco at retail in any established store or shop for the sale of cigars and tobacco at retail. Sec. 4. Any person who violates any of the provisions of the act shall be fined in any sum not less than $ro nor more than $20o for each offense. At a meeting in New York on the 9th instant of the " Church Association for the Advancement of the Interests of 