788 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY constant effect is to aggravate it more and more by swelling the ranks of the dis-solute and debauched. dŁ There are indications that the "Reform Bureau" at Washington is making itself distasteful and is losing sympathy in quarters where it might naturally be ex-pected to be regarded with considerable favor. To the plain words presented last month from the New York Christian Ad-vocate may be added now these equally plain words from the Christian Work and Evangelist, of October II : The National Reform Bureau at Washing-ton sends out an alarm with regard to racing and betting at Washington, which it says is "going to be worse than Monte Carlo." The country is indebted to this Bureau for much good work. It would doubtless be more ap-preciated and the efforts of the Bureau would be more effective if the officers of the latter were able to perceive that others besides them-selves are interested in preserving the morals of the country. . . We judge that the Bu-reau would be more readily appealed to for cooperation in averting impending evil if it were not so eager to claim all the credit of every good work. Ł Perhaps, in view of the inherited and widespread popular misapprehension on the point, it should not call for special re-mark that the Atlanta Constitution, in the quotation given elsewhere in this issue, assumes as so much a matter of course that the observance of the first day of the week is enjoined by and rests upon "the authority of the New Testament Scrip-tures," but it would seem that a journal of its standing would not allow itself, and could not afford, to fall into such an er-ror. Whatever else it may do a great newspaper is expected to bring to its . consideration of matters which it dis-cusses a high degree of intelligence and to view them in the light of known and es-tablished facts, even though it involve in some things a considerable divergence from the commonly accepted view. It should educate the people out of their misapprehensions, rather than confirm them in them. Ł "Cardinalates are a matter with which Presidents should have nothing to do," very properly says The Independent. Yes, and cardinals and archbishops as such are things with which Presidents should have nothing to do, but unfortunately this is a rule that has not been adhered to. Whether it be meant as a sort of ex-tenuation for this fact, which is well known, we do not know, but The Inde-pendent hastens to say in the same con-nection that "the Protestant Emperor of Germany, whenever he wishes to honor a prelate, ,requests the promotion from the Vatican." But it is added : "But in Germany the state supports the Church." We wish it could be said that there are not significant and dangerous tendencies toward church-and-state alliance in this country, which means state support of "the Church" for one thing, but unfor-tunately this cannot be said. General James F. Smith, who was a member of the "mission" to the Vatican, has been selected for appointment as a member of the Philippine Commission to succeed Commissioner Moses, who is to retire on January r next. As we .stated when the "mission" to the Vatican was announced, Judge Smith, for he is now and has been for some time an associate justice of the Philippine Supreme Court. is a Roman Catholic and has very de-cided sympathies for the much-disliked Roman Catholic ecclesiastics in the Phil-ippines. And so the dispatch announc-ing the new honor that is to come to him is careful to state that "he is a prominent Roman Catholic." He was a lawyer of some prominence in California before he went as a colonel to the Philippines, and 