450 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY in these days are indulged in upon that day." In a vigorous speech on the excise question in this city recently District At- torney Jerome declared that it was "a question which has to be met with sound, cold judgment, and not with any pre- conceived notions that we are legislating for a body of saints, or that you are to turn this cosmopolitan city into a Garden of Eden. You will have to keep in mind that you are legislating for a community with much of sorrow and sin in it ; that you are making laws for men and women who, while not absolutely bad or absolutely good, are constantly slipping back in 'their attempts to use their own dead selves as stepping stones to higher things." He very properly declared that "the 'American Sabbath' element have no right to saddle their views on those of a different opinion." Ł Replying to the protest of a laboring man against the Sunday closing of meat markets, William Fishbeck, of Burling-ton, Iowa, secretary of the local union of Amalgamated Meat Cutters and Butcher Workmen of North America, declares in the Gazette of that city that "in contrast with his hundreds of people who want the markets open Sundays, there are thousands of Christian people who want the markets closed on Sunday." It would be interesting to know what leads to this attitude on the part of "thou-sands of Christian people"Šwhether it is simply the desire that the meat cutters and butchers shall have more freedom from business, or whether it is the desire that the religious institution shall be hon-ored and observed. Ł An illustration of how difficult and al-most impossible it is to change and re-form abuses which are common in these  times is afforded by the fact recently clearly brought out that the Board of Railroad Commissioners of New York State, which was instituted to protect the rights of the people against the railroad corporations, is now virtually a creature of those corporations. When it was first instituted it was denounced by railroad officials as a weapon of Socialism threat-ening the "confiscation" of railroad prop-erty, but now it is said to be composed of "a body of machine politicians whose ser-vices are paid for by the very railroad companies they are supposed to control." Mayor Ryan, of Elizabeth, N. J., has granted to "amateur ball players the priv-ilege of playing ball on Sundays." He says that he sees no harm in the sport, "provided there is no disorderly conduct and no selling of intoxicating beverages on the grounds." When he finds that these conditions have been violated he will revoke the permit. Three thousand people witnessed a game on a recent Sunday, and games were announced for succeeding Sundays. Thus while Sun-day ball playing is officially recognized and endorsed at Elizabeth it is stopped by mounted policemen at Newark, as noted elsewhere. Ł According to the testimony of a sol-dier who was there, the Balangiga massa-cre of American soldiers in Samar last fall came because of harsh treatment of the natives by the Americans. Ninety men were compelled to work long hours in the heat during several successive days without food, except what the villagers may have furnished them, and to sleep at night on the ground in the extremely close quarters into which they were hud-dled. Two or three relays of men were treated in this way, and the village food supply of rice and fish destroyed, before the massacre occurred. 