63o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY which means that individual welfare is the true basis of human welfare. The spirit of sectarianism, even though it have behind it "unbroken apostolic succession" and an organization univer-sal in its pretensions and age-measuring in its history, is not the spirit of spiri-tual union. Truth and love alone are the bond of spiritual union. The boundaries of the kingdom of heaven are not organ-izational lines and distinctions. Its law of citizenship takes account only of the desires and purposes of the mind, heart and soul. The sphere of civil government is not outside the realm of moral law, but it is limited to that portion of it which has to do with human rights. Justice between man and man should be the object of government, and it is right that the high-est moral sense should control in pursu-ing this object. If it does there will never be any attempt to legislate beyond the sphere of human rights. The main-tenance and protection of human rights is the beginning and the end of moral law for civil government. It has been well said that freeŠdemo-craticŠgovernment is not an end but a means, and that popular institutions must explain and justify themselves by the cr iality of the human being they shape and develop. In other words, the individual is of most importance, and high character in individuals is the great thing to be desired. The value of free government in attaining this object is not in shaping and molding the individual by legislation, but in leaving him free from the heavy hand of restraint and repres-sion that governments too often impose. It gives the individual a chance for nor-mal development, places him on his own responsibility, and instead of seeking to  govern him over-much seeks to have him govern himself entirely. She who sits upon the seven hills be-side the Tiber and has seen "the corn-mencement of all the governments and of all the ecclesiastical establishments that now exist in the world," is a past-master in the art of diplomacy. She had entered politics "before the Saxon had set foot on Britain or the Frank had passed the Rhine," and she has continued in politics ever since. By her course in this respect she long ago developed a policy preemi-nently and distinctively her own, and by it she has caused craft to prosper in her hand through the centuries, and by peace (diplomacy) has undone many nations and peoples. Whatever may be thought by those who consent to play at it with her, the Papacy never loses at her own game. But it is a part of her masterful policy to often leave those who have lost with the impression that they have won. This is something to remember in con-nection with the negotiations that the Government has been and will continue to carry on with the Papacy. Is " The Sentinel" Teaching "National Reform"? A correspondent has written us the following, which explains itself : Editor SENTINEL: In the August issue of your journal Alonzo T. Jones ends his article, "A Dangerous Ten-dency," with these words : "The only way of escape, the only hope for the people of the United States, is in the faith of Jesus Christ, which brings to the individual believer in Jesus righteousness and self-government, in view of judgment to come." There is something in this kind of talk which smacks of the "National Reform" de-lusion. Does Mr. Jones mean to have it im-plied from his words that none but believers in Jesus Christ can be good and true American citizens? What, then, becomes of your re- 