PUBLISHER'S PAGE 31  77 c Eaggiluneil OF CERESTAN 11..012ERTY Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States devoted to the exposition and defense of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of Church and State. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matter at the New York Post-office. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its.authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free Prom all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be ourduty, and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERrIS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Single copy, per year...$1.00 " six months  .5o " " three months   .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.25 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .7o Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving Tae SENTINEL OP CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. Address all communications of a business nature, to II PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th Street, New York City Through an unfortunate train of circum-stances this issue and the last issue of THE SENTINEL, especially the last issue, were much delayed in the process of printing and mail-ing. We were obliged to make an unexpected change of printers, the two holidays came at just such a time as to delay the printing, and then, when the last issue was ready to mail, the post-office authorities refused to allow it to be sent as second-class matter until all the formalities of securing second-class entry, as though the publication were an entirely new one, had been gone through with. This, of course, occasioned considerable delay in the mailing. But hereafter, unless something ut-terly unexpected and unavoidable occurs, THE SENTINEL will be in the mails promptly every Thursday morning. NOTICE the date of expiration on the wrap-per of your SENTINEL. If it reads Jan., 1903, you will be entitled to each weekly issue dur-ing the month of January, but your subscrip-tion should be renewed at once in order that it be received by us in ample time to have the extension properly entered, and thus avoid the possibility of your missing a single number. We would be glad to receive the renewal of any one in connection with one of our com-bination offers. I HAVE been a reader of THE SENTINEL since its beginning, and never have I appreciated it as highly as I do now. I am hungry all the time for the next number. J. M. ELLIS. CHOICE SELECTED WINTER APPLES of all the leading sorts and best keepers fur-nished by the barrel or in car lots. Write for prices. F. E. GILBERT, Erie, Pa. 