23o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY become mixed up with the regulation of the liquor traffic. It should be judged in the light of history and its own character, and not in the light of something with which it has become temporarily associ- ated. Ł Infinitely more important to the Sun-day cause than the maintenance of any human law for Sunday observance is the discovery of some divine law for such observance. When some divine sanction that will afford a moral basis for such observance is found there will be no ne-cessity and considerably less eagerness for the support of human law. O The maintenance of public order is a good thing, it is in the interests of civil-ization and is an important part of civil-ization itself; but it is not Christianity. Inasmuch as the greatest good and high-est attainment of civil government lies in this very thing of maintaining pub-lic order, it follows that the functions of government are not Christian, and that government itself cannot become Chris-tian. Christianity is order, but it is some-thing infinitely more than public order; public order is a good and excellent thing, but it falls very far short of Chris-tian order. As a temperance measure the Sunday law is not even a half measure; it goes only one-seventh of the way toward bridging the gulf of intemperance; it may slightly narrow the channel, but does not at all lessen the flow of the evil cur-rent within it; on the contrary, it gives it a depth and a strength that it did not have in its wider flow. What the Sunday law does do is to call attention to Sunday as a special day, set apart by the church and upheld by law as a church day, contrary to American, republican, and all right  principles of government. Let it not be forgotten that the saloon closed by law on Sunday is by the same law sanctioned during the reloainder of the week. If the Sabbath is American it can not have recourse to the religious authority that is urged in its support. With refer-ence to it there can be no consistency in quoting the Fourth Commandment and the words of the prophets and apostles concerning the Sabbath. The example of the Lord of the Sabbath has no place here, and it is useless to ask, "What would Jesus do ?" If the Sabbath is American there can be no better author-ity on the subject than Americans. Whatever Americans do on that day it is proper to do on that day. If Amer-icans want to go fishing, play ball or golf, keep open stores or engage in any business or pleasure on the "American Sabbath" it should be all right. The "American Sabbath" can have no more sacredness and sanctity than it derives from Americans, and fishing, ball play-ing and business are bound to derive just as much sacredness and sanctity from them as the "American Sabbath." There is no reason why the "American Sabbath" should be any more sacred than ball playing, or why anything that Americans choose to engage in on the "American Sabbath" should not become a part of its sacredness and sanctity. If the Sabbath is American it should ac-commodate itself to the uses which Americans wish to make of it, rather than that Americans should be made to conform to ideas of Sabbath observance which had their origin long before America was ever heard of. In former times people were compelled by Sunday laws to repair on that day to 