66 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY another person does in the exercise of a right, I have an equal right to refrain from doing. An act done under compulsion is not the exercise of a right. The basis of compulsion is duty, and the power which compels prescribes duty in respect to the thing enforced. When the state, therefore, compels the observance of the Sabbath, it prescribes the duty of every citizen with respect to Sabbath observance. It removes Sab-bath observance from the realm of rights and privilege to that of duty. The duty of Sabbath observance does*  not grow out of the right to observe the day, but out of the relation of man to the Author of the Sabbath. The question of the duty of Sabbath observance is first settled in the mind of the individal be-fore he considers it as a matter of per-sonal right. It was in the sphere of man's duty, and not in the sphere of his rights, that Sabbath observance originated. This duty was set forth and commanded by the Creator, the Author of the Sabbath. In prescribing Sabbath observance as a duty the state sets itself in the place of God. It is not the business of the state to prescribe duty. The duty does not grow out of the right, but the right out of the duty. The right of Sabbath observance affords no basis for compulsory legislation ; it can-not be made the basis of any human law for Sabbath observance. Any such law rests upon another basis, and that basis is nothing else than religious intolerance Šthe spirit which seeks to compel all men to conform to its own practises in religious matters. It is the prerogative of God alone to prescribe duty. His law prescribes duty for mankind, but he leaves men free to choose whether they will walk in that pathway or not. But what the state  prescribes by law it takes out of the realm of man's free choice. And when Sabbath observance is re-moved from the realm of man's free choice, by that very act it is denied that Sabbath observance belongs within the sphere of individual rights. The law which claims to be based upon the right of every man to enjoy a day of rest each week in reality denies that any such right exists. L. A. S. Going the Way of Rome IN several very timely and important articles which have appeared in THE SENTINEL during the past year, and which we trust were not only read but seriously pondered by every one into whose hands they came, the point was impressed that there are now widely and persistently at work in the United States tendencies which are leading on to " the total overthrow, in the individual and in the nation, of the principle of self-gov-ernment," to " the exercise of govern-mental power in a way that will be the total abandonment of every principle of a republic; of every principle of govern-ment of the people by the people." It was declared that the people of the United States, by which was meant a large and increasing proportion of the people, were ceasing more and more to govern themselves individually, were " persist-ently throwing away individual self-gov-ernment," and that if it continued this must certainly and inevitably result in the destruction of free, republican gov-ernment in the United States, in the development of despotism in govern-ment ; for " whenever in a republic a majority of the people lose, or fail to exercise, the faculty of governing them-selves, the republic is gone in principle, and it remains but a mere matter of time when it will be found to be gone in prac-tiseŠsucceeded by a government not of 