794 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY they who have instigated this scandal-ous " crusade," whose selfishness makes it the more outrageous. Those who have a real respect for law . . . ought to assert themselves unmistakably against a prostitution of the forms of law that discredits lawful authority. Suppose that a man who has worked all the week and has earned his Sunday rest should indulge himself in a cigar; and suppose that the man or woman who keeps the little shop around the corner shall sell a cigar to him; is that a crime to be visited by arrest and punishment? The man might go to an illicit drinking place and drink and gamble away his earnings with none to molest ; but if he gave his child a nickel to buy an orange, the poor fruit vender who was so wicked as to sell an orange on Sunday would be pounced upon by the constable the next day and mulcted in more than the whole earnings of the week. And this trav-esty of justice is carried on in the name of morality and religion! Where is this thing to end ? If it is criminal to traffic in ice-cream and candy on Sunday, it is equally criminal to buy and sell newspapers. Our great Ł industrial establishments, which can-not wholly suspend operations on Sun-day, are violators of the law. The law is violated by the baker and 'the milk-man, and above all by the railway companies that transport tens of thou-sands of people every Sunday to enjoy their one day of recreation in close contact with nature in the park or in the study of the beautiful in art in the galleries and museums. Is the whole community to be arrested and fined? The courts have come to the defense of society by declaring the ancient statutes inapplicable to works of recog-nized necessity, and the busybodies are driven to seek their victims among the little shopkeepers, who can disturb no-body, but who have nobody to protect them. The constable gets his fees and the informer his share of the fines, but wherein is the public benefited The whole proceeding is selfish, intolerant, unjust. It is the more strenuously to be depreciated because of the reproach it brings upon the cause of public so-briety and reverence which it misrepre- sents, straining at small offenses while flagrant vice, in gambling den and brothel, on Sundays and weekdays alike, flaunts its hideous form un-checked by official power and unvexed by the self-constituted censors at whose misdirected zeal the vicious laugh and the judicious grieve. When people see poor folk punished for selling a cigar or an apple on Sunday, while flaunting vice is " wide open " for the well-to-do, will they not insist that the outworn statutes which permit such iniquity should be wiped from the books? Possibly this is the motive of the " Sunday-closing " agi-tation. Certainly this is its most prob-able effect . . . The petty persecution now carried on, to the advantage of no one but the agents and constables who enjoy the " costs," is justified by no public interest and no consideration of good morals or good sense, and it is for those who have a regard for either, and who would not see the law brought into general contempt, to insist that it shall cease. The Crusade Renewed But evidently the leaders of this cru-sade, in their blind, narrow, and in-tolerant zeal, are oblivious alike to the protests of just men and to the cer-tain destruction which they are inviting and hastening for their dear " Lord's day " act of 1794. Regardless of whether or not it be justified by public interest, good morals, or good sense, they propose to continue right on with their miserable "Sabbath-reform" crusade. About the middle of October this call was sent to the clergymen of the city : Dear Brother : In view of the fact that business is being carried on in our city on Sundays in several banks, in a large number of dry goods and cloth-ing stores, photograph galleries, laun-dries, candy and other stores in open defiance of the law of our Common-wealth, we propose holding a meeting at the Y. M. C. A. rooms, Fifteenth and Chestnut Streets, third floor, on Tues-day, October 27, at 2 p. m., to take 