546  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY creased devotion to that cause for which they gave the last full measure of devo-tion ; that we here highly resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain ; that this nation, under God, shall have a  new birth of freedom; AND THAT GOVERNMENT OF THE PEOPLE, BY THE PEOPLE, AND FOR THE PEOPLE, SHALL NOT PERISH FROM THE EARTH. The Vital Portion of the Declaration  As It Is Now Regarded [We had expected to accompany the quotations here given with an article on the mean-ing and 'significance of the astonishing change of sentiment which these utterances show has in a very short time come over the nation, but circumstances have prevented its preparation. But certainly these quotations are significant enough of themselves without additional em-phasis. Such an article as we had in mind may be presented later.ÑEirrox.] The Declaration has no application to the present situation. It was written by self-governing men for self-governing men.ÑSenator Beveridge, of Indiana, in U. S. Senate, December, 1899. What are the duties of the hour ? .  .  . Resist the crazy extension of the doctrine that government derives its just powers from the consent of the governed. ÑWhitelaw Reid, Chicago, February 14, 1899. This nation has become a giant who is no longer content with the nursery rhymes which were sung around his cra-dle.ÑPresident Northrup, of the Uni-versity of Minnesota, at the Chicago Peace Jubilee, October, 1898. The statement found in the Declaration of Independence that "all men are created equal" is not true. '  The statement that all governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed is not true, and never has been.ÑWm. D. Foulke, of Indiana. The idea that all men are created equal is not the fundamental law of this coun-try. The fathers had better sense than to put that phrase in the Constitution. They wrote it in the Declaration, which was  simply their manifesto to European pow-ers, and is not law.ÑChicago-Times-Herald, 1899. These are indeed great principles [the principles of the Declaration and the Constitution] ; they underlie our free in-stitutions, but they are not capable of lit-eral application. . . . Governments derive their just powers from the con-sent of SOME of the governed.ÑSen-ator 0. H. Platt, of Connecticut, in the U. S. Senate, December 19, 1898. The Civil War knocked the last re-maining breath of humbug out of the Jeffersonian phrase against government without the consent of the goyerned. . . . We will govern the Filipinos with or without their consent so long as we are held responsible by the civilized world for their conduct.--Chicago Times-Herald, January 21, 1899. The axiom that governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed is a baseless assumption. . . . We may dismiss from further considera-tion both the phrase "consent of the gov-erned" and the philosophy from which it springs. . . . No man has a natural right to share in the administration of 