590  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY There were ninety-nine arrests for Sun-day liquor selling in Greater New York on August 3o.ÑA saloonkeeper at War-ren, Minn., " kept his saloon open on Sun-day," August i6, and " it cost him $30." ÑAn information " charging him with keeping his saloon open on Sunday " was ¥ filed against James Cahill in Dubuque, Iowa, on August 24.ÑCounty Attorney Kilpatrick of Council Bluffs, Iowa, has announced that he proposes " to secure an injunction against every saloon that keeps open on Sunday."ÑJ. F. Martinek, a  saloonkeeper of Owatonna, Minn., was arrested on August 23 for having his sa-loon open on Sunday.ÑIt was reported from Waco, Texas, on August 21 that " the officers are after persons violating the Sunday-opening law, and many of the saloonmen are anxious to see examples made, as they do not want to open on Sunday, and yet dislike to have customers taken away at that time." On the pre-vious day " several fines were assessed," and " other cases were on the docket." English papers report the commence-ment of legal proceedings in over fifty places against persons who refuse to pay the rates assessed under the new Edu-cation Act. A resident of Webster City, Iowa, re-cently complained through the Tribune of that place that on a recent Sunday " two worshiping congregations were disturbed by men working on electric light poles near by during the time of service." He says " the noise consisted in pounding," and that it was a violation of the law in two respects : " First, by break-ing the Sabbath ; second, by disturbing a worshiping congregation." The latter only should be a violation of the law; the first is something that the law has no business to concern itself with. " Many are urging the rectification of society as such. They claim that there has been too much attention paid to the conversion and salvation of individuals. There is no sanction for any such method in Christ's ministry. Indeed, it is pre-posterous in itself if the method is to be taken literally. Society is composed of individuals, and though individuals as-sociated are something vastly more and greater than a mere aggregated mass, yet society can never be reached except  through its members. It is not to be un-derstood that Christ placed no value, or small value, on the increase of power that comes through association. Society is one of the chief facts of humanity, and no one can, without great disadvantage, ignore or underrate it. But it must al-ways be understood that individuals in society are more important than society itself. Society is a means to an end." " It is no longer a question of liberty to labor, but a question of human liberty,. in this land of the free," declares the Brooklyn Eagle. It also says : Compared with all the people of the country, the unionists are a handful. The opinionÑthe good opinion of the people of the country Ñis worth cultivating. The unions have in no small degree alienated it. They have af-fronted the American sense of fair play. For the proposition that a man may take the ground that he will neither work nor permit another to take his place, the people will not stand. If the principles, the legitimate and rational principles, of unionism are to survive, the fungus growth of despotism and corruption must be amputated, cut off as with a knife. There are rights which must be respected, and which, being overthrown, convert the Constitution itself into a phantom guarantee of liberty, to say nothing of the sacredness of life. And the longer these truths are over-looked or flouted, the more crushing will be the force of the blows with which they will finally be driven home. 