EDITORIAL 157 The other extract is taken from one of the very best articles that has ap-peared in this series, the one written by General Thomas J. Morgan, LL. D., Corresponding Secretary Baptist Home Mission Society and former Commis-sioner of Indian Affairs. General Mor-gan does not write as one who is indif-ferent to the benefits and blessings of a day of rest and religious meditation. On the contrary, of all those who have writ-ten in this symposium, he is the one who displays the most deep and sincere convictions on this point. But he looks at the matter in its true light. He sees that Sabbath observance is a matter of religion, and, true to the principles of religious freedom which have made the denomination with which he is connect-ed historic, he declares without equivo-cation that the enforcement of Sunday observance by legislation is forbidden by the doctrine of separation of church and state. Nor is he indifferent to the evils of the liquor traffic. He pro-nounces the open saloon "a cancer eat-ing into the very vitals of society," and declares that "the authorities have the undoubted right in the interests of the public weal to close these wicked places every day in the week, and to keep them closed." He sees that this traf-fic "must be dealt with according to its own essential nature," and that it is connected with the matter of an ideal Sabbath through its degrading effect upon men and women vastly more than through its continuance or discontinu-ance on a certain day of the week. When that which is immutable can be made mutable, and that which is irre-pealable can be made repealable, then may the precepts of moral conduct, of which the Sabbath commandment is one, become the subjects of civil legislation. Rights Are Equal Because it is seen. that men are not equal in opportunities and attainments it has become the fashion in certain quarters to laugh at and ridicule that noble statement of the Declaration of Independence that "all men are created equal." Shallow casuists may satisfy themselves that this is a fallacy, but in its essential meaning it remains eternally true, nevertheless. It means that so far as rights are concerned, so far as that with which government has to do is con-cerned, all men are equal. No man has more rights than another, and no man holds his rights by a more sacred tenure than another. All men are created with equal rights. The life, the liberty, the happiness of one man is just as sacred as that of another. There may be moral and intellectual inequalities, but it is not the business of government to perpetuate these inequali-ties. Government should treat all men as equals, for they are equal in the sphere of rights with which it deals. With the inequalities of men in other respects government has nothing to do, except to see that so far as its authority and influence is concerned all men have equal opportunities to become equal in all re-spects. If there was any difference, any in-equality, in the rights of men, they who have had the least opportunities for moral and intellectual advancement, who are in these respects the inferiors of their more fortunate fellows, have a more sa-cred right to be treated as equals in the sphere of rights than their fellows. But those who deny the equality of men do not take this view of the matter. They laugh at the statement that all men are created equal, in order that inequality may be perpetuated ; in order that they 