A SUNDAY OBSERVER ON SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 221 of Sunday, the proper work of the church is, as with all so-called reforms, not that of reforming society and the state, but that of reforming itself, and thus presenting them with a reformed and righteously regulated society or body politic, as a guiding and inspiring model. So far as any other species of public re-formatory effort is concernedŠcertainly any direct attack on either social or gov-ernmental abusesŠthe New Testament Scriptures gives no sign of any such privilege or prerogative as belonging to the church. On the contrary, both in precept and principle, their whole tenor is adverse to the notion that she has, or can have, any such world mission. More-over, history shows that whenever she has taken any direct part in the affairs of the state, either ruling or reformatory, she has been forced into worldly com-promises; and, whether she has bettered the state or not, she has been herself pro-portionately corrupted. When, then, the church in its organic capacity, or as represented by her chief officers, or as speaking through the pul-pit, descends into the arena of public af-fairs, and denounces the state, its officers, or its laws, or seeks to control its legisla-tion or engineer its reforms, it is arroga-ting to itself a prerogative which the state, as concerned for the whole, may with even greater consistency insist upon exercising over the church. If the church may undertake to reform the state, why may not the state, if it sees fit, return the favor, and impose its reforms upon the church? However this may be, the stu-dent of the Christian Scriptures cannot but see in such a course in the church and its ministers a grave departure from the terms of its original, divine commission, and an assumption of a power and a privilege which are wholly of human de-vising. and the exercise of which will  prove in the end a detriment to itself rather than a benefit to others. Applying these principles to the ques-tion of Sunday observance, it will be seen that the proper work of the church as a Christian organization is, first of all and directly, and positively, only within itself. Its duty is, not to attempt the elevation of the general public to, or even towards, its own proper standard of observance. For the laboring masses, Sunday is practical-ly a survival of the old Jewish civil day of rest. Many things in the hard condi-tions of multitudes of forlorn wage-earn-ers demand for them a Sunday license which it were a sin and a shame for the church to tolerate within its membership. For the church, indeed for all who pro-fess and call themselves Christians, Sun-day as the Lord's Day isŠas the Mosaic Sabbath was notŠholy time, a day not legislated into formal being, but begotten of the sacred and solemn associations of the Resurrection, and as such, spontane-ous in the grateful devotion of the church, transformed into a period de-voted to spiritual refreshment as well as to secular rest, and to the worship of God as well as to the improvement of man. Tt is designed also to stand as a constant-ly recurring token to the surrounding world of the fact that man has a spiritual nature, the claims and capabilities of which transcend everything which at-taches to his mere physical being. But in the conduct of how many church members does it stand out before the world in any such high and consistent character? In how manyŠexcept for a convenient attendance on a service or twoŠis there noticeable any special dif-ference between them and the non-re-ligious respectables? Where is the day made to shine out before the latter with the convincing power of its own sacred-ness as a day of genial Christian inter- 