EDITORIAL fectly with the principle laid down in the statement that "it is better to close the saloons one day in the week than not at all." This principle is flexible; it means, if it means anything whatever with ref-erence to the prohibition of the sale of liquor, that the saloons shall be closed just as large a part of the time as they can beÑas public sentiment will allow. They may, according to this principle, be closed three days, two days, one day, or where, as in New York, it is not pos-sible to secure complete closing one full day, they may be closed only a part of a day during the week. This, we submit, is exactly in accord with the principle laid down by those who would advance the cause of temperance by means of Sunday legislation. Yet, strange to say, the proposed ap-plication of this principle in New York is met with scorn and indignation by the advocates of Sunday closing. They re-gard the proposition as most outrage-ous, and demand to know why, "if it is right to let the saloons keep open a part of the Sabbath, it is not right to let them keep open all day on the Sabbath ?" "Where, indeed, from Genesis to Revela-tion," asks some one, "do the New York and Brooklyn doctors of divinity find God compromising with sin? From whence do they get their inspiration to favor any form of evil during any part of the Lord's day." Some of these peo-ple, in their "righteous indignation," de-clare that the proposition for the open-ing of the saloons on any part of "the Lord's day" is as great¥ an insult to the religious people as if it were proposed to close the churches on Sunday. They declare that they want "no dividing of the Sabbath with the saloons." All this, and much more that might be given, emphasizes what The Sentinel has always said on this point, namely, that  the churches and the religious forces are not contending for temperance even in the matter of Sunday closing of saloons, but for the enforced religious observance of the day which they regard as sacred, and that the declaration on the part of the advocates of Sunday enforcement that it was better to have Sunday closing than no closing at all, while perhaps not an unwise nor unreasonable principle in itself, was merely a pretense used to aid the cause of enforced religion. The ad-vocate of Sunday enforcement who pro-claims this flexible principle with regard to the prohibition of the sale of intoxi-cants, does not believe in flexibility at all in its application. He believes that sa-loons should be closed from midnight on Saturday to midnight on Sunday. This, and no more and no less, is the measure of his application of this principle. He is never heard advocating the closing of saloons two or three days in the week, and he is shocked beyond measure when, in the application of the principle he has announced, it is proposed that there shall be legal opening of the sa-loons half the day on Sunday in order that there may be accomplished abio-lute closing a half day during the week. The securing of a half day's closing of the saloons one day in the week, where nothing else can be secured, is in perfect accord with the principle that it is better to close the saloons one day in the week than 'not at all, and the fact that the Sunday enforcement advocates endorse the one and not the other, shows conclusively that their concern is not for the closing of saloons but for the en-forcement of a religious institution and observance. An exchange says that "the question of Sunday golf has come up in Philadel-phia in rather a novel way," and explains 