692  THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. GOVERNMENT AND RELIGION. A PROMINENT National Reformer, Rev. J. M. Fos-ter, of New York, a minister of the Reformed Presby-terian Church, has recently given his reasons for not supporting the United Christian Party, even though its platform recognizes " God as sovereign, the Lord Jesus as King, and the Bible as the supreme law in national affairs." Of the party in question Mr. Fos-ter says: "They act within the political body that has ac-cepted of authority under the Constitution of the United States, and their candidates, if elected, would be required to swear to support the Constitution. " The national Constitutional is the supreme law of the land and not a party platform, and while their sentiments before election day are good, their con-duct in administering the Government would be regulated by a Constitution that does not mention God's name nor acknowledge Christ nor refer to the Holy Word. The sentiments of their platform reach to heaven, their conduct in office would be chained to earth by an immoral Constitution which they swear to support. "Covenanters refuse to support the Constitution of the United States, either personally as officers or representatively at the ballot-box. They are not indifferent to politics, but there is a higher law to which we .owe our allegiance. We take this position not from sentiments of unpatriotic disloyalty to our country, but from motives of patriotic loyalty to Christ. We can not take the oath of allegiance to the United States." Doubtless Mr. Foster is entirely conscientious in this matter. The Scotch Covenanters, of whom the Reformed Presbyterians are the lineal descendants, witnessed to the sincerity of their faith by the things they suffered; but sincerity does not prove that its possessors are right; it simply entitles men to re-spect not due to mere pretenders. Inasmuch as Mr. Foster and his coreligionists be-lieve in moral reform by political action it is not easy to see why they refuse to act politically until the reform they seek has been accomplished. Whether they participate in the affairs of govern-ment or not, they are part and parcel of the people, and with us the people are, theoretically at least, the governing power. Therefore, if, as Mr. Foster maintains, the Government has an individuality and a responsibility apart from the individuals who com-pose the nation, we confess that we can not see how any one is going to escape his share of that respon-sibility simply by refusing to act his part. It is not, however, the thought of the writer that any one is under moral obligation either to vote or to hold office. Quite the contrary, but this is only because we do not believe with Mr. Foster that moral reform may be accomplished by vote of Con-gress or that moral responsibility can by any possi-bility attach to anything except to moral personsÑthat is, to individuals. Anybody may swear allegiance to the Constitu-tion of the United States and go to work the next moment to secure the most radical changes in that instrument without violating his oath, provided al-ways he proceeds according to constitutional methods. If, therefore, it is Christian duty to agitate for political reforms or for moral reforms by politi-cal methods and through political channels, then Mr. Foster and his fellow-reformers are clearly with-out excuse in their refusal to participate in politics simply because the Constitution is not now what they believe it should be. But we are not of the number of those who be-lieve that Mr. Foster and his coreligionists are ad-vocating a real reform. They demand, first of all, that the national Constitution shall " acknowledge Almighty God as the author of the nation's exis-tence and the ultimate source of its authority, Jesus Christ as its ruler, and the Bible as the supreme rule of its conduct, and thus indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all Christian laws, insti-tutions, and usages of our Government on an unde-niable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." Let us see what is involved in this, or rather let us examine briefly one or two things involved in it. First, if it is designed to be more than merely com-plimentary; if it is to be practical, and Jesus Christ is indeed to be king, and the Bible the supreme rule of governmental action, then as Jesus Christ is not here in person, as he would not himself sit uppn the throne, there would necessarily be a vicegerent or one to rule :instead of Jesus Christ and in his name. But this would be nothing short of another papacy, an exact image or likeness of the Roman Papacy. Again, if the Bible were indeed to be the su-preme rule of governmental action it would of neces-sity be judicially interpreted either arbitrarily by the pretended vicegerent of Jesus Christ or by the courts, just as the Constitution and laws of Congress are now construed by the courts. And this was 