How About Sunday Buying ? By J. N Loughborough 1 NOTICE in the THE SENTINEL for January an account of the arrest in Minneapolis of R. S. Keller for "sell-ing goods in his store on Sunday," in which it was stated : "Mr. Keller says he was in his store opening his mail when a man entered and desired to pur-chase an umbrella, and he sold one as an accommodation. The man was a mem-ber of the clerk's association, and he at once brought action against the mer-chant." Again, in the February number of THE SENTINEL I read this item : "On January 5, John J. Barry, a delegate for the Association of Grocery Clerks, was busy in the interests of Sunday enforce-ment on the West Side, in New York City. He purchased a four-cent box of stove polish at one place, and a ten-cent can of peas at another. These he ex-hibited as evidence against the two grocerymen, whose arrests he had caused, in the West Side police court the next day. Both men were fined $5 each." If I get a correct idea of the Scripture teaching relative to true Sabbath-keeping the buyer on the Sabbath day would be just as guilty as the man who sold. It seems that the matter was so understood in the days of Nehemiah. We read : "There dwelt men of Tyre also therein, which brought fish, and all manner of ware, and sold on the Sabbath unto the children of Judah, and in Jerusalem. Then I contended with the nobles of Ju-dah [the buyers], and said unto them, What evil thing is this that ye do, and profane the Sabbath day? Did not your fathers thus, and did not our God bring all this evil upon us, and upon this city?  Vet ye bring more wrath upon Israel by profaning the Sabbath." Neh. 13:16-18. From this it is clear that Nehemiah con-sidered it a profanation of the Sabbath to buy on that day as well as to sell. The query arises : What about those who regard Sunday as the Sabbath being so zealous to guard against selling on that day, but who say nothing about the buying! Why not have a penalty for the man who buys as well as for the man who sells on Sunday, and especially if he is going out of his way to buy on pur-pose to entrap the merchant or seller? In this connection I call to mind a case of "fishing on Sunday," which was tried in a justice's court in the State of New York, near to where I lived some fifty-five years ago. The law of the State, at that time, forbade traveling on Sunday, "unless in cases of charity or necessity, or in going to or returning from some church or place of worship." After the justice had heard the evi-dence of the witness against the man for fishing, he imposed the fine stated in the law. Then he turned to the witness and inquired, "Where were you on that day?" The answer was, "I went out to watch this man fishing." "Did you go to church ?" "No." "Then," said the jus-tice, "you traveled out there to see the man fish, which was illegal traveling upon the first day of the week, so I im-pose a similar fine upon you for Sabbath-breakingŠillegal traveling on that day." This justice saw the folly of the whole thing; but as they wanted to enforce the law he. would let them have the full force of it according to its very letter. We heard no more of arrests for "Sunday-breaking" in that locality. 