TWO CHAPTERS OF HISTORY 763 ernment. . . . In view of the mis-representations of the National purpose made both abroad and at home, it is well to recall what the United States has done for a sister country, and to note the significance of the fact that, for the first time in the history of the world [1] one nation has freed another nation, set it on its feet and bidden it God-speed at the outset of its independent life. At the cost of many millions of dollars, a heavy sacrifice of life, and the facing of per-plexing problems, the United States has relieved Cuba of the burden of Spanish misgovernment, from which she has suffered since the discovery of the New World, has given her a chance to frame  her own form of government, and with no restrictions save those which are im-posed by good sense and a recognition of the inevitable closeness of the rela-tionship between the island and the con-tinent, has left her to pursue her own course. . . . The story of our transactions with Cuba will not be complete until Congress has taken proper action on the reciprocity measure. . . . When that meas-ure is passed and the final chapter of the liberation of Cuba and the establishment of its free government is closed, it will be one of the most honorable in the his-tory of the world.ŠFrom editorial on "A Chapter of History" in The Outlook, May 31. Religious Liberty in Russia.ŠThe government of Russia has recently been compelled to face the principle of re-ligious liberty, and has at any rate not pronounced against it. Some months ago, at the great annual Mission Con-ference in Orel, probably the most im-portant religious convention held in Rus-sia in which the laity also participate, a high official, M. Stachowitz, the marshal of the nobility of that governmental de-partment, delivered an address in which he declared that the law forbidding any member of the Orthodox Church to join the "Rascol" (or the sects), or even the Protestant Church, was contrary to the spirit of Christianity, and that its aboli-tion would bring only untold blessings to Russia. As the Mission Conference met chiefly for the purpose of devising ways and means to counteract the grow-ing influence of the Rascol, these senti-ments from theŁ chief representative of the nobility of Orel attracted wide atten-tion, and aroused considerable interest in Russia and elsewhere as to the probable action of his colleagues and of the gov-ernment in the premises. Hitherto the  Government had been enforcing the law against apostasy in a determined man-ner, Russia being the only one of the European states, save Turkey, that pro-hibits its people from joining relig-iws communions other than the state church. Only a few years ago the Russian govern-ment systematically and persistently per-secuted the Lutheran pastors of the three German Baltic provinces for giving spir-itual comfort or pastoral service to people claimed by the Orthodox Church. Dozens of Protestant pastors were fined, imprisoned, and some even sent to Si-beria. Recently the election of a mar-shal for the nobility of Orel was again before the colleagues of Stachowitz, and he was re-elected practically without op-position.. Many feared that the govern-ment would refuse to sanction this choice, but it has, on the contrary, confirmed the election. The protagonist of religious lib-erty in Russia has accordingly at least not been deprived of this influential position?  although the government has not given any positive approval of the principle he so vigorously defended.ŠThe Independ-ent. 