102 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY pean birth or descent, being white men; that they were created equal, and hence that Great Britain had no right to deprive them of their political and religious privileges; but the sign-ers of that paper did not intend to include the Indian or the negro in that declaration; for if they had, would they not have been bound to abolish slavery in every State and colony from that day? Remember, that at the time the Declaration was put forth, every one of the thirteen colonies were slaveholding colonies; every man who signed that Declara-tion represented slaveholding consituents. Did those signers mean by that act to charge them-selves and all their constituents with having violated the law of God, in holding the negro in an inferior condition to the white man?... Did they mean to say that the Indian, on this continent, was created equal to the white men, and that he was endowed by the Almighty with inalienable rightsŠrights so sacred that they could not be taken away by any consti-tution or law that man could pass? . . . I hold the white race, the European race, I care not whether Irish, German, French, Scotch, English, or to what nation they belong, so they are the white race, to be our equals. ...The Declaration of Independence only in-cluded the white people. of the United States. The profession of America, or rather the profession of those who have acted for her in the matter, has been that she was to govern the Philippines in a very different manner from and on a plane far above that of the government pro- vided by other nations for their subject territories, and that things were to be accomplished that had never been dreamed of in other colonies. Nothing was to be learned from other nations; on the contrary, they were to be shown at last just how superbly colonies could be governed. Yet, strange to say, the Government sent a political economist around the world to study the methods and ways employed by other nations in governing their subject peoples, with the purpose of making use of the infor-mation thus obtained in conducting af-fairs in the Philippines. And, when he came to make his report, this agent of the Government recommended the adop- tion in the Philippines of several things that he found in the other colonies which he had visited. But the principal thing recommended, and there is no reason to believe that the recommendation will not be carried into effect, was the adoption of the coolie labor system! This is a scheme heartily endorsed by the capitalists who are interested in the Philippines, but not in the Filipinos. This means that, re-gardless of the interests of the Filipinos, cheap labor with which they cannot com-pete will be brought in from China to do the labor for the interests which desire to exploit the islands as soon as possible. And not only that, but the laborers so brought in will be under contract to labor for a certain employer or corporation for a term of years, and during that.  time they will be penned up in the districts in which they work, will not be permitted to escape from them, or under any cir-cumstances to escape from their service until their time is up. In short, they will be absolutely under the control of those for whom they labor, and during their term of service will be virtually slaves. To such a pass has American imperialism already come! It is ready to adopt with alacrity what is undoubtedly among the very worst, if not the worst, practises to be found in the most despotically gov-erned of subject countries. President Schurman of Cornell University and Dr. Felix Adler, of New York, have in public speeches pointed out the iniquity of this thing, and have called upon those who heard them to do all in their power to prevent the carrying into effect of the scheme. Dr. Adler has especially ar-raigned the proposition, and we fully ex-pect to be able to present in the next two numbers of THE SENTINEL utterances of his on this subject that have not yet ap-peared in print. If our expectation is realized, the two coming issues of THE SENTINEL will be of exceptional value, and should have wide circulation. 