140 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY suance of the purpose of that law, the transgressor is forcibly deprived of his liberty. Either by incarceration, or by other penalties, restraint is put upon the evil-minded person, so that he is forcibly kept within the pathway of civility. The law of man takes no account of the in-dividual's conduct further than this. We are apt to form our conception of God's law from what we know of law as made and executed on this earth. It is natural and easy to do so, especially as the law of man often professes to re-enact or enforce the law of God. But all this is an egregious error. In char-acter and purpose the two are alto-gether distinct. They are different also in their methods of operation. The law of man deals with outward acts. It operates upon the individual only from without. God's law, on the other hand, deals with the secret thoughts and motives of the heart. It operates upon the individual from within. "The law of the Lord is perfect, coverting the soul." Ps. 19: 7. It leads the individual not only to conduct him-self civilly, but to do that which is right in all things, because such is the desire of his heart. Having that law in his heart, he has a supreme love for the right. The law of God, therefore, could not be made effective through the re-straints employed by the law of man. The former leads men into perfect liber-ty; the latter leads him into less liberty than he already enjoys. To try to make the law of God effective through depriv-ing a man of his liberty, is to endeavor to make it operate in precisely the op- posite manner from that to which it is ordained by its Author. This is the trouble with all "Sabbath" laws, and all other forms of religious legislation. They are contrary to the divine law in the employment of coercion to secure obedience, if in nothing else. They would compel man to offer a forced tribute to his Maker, which would only be an insult to Him. He who has the law of God in his heart has perfect liberty, and in this perfect liberty offers to God a tribute of love ; and this is ac-ceptable and well-pleasing to Him. "God is love," and His law is a law of loveŠthe law of that which is holy and pure and just. But this can be attained to only in Christ. Only in Christ can the law of God get into the heart at all. And Christianity is the manifestation of the power and the wisdom of God in putting Christ into the heart of a man for his salvation. By this the individual knows the perfect liberty, love, and righteousness of Christ's own life; for of such an one it is written: "I am crucified with Christ; nevertheless I live ; yet not I, but Christ liveth in me." Gal. 2 : 20. The life of Christ is everlasting, and it is retained by faith. By faith, and not by force, the law of God is made the rule of life; and faith is not of force, but of the free will of the believer. The foun-tain head of the Christian life is liberty, and the stream is liberty through all its flow. And thus it is seen that the law of God is but a delineation of the pathway of perfect liberty, which those enjoy who by faith have Christ living in their hearts. The impious presumption of legisla- tical, who, being themselves but fallible tors and rulers, civil as well as ecclesias- and uninspired men, have assumed do- 