58 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY their procurators." Three days in suc-cession this proclamation was made. Then, as there was no answer from either of the popes, they were pronounced " in contumacy." Then resolutions were adopted " that the holy council was canon-ically called and constituted, by the two colleges of the cardinals now blended into one ; that to them it belonged to take cognizance of the two competitors for the papacy." Then there was read a full ac-count of the origin and progress of the schism up to that time, the account con-cluding as follows : Seeing that the contending prelates have been duly cited, and, not appearing, declared contumacious, they are deprived of their pon-tifical dignity, and their partisans of their hon-ors, offices, and benefices. If they contravene this sentence of deposition, they may be pun-ished and chastised by secular judges. All kings, princes, and persons of every rank or quality are absolved from their oaths, and re-leased from all allegiance to the two rival claimants of the pop'edom. Following this several days were de-voted to the hearing of the testimony of witnesses. But it was soon found that witnesses who could be easily found were innumerable, and so, not to prolong the council to unnecessary length, they de-'dared that the main facts were matters of public notoriety," and, in the next ses-sion, proceeded to definite sentence. The session was opened with a sermon from the bishop of Sisteron, who had been a strong partisan of Benedict XIII. He preached from the text, " Purge away your old leaven," and in his sermon de-clared that Benedict XIII. and Gregory XII. were " no more popes than my old shoes." He .pronounced them " worse than Annas and Caiaphas," and compared them even to " the devils in hell." Then the sentence of the council was pro-nounced as follows : The holy universal council, representing the Catholic Church of God, to whom belongs the  judgment in this cause, assembled by the grace of the Holy Ghost in the Cathedral of Pisa, having duly heard the promoters of the cause for the extirpation of the detestable and invet-erate schism, the union and re-establishment of our holy mother Church, against Peter de Luna and Angelo Corario, called by some Benedict XIII. and Gregory XII., declares the crimes and excesses, adduced before the coun-cil, to be true, and of public fame. The two competitors, Peter de Luna and Angelo Cora-rio, have been and are notorious schismatics, obstinate partisans, abettors, defenders, approv-ers of this long schism; notorious heretics as having departed from the faith; involved in the crimes of perjury and breach of their oaths; openly scandalizing the Church by their manifest obstinacy, and utterly incorrigible. By their enormous iniquities and excesses they have made themselves unworthy of all honor and dignity, especially of the supreme pon-tificate; and though by the canons they are actually rejected of God, deprived and cut off from the Church, the council nevertheless ex-communicates, rejects, and deposes them, and pronounces them excommunicated, rejected, and deposed by the present definitive sentence; forbids them henceforth to assume the name of high pontiffs, and all Christians, on pain of excommunication, to obey them, or lend them any assistance whatever; annuls all the judg-ments they have hitherto given, or may hence-forth give, as well as the promotion of car-dinals made latterly by eitherŠby Angelus Corarius since the 3d of May of the preceding year, and by Peter de Luna since the t5th of June of the same year; and lastly, declares upon the whole for further security, the apos-tolic See to be at present vacant, and the car-dinals at liberty to proceed to anew election." ŠMilnman. :The next thing was the election of a new pope. This could not be by the council, but only by the cardinals. The twenty-six cardinals spent eleven days in conclave, and then announced the election of friar Peter Chilargi, more than seventy years old, who was proclaimed pope under the name of Alexander V. ( June 26, 1409, to May 3, 14.10). It was very soon discovered that, in-stead of Christendom's having now one pope, it had three; that the efforts of the council and the cardinals in setting up a 