RELIGIOUS LIBERTY:, ITS SCOPE AND FOUNDATION 665- in the chain-gang, not because they interfere with any right of their fel-low-citizens, not because they threaten the public -peace or in any way endan-ger the welfare of the state or of so-ciety, but because they do not observe and do not yield a certain religious (ref-erence and respect to a religious ob- Łservance, to an institution of the church, to an institution which had its origin in religion and which has no meaning and no existence except as an institution of religion and of the church, but which long ago, in the church-mid-state systems of Europe, became en-trenched in the civil law? And would you believe me that twice within the last ten years the national government itself, contrary to all its previous course, has enacted very similar legis-lation and has given its sanction to the whole principle of such legislation? I refer to the legislation by which the observance of the "Lord's Day" (so-called) is enforced by the state by the Łprohibition- as crimes and misdemean-ors " common labor," " worldly em-ployments," amusements, sports, etc., on " the first day of the week, com-monly called Sunday." It can hardly he said that in any American State which has a Sunday law, and, as I have said, nearly every one of them have such laws, the civil power exercises no pref-erence among the various churches or sects, but holds all as having equal rights under the law and as equally entitled to the protection of the law. Such legislation plainly discriminates in favor of the religious class that ob-serves Sunday and against all those religious people who observe any other day and all those people who do not feel that they are under obligation to observe any day. It would not affect the matter a particle if there were but one non-Sunday observer in The State, and if every other person in the State  belonged to the religious class that ob-served Sunday as a religious institu-tion. Such legislation would still be an unwarrantable exercise of prefer-ence for a religious class and discrim-ination against the single dissenter. Religious Liberty in TruthŠIts Source and Foundation So much for religious liberty in its. ordinary sense. But religious liberty is infinitely more than what I have de-scribed, and it has a foundation infi-nitely greater than man's aversion for-tyranny and his love of liberty ; for behind the ineradicable love of free-dom, behind the spirit which can never-accept tyranny and oppression as its lot, is something which I can only very imperfectly suggest, and which I am unworthy, to speak of at all. It is some-thing that leads into an ocean of thought that is fathomless to the' great-ests of intellects, " For the love of God is broader Than the measure of man's mind,.  And the heart of the Eternal Is most wonderfully kind. There's a wideness in His mercy, Like the wideness of the sea; There's a kindness in His justice That is more than liberty." The source and foundation of relig-ious liberty, as of everything that is good, and true, and joy-inspiring and enobling, is the great kindness, mercy, and love of our God Š is God Himself,. for "God is love;" His nature, His law, is love ; and, as it seems to me, religious liberty in its last analysis is the service, the life, of love Š the glad, the free, the uncoerced conformity of the creature to the will and purpose of the great Creator of all. Religious liberty is liberty in that highest of all spheres Š the sphere of moral and spiritual relations, the sphere in which man and all created intelli-gences have relations with their Maker 