EDITORIAL 425 thoroughly consistent with the idea of legislative protection of "one day of rest in seven for workingmen" that is so com-monly proclaimed by the Sunday en-forcement people. Yet we will venture to say that they will not look with much satisfaction upon this new law in France. Under the Massachusetts Sunday law at present it is permissible to attend and take part in "sacred concerts." Very naturally under this law all entertain-ments in the nature of concerts that take place on Sunday have become "sacred." The forces which have assumed the guardianship of the "sacredness" of the legal "Sabbath" are not satisfied with the sacredness of many of the enter-tainments given, and so another bill has come before the legislature "to further regulate" such entertainments. It provides that "no entertainment may be given on the Lord's day that is not of a sacred character." It retains the present plan of giving incor-porated religious and charitable societies a monoply of the Sunday concert busi-ness, but declares that the officers of such societies must prove the sacredness of the concerts given under their auspices. The "entire proceeds must be devoted to re-ligious and charitable purposes." Evi-dently this is to be only a re-enactment of the present law. The Haverhill (Mass.) Gazette says the present law "is a sufficient guarantee against rowdyism or unfit gatherings, and while the con-certs are not always strictly sacred, there is seldom anything offered that would in-terfere with the observance of the day by those who are so inclined." But the Sunday-enforcement people are not thinking about rowdyism, nor are they concerned with merely preventing inter-ference "with the observance of the day by those who are so inclined." It is with those who are not "so inclined" that they  are concerned. They want everybody to be made to act as if they were observing the day religiouslyŠas they want it ob-servedŠand they will be satisfied with nothing less than that. But they will no doubt always be in trouble over this mat-ter of "sacred" concerts, for there can never be any certainty as to what are sacred and what are not, at least as far as the State is concerned. It should not be necessary for us to inform the Truth Seeker that we do not regard the conscience of the Jew as en-titled to any more consideration before the law than that of the agnostic, or that we do not regard it as proper to exempt one class of people from the operation of the Sunday law while it is enforced upon other classes. We regard all people, whether Jews, Christians, agnostics, in-fidels, or what not, as having equal rights . and being entitled to equal protection be-fore the law, and what appeared in THE SENTINEL with reference to Mayor Low's suspension of Sunday enforcement against the Jews was not meant to con-vey the impression that it was proper to extend to them privileges which were de-nied to other people, and we do not see how that idea could be gathered from what we said concerning the matter. It is the individual who has rights before the law, not Jews, Christians, agnostics, infidels, etc. As to the propriety of the Mayor's action, that is rather a difficult question. Nevertheless there is to us a wide difference between anarchy and the refusal to enforce a statute that is mani-festly unconstitutional and unjust, and we do not believe that it is inconsistent with the principles of American law for an executive officer to refuse to carry in-to effect an act which he regards as at variance with the highest law of the State or the nation. Most assuredly an executive officer is not a maker of laws, 