AN INDICTMENT OF NEW YORK'S SUNDAY LAW 537 willing to expunge it from our statute book as others would be to acquiesce in the wisdom and magnanimity of so just a measure. It is the law alone, not the motives which induced its enactment, which I condemn. The law itself is still the same, and equally wrong, be the motives which gave it existence ever so unexceptionable. The purity of the motives may excuse their possessors from uncharitable crimi-nation, but never can justify measures resulting even from honest error. That the law in question is a wrong resulting from good intentions I have no reason or disposition to doubt. Because its pro-visions and its effect are adverse to the Christian religion professed by those who probably influenced its enactment, it is fair, or at least it is charitable, to infer that had its inconsistency with the moral precepts of that religious system been adverted to and duly considered, it would never have become or continued a law after the adoption of the constitution of this State. I will not deny that in treating on this subject I have, in several instances, run into actual or apparent repetition. Though this is an error, I trust it is not inexcusable. Were an apology deemed necessary and admissible, I would state that the same facts and inductions were found to apply equally to several objec-tions which I have supposed would prob-ably be raised against the positions I have taken, and I chose to leave the acknowl-edged error uncorrected, rather than hazard or sacrifice perspicuity by at-tempting to repair an excusable breach of the rules of composition. There has been often manifested a dis-position to affect an extension of the er-roneous principles and provisions of the Sunday laws, so called. Among other measures proposed the interdiction of traveling and transportation on the ca-nals on Sunday has more than once been  attempted to be effected. These and sev-eral other occurences which have hap-pened in the course of several years past have had a tendency to excite the public mind and incline it to the investigation of the religious as well as the political rights of the people. All the statute laws of the State are now undergoing the pro-cess of review and revision. These cir-cumstances among others induce me to deem it my duty to give publicity to the following pages, and to choose the pres-ent time for that purpose; and in the lan-guage of Junius, to exhort and conjure the people " never to suffer an invasion of your political constitution, however minute the instance might appear, to pass by without a determined, persevering re-sistance. One precedent creates another. They soon accumulate and constitute law. What yesterday was fact, to-day is doctrine. Examples are supposed to justify the most dangerous measures, and where they do not suit exactly, the defect is supplied by analogy. This is not the cause of a faction, or a party, or an in-dividual, but the common interest of every man in the community." On entering upon the subject of in-vestigation I would have it explicitly understood that I disclaim any intention of treating it as a religious polemic. I shall not advocate the sectarian tenets of any one denomination of theologists more than another, but as a just man, willing to award to others rights equal to those I claim for myself, and contending for the equal rights of all mankind to the " free exercise and enjoyment of the be-nevolent principles of rational liberty," I propose to show : First, That the act of the legislature of this [New York] State, entitled "An act for suppressing immorality," violates the natural, inalienable and equal rights of man. Secondly, That it contravenes the ex- 