SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sundae enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instance" must he a hare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. The "stores and shops' of Lidger-wood, N. D., were closed on Sunday, November 8, "pursuant to Mayor Mor-row's order." Six " Sunday hunters were fined the costs by Squire Mackelfresh " at Win-ton Place, Ohio, on November 13, " as Sunday hunting is illegal in Ohio." At Roxbury, Mass., on November 16, George Grow was fined $50 for keep-ing his stable open on the Lord's day for the purpose of selling horses." He appealed. It is reported from Kansas City, Kan., that " all grocery and dry goods stores will be closed Sundays here-after." " This move is the result of the action of the merchants' associa-tion." The proposition debated at the first meeting of the present season of the New Britain, Conn., Y. M. C. A. deba-ting club was, "Resolved, that public Sunday amusements be prohibited." " The affirmative won." In the course of a sermon at St. John's Episcopal Church in Butte, Mont., on October 25, Rev. S. C. Black-iston declared that "Sunday theatri-cal performances disobey the laws of the State, and whoever attends them is a law-breaker." A protest against Sunday labor on the contract of asphalting the streets of that city was entered by the New Albany, Ind., ministerial association on November 16. They declared : " We believe this to be demoralizing to the city and community, as well as in vio-lation of the statute, and enter our un-qualified protest against further dese-cration of the Lord's day." At Chelsea, Mass., on November 16, Benjamin Kimbleman " was before the court charged with violation of the Lord's day, it being alleged that he was at work in a Chelsea house at pa-per-hanging" on the previous day. He pleaded not guilty, and the case was continued. In the police court at Dedham, Mass., on November 16, two persons " were each fined $10 for hunting on the Lord's day," and seven " were fined $5 each for card playing on Sunday." It is said that " the police are deter-mined to stop card playing on Sun-day." Why on Sunday more than on other days? At Merrill, Wis., on November 9, "a warrant was sworn out against L. Krom, for selling goods on Sunday." A customer who had purchased a suit that did not fit, wished to exchange it for another, and Mr. Krom's offense was in acceding to this request on Sun-day. " The majority of the business places are unanimous on the Sunday closing." At Great Falls, Mont., on November 12, " Rev. Mr. Agar, on behalf of the association of ministers, waited upon Manager Frary of the opera house, and served formal notice that if the per-formance booked for the following Sunday evening was given both he and the managers of the show would be arrested under section 530 of the penal code." The ministers did " not object to the character of the show, but to the Sunday performance," and " do not propose to yield this point during the present season." A barber " who was detected sha-ving men in his shop" at Dubuque, Iowa, on Sunday, November 15, " was Ł Ł 