A QUESTION OF PRINCIPLE 237 exercise of their natural and God-given right to use the day as they please so long as they respect -the rights of others ? Sunday keeping or Sunday breaking is not a question to be decided by majorities, and minorities should never ask or will-ingly accept exemptions or toleration in. the exercise of religion. Lord Stanhope, of England, declared in 1827: " The time was when toleration was craved by dis-senters as a boon ; it is now demanded as a right ; but the time will come when it will be spurned as an insult." That time has come. I spurn the thought of asking the legislature to favor me or the people I represent in any religious matter, or to tolerate me or them in violating restric-tions in a matter of religion that are im-posed upon others. We ask for no favor, and for no special recognition of our rights. W.e ask for nothing more and nothing less than the recognition of the right of every American citizen, of what-ever persuasion, pp be free from the dicta-tion and interference of government in every matter of religion. As for ourselves, we feel that He whom  we serve will vindicate us in every time of trial if we are true to Him, no matter what unjust discriminations the law may make or what may be the attitude of those in authority toward us. We serve Him who went into the fiery furnace and the lions' den with His servants, who were less then than one-third of one per cent. of the people at that time, and brought to naught the persecuting decrees of the Babylonian and Medo-Persian monarchs ; He who unlocked the prison doors for Peter and unloosed the stocks which held Paul and Silas in the dungeon; He who has gone to the dungeon and the stake with millions of persons to establish and confirm the truth that with things relig-ious, with things which have to do with man's relation to God, civil government can of right have nothing to do. I favor the bill before you because I believe our legislators should have to do only with things secular, and that there should be no law upon our statute books which invades the realm of conscience and desecrates the sanctuary of the soul. amusement, expressed the religious sentiment of the people of those States or colonies. The early settlers in New England were Bible Christians in the literal sense, taking the Ten Commandments and the moral precepts of the Old and New Testaments as the rule and guide of legislation. Whatever criticism may be meted out to them, they cannot be charged with inconsistency, insincerity or lack of pro-found respect for what was regarded as the " Lord's Day." In recent years, however, Sun-day legislation has not looked to a religious, but to a social sanction. The question is not, " Does God command such an enactment," but does the body politic, which in many instances means the political body, or an influential fac-tor of the same, demand it. The proposed law above is of this nature. In an effort to close delicatessen-shops, which in large cities are beginning to compete somewhat with groceries, those interested in the latter are moving the legislature to close up these places from all secular labor and every form ofon Sunday. Against such legislation, all fair We are glad to note that The Law Register, of Chicago, condemns the Sun-day-closing measure which the clerks of Illinois, and especially of Chicago, arc trying hard to get enacted into law at the present session of the legislature. The Register gave prominence to the mat-ter in its issue of March 4, and in its comment called attention to a very impor-tant fact with regard to Sunday legis-lation that should not be overlooked by those who would intelligently discuss and oppose such legislation to-day : Students of Sunday laws note a radical change in the character and purposes of those who propose such laws to-day as compared with the authors of the so-called " Blue Laws." The ancient statutes of Connecticut and Massachusetts which safeguarded Sunday 