94  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY are at least compelled to "respect" the "holy" day; and whether they consider the observation of this ",holy" day a re-ligious duty or not, the people who com-pel them to "respect" it, "consider it a religious duty," and also a necessity of their spiritual and moral nature. If this is not the logic of these quotations that we have given from Senator Hoar, and if they do not show that Sunday laws do compel men to a religious observance by law, then we utterly fail to understand them. They seem to us to be fatal to the contention of a purely "civic basis" for Sunday legislation. The Senator says that he does not enter "into the question of whether the Fourth Commandment was a divine command at all, whether it was for Jews alone, or whether it relates to the seventh or the first day of the week," and that he concedes "that the legislative power of the State has no right to be discussing such questions or acting upon such rea-sons." This is good, but that is a strange position which holds that the legislature may enforce respect for, and the ob-servance of, a religious institution and yet that it has no right to inquire into and to discuss questions that are per-fectly proper in connection with such institution. While the connection may be somewhat remote, we are reminded strongly by this of that habit of ostriches whereby they avoid disagreeable and dangerous situations by hiding their heads behind rocks and in crevices, fondly imagining that by refusing to look at the danger that it no longer exists. The fact that a legislature ignores and refuses to consider the religious char-acter of an institution which it enforces upon the citizen does not alter in the slightest degree the character of such legislation. The "Civil" Rest Day "a Day for Religious Uses" In striking contrast with the statement of Senator Hoar that the legislature has no right to concern itself with religious questions and observances, however large may be the majority which believes in them, are the declared objects and purposes of the organization of which he is president and in the interests of which he has written this article on "The Civic Basis of Sunday Laws." The New England Sabbath Protective League de-clares itself to be "the only organization for the defense of the Lord's day in New England." It declares its object to be "to maintain the observance of the Lord's day as a civil rest day and a day for re-ligious uses," and that it is to be defended "against the encroachments of business and pleasure." In appealing to its friends for assistance it declares in italics that "the interests of the 'Lord of the Sabbath' demand your practical sympathy." And with these avowpd religious motives and religious ends in view it works for "the protection and enforcement of Sunday laws." Everything goes to show that the pre-dominating object and purpose of this organization is the maintenance by civil law of a religious institution. This is too plain to admit of question. The very name of the organizationÑ"Sabbath Pro-tective League"Ñstamps it as distinctly religious in character and purpose. Can any one look at its long roll of officers, with the lists of "reverends," "bishops," etc., and have any further doubt as to its real character? Think of maintain-ing "the observance of the Lord's day as a civil rest day!" Can any one fail to see the preposterous character of the object here avowed? -But notice the full statement: "Its object shall be to main- 