EDITORIAL. 377 appointment and on a salary paid from the treasury of the nation, should come to measure their ability to command re-spect by the uniform they wear and the size of the salary they receive. The chaplaincies should be abolished, and the work which the incumbents of such places are supposed to do should be left to those who are moved by other con-siderations than those by which most of the Government's " ministers " are moved. There are some things that are never satisfied, and among them are the -religious organizations or persons who have tasted and learned to love govern-mental patronage and support. "More, more, more! More power and more money," is their cry always. Ł . Ireland, 0' Gorman and Ike Government The master hand of the Papacy is very plainly revealed in the matter of a gov-ernmental commission to they' Vatican. In the newspapers of April 18 appeared this item : Archbishop Ireland and Bishop O'Gorman probably will leave this country for Rome in time to be at the Vatican when Governor Taft reaches there on his way to Manila. The prel-ates are well advised of the intentions of this government respecting not only the friars' land question, but other matters of importance con-cerning the relations of church and state in the Philippines. Undoubtedly these papal representa-tives are well advised in regard to this whole matter, and of course Archbishop Ireland must be on hand at Rome when Governor Taft arrives at the Vatican to see and to chuckle over the climax in the great papal triumph which ' he has evi-dently been largely instrumental in bringing about. The Archbishop has been doing entire-ly too much courting of the American Government in behalf of the Papacy in  recent years, and this commission is one of the results of it. It is said that as a result of this latest outcome of his en-deavors he is to be rewarded by being made a cardinal by the "Holy See." It would seem that it was about time the American people were getting their eyes open to this papal game. Why is it that these two prelates have been kept so well advised with regard to the Govern-ment's intentions in this matter? If it is the "Sovereign Pontiff" that must be conferred with, why is it that the busi-ness and intentions of the Government in the matter have been laid before these men ? If they cut such an important fig-ure in the matter, why is it that the Gov-ernment does not deal with them, right here in America instead of sending a commission to Rome? It would seem that a very pertinent inquiry for the American people to raise just now would be as to why Ireland and O'Gorman have been well advised in regard to matters in which they themselves have received precious little information. And another pertinent inquiry that should be raised is as to why it is that the Government, while preparing to.  dispatch a commission to a foreign potentate for the "transaction of business," informs the agents and the underlings of that potentate of its whole intentions in the matter in advance? Does it suppose that this will contribute to its interests in the matter, or facilitate the proper transaction of the "business"? The transaction of business does not usually include dickering with third par-ties. Either the Government has no busi-ness to be sending a commission to the Vatican, or else it has had no business to be keeping Ireland and O'Gorman well-advised in the matter. In the light of common sense one of the things is totally inconsistent with the other. But the whole thing is consistent in the light of papal manipulation. Instead of the 