568  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the alleged command of God, or that of the legislature? If the latter, then the alleged command of God is set at naught. If the former, then the legislative com-mand is left without even the shadow of justification. The reader can take his choice of these difficulties, or escape from  the dilemma here presented in the way he may think most likely to effect that object. It would seem, however, rather unfortunate for the character of the law in question that it should be condemned by the very authority quoted and appealed to in its justification. ¥ An order of the adjutant-general of the Connecticut National Guard directing Troop A, cavalry, of New Haven to leave on Sunday, August 9, on its march to the annual encampment at Niantic called forth protests from religious sources. A communication was sent to the adjutant-general from the Sunday school board of the Pearl Street Methodist Church in New Haven in which it was stated that " at a special meeting called by request to consider the matter the board voted unanimously to protest against the order and request that it be rescinded," and that a similar protest was " coming from the Society of Epworth League." One para-graph in the communication read thus : There may be some reason why it is desir-able to start on the march on Sunday, but the Captain of our salvation has ordered us all to " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy; six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work," and we believe His order should be obeyed. In a communication to the press Rev. W. S. McIntire made these statements : The passage of this troop through a part of the State on the holy Sabbath is regarded by not a few of our citizens as a great moral and religious misfortune. It will be the cause of the demoralization of the members of the troop and the people living along the route. It is necessary, for the greatest efficiency of gov-ernment, that the citizens have a reverence for the law. The march of the troop will in-volve a lowering of the regard for the law re-lating to the Sabbath. . . . The desecration of the holy Sabbath should not be imposed by an order from the State. He quoted " from a letter written by Abraham Lincoln, November 15, 1862," in which " the orderly observance of the  Sabbath by the officers and men in the military and naval service" was enjoined, and quoted also the State Sunday law, which he claimed was violated by the or-der in question. Whether or not the order was rescinded we do not know. In com-menting on the matter the New Haven Register made this very pertinent point : The church societies, or at least many of them, do not hesitate to invoke the blessing of the Almighty upon their army when at war, an act of very doubtful ethical virtue and rev-erence, and are prepared to suspend the law of rest on Sunday if the enemy can thereby be overwhelmed. The history of the war with Spain shows that. They should not, therefore, view with horror and alarm the necessary use of Sunday for the preparation of the militia for victorious service in the field. Church people who look upon belliger-ent " patriotism " as a virtue and regard war by their country as something al-most holy, as most of them do it seems, cut a very sorry figure when they make such protests as the above. " The Cap-tain of our salvation " did not say, ," Re-member the Sabbath day to keep it holy," but He did say, " Put up again thy sword into his place ; for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." It is the existence of military forces and the training of men for war, and not their marching about on the " holy Sabbath," in which church people will see the great evil when they are really imbued with the spirit of Christ. In His day there were people who were so concerned about the " holy Sabbath " that they had no con-cern for human life. 