EDITORIAL  699. YTha Somffinall CEPELSTM &Swim' Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States devoted to the exposition and defense of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation, but it is a live magazine which discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX. L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matter at the New York Post-office. (See close of reading matter for terms of subscription, etc.) We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil government to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God according to the dictates of his own con-science, free. from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty, and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of lib-erty, which is theirs by virtue of the un-bounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. VOL. 17  OCTOBER, 1902  No. II While men are enforcing the observ-ance of the Lord's day they are repu-diating the Lord's -way of securing obe-dience to His law and are denying His authority and power. The enforcement of religion by law, in whatever way it may be done, always works the abridgement and denial of human rights and hence always works  against the very end and purpose for which civil government exists. Whatever practise is wrong from the standpoint of due regard for individual rights ought to be prohibited by law on all days of the week ; and whatever prac-tise is right from that standpoint ought not to be prohibited by law on any day of the week. If labor should be prohibited by law on one day in order to protect men in the right to rest on that day, then rest should be prohibited by law on other days in order to protect men in the right to work on those days. If a person cannot rest when others are working, then he cannot work when others are resting. A person who cannot be religious without the aid of a law to regulate the. conduct of other people in religious mat-ters cannot be religious when such a law is enacted and enforced. No person can be a true observer of the Lord's day un-til he is able to keep it without the aid of special legislation and independently of the conduct of all other persons. An apparently peculiar thing about a Sunday law is that a violation of it by one who observes another day of the week and denies the divine authority of Sunday observance seems to be a far more serious offense than is a violation of it by a nominal Sunday observer. But this is not at all peculiar in the light of the real nature of such legislation. A seventh-day observer has no right to any more liberty and freedom than anybody else ,1  but every person has the right to be free from governmental in-terference and control in matters of re-ligion. A seventh-day observer does not have the right to work on Sunday be- 