708 THE SENTINEL OF tion, of a God-fearing man Š a man who though he may be peculiar in some respects, is to the best of his light serving his God and following the Golden Rule in his relations with his fellow-men. In jail for selling watermelons ! It is to be hoped that same day such a thing will be impos-sible in a country where, according to the fundamental law, only crime brings forfeiture of freedom. We are not in-formed as to just when Mr. Hege was placed in jail, nor as to the length of time that he was to be imprisoned. It may be that because of his delin-quency with regard to paying the fine and costs imposed his term of imprison-ment was made longer than it would have been for serving out the original amount, which surely could not have called for more than two or three days imprisonment. The Sunday Closing In the New York of the St. Louis Christian Advocate of Exposition October 15 appeared a long editorial letter on "Saint Louis and the Coming World's Fair," which concluded thus: I believe this exposition will be the leader of the procession thus far. It should and doubtless will be patronized by almost countless multitudes. The permanent stigma upon the Chicago Exposition is this : It accepted the money of the Federal government on condition that its gates should be closed on Sunday. Its management soon de-termined to break their word ; they used every means to circumvent the law and the pledge, and shamelessly did so, thus corrupting public morals. There is one reason why all Christians who revere the Sabbath should aid in making this one a success, and that reason is : The fair is not to be opened on that day. This shows the attitude in this mat-ter of all the religious champions of formal and compulsory.Sunday observ- CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ance. Because "the fair is not to be opened on that day [Sunday]," they are sure it "will be the leader in the procession thus far," and are ready to give it unqualified endorsement and to urge "all Christians who revere the Sabbath" to aid in making it a success. Behold what a change from the attitude toward the Chicago Exposition ! Yet it does not appear that the moral tone of the St. Louis Exposition is to be any better than was that of the Chicago Fair. But what matters that ? Is not the fair to be closed on Sunday, and what more could be desired by " Chris-tians who revere the Sabbath "? Ver-ily formal and compulsory Sunday ob-servance is a great and comprehensive virtue in the estimation of some peo-ple, and to them covers a multitude of sins indeed. But it is a virtue that must be constantly upheld or enforced by its promoters. It has no vitality in itself. If it is to be maintained the force and compulsion by which it is brought into existence must be con-stantly resorted to and applied to keep it alive. And so it is with the Sunday closing of the St. Louis Exposition, which is a thing so inestimable in some quarters. In the first place there was the work of getting the Sunday-closing proviso inserted in the bill making the national appropriation to the exposi-tion, which it is quite certain was not done by Congress out of any special regard for Sunday or with any great desire or expectation that the exposi-tion would thereby be obliged to close, but simply in order "to pay outward re-gard to the wishes of those who plead for Sunday closing." Next there was the work of getting the officials to carry into effect the proviso, which called for the signing of a Sunday-clos-ing contract by the directors of the exposition precedent to the payment of the appropriation, and which condi- 