7Th offEell OF 08Y2llSTMAM 1,023.EX777 VOL. XVIII NEW YORK, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY Ł 26, 1903 No. 9     The "Lord's Dar Laws Considered with Special Reference to the Declaration of Rights of the State of Maine By George B. Wheeler THE agitation of the Sunday question at the present time, especially dur-ing the sessions of the General Court, at which time many bills are presented touching this question, makes it highly desirable that there should be a correct understanding of the true character of this legislation. Therefore, An important question is, What is the character of these " Lord's day " laws ? Are they religious? or are they simply civil or sanitary measures, which come properly within the sphere of just civil legislation ? That the Lord's day is wholly a re-ligious institution, as its name indicates, can be seen in the " Lord's day " laws of * This article was prepared with special ref-erence to Sunday legislation in Maine, where there is an effort on foot to secure additional legislation of this sort, and to which matter Mr. Wheeler is now giving attention. But in general the article is just as applicable in other States where there is Sunday legislation and Sunday-law agitation. The religious liberty provision of the Declaration of Rights of Maine is so nearly identical with that of the Declaration of Rights of Massachusetts and other New England States that about all that is necessary in order to make the article especially applicable in any one of those States is to substitute its name in the places where Maine is named.ŠEDITOR. the Province of Massachusetts Bay, from which the present laws of Maine orig-inated, and from which the following quotations are made : " Whereas, notwithstanding the pious inten-tion of the legislators, the Lord's day hath been greatly and frequently profaned. There-fore," etc. " And whereas, it is the duty of all persons upon the Lord's day, carefully to apply themselves publicly and privately to re-ligion and piety, the profanation of the Lord's day is highly offensive to Almighty God: of evil example and tends to the grief and dis-turbance of all pious and religiously disposed pe'rsons, therefore," etc.Š" Acts and Laws of Province of Massachusetts Bay," Folio edition, P. 392. The meaning of law is determined by the evident purpose of its originators. The Supreme Court of the United States reversed the decision of the lower court in the case of the Church of the Holy Trinity vs. the United States ; first, upon the well-established principle that " the intent of the lawmaker is the law." In the case of the United States vs. Fisher, Chief Justice Marshall said : " When the intent is plain, nothing is left to construc-tion ; when the mind labors to discover the designs of the legislator, it seizes everything from which aid can be de- 