126 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY appeared in the Tribune on the 9th in-stant under the heading, " Hebrews Com-plain that They Are Compelled to Ob-serve Christian Sabbath " : Herman Grossman, delegate of the Women's Garment Makers'i,  International. Union, com-plained at yesterday's meeting of the Central Federated Union that all the people on the East Side had to stop working yesterday. This included the Orthodox Hebrews, who kept their Sabbath on Saturday and worked on Sunday. " Nothing like it was ever known," he continued. " Police swept all over the East Side, closing shops right and left. This is a gross injustice to many thousands who do not work on Saturdays. These include many shop-keepers, as well as a great army of people in the clothing trades." Grossman said it had been understood for years that Orthodox He-brews who keep the Mosaic Sabbath on Satur-days were not to be disturbed on Sundays. It was decided to write to Police Commis-sioner Greene, acquainting him with the al-leged acts of the police. Some of the dele-gates remarked that if the police looked well  about them they could find more useful work than in preventing Orthodox Hebrews from working on Sundays. Ł We think so, too. We are of the opinion that an understanding " is not the proper way for protecting the He-brews or any other people from being interfered with in their work on Sunday. The law which permits such a thing should be wiped, off the statute books, for it is a shame that there is such a law in existence. Other Sunday enforcement of this character is indicated by this item from the Brooklyn Eagle of January 19 :- Max Goldberg, a barber at 142 Osborne Street, insisted upon shaving a customer at :4o o'clock yesterday afternoon in defiance of the Sunday-closing law, and was arrested by Detective Tormey. He was held in $5oo bail. by Magistrate Naumer this morning. Samna Block, a tea and coffee merchant at 507 Rock-away Avenue, kept his store open yesterday,. and was also arrested by Detective Tormey._ He is also held in $5oo bail for examination. IF the bill now before the Pennsyl-vania legislature to modify the Sunday law of 1794 passes, there will be no end of trouble. Protests are being entered from every quarter. Of course it is not to be wondered at that the churches stand for the old law just as it reads, but here comes a protest from an unex-pected quarter that perhaps may have some weight with those wicked ( ?) men who would rob Sunday of some of its sacredness. The Philadelphia Public Ledger of the 9th instant chronicled this protest : Even the old State House clock has joined in the protest against the modification of the blue law of 1794. It registered its protest by stopping yesterday afternoon at eight minutes after one, only an hour after every minister in the city orally had protested against the bill. But it took just twenty-seven years for its conscience to become affected. Wearily the hands trudged on their circuit, its many wheels revolved and its monotonous ticking continued, working, working always on the Sabbath. It tolled the hours while persons  observed the Sabbath, and even registered the time for religious devotion, but there was no observance for the clock. It worked in direct violation of the law of over a century ago, in happy ignorance of a provision made for rest one day a week. But with the attention drawn by the introduction of the new bill.  the clock took cognizance of a loophole in the compulsion of incessant work. A conference was held. All the hands attended the meeting in the tower. " This work is too wearing," said the wheels. The hands said they were tired, too, while the pendulum nervously twitched and piped that the life was too fast and it wanted a rest. So they ground out the noon hour and then one more. Eight minutes later the pendulum gave up, the wheels stopped in their cogs and the hands took a much needed rest. Perhaps if this " protest " does not have the desired effect, some old hen will' enter her protest by strictly observing the law of 1794 in the chicken-coop, and positively refusing to lay a Sunday egg t The fates only know how this thing wilt end. A. R. BELL. Camden, N. J. Ł 