494  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ball in the suburbs, and the students at Catholic colleges play ball on the grounds of these institutions. There are on Sun-day about half as many arrests as on week days. In short, no public demand or exigency calls for a Sunday law. The bill introduced by Senator McMil-lan prohibits keeping open any place of business for sales, except eating houses, drug-stores ( for sale of medicines only), undertakers' establishments, and others for "charity or necessity." This last clause is intended to give the magistrate power and latitude to enforce the law or not, as he may decide in particular in-stances. Penalties for violation of the provisions of this bill are fines of from $10 up to $50; and for subsequent of-fenses, $50 to $150, and imprisonment from one to three months. Senator Dillingham's bill prohibits stands as well as stores, and excepts, in addition to those excepted in the McMil-lan bill, sellers of books and newspapers, refreshments, malt and spiritous liquors, tobacco, cigars, railroad and steamboat tickets, and the collection and delivery of baggage. It prohibits football, baseball and all games, sports, pastimes or diver-sions, and all building or railroad con-struction. The penalties prescribed are fines of from $5 to $50. It allows a man to defend himself on the ground that he "uniformly keeps another day of the Week as a day of rest," and that he did not "interrupt or disturb other persons" who were observing Sunday. The practical operation of these bills as  statutes can be better understood when the fact is taken into consideration that an unpaid fine in this District must be worked out by the prisoner in the chain-gang, in striped clothing, at the rate of 33Y3 cents a day. This is in addition to the imprisonment included in the sen-tence. It needs little reflection to appre-ciate the terrible persecution to which poor persons might be subjected under such a law. The persons likely to suffer under it are Jews, Seventh-day Baptists, Seventh-day Adventists, petty tradesmen and tradeswomen, especially sellers of meat, ice;  shoes, clothing, groceries, bread, and fruit. While the shop and stand keepers will be prevented from making their little gains by sales, the classes most incon-venienced, annoyed and oppressed will be the working people who, from want of time on Saturday evening, are forced to buy supplies on Sunday for themselves and children. These are washerwomen, cooks, saleswomen, clerks in store's, wives of men. who get drunk on Saturday evening, nurses, servants, and the miscel-laneous classes of thoughtless people. All told, they number from five, to ten thou-sand persons, varying little from year to year. They are not "respectable" people, but they have a right not to be starved by the Government. They have always bought on Sunday and always will, and they harm nobody by so doing. But there are men who would rather see them starve than buy a loaf of bread on Sun-day. The unveiling of the statue of Marshal de Rochambeau, the commander-in-chief of the French forces in America during the Revolutionary War, at Washington, on May 24, and the other ceremonies at-tending its presentation by France to this country, should have reminded all  aid of foreign allies who did not turn Americans, and probably did all who cared to recall the fact, that in her strug-gle for independence America had the round near the close of the war and de-mand sovereignty over the country in re-turn for what they had done. 