An Indictment of New York's Sunday Law' ¥  IV Seventy-seven years ago there was pub-lished in New York a pamphlet, a transcript of the title page of which is as follows: " The People's Rights Reclaimed; being An Expo-sition of the Unconstitutionality of the Law of the State of New York Compelling the Observance of a Religious Sabbath Day, and Erroneously Entitled ' An Act for Suppressing Immorality,' Passed March 13th, 1813. Ad-dressed to the People of the State of New York. New York, 1826. A. Spooner, Printer, Brooklyn." Its publication was called forth by the revision of the State laws then taking place and certain attempts that had been made "to affect an extension of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sunday laws." Although the excuse for New York's Sunday legislation has been somewhat changed since then, it being now professedly for the preven-tion of " crimes against religious liberty and conscience" (although still coming under the general heading of " crimes against public decency and good morals"), whereas then it was " for suppressing immorality," it remains the same in principle, object, and effect, and the masterly and unanswerable indictment of the law as it then was made by the unknown author of the above pamphlet is still a masterly and unanswerable indictment of the law as it now is, and incidentally of all other Sunday legislation. The widespread disposition now manifested to uphold and " to affect an exten-sion of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sun-lay laws" makes the matter in this pamphlet very pertinent to-day, and hence we are publishing it in full in THE SENTINEL. The somewhat peculiar style of the author in itali-cizing words will be followed, so unless other-wise indicated words in italics are as they ap-pear in the pamphlet.ÑEnrros. the first day of the week as holy time is not a moral obligation, and that labor and recreation on that day are not acts of im-morality or licentiousness. Let it be observed that the statute of which we are speaking is entitled " An act for suppressing immorality." The first enacting clause of this law forbids labor and recreation on the first day of the week as " acts of immorality," and the second enacting clause permits those to labor on the first day who keep the seventh " as holy time." This partial toleration of the seventh-day sabbatteansi was right or it was wrong. If wrong, it could only be so because it was immoral to labor on that day, and then the law granting that permission would be an immoral law. If right to grant it, and the passing of the second enacting clause of the law concedes that truth, it is right because it was not deemed immoral to labor on that day ; and then the legislature had no right to interdict any one from laboring on religious grounds. Allowiag the seventh-day sabbatteans to labor on this statutory sabbath day is a virtual acknowledgment that the first day of the week is neither a sabbath by divine appointment, nor its observance as holy time a matter of moral obligation; for were it either the legislature could possess no righteous authority to enact a law granting indulgences to any one, dis-pensing with its obligations. These two enacting clauses of the law in question can no more be reconciled to each other than they can be made to accord with the rules [Note by the writer.] Perhaps the critics will take offense at the use of this term. It is true I do not find it in any vocabulary. But if there is no such word I think there ought to be. It answers my present purpose, and for that reason I use it, taking for its radix the Hebrew word Sabbat, which signi-fies cessation or rest. WE have seen that the statute under re-view is condemned by the very au-thority quoted and appealed to in his justi- ¥ ficationÑthe alleged command of God. But it may be said of it, " Out of its own mouth it stands condemned." It con-tains within itself the clearest evidence that the grounds or principles on which it is alleged to be based are altogether indefensible. In truth, its provisions amount to a full confession that to keep 