400 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY deprived of their rights of conscience be-cauge they have not sufficient influence to control the government. This is in direct opposition to republican principle, which demands "equal and exact justice to all men." It is inimical to the Chris-tian religion, which is briefly compre-hended in the command: "All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them ; for this is the law and the prophets." Matt. 7:12. Thus we see that the increasing de-mand, the ever-swelling clamor, the in-fectious mania for religious legislation, for government influence as an auxiliary of church influence, tends to develop principles that are neither republican nor Christian. The individual or the associ-ation or the bureau that seeks through specious "reforms" to so pervert the pri-mary principles and purposes of the Re-public is not a friend of civil or religious liberty. Where religious liberty is cur-tailed, or reduced to the rank of mere tol-eration on the part of those who enjoy  any special consideration of the govern-ment over their fellow-men, civil liberty never can be the boon of the great mass of the people. Questionable indeed is any so-called re-form that is sought in the name of re-ligion through the agency of the civil government. And dangerous indeed is the policy that leads government officials to yield to the beguilement of the agents of such "reforms." They may present measures that appear innocent in the be-ginning, for the end of their efforts is not apparent to any superficial view. Only a study of the history of the past and of the prophecy of the future, in con-nection with the signs of our times, Gan give a true idea of the meaning of "na-tional reform" through the medium of national religion. And we have enough before us in this line now to call for vigi-lance on the part of all. Beware of "na-tional reform" through religious dicta-tion ; beware of religious reform through political channels. c. Ely "Rapprochement" with Rome By the Editor WHILE from Austria and other parts come occasional reports of a "Los von Rom" movement, reports of a very different tenor might be sent out from this country to the world. While the movement here does not take the form of the open forsaking of one form of religion for the other, it is no less a transformation, and is far more signifi-cant and important. The present status of things in this country, and the same is true elsewhere, as regards Protestant-ism and Catholicism is well shown by the manner in which the leading Protestant  journals handled the Pope's jubilee cele-bration and the observations made in connection therewith. The Christian Work, one of the leading Presbyterian papers of the country, in its considera-tion of the recent papal celebration dwelt upon "the ameliorating influence of Pope Leo's reign." Here is an extract from its editorial: Interesting as the occasion is to Catholics and Protestants, it is less the naked historical fact that concerns us than what that fact stands for, as exhibited in the changes wit-nessed in that time in this country, especially 