380 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY failed to make any distinction between Sabbath observance and Sabbath en-forcement. We stated that this empha-sized the fact that public opinion needs to become intelligent on this question, and that it was time people were learning that there can be such a thing as a Sab-bath institution and its observance with-out a " legal Sabbath " and its enforce-ment. The writer commented thus : This breezy assumption by THE SENTINEL that such public opinion as is not its opinion is not intelligent is a characteristic of those who oppose any legal recognition of the Sab-bath. If they could and would meet the issue fairly, instead of declaiming about liberty and throwing bouquets at themselves, they might influence public opinion. As it is, they are generally considered as a not very dangerous variety of cranks. No doubt " those who oppose any legal recognition of the Sabbath " will be glad to know that they are not considered very dangerous, even though they must be regarded as " cranks." We dd not mean to assume that all opinion on this question that does not accord with our own is not intelligent, but at the same time we cannot do otherwise than think that that opinion which holds the Sab-bath to be an institution of the civil law in this country and its observance to be a mere matter of statutory regulation has either not been formed with a knowledge of what the Sabbath and its observance is, and of what the fundamental principle in this country of the relation of the civil law to religion and religious observances and institutions is, or else it is held in spite of that knowledge. We have no other desire than to meet the issue pre-sented by the Sunday-law question fairly, and we believe that we are doing so. We shall be glad to have any unfairness that we are guilty of in dealing with the mat-ter pointed out. And is it unfair " to op-pose any legal recognition of the Sab-bath "f If so, would it not be unfair to oppose the legal recognition of any other  religious observance or institution, even if it meant an established church ? The writer ignores as " mere quib-bles " all that we had to say as to the Sunday law being a law for enforcing a religious observance, which the very origin and character of the agitation at Jacksonville meant to show. One of the points was his own admission or avowal that the law had to do with the "creeds " of people. He thinks the only point worth considering is that " as to the necessity of the legal requirement of a day oT rest." On this point he quotes an extract from our article, and then pro-ceeds: If every man were his own employer there would be no necessity of a legal enforcement of one day in seven as a day of rest; but, un-fortunately, the majority of men are not their own employers. They are paid to work for others. They must work or starve. Then, where is the sense in talking about their liberty to work or not to work, when they have no such liberty? The liberty in the case is in the hands of the employer. What good would it do the man dependent on his salary for the support of his family to say, " I will rest to-day because I need to rest, or because my con-science requires it?" His employer might say: " You will work to-day because your position requires it." The employee would have no liberty in the matter at all. He would have to work whether he needed rest or not, whether his conscience permitted it or not. But it is stated that men have eight, ten, twelve, fourteen or sixteen hours of freedom from labor in every twenty-four. It is as-sumed that these periods of exemption are due to an acknowledgment by employers of labor of human necessity. Then why are the hours of exemption in some cases twice as long as in others, and that not on account of the needs of the individual, but fixed absolutely by each employer for all his 'employees of the same class? Does this not show that it is the con-venience of the employers and not of the em-ployees that permits hours of exemption? A merchant requires his clerks to work as long as he needs them. When he does not need them they may rest. He does not need them before his customers are astir in the morning, or after they go to their homes at night. They may rest Š not when they need 