(Continued from page 67E) zgefigkeil CHOUSTIAll LOBERIV A...weekly publication devoted to the maintenance and defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore opposed to any violation or compromise of the minable of separa- tion of church and state. Non-sectarian and non-partisan in the application of principles. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Published by REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN., 222 N. Capitol St., Washington, D. C. To whom all commenications of a business nature should be addressed. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic an a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to in vade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be ourduty.and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty. which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, P.7.""r  months S tato 50 Ł25 " three months 1.50 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  Ł70  Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL or CHRISTIAN LIBEETT without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength. This is the first com-mandment. And the second is like, namely this, Thou shalt love thy neigh-bor as thyself. There is none other commandment greater than these. On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets." Therefore we are told in another place that " all the law [of the relation of moral beings to one another] is ful-filled .in one word, even in this, Th&u shalt love thy neighbor as thyself." And again, that " love is the fulfilling of the law," the fulfilling of all moral law. And the fulfilling of the law, con-formity to the conditions of happy and harmonious existence, is liberty, even religious liberty. "I will walk at lib-erty," said the Psalmist, "for I seek thy precepts." God's law is the royal law of liberty, and it is summed up in the one thing Š love ; that is, its re-quirements are all for the well-being, the best and highest interests, of all those who are asked to conform to it. So let us not use the noble endow-  Ł ment of free moral agency, which God in His infinite love and wisdom has be-stowed upon us, as an occasion to the flesh, as a means, an opportunity, for doing our own way and following our own mistaken and short-sighted desires, but let us by love serve God and one another, and thus attain unto what is indeed the glorious liberty of the chil-dren of God. "Then said Jesus unto those Jews which believed on Him, If ye continue in my word, then are ye my disciples indeed ; and ye shall know the truth. and the truth shall make you free." "If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed." " All the truths of religion conspire to one end Š spiritual liberty." 