48 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. grocery stores on the Sabbath day, and that candy and cigar men throughout the city really desired to close on Sun-day, over 8o per cent. being in favor of complying with the law, and that a movement was on foot among them with this end in view." The Houston (Tex.) Post reports that the chairman and executive commit-tee of the Marlin (Texas) "Sabbath League," together with the pastors of the town, recently issued a call for a con-vention at the court house for the pur-pose of organizing a county "Sabbath Association" in affiliation with the Amer-ican Sabbath Union. The precincts throughout the county were asked to 'hold mass-meetings and send delegates_ to this convention. It seems that the cause of Sunday enforcement has in this case adopted the regular political method of procedure, which of course is not out of keeping with its character. Complaint was recently made to the marshal of Springfield, Mass., "that per-sons who under the law are privileged to keep their stores open for the sale of to-bacco, cigars and newspapers on the Lord's day, are also selling other goods than the law permits." An order was at once issued from the marshal's office call-ing the attention of druggists and others concerned to the provisions of the Sun-day law, and announcing that "all per-sons violating the same will render them-selves liable to prosecution." It is said that for a few Sundays the sale of postage stamps was not permitted at the drug stores, but the sale of tobacco, cigars, newspapers and soda water went on very much as usual. Soda water was classed by some druggists as a medicine, the sale of which is allowed by the statute. A  local paper says that "the blue laws of our Puritan ancestors have not been re-pealed," and that if the letter of the law is carried out that there will be no more driving on Sunday. Mr. Seth Low, the recently elected mayor of Greater New York, is reported to have used this language regarding the laws prohibiting the sale of liquor on Sunday: "It may be considered certain, after much experience, that in this community those clauses of the excise law that for-bid the sale of liquor on Sunday in sa-loons are not competent to accomplish more than to prevent the public sale of liquor on that day; they never have stopped and they never can stop drink-ing on Sunday. Inasmuch as no attempt is made to do this in clubs or in hotels, many of the poor complain that the law is harsh in failing to take into considera-ton the conditions under which they are obliged to live. And thus a feeling of soreness, born of a sense of inequality of treatment, is added to the general evils traceable to these clauses of the law." A Sunday-closing campaign has been inaugurated by the organizations of butchers, grocers, milkmen and bakers of Chicago, and vigilance committees have been appointed to investigate the extent of the breaking of the Sunday-closing rule in these lines of business, and have caused cards to be printed for distribution, bearing the announcement, "We close on Sundays." The men who headed the fight for Sunday closing two years ago are leading in the present cam-paign, and are "determined to make the same effort again to keep Sunday as a day of rest, and declare that if ordinary warning will not bring about the proper 