5elleilulleil OF CligESTAIV Ufiglatrit Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States devoted to the exposition and defense of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of Church and State. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributorst A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIFT  I S, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matter of the New York 'Post-office. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard theliquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right 01 any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty, and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERI1S OP SUBSCRIPTION. Single copy, perix monthsyear $1.00  .5o " " three months   .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  5.25 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .70 Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without haying ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be careful to write all names of persons mid places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Order, or ke Beak Drift oa New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate-the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give-both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had' on application. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., II West 20th Street, New York City- THE bound volume of the 1902 SENTINEL OF-CHRISTIAN LIBERTY iS now ready. This volume contains the first thirteen numbers of THE. SENTINEL in magazine form; is bound in black cloth, with gilt stamp on the back. Sent pre-paid for $2.00. The edition will not be large.. Orders should be placed at once with our office. Ł DOES the date on your wrapper read " Feb.. 1903 "? If it does; please renew before the close of this month so as to be sure not to miss a single copy of THE SENTINEL. If you do not send in your renewal promptly it may be im-possible for us to supply back numbers. A. large number of people have already been dis-appointed in this way this year. READ the advertisement on another page of this issue of the " Love of Power and the Power of Love" number of THE SENTINEL, which will be published March 12. Then do. all you can to raise a large club for distri-bution in your neighborhood. Twelve dollars buys i,000 extra copies; $1.25 buys too. If you cannot personally order this many, per-haps you can get some one else to join with: you, and thus get the advantage of the larger discounts. I HAVE been reading THE SENTINEL from. the day the first copy was printed, and while I thought then, and all along, that it was the best paper published in its special field, to-day I think, in its present dress and under-its present management, no better journal is placed before the thinking world. I see that my subscription has expired.. Well, I did not intend that such a thing should happen. I want you never to consider my subscription to have run out. Just renew--for me and send the bill and I assure you that a prompt remittance will be forthcoming. U. GRANT ADKINS. 