The Bible in the Public Schools [The position taken in the matter by the National Educational Association at its meet-ing in Minneapolis in August, and the more recent decision of the Supreme Court of Nebraska, have made the question of the Bible in the public schools quite prominent of late. We present herewith the greater portion of two excellent editorials on the subject that have appeared in The Independent, which in this matter holds uncompromisingly to the prin-ciple of church and state separation. The "literary pretense" put forward in this matter of the Bible in the public schools, which The Independent very properly and clearly un-masks, has its exact counterpart in the "civil Sabbath" pretense put forward in the matter of Sunday legislation. In both cases there is an attempt to hide something that is altogether religious behind something that is not religious. But in neither case can the religious char-acter of the thing be suppressed or hidden, for one reason because those who are chiefly interested in the matter and are most sure that it is not a religious matter are interested in it only because it is a religious matter, and' would drop it instanter if they really thought it to be the wholly non-religious thing that they pretend it is.ŠEDITOR.] AT the recent meeting of the National Educational Association President Butler started a discussion which is still going on about the reading of the Bible in the public schools. Thjs book, he said, had been practically shut out of the schools, which explains, in his view, in great measure the deplorable and in-creasing ignorance' of that great classic and the decay of that religious sentiment which is the root of our civilization. "Without the Bible," he said, "it is im-possible to understand the literature of the English language from Chaucer to Browning." This entire stream "draws liberally from the eternal springs of our sacred Scriptures." They are equally es-sential to the interpretation of "our his-tory, our civic institutions and our moral convictions." "When we study the an-cient civilizations," he observed, "we be-gin with their religious books, and we are now teaching the religions of remote antiquities to more people in our schools than we are the principles or the classic literature of Christianity." He urged the restoration of "this treasury of our literature and our life" as an integral part of the literary studies in our schools, not on theological or sectarian grounds, 'but solely in the interests of scholarship and an intelligent understanding of our na-tional life. All this is very plausible, but the fact is  that the reading of S few verses of Scrip-ture at the beginning of a morning ses-sion does not explain any former general familiarity with the Bible, and any loss of familiarity has other causes than the giv-ing up of morning prayers at school. The reasons are many, and one of the chief is that the Bible is no longer the principal and most interesting book in the home, the book from which the child learns to read. We have children's books and papers. Further, the text-books of other relig-ions are not taught as text-books of lit-erature in our public schools. Further still, we may talk as we please about the literary value of the Bible, which is im-mense, far more valuable to us than any other literary source; but it is not as lit-erature, but for religious purposes that the Bible is wanted in schools by those who advocate its restoration. Indeed, President Butler laments that the decay of the religious sentiment has followed the giving up of Bible reading, and it is to recover this religious spirit that he wants it restored. But this is not the business of the public school. In order to get a clear idea of the principle involved let us reverse the con-dition, and imagine that it is China that is imposing a parallel requirement in its public schools, and that it is Christians who object'. But this is not imagination; 