78 TILE SENTINEL OF CHRIST LIBERTY barbers employed in shops that open on Sunday " are to be called out and their salaries will be paid by the union as long as they remain idle on that account," and it was expected that through the co-operation of the trades and labor as-sembly " all union men in the city will be notified not to patronize barber shops that keep open Sundays." The unions do not have to call upon the law ; they are able to make and enforce laws on their own account. One hundred and forty-six arrests for violation of the Sunday excise law were reported in Greater New York for Jan-uary i8. This was a considerable in-crease over the number for the two pre-ceding Sundays of the year. The records show that nearly half of the cases so far have been dismissed by the magistrates. " Strict enforcement of the Sunday con-cert law " was also reported for January i8. And the Sunday law is being en-forced in other directions. On the even-ing of January 15 about two hundred keepers of small shops on the East side, mostly keepers of small dry-goods stores, held a meeting " to protest against the rigorous enforcement of the Sunday law " against their business. The city authorities of Glenwood, Wis., and of Shreveport, La., have been vigorously enforcing the Sunday closing of saloons of late. In the latter place. it having been rumored that some mem-bers of the city council would endeavor to secure the modification or repeal of the Sunday-closing ordinance, " the min-isters of the Protestant churches passed resolutions against this proposed action.  and condemned any disposition to alter' the city statutes." The mayor of the city announced that it would make no. difference even if the ordinance was re-pealed, as he would " order the police to enforce the State law just the same as if it were a city statute." Ł In Toronto on January 6 " a deputa-tion from the Lord's Day Alliance waited on the Attorney-General, protesting against Sunday street-cars on the Scar-boro line, running into Toronto, and orb the Berlin-Bridgeport line." " The At-torney-General pointed out in reply that a large petition had been presented in favor of the continuation of the Sunday cars on the Scarboro line," and that the other line " had a right to operate on Sunday under its charter." But " the matter will be considered by the govern-ment." The deputation also " asked for an amendment to the law regarding the sale and publication of Sunday papers." 4 A dispatch from Quebec to the Mon-treal (Canada) Daily Herald, under date of January 12, read : A delegation representing the Sunday Ob-servance Association waited on Hon. Mr. Blair to-day, taking up the question of Sunday work on railways and canals. The delegation com-prises Rev. J. G. Shearer, field secretary, To-ronto; Rev. Messrs. Milne, Ramsay and Lett. Ottawa; and P. M. Draper and R. J. O'Do-noghue, of the Trades and Labor Congress. The delegation met Sir Frederick Borden, Sir Wm. Mulock and Hon. James Sutherland and Hon. Wm. Paterson on Saturday, when they talked over with them matters referring to their departments. They asked that the Min-ister of Customs keep out parcels of Sunday newspapers entering Canada on the Lord's Day. Why it is more necessary for the state to interfere with the actions of the people on the weekly holiday than on other holi-daysŠFourth of July and Saturday af-ternoons, for exampleŠwe have never  been told. Public health and public morals are as greatly injured by recrea-tion on Saturday as on Sunday, if they are injured at all by itŠThe Truth Seeker. 