EDITORIAL 831 Catholic priest, John H. A. Hagan, of the Church of St. Paul of the Cross, Jer-sey City, has recently expressed himself through a local newspaper as being "in favor of Sunday baseball, providing the game is played in an orderly manner." "Sunday is a day of rest," he said, "and a day consecrated to the special service of God. Rest is a relative term. The change from the close workshop to the fresh air, sunshine and out-door freedom is rest for the enthusiastic ball player. This exhilarating pastime relieves the strain of the week." The Catholic clergy-men have the advantage of their "Prot-estant" brethren in this matter of regu-lating Sunday observance. They know that the Sunday "Sabbath," unlike the institution of which it is the counterfeit, was made by man and not God, and they labor under no delusion that its observ-ance is regulated by divine command from which man cannot add nor detract They know that what man, or "the Church," has Made, man, or "the Church" and its representatives, can con-trol and regulate as to them seems best. And hence they do not feel bound to hold to any such strictness with regard to Sunday observance as do those who at-tempt to read Sunday observance into the fourth commandment. It must, indeed, be amusing to intelligent Catholic priests, and there are very few of them who are not intelligent enough for this purpose, to see with what positiveness and un-questioning assurance "Protestant" cler-gymen pronounce and proclaim as of di-vine institution and command an ob-servance which owes all its authority to the dictum of the Roman Catholic Church and other churces whose dictum in the matter is equally worthless. And, know-ing as they do the character of the Sun-day institution, no wonder some of them, as does this priest at Bergen Point, N. J., regard as silly the hubbub that is raised  by ministers over ball playing by boys on Sunday. The communication from a corre-spondent in Buenos Ayres, Argentine Republic, S. A., presented elsewhere, is significant as evidence of the fact that the Sunday-enforcement movement of the present day is world-wide, and that the evil influence of Sunday legislation and enforcement in the United States is by no means confined to this country. If in such countries as England and the United States the wrong course is taken in this matter, the right course will not be taken anywhere. It is a melancholy re-flection that the example of the nation which has stood before the world as the great exponent of the doctrine of com-plete separation of church and state can be cited in other nations, in other repub-lics, in support of something that is al-together out of harmony with that doc-trine. But such is the case, as is shown by this report from Argentina. On the other hand it is comforting to reflect that the influence exerted by the friends of re-ligious liberty in the United States in op-posing the Sunday-enforcement move-ment, and in spreading a knowledge of its real nature and the evil principle that is in all such enforcement, is not confined to this country either, but also extends to other parts of the world. This, WO, is evidenced by this report from the Argen-tine Republic. Our correspondent speaks of quotations from Gladstone and Ma-caulay being used by the Sunday-law agitators. We will venture that these quotations were obtained direct from the literature that is published by the Sun-day-enforcement propagandists in the United States. On a recent Sunday eve-ning the writer of this note heard a prom-inent New York clergyman, who is an ac-tive member of a national Sunday-en-forcement organization, make "An Ap- 