778 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ing autocratic and universal authority over the church, before Hildebrand. Gregory the Great denounced the title of universal bishop as blasphemous. Hildebrand it-  was who created the uni-versal despotism, using as his instru-ments German rebellion and Norman conquest, as well as a clerical militia detached from humanity and bound to the Papacy by the enforcement of celi-bacy. There is not in history such another mockery as the pretense of this autocrat and his successors, including Innocent III, Alexander VI, and Julius II., to represent the preacher ,of the Sermon on the Mount. Here we have the main source of persecution and all its atrocities ; hence flowed the extermination of the Albigenses, the Inquisition, Alva's reign of blood in the Netherlands, the massacre of St. Bartholomew, and the Dragonnades. The Crusades, with any atrocities which they may have involved, were more the work of Christendom at large, but they can hardly be set down as atrocities ; they were really rather a war for the defense of Christian civilization against the inrushing tide of Mohammedan con-quest, an irruption of moral barbarism, as is now plainly seen. All the time genuine Christianity was not left without witnesses. It showed itself in such characters as that of Anselm, in such writings as the "Imi-tatio Christi." Protestant Christianity could not at once get clear of the medieval tradi-tion. But presently it did. It has re-pented of its crimes and renounced persecution. The Syllabus, which is the latest manifesto of the Papacy, re-affirms in plain terms the principle of intolerance, throwing down the gaunt-let to modern civilization and the liberty of opinion, which .has been won by the struggle of ages for humanity. Infallibility cannot repent. The Papacy, moreover, continues to use the political intrigue of the Jesuit, who, there can be little doubt, by his influence over a superstitious woman had a share in bringing on the Franco-German War. The religious character would in any case, no doubt, have displayed its weaknesses. There would have been extravagance, bigotry, controversial  heat and rancor; perhaps fanatical and sectarian affray; but without the influ-ence of the Empire and the Papacy there would not have been these enor-mous crimes. Catholicism and Papalism, though they have unhappily come to be identi-fied, are essentially distinct. Catholi-cism, as its name imports, is universal. Papalism is Italian. Only Italians can be popes. The very few historical ex-ceptions are exceptions which prove the rule. Catholicism, with all its characteristics and graces, was fully .developed before Hildebrand. There is nothing characteristically papal in the writing of Thomas a Kempis, Pascal or Fenelon. Larcordaire and Montalem-bert were thoroughly Catholic, but as friends of liberty, thinking that it could be reconciled with Catholicism, they were disavowed by the Papacy. I need hardly say that I do not pre-tend to orthodoxy. But I plead for a fair consideration of all real phenom-ena, whether they appear to fall within the domain of physical science or not. Christianity ih itself and apart from its unhappy entanglements with imperial despotism and papal usurpa-tion, seems, by the principles which it has propagated and the characters which it has produced, to have been up to the present time a great power, to say the least, of moral progress, and one which is not easily explained by physical evolution. "The demand of fanatical Sabbata-rians that all labor shall cease through-out the nation on the same day is im-practicable," says the Chicago Inter-Ocean, which thinks "the complexity of modern life is such that it is not possi-ble for all workers to rest on the same day," and that "if all should stop on a given Sunday across this continent, then because some men rested on that day in New York others would have to be idle on Monday also in Chicago, and still others on both Monday and Tues- day in Denver, and still others on Wed-nesday or Thursday as well in San Ł Ł 