372 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY recompense. And because of their con-dition they cry out, and the cry, "entered into the ears of the Lord of sabaoth." And the injunction is, "Be patient, there-fore, brethren, unto the coming of the Lord." Justice, judgment and equity is indeed to be the issue of the present industrial and economic disquietude in the world, but in a far different manner than is sup-posed. Instead of an evolution from present conditions into a perfect society, there is to come, when the unrest and discontent is at its height, a sudden and a terrible arrest of all human affairs. It will be "the day of the Lord's vengeance, the year of recompenses." Then "a King shall reign in righteousness," "He shall judge the poor of the people, He shall save the children of the needy, and shall break in pieces the oppressor." Then the perfect society will indeed be realized, for the "people shall dwell in a peace-able habitation, and in sure dwellings, and in quiet resting places," and the as-surance is that peace shall be abundant "so long as the sun and moon endure." We were led into writing the preced-ing because of a remarkable article that has been published recently, the princi-pal part of which we present elsewhere under the heading, "Feudal America." When the Bible is left out of the consid-eration, and the matter is looked at sim-ply- in the light of history and reason, we have no hesitancy in saying that of all the forecasts that have been made of the future of society industrially and eco-nomically that made by Mr. Ghent is by.  far the most real, true, accurate and re-liable. It may be colored somewhat by his evident sympathy with the great class that is to be submerged in the lower castes of the new regime, and the effort to make the parallel too exact between the old and the new feudalism. But these are slight defects in connection with so  bold and masterly a portrayal of what is and shall be in this matter. For such a view is a bold one in these times. Wealth refuses to believe that it has in it any portent of evil; labor refuses to be-lieve that it shall not eventually obtain all that it demands ; and they who write and prophesy refuse to see anything but more and more progress, greater and greater liberty, and in the end perfect justice and equality. But, imitating in some degree the in-exorable march of history itself, Mr. Ghent has not become the victim of any of these delusions; he has not suffered his hopes and his desires to delude his reason; he has looked intently at things as they are and as present tendencies de-clare they shall be. And then he has calmly made his report. He "has looked at the structure and has watched the de-velopment of our industrial society. He has hoped to see in this development the progress of democracy. He has hoped to discover unmistakable tendencies to-ward a practicable and enduring Collec-tivism, which should guarantee opportu-nity, economic justice and moral liberty to all men. Such tendencies, ardently looked for, Mr. Ghent has not discov-ered. Instead, he has seemed to see a mighty, resistless transformation of the old economic individualism into a vast industrial feudalism." And so true and so striking is the pic-ture that he has drawn of what he sees, that all can see its undeniable and start-ling reality, even they who when view-ing it still cling to the hope of "the emancipation of man from every bond-age." For after declaring in its editorial review of Mr. Ghent's article that what he has reported is "but the most obvious, the most undeniable realities of our pres-ent industrial society," and that now "wealth is the one great object of wor-ship, and the man of wealth is he to 