DR. SAVAGE ON THE SABBATH AND SUNDAY QUESTION 287 basis of Sabbath observance. To the He-brew who would go back of the deliver-ance from Egypt, back of all the idola-try, to the origin of the Sabbath, its observance would mean just what it would mean to any other person of any other nation. And he could go back to this original source without any incon-sistency whatever. The Sabbath is the memorial of Him who is the Creator of the heavens and the earthŠthe sign of that power which creates, redeems, and sanctifiesŠand it is the proper memorial not only for the original manifestation of that power, but for every manifestation of it. While the Sabbath itself as an in-stitution rests upon the fact that God cre-ated the world in six days and rested upon the seventh, there may be, and will be on the part of every individual who truly observes it, special reasons for its observance by himself. To each individ-ual comes different experiences, different manifestations of God's power, and when he truly observes the Sabbath it will be the sign to him of the God who has thus wrought mightily for him as an individ-ual, even as to the Hebrews the Sabbath was the sign of the God who delivered them as a nation of individuals from the bondage of Egypt. Dr. Savage holds that the command for Sabbath observance was for the He-brews, and that when Christianity came it was no longer in force. He thinks that the observance was plainly set aside in the New Testament, and quotes these texts which certainly seem to bear out that idea : "Let no man, therefore, judge you in meat or in drink or in respect of a feast day, or a new moon or a Sabbath, which are a shadow of things to come ; but the body is Christ's." Col. 2: 16, 17. "Ye observe days and months and sea-sons and years. I am afraid of you, lest by any means I have bestowed labor upon  you in vain." Gal. 4: to, I 1. "One man esteemeth one day above another ; an-other esteemeth every day alike : let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind." Rom. 14: 5. This opens up a large sub-ject, but as we have already made this ar-ticle much longer than was intended, we will have to pass this point without com-ment. Dr. Savage says that the Sabbath was observed by many of the early Christians because of the influence of the Jewish believers who clung to its observance, but that gradually the Christians came to ob-serve Sunday, but as an entirely different institution and in an entirely different manner. On it they celebrated the ordi-nance of the Lord's Supper, and made it a day of rejoicing in honor of the Resur-rection, but did not attach any sacredness to the day itself, nor dream that work on that day was wrong. In concluding his address, Dr. Savage said: Now, lest I be misunderstood, in a word at the close let me outline my own position as to Sunday. I do not care where the day has come from nor through what processes it has come. We have inherited this rest day, one day in seven; and it is one of the most blessed inher-itances from all the past. It is a gift priceless; it is a divine opportunity. I think it would be infinitely lamentable to have it blotted out, to have it become like the other six days in the week. We need it for rest. We can bury our-selves deep enough in worldliness in six days, we can weary ourselves enough, we can wear ourselves out enough in brain and heart and conscience and life. Let us have one day free, when we can remember that we are men and not mere business machines, that we are not mere money-makers, not mere pleasure-seekers. in which we can remember that we are children of God. Let us prize it and guard it as one of the divinest gifts of all the past; but let us tell the truth about it, and let us place it on its true fpundation of usefulness, of unspeakable beneficence to the world. How would I have it kept? I would do this, which I believe is all that the civil government 