442 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of any endeavor, personal or concerted, on the part of Christians to see that the law was enforced. Christ and His apostles sought by means of the Gospel, and by means of ministering to the temporal wants of the needy, to " persuade men " to become Christians. Christ went about doing good, but we never read of His endeav-oring to compel other people to be good. He said, " If ye love Me [not, " if you fear Me "], keep my., commandments." Paul " taught " the people " publicly and from house to house," and to the brethern at Ephesus he gave this testimony : I have coveted no man's silver, or gold, or apparel. Yea, ye yourselves know, that these hands have ministered unto my necessities, and to them that were with me. I have shewed you all things, how that so laboring ye ought to support the weak, and to remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how He said, It is more blessed to give than to receive. Christian endeavor is to give the Gospel Ł to " every nation and kindred and tongue and people," and to gather out of them " a people prepared for the Lord." The people thus prepared are prepared solely by the Spirit of God through a knowledge of the truth, and His word is the truth. Then all Christian endeavor worthy the name is that which will draw men to Christ. True Christian endeavor will manifest the love of Christ in the en-deavorer, rather than a multitude of ways and means devised by the wisdom of men. True Christian endeavor will develop a people who " keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus." Rev. 14: 12. The true Christian endeavorer must wear the " whole armor of God." (Eph. 6: 10-17), and keep before him the princi-ples of the Golden Rule : " All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." W. N. GLENN. Ł T THEREFORE, the prisoner of the I: Lord, beseech you that ye walk worthy of the vocation wherewith ye are called, with all lowliness and meekness, with long-suffering, forbearing one an-other in love; endeavoring to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace." Eph. 4:1-3. This is true Christian en-deavor, and it is individual work. " Ex-amine yourselves, whether ye be in the faith," is another exhortation to true Christian endeavor. ' Some good people are calling for a church party, that they may secure the election of church members to office, and clothe them with civil authority to ex-amine others who may not be in harmony with their faith. They are calling for a church party that they may bring about a certain unity of belief or practise by the power of the state. This is not true Christian endeavor. There was a church party of this kind in the time of Emperor Constantine, to  which he lent hip support in exchange for its support. Thus an unholy alliance was formed between church and state, with the result that the church was greatly corrupted and the empire was ruined. A church party to-day, for the purpose of controlling the civil power in the interests of the church, can have no other result, if peisisted in, than to bring about another such unholy alliance as was formed in the fourth century, with the inevitable consequence of ruin to church and state. True Christian endeavor does not bring ruin, but salvation; for self-examination and keeping the unity of the Spirit will bring the peace of Jesus Christ, which is salvation. True Christian endeavor is to follow Christ. Christ was the greatest leader in religious thought that the world has ever seen. He could have formed a church party, but He did not. He could have become a political leader, but He did not. At one time, when some people Ł 