632 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY to the conclusion that only that which can stay the individual de-generacy can stay the national de-generacy, that only that which can re-store moral health to the individuals of the nation can restore the civic and na-tional health, because the condition of the nation results from the condition of the people. And, of course, if a man be-lieves that moral regeneration and in-tegrity of character come from some other source than that which we have named, he will of course belieVe that the only remedy, the only way of escape from national ruin, is to be found in that other source. The man who does not believe that there is a moral Governor of the universe or any source of moral power and principle higher than man, will of course believe that the source of right conduct is in the human mind and heart, and, seeing that the course of life of a people is tending to despotism in government, will tell them that the only hope and the only way of escape for them from despotic government is for them to so change their conduct and manner of life that it will tend to civic integrity, freedom and justice instead of to corruption, tyranny and despotism. But however much men may disagree as to the source whence moral integrity is derived and whence comes the power by which individual degeneracy can be stayed and remedied, there is little dis-agreement over the idea that the civic welfare of a people depends chiefly upon their moral qualities, upon the individual character and conduct of the mass of the people. This is the great moral lesson of history, the divine truth that is writ-ten large in the annals of civilization. Now the difference between the idea of Mr. Jones and THE SENTINEL and that of "National Reform" and the Papacy is a difference not so much as to the source of moral regeneration, but as  to what it is and how it is accomplished. The one holds that moral regenerations accomplished by moral power working withip the individual; that such power is received by individual connection with the source of moral power, and that this connection is found in the faith of Jesus. It holds that the exercise of this faith is not and cannot be inspired and directed by legislation and outward force, but is subject to the will and conscience of the individual moved upon by the infinite Spirit of truth and righteousness, and has its place in the sanctuary of the soul which no human authority has the right nor the power to invade. Therefore it does not hold that civil government, po-litical power and machinery, is a proper and capable instrument for accomplishing moral regeneration. The individuals as individuals must themselves come to the source of moral power and receive it for themselves. There is no possible place for the intervention of government in the matter. But the scheme of "National Reform" turns the matter right about. Arguing correctly that the ills of society can be stayed and cured only by moral regener-ation, it is proposed to use government as an instrument for bringing about such regeneration. Ignoring the fact that the national ills. areAJ e result, aR1 not the cause, of individual degeneracy,  and that individuals cannot be regener-ated morally, cannot be given new mo-tives and inspiration and power for up-right conduct and true living, by legisla-tion and coercion, the attempt is made to "reform" the government and by means of legislation to bring about moral re-form among the people. Those who em-ploy, and who seek to employ, such means to that end necessarily lose the true idea of what moral reform is, and it finally becomes to them merely a thing of form, a matter of external con- 