NOTE AND COMMENT Dr. T. DeWitt Talmage, the noted preacher, died in Washington on April 12: was buried in Brooklyn, where he lived for so many years and where his famous tabernacle was located. Wilhelmina, the young queen of Hol-land, was seriously ill with typhoid fever at one time during April, and talk of the establishment of a regency was rife for a few days. On April 22 the queen's con-dition had begun to improve. Ł "The imposition of grain duties by the British government after two generations of free trade in cereals," says the Spring-field Republican, "will strongly support those who believe that the world has seen the British nation pass the zenith of its prestige and power." Miss Ellen M. Stone, the missionary who was ransomed from the captivity in which she had been held by brigands in Turkey for several months, arrived in New York on April It). The now inev-itable outcome of great notoriety has en-sued, and she has begun a lecture tour. The new British custom taxes on grain have been promptly folowed by an ad-vance of two shillings a sack on the price of flour and a corresponding advance in the price of wheat. In the very hour of the cry of universal peace war is advanc-ing the price of the prime necessities of life. Ł On April i the House of Representa- tives at Washington voted down an amendment to the sundry civil appro- priation bill providing for an appropria-tion to maintain the light on the Statue of Liberty in New York Harbor. It seems, however, that the War Department has since made provision for maintaining the same, so the "torch of liberty" will re-sume its shining. "It is impossible," says the Springfield Republican, "not to admire the coolness with which Elihu Root, who contemptu-ously declared in his Canton speech in 1900 that 'government does not depend upon consent,' asserts that Gen. Miles' plan, if carried out, would subject the Filipinos 'to the arbitrary rule of a mil-itary dictator.' This should remind every one that the government which is now granted to the Filipinos is nothing but a despotism, and that the whole Philippine administration is under the direction of the War Department." Notwithstanding the fact that the president-elect of Cuba has plainly stated that he and the Cuban people desired that the harbor and city of Havana shall be left entirely to their own control, it is by no means certain that this will be the case. The American naval authorities report that the harbor of Havana is the one best suited for an American coaling and naval station and shipyard, and that the other contemplated stations are of practically no value. And thus it is very probable that, in spite of the earnest and very plainly manifested wishes of the Cubans, a foreign flag will permanently float in, or within sight of, their capital. Thus does "necessity" operate to palsy the resolutions and to defeat the inten-tions of "benevolence" and "humanity." 