Soo THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY vires, stated also that chapter 104 of the con-solidated statutes of Upper Canada was still in force, having never been repealed by com-petent authority. Section i of this act is iden-tical with section i of the Lord's Day Act. This section is sufficient to accomplish much, and perhaps all that the Lord's Day Alliance hoped to gain by the passing of the later piece of legislation. . . . The members of the Alliance do not feel dis-posed to admit that there is any need to abandon hope for subsequent legislation by the provincial legislature along the same line. . . . The general question of the Province's juris-diction is still open. The Alliance members see in this ground for belief that the main provisions of the act, if framed in different shape, would be found able to stand even the scrutiny of the supreme tribunal. In support of this they point to the shops regulation act, which prohibits Sunday trading and labor, and to the fact that it is under this act that barber shops have been closed on Sunday. The electric railways act, too, contains a sec-tion which is incorporated in every charter, prohibiting Sunday operation of lines. The validity of these enactments has never been disputed, although their purpose is identical with that of the disputed clauses of the Lord's Day Act. Of course the Sunday clauses of these other acts are identical in purpose and character with the purely " Lord's Day " legislation, but instead of that meaning that other legislation of the same charac-ter will be proper under the decision, it means that they also are invalid under the decision. The Alliance leaders think they see a way out of the difficulty in which they now find themselves. Their attor-ney informs them " that the judges con-sidered the word ' profanation,' in the title of the act, to he important, as show-ing its religious character, and thus bring-ing it under the jurisdiction of the Do-minion government." The judges were right ; the word " profanation " is impor-tant as showing the religious character Łof the act, which it unmistakably does. The idea of the Alliance leaders is to frame another Sunday act " in different shape " by omitting this and other words which plainly show its religious charac- ter, and thus have a measure that will ap-parently not infringe upon the prerogative of the Dominion to deal with " offenses against religion," and that may for that reason be found able to stand the scru-tiny of the supreme tribunal." We may expect to hear of a " civil " Sunday or " Sabbath " measure in Ontario next, something that the Sunday-enforcement religionists in Canada have hitherto not been obliged to resort to in their enforce-ment of an observance with which they, in common with their friends in this country, are concerned solely because it is religious. Ł Of course the decision which invali-dates Ontario's Sunday legislation does not touch, except indirectly, the vitally important question of Sunday enforce-ment itself. This is a question that very seldom gets before the courts on its mer-its, and when it does the wrong position is almost invariably taken. The question at issue in this instance was not as to the propriety of Sunday legislation itself, but as to which of two authorities had juris-diction with regard to it. Although it is assumed that the regulation and en-forcement of Sunday observance is prop-erly within the jurisdiction of one of these authorities, it is interesting and impor-tant to note that it is so held on the ground that to it belongs the right to deal with "offenses against religion." The decision indirectly affirms the right of the Dominion government to enact and enforce Sunday legislation, but it at the same time affirms that it is enacting and enforcing religious legislation when it does so. The members of the milk peddlers' union of Syracuse, N. Y., were moved to their present agitation for the discon-tinuance of the delivery of milk on Sun-day by " a strong sermon on the subject that was preached to them by Rev. W. W. 