SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  597 The Bridgeport (Conn.) Union re-ports that the Hebrew merchants of that city "have been instructed that hereafter they must observe the Sunday law, ex-cept where they keep open as a matter of conscience." And even though they keep open "as a matter of conscience," they "are cautioned not to disturb the adher- ents of other denominations." ¥: Fourteen proprietors of various amuse-ment enterprises in Woodside Park, Philadelphia, appeared before a magis-trate at the city hall in that city on June 24, "charged with violating the act of Assembly of 1794 by performing world-ly employment on Sunday." The war-rants were sworn out against them by a special police officer. A continuance of the cases was granted. ¥ The president of the Duluth & Iron Range Railroad, running in and out of Ely, Minn., has given notice that "only excursions gotten up by societies of re-ligious denominations" will be run by that railroad on Sundays. It is thought this determination is due to church in-fluences, and is intended especially to break up Sunday ball playing by prevent-ing attendance from neighboring towns. fi On July 7 the council of the township of Shefford, P. Q., Canada, passed "a by-law to secure a proper observance of the Sabbath." The Waterloo (P. Q.) Advertiser says "it is aimed at Sunday games and Sunday shooting and fish-ing," and that "sportsmen who in future venture to hunt, fish or play golf or base- ball in the limits of the municipality on Sunday will be snaffled by the minions of the law." At the instance of a member of the local butcher workmen's union, two butchers of Ottumwa, Iowa, were ar- rested late in May "on the charge of breaking the Sabbath by selling meat on that day." At the trial of one of them, on June 4, the jury returned a verdict of not guilty, the opinion seeming to prevail that "the statute permits the sale of meat whenever it is done to meet the' necessities of the people." What a despatch states to have been "a jury trial of unusual importance" took place in the county court of Creighton, Neb., on June 14, in which "the Good Citizens' League, the Protestant Minis-ters' Association, and the State of Ne-braska were plaintiffs, and the local ball team was defendant." The charge was playing ball on Sunday. After twenty minutes deliberation the jury returned a verdict of not guilty, and the defendants were discharged. :¥ On June 16 a delegation of five minis-ters, representing as many different churches, waited on the mayor of Ge-neva, N. Y., and "called for a general enforcement of the Sunday laws," com-plaining particularly of "the sale of pa-pers on the streets, the music of a piano in a certain candy store, the Sunday ball game at Preemption Park, and the al-leged violations of the excise law." The mayor said he would order the law en-forced against Sunday ball playing. On June 26 a local branch of the Re-tail Clerks' International Protective As-sociation was organized in Mankato, Minn., and about the first action taken was the appointment, of "committees to see the merchants and ask them to close their stores on Sunday as provided by law." Further than this it is said that "Sunday closing is the only point that the clerks are going to stand for at pres-ent." In this they are to have the sup-port of all labor organizations in the city. 