EDITORIAL 231 the place of "the public worship of God," Ł0 that they could worship there if they ( hose to do so. To-day throughout the Lnited States, and in other parts of the world, people are compelled by Sunday laws to stop all labor, "except works of charity and necessity," so that "they can orship on that day if they want to." It ould take a very wise man to explain the difference in principle between these two things. One simply went a litle far- ther than does the other. The person who was compelled to come to church on Sunday in Plymouth Colony was not compelled to worship when he came; he was simply made to come to "the public worship of God." The man who is now compelled to stop labor on Sunday in or-der that he may worship if he wants to, is not compelled to worship, but he is compelled to come to "the public worship of God" as verily as were the dissenters in New England in former times. The difference is that then the public, politi-cal, legal "worship of God" on Sunday included among its forms attendance at church, while now the public, political, legal "worship of God" on StInday no longer includes going to church; but it does include cessation from labor and from everything that is regarded as in-consistent with the character of the day as a day for the public worship of God. In his recent message to the New York legislature Governor Odell, in referring to the Sunday laws, spoke of "rendering to God, who has blessed us as a nation, the homage that is due Him." And there can be no doubt that, in the minds of the great mass of those who support such legislation, Sunday laws are re-garded as necessary in order that the State, the people in their political ca-pacity, may render to God "the homage that is due Him." And all who are com-pelled by such laws to stop work, or to  do anything else that they would not have done otherwise, are compelled to join in rendering this public, political. legal homage, though individually and personally they may be as far from wor-shipping God as was no doubt the case many times with those who in the seven-teenth century in Plymouth Colony went to church on Sunday so as not to be pun-ished for violating the law. Some Important Points on the Sun-day Question Even if it be true, as is so persistently declared by the advocates of Sunday en-forcement, that present tendencies mean the "destruction' of the Sabbath," it can-not be denied that this destruction will be brought about in much the same way as the observance of Sunday began. The Sun-Day was originally observed in the "Continental" fashion that is so abhorred by its defenders and champions in these days. It was a pagan festival day, a holiday,. given up to pleasure and rioting. The first legislation in the Ro-man Empire enforcing its observance spoke of it as "the venerable day of the sun," and from this legislation has sprung all the civil statutes in succeeding times enforcing the observance of the so-called Christian Sunday. Beginning in the third and fourth cen-turies, A. D., "the Church" gradually transferred (for herself and all who would accept her authority in the matter) the obligation of Sabbath observance from the seventh to the first day of the week. But it took about a thousand years for "the Church" to make Sunday "the Sabbath," for it has been known as such for only about three centuries. Sun-day was never completely divested of its "Continental" character until it was shrouded in the garb woven for it by 