322 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY not monarchism is on the wane in the world to-day It is said that the amount • which the Government will save in twelve months by extinguishing the light on the Statue of Liberty will amount to just one-fourth the sum it is paying to send repre-sentatives to the coronation of Edward VII. v Rudyard Kipling, "the poet of im-perialism," thinks that what the United States is doing in the Philippines "is pre-cisely what we are doing in South Africa." He says : :`What a new country wants is a high-toned despot of unlimited powers and absolute integrity. But, as America and England are both free peo-ples, we must just muddle along in the expensive, wasteful, butchery fashion that attends our methods." Mr. Kip-ling is by no means the first man to discover that a free people are unfitted to govern subject peoples. When they attempt it, and persist in the attempt, they usually "muddle along" in an "expensive, wasteful, butch-ery fashion" until they "muddle" them-selves into accepting "a despot of unlim-ited powers," who is sometimes "high-toned," but never possessed of "absolute integrity." On the afternoon of March i i, amid the noise of booming guns, the blowing of whistles on land and water, the play-. ing of band* and the shouting of assem-bled crowds at every point of vantage on the water-front, Prince Henry of Prussia took,his departure for Germany on the Deutschland of the Hamburg-American line. Felicitous messages . were ex-changed between President Roosevelt and the Prince on the eve of his depart-ure, and immediately after he had sailed messages were exchanged between the German Emperor and the President.  The cruiser-yacht Hohenzollern departed at the same time. The honorary degree.  of Doctor of Laws was conferred upon the Prince by Harvard University on March 6. This was more an act of inter-national courtesy than anything else, for it is not pretended that the Prince was given this degree by virtue of his own attainments as a man. It is said that during the recent stormy times at Barcelona, Spain, anarchists and militant socialists flocked thither from all parts of Europe, and even from America, for the purpose of fomenting trouble and of aggravating it when it occurred. This statement may be slightly exaggerated, but there is no doubt that there is con-siderable truth underlying it. The sig-nificance of the fact here brought out is that in times of industrial depression and popular commotion there are to-day throughout the world many discontented spirits who will flock hither, and under cover of a strike or some other form of industrial disturbance, will commit acts of violence and terror. There is no rea-son to believe that industrial disturb-ances of a violent character will be dis-continued, and it is quite certain that the violent characters who stand ready to take advantage of such opportunities are increasing rather than decreasing. The Russianization of Finland pro-ceeds in the same despotic way in which from time immemorial strong nations have been accustomed to extend their sovereignty over weaker ones that they desired to rule. ' But some sturdy oppo-sition is being met with. The Finnish clergy in many parishes have refused to read out in their pulpits the military ser-vice edict, and press censors who have trespassed in private houses in search of unauthorized prints have been prose- 