578  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ols was arraigned on the charge of keep-ing open store and selling general mer-chandise on Sunday. The case came be-fore Judge Brents, of the superior court for the county of Walla Walla, who ren-dered a decision that attracted consider-able attention at the time, in which he pronounced the statute under which the action was brought unconstitutional on the ground that it made an unwarranted discrimination between businesses that were essentially alike in their relation to the morals, health and general welfare of a community, prohibiting some on Sun-day and permitting others. The princi-ple was laid down that a court had noth-ing to do ,but to enforce a law, however unwise and impolitic it might be, so long as in enacting it the legislature acted within its constitutional powers, but it was held that in passing a law which made such discriminations as were found in the Sunday law the legislature had transcended its powers. The prosecuting attorney appealed to the State supreme court, and that court rendered its decision in the matter a few weeks ago. The judgment of the lower court was reversed and the case remand-ed for further proceedings in accordance with the opinion rendered, the supreme court declaring that "it is concluded up-on principle and authority that the statute under consideration is a valid exercise of legislative power, and here is the limit of judicial inquiry." We have not been able to obtain a copy of the decision yet, and so do not know upon just what "principle and authority" it has been concluded in this instance that a Sunday statute is "a valid exercise of legislative power." We shall hope to be able to present the matter more fully in our .next issue. It seems to be an exceedingly rare thing for a higher court to take an ad-verse position with regard to Sunday  legislation, notwithstanding that it is of-ten declared that the days of the "blue-laws" are past, and that there seems to be developing among the people quite a strong trend away from the restrictions of such-legislation. In this Washington case it would seem that the position of Judge Brents was perfectly sound, for even granting that the legislature had the right to enact a Sunday law it would seem that fairness and justice would re-quire that it should operate upon all cit-izens and businesses alike. But the fact is that a Sunday statute is itself an unfair and unjust discrimination, a discrimina-tion so gigantic that its very greatngss serves somewhat Ito hide its real charac-ter. It is therefore not at all strange that discriminations are made, permitted and. sanctioned in the law itself. ¥ The Attitude of the Archbishop For several years the great Catholic prelate of the Northwest, Archbishop Ireland, has been distinctly -and notori-ously en rapport with the leaders of the political party that has been in control of the Government in recent years. So in-timate has been this relation that he has on a number of occasions been able to speak with authority concerning the atti-tude of the Government with regard to matters about which the general public knew practically nothing. This relation has now brought him into what appears to be an anomalous position. In the mat-ter of the policy of the Goverment in its relations to the Catholic Church in the Philippines he seems to be directly at odds with the great body of his corelig-ionists in this country. He takes his stand with the Administration in the matter, and characterizes as "unguarded," "reckless" and "reprehensible" much that has been said by Catholic newspa-pers on this question. This has gained 