THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 323 tioned only on religious grounds, with which the state has no concern. The right of labor is a sacred right, and its prohibition by the state in deference to a re-ligious day of the week can never be sanctioned by any principle of free government, or of right and justice. S.  from the beginning it was not so." And in giving alle-giance to human government instead of yielding to the Lord, in putting human statutes above, or upon an equality with, the divine law, men just as truly reject God to-day as did the children of Israel when they de-manded a king that they might be like all the nations. B. The Nature of Civil Government. Civil government is ordained of God, but not in the sense understood by some. We are not taught in the Scriptures that there is anything divine about human government. Had man never sinned, there would have been no such thing as civil government. "God is love," and had sin not entered, love would have reigned supreme over all. But God is never taken by surprise. He is never confronted by an emer-gency for which he has made no provision. Man was so constituted that in harmony with God he would gladly yield to the divine government of love. Alien-ated from God, his innate love of order, his sense of justice, and his instinct of self-preservation would lead him inevitably to organize in some manner for the at-tainment of these ends. And such government is or-dained of God in just the same sense as are any of our social relations which inevitably result from human nature and environment, and which in their proper ex-ercise are for the good of mankind. Moreover, this governmental power is just as liable to be misused as are any of the functions of mind or body. It must be apparent to every one who will give the matter even a moment's thought, that civil government in some form is absolutely essential for a race of social, free moral agents, in a state of alienation from God. Had not God committed to men the conservation of their own rights, one of two things must have hap-pened ; either vengeance for transgression against hu-man rights would have been so swift and certain as to terrorize men, thus destroying in a measure their free moral agency, or else punishment would have been so long delayed as to afford no protection to those in need of it. "God is love," and when in consonance with his character, he cannot, because of man's sin, do for him what he otherwise would do, he does the very best thing that can be done under the circumstances. To permit civil government among men was the best thing that God could do for a race that had re-fused his divine rule. Since men would not willingly submit themselves to their Creator in all things, as they would not so yield themselves to the God of love that he might work in each one to love his neighbor as himself, they must, for the preservation of the race, be compelled to submit themselves one to another in civil things, that is, in their relations one with another. "But The "Christian Party." As the readers of the Sentinel know, there is in the field of national politics a party styling itself the "United Christian Party," the platform of which says : "We believe the time has arrived when the eternal principles of justice, mercy and love as exemplified in the life and teachings of Jesus Christ should be em-bodied in the Constitution of our nation and applied in concrete form to every function of our government. We maintain that this statement is in harmony with the fundamental principles of our national common law, our Christian usages and customs, the declaration of the Supreme Court of the United States that this is a Christian country and the accepted principles in judicial decisions that no law shall contravene the di-vine law. "We deprecate certain immoral laws which have grown out of failure of our nation to recognize these principles, notably the permission of the desecration of the Christian Sabbath, authorized unscriptural mar-riage and divorce and the license and manufacture and sale of intoxicating liquors as a beverage." This is but putting into slightly different phrase the demands made for years by the National Reform As- sociation, article 2 of the constitution of which reads : "The object of this society shall be to maintain existing Christian features in the American govern-ment ; to promote needed reforms in the action of the government, touching the Sabbath, the institution of the family, the religious element in education, the oath, and public morality as affected by the liquor traffic and other kindred evils ; and to secure such an amend-ment to the Constitution of the United States as will declare the nation's allegiance to Jesus Christ and its acceptance of the moral laws of the Christian religion, and so indicate that this is a Christian nation, and place all the Christian laws, institutions, and usages of our government on an undeniable legal basis in the funda-mental law of the land." The points of similarity between the two planks which we have quoted from the platform of the United Christian Party and article 2 of the National Reform constitution are certainly striking. Just what such ut-terances mean can be best told by those prominent in this so-called reform scheme. In a convention held in New York City, Feb. 26, 27, 1873, Jonathan Edwards, D. D., said : "We want state and religion, and we are going to have it. It shall be that so far as the affairs of state 