THE COURSE OF EMPIRE  365 Philippines in wanton defiance of the first principle of American law." Notwithstanding the fact that during the last presidential campaign the idea was strenuously. and assiduously incul-cated in this country that the Filipinos were about the same sort of savages as the Apache Indians and their leaders about the same sort of bloodthirsty wretches as Geronimo himself when he was on the warpath, it is safe to say that now no one who cares anything for the truth would make any such representa-tions. Evidently there are some desper-ate and bloodthirsty characters in the Philippines, and there are no doubt some savages, but the great body of the people on the islands where the insurrection has been carried on longest and strongest are not savages by any means. The weight of evidence goes to show that if there is any difference they are intellectually in .advance of the Cubans. "They have a high appreciation of education and a strong desire to have their children in-structed." Peculiar Apaches, these. And among them they have many highly edu-cated men, who, says Mr. J. G. Schur-man, "are the equals of the men one meets in similar vocationsŠlaw, medi-cine, business, etc.Šin Europe or America." The educated Filipinos, he says, "though constituting a minority, are far more nu'merous than is generally supposed, and are scattered all over the archipelago," and he bears the strongest testimony "to the high range of their in- telligence, and not only to their intellect-ual training, but also to their social re-finement, as well as to the grace and charm of their personal character." And in concluding this article here it may be appropriate to quote some verses writ-ten for his countrymen in his last hours by the young Filipino poet, Jose Rizal, who was shot by the Spaniards on the 3oth of December, 1896, on the false charge of inciting an insurrection in Manila. It will be noticed that the lan-guage is very good and the sentiments quite high for a savage: Farewell, adored Fatherland ; our Eden lost, farewell; Farewell, 0 sun's loved region, pearl of the eastern sea ; Gladly I die for thy dear sake; yea, thou knowest well, Were my sad life more radiant far than mortal tongue could tell, Yet would I give it gladly, joyously for thee! Pray for those who died alone, betrayed in wretchedness ; For those who suffered for thy sake torments and misery ; For broken hearts of mothers, who weep in bitterness; For widows, tortured captives, orphans in deep distress; And pray for thy dear self, that thou may'st finally be free! And the hope of these last words is evidently the hope that will never die in the hearts of the countrymen of Rizal, notwithstanding the fact that it is now the United States instead of Spain which seeks to crush it. Ł The American Federation of Catholic Societies has established permanent head-quarters at Cincinnati, Ohio, where the national executive committee will have its office and conduct its work. The pur-pose of this organization is to influence legislation in behalf of Catholic claims  and demands, to bring to bear upon legislators, both State and national, the combined influence of the Catholic population. It has been so stated by the founders of the organization, though not in so many words. In this way, from one central office, the whole weight of Cath- 