EDITORIAL 437 from this standpoint, seventh-day observ-ers will be in perfect accord with Sun-day observers. But they will not endorse any scheme for enforcing a religious ob-servance however plausible may be the excuse offered for it. If there is special legislation closing saloons on Sunday it must be for no other reason than that they are a menace to public order on that day, and not that their being open is contrary to somebody's religious belief. And when this principle is honestly and consistently applied to the matter there will follow an abrogation of the laws now compelling people to be idle on Sunday, for the law prohibiting honest labor on Sunday is the best ally that the Sunday saloon has. And now, as we said before, we say again, that we have every sympathy with the W.C.T.U. in its opposition to the liquor traffic, but we have no sympathy with efforts that are based on the idea that the question of the observance of Sunday or any other day is a matter for State legislation. We believe that the W.C.T.U. has done and is doing a noble work, but we believe that its efforts for Sunday enforcement are a mistake and are just that much to its discredit. And so long as there are those who insist up-on riding the hobby of Sunday enforce-ment we shall consider it necessary to ride the hobby of opposition to it. But in doing so we shall always try to "play fair," as we are convinced that we have done in this instance, notwithstading the contrary opinion of the Woman's Tem-perance Work. Ł "Blue-Law" Agitation :in Massa- chusetts The "Sunday-Soda Bill," which so amends the present law as to permit the sale of soda-water, ice-cream and confec- tionery on Sunday, has been a matter of considerable interest in Massachusetts of late. On April 24 the bill was favorably reported by the committee of the legisla-ture to which it had been referred. On May 2 it passed the lower house by a large majority, and on the i3th it was announced that it would be ready to go to the governor for his signature as soon as the lower house agreed to the senate amendment excluding from the privileg-es of the bill common victualers having liquor licenses. Very little opposition was shown to it in the legislature, although one member protested against it vigor-ously on the ground that it was "but an entering wedge to break down the Sab-bath laws" and would "open every retail store in Massachusetts on Sundays." Of course the bill itself did not touch the vital question of the legitimacy of Sunday legislation, and although there was opportunity in the discussions which attended its passage, there seemed to be very little disposition on the part of leg-islators, even those most opposed to the "blue laws," to advocate the principle of church and state separation in the matter. Such terms as "the Sabbath," "the Lord's day," "the Sabbath law now on our stat-ute books," etc., were freely used. The issue thus was not upon the question of Sunday enforcement itself, but simply upon the sort of observance that should be enforced. But while the bill itself is of very little consequence, some of the utterances which it called forth from certain quar-ters are worthy of note. On April 24, at a joint meeting in Boston of repre-sentatives of eight druggists' associations of Massachusetts, who of course were es-pecially interested in the passage of the bill, it was unanimously endorsed, and those present pledged themselves to do everything possible to secure its passage. One section of the resolutions adopted 