NOTE AND COMMENT. 53 of the twentieth century, as they had been accustomed to do for many pre-ceding centuries, will not be a disap-pointment after all, but rather an incite-ment to further knowledge of the won-ders of the universe." The theory that the "blazing marvel in the sky" of 1833 occurs every thirty-three years, and has been accustomed to do Iso for many centuries, is simply the invention of as-tronomical mathematicians, and it is proper that on them should be left the burden of solving the mystery of the ab-sence since 1833 of any such phenome-non as then appeared. The Jarvis Street Baptist Church, of Toronto, not only believes in the prin-ciple of separation of church and state, but by its practice it demonstrates the depth and sincerity of its belief. A Toronto exchange says : "The treasurer of the Jarvis Street Baptist Church of this city has forward-ed to the city treasurer a cheque for $587.50 as an installment on the $850 of taxes which this church pays of its own accord on the annual levy. For many years the Jarvis Street Baptist Church has proven that it does not be-long to that large and dangerous class known as tax-dodgers, by sending to the city authorities its annual cheque and a protest against all exemptions. The money they have paid in and the in-terest thereon must already amount to a sum sufficient to build a handsome edifice, but this good example has ap-parently been wasted if bringing other denominations to a similar view was the object aimed at. This, however, should not be considered as the final test of Success or failure. The Jarvis Street Baptist Church, in this instance at least, is letting its light so shine as to afford  an example to others, while at the same time the congregation can sit in their pews with a clear conscience of duty done, no matter whether others see it in the same light or not." Booker T. Washington contributes an article on "Lynch Law and Anarchy" to a recent number of the Sunday School Times of Philadelphia. It is stated that "a lynching has taken place within the last twenty years within every one of our States except five." The terrible condi-tion which this constitutes and the still more terrible conditions which it will in-evitably bring, if not checked, may be gathered from the following : "During the exciting days following the shooting of the late President Mc-Kinley, it was my privilege to mingle a good deal with the people in one of our Western States, and almost every other man who referred to the crime expressed himself as in favor of burning or the ex-ecution without trial of Czolgosz. As I listened to these expressions day after day, it convinced me, as never before, that a spirit of lawlessness had gotten a hold upon the whole country that few of us realize." "Perhaps the most demoralizing and hurtful result of mob violence is the hardening effect which it has upon our youth. I think it is safe to say that on an average fifty persons witnessed the execution by lynching of every man or woman that has taken place in this country. According to this, it is safe to say that, within the last sixteen years, one hundred and twenty-five thousand persons have been present when lynch-ings took place. In each case a large proportion of those who had been drawn to witness the unlawful execution have been children, or those of tender age. 