" SABBATH REFORM" OPPRESSION IN PHILADELPHIA 789 El p 1 note the comparison: Hungerford could have worked at hard and dan-gerous manual labor Š at work at which, instead of merely his foot being smashed, he might have been crushed to death Š at Baldwin's, in conjunction with an army of mechanics and labor-ers, all day on Sunday and nothing would have been done about it. But when quietly in his little store he ac-cepts five cents for goods which he is asked to sell, he is hailed to court! I herewith indicate a few specimens of some acts of "necessity" that our good "Sabbath" people wink at while pros-ecuting the poor and defenseless. Large sums of money are involved in these undertakings : Hundreds of men, plate layers and laborers, are working every Sunday upon the line. Hundreds of laborers are at work every Sunday on the docks. Ap.other act of "necessity " are the many newspaper stands on Sunday along our main thoroughfares that are not there during the week. I challenge these regulators [of "Sabbath" ob-servance] to act in the premises. I have pointed out the violations. While they denounce the Sunday newspaper in their annual reports, they dare not act toward the newspapers as they do toward the cigar and candy dealers. The Rapid Transit Company on Sun-day, October 25, had over 1,000 men employed tearing up and relaying North Eighth Street ; in fact they were working harder than they would on or-dinary days. We never knew of any arrests made in this direction. Why? It might interfere with a donation to the Sabbath Association. There is no doubt in my mind that that makes the difference. I am in possession of facts tending to show this. This being the anniversary of the present miserable crusade, I made up my mind to make a little investigation, and accordingly visited the controller's office, and perused Magistrate South's monthly returns, and separated the Sunday fines from the ordinary fines. The figures for the Sunday fines are as follows: November, 1902 ........ . $ 96.35 December 3d  211.15 DeceMber 22d  657.85  January, 1903  657.85 February  511.40 March  331.40 April  609.55 May  619.10 June  559.40 July  1,158.00 August  1,045.45 September  756.20 Ł $7,213.70 October (there is a possibility of running over $1,000) .... 1,000.00 $8,213.70 All of the above fines are from cigar and candy dealers. The amount would have been much more, but in the early stage of the prosecutions many were let off by the payment of the costs. The Rev. G. S. Vail, prosecutor in chief, would ask : " Will you promise to keep closed in the future if we remit the fine ? " Many did promise, and thus escaped with the payment of the costs. The records show that some have been fined right along, and thousands are never molested. A few have been made especial marks, as the following list will show : J. D. Farmakis, fined 53 times, at $6.50 each, $344.50 ; J. P. Farmakis fined 40 times, $260; an-other fined 31 times ; another fined 25 times ; one druggist, 23 times. The prosecutors have been known to jump from West Philadelphia to Frankford on purpose to pick certain parties. I have a long list showing many similar cases. Last November the public was led to believe that "a cigar and candy Sunday-closing organization" had come into existence. Such an announcement was made by the Rev. Geo. S. Vail. The affidavits which have been sworn to before Magistrate South in the weekly prosecutions against the deal-ers bear the signature of Geo. S. Vail only, and are not made in behalf of any cigar and candy "organization." The following extract from the sixty-third annual report of the Philadelphia Sab-bath Association, regarding the closing of candy and cigar stores on Sunday, leaves no doubt as to what organization it is for which Mr. Vail has been acting: "We opened up a subscription for 