EDITORIAL. 31 Human Rights and Human Beings Inseparable. Have you been in doubt as to whether or not men possess in-alienable rights? Have you reasoned that though this might be the case that it was better and more noble to silently suffer them to be despoiled than to in-sist that they be respected and to protest against their infringement? Have you imagined that the inalienable rights which inhere in every individual can be surrendered by him, or that he can in-nocently attempt to divest himself of these rights? Have you imagined that the general good requires the surrender of these rights? Have you wondered from whence human rights spring, and what is their enduring basis? If so, read carefully the article in this number headed "The Sacredness of Human Rights." Learn there that human rights and human beings are inseparable, and that these rights can be destroyed only by the destruction of the beings to whom they belong. When an individual ceases to be a human being then may it be said that he no ,longer possesses human rights ; but so long a‚s he remains the being that God made him he has a divine right to the rights which God has given him. Charming wrote in days far removed from these, and with reference to far other issues than those which engage the attention of the friends of liberty to- day, but he could not have written more directly to the point had he been writ- ing with reference to nothing else than the issues which now confront us. The great, elemental principles of freedom are the same yesterday, to-day and for-ever, and they are to the point on every question in which human rights are in-volved. We trust that yOu will keep us in-formed regarding Sunday enforcement and similar developments which may occur in your locality. While news-paper clippings will be welcomed, we shall be glad also if you will write up a brief account of each occurrence. If the friends of The Sentinel respond as we hope in this matter we shall have a special department in which these short communications will be published. The same moral sentiment which insisted that this nation should not con-tinue half slave and half free was the same sentiment which at its beginning made an absolute separation between religion and government. This is the kind of moral sentiment that is needed to-day as a basis for government; not that spurious moral basis of which we now hear so much, which would inevi-tably lead to the immorality of the In-quisition. Sunday Observance and National Prosperity. In a report declaring that "wholesome laws must be enacted whereby these things [Sunday labor, pleasure, etc.] may be put from us," the Michigan an-nual conference of the Methodist Epis-copal Church at a recent session gave expression to an idea that is frequently -advanced by the advocates of Sunday en-forcement. The report closed with this sentence : "If the quiet, thoughtful Sun-day of our fathers, which has been so strong a factor in our civilization, shall be exchanged for the continental Sunday of modern Europe, there will surely come a decline of our national prestige and power." We do not know whether those who are fond of advancing this idea have 