EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 391  nations also, while the chief non-Catholic laity were conspicuous by their attendance. The names of twenty-five clergymen were given by the Buffalo Express as being among the Protestant clergymen present." With the body of Methodist ministers was the presiding elder of the Buffalo district of that church. Among the " many public officials " present were the superintendent of education and the city auditor, the latter, however, being a Catholic, and one of the speakers of the occasion. At the conclusion of the ser-vices " the archbishop passed around the church preceded by 133 altar boys and priests, and everyone knelt as he bestowed his blessing." At the rear there was a file of tall policemen, the tallest men that Sergeant Ryan could single out for the occasion, and as the archbishop passed they bowed on one knee and removed their caps to receive the blessing of the arch-bishop. At the risk of being considered narrow and bigoted, we venture to say that this and other not infrequent occurrences simi-lar to it are noteworthy evidences that Rome is rising to supremacy in this coun-try. The presence of the " Protestant" clergymen on this occasion would not have been so significant were it the case that Catholic ecclesiastics fraternize in a similar way with Protestants. But how many " bodies " of Catholic ecclesiastics, or even individual ecclesiastics, would at-tend a Protestant service and " join in a fervent God-speed " to a Protestant churchman ? Though they may not know it, Protestants are surrendering to Rome and making easy her triumph in this country. Catholics did not fail to take note of this Buffalo incident. One lead-ing Catholic journal asked, " What could be more gratifying? " and said : " It is plain froth this that religious amenities in Buffalo are idyllic. While in many portions of the country social and political conditions show undoubted signs of moral decay, there are some hopeful symptoms  observable." An incident that should not be overlooked is that of the policemen. According to the reports some such in-cident takes place at nearly every great Roman Catholic service in the large cities. Military companies, professedly in the service of the State, are frequently men-tioned as figuring in such services. It should not be difficult for any one to see that in this the principle of the separation of church and state is being disregarded in the interests of the Catholic Church. Such proceedings may be proper enough where there is an established church ; in a country where there is not an established church they are out of place, for they are compatible only with a union of church and state, and can have no other tendency than to bring about such a union. Re-turning to Archbishop Quigley's utter-ance, why was it that he was convinced by the Western parochial schools that " the generation which follows us will be exclusively Catholic " ? Is the coming generation being trained in those schools ? Are the children of Protestants and non-Catholics as well as of Catholics being educated in them? It must be that this is the case, for how else could the arch-bishop have been convinced by them that " the next generation will be exclusively Catholic " ? Ł Again the Supreme Court has upheld the doctrine that the Constitution is not binding in territory acquired by the United Stated until " extended " over it by special act of Congress. And again, as two years ago, this principle, which is fraught with such grave consequences, is sustained by the slender majority of one, and again one of the majority judges differs from the others in the reasoning by which the judgment of the court is reached. This late decision was ren-dered on June I, just before the court adjourned for the summer. The ques-tion before the court was as to the legal- 