748 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY with the Vatican, agreeing thereby to give its agent a diplomatic status in the Philippines, or else that anything done by that agent is void in law. Moreover, a treaty of any sort with any foreign power must, under our system, receive the confirmation of the Senate in order to be valid. The Senate has confirmed no treaty with the Vatican. But the Taft "mission" made a treaty granting a purely diplomatic status to the Pope's delegate, in addition to his ecclesiastical status ; and this treaty is now, according to common report, being carried out by the President, before it has been sub-mitted to the Senate. True, they don't call it a treaty. They call it an agreement or "contract." They might call it a splachnuck; but it would still be a treaty. With the claim to the right of investi-ture conceded ; with a diplomatic status for his emissaries conceded; with his cor-porations sanctioned and endowed in the Philippines and in the District of Colum-bia ; with the American army and navy to execute vengeance upon his recalci-trant Gallican subjects ; with American generals playing the role of Alva, and American judges playing the role of Torquemada, in his service; with, accord-ing to reports, the President beseeching him to reward John Ireland with a cardi-nal's hat for planning all these glorious achievementsŠwith all this accomplished in America, with the full assent of both the great political parties of the nation, the Pope ought to feel happy. But the Methodists are displeased over the report that the President wants John Ireland rewarded for these "services he has rendered the church and the state." They say that the President really had no right to allow John Ireland to render such wonderful "services." They say nothing about O'Gorman, however; and yet O'Gorman has been one of the chief factors in all this business. He was ap- pointed officially by the President to kits-sist in the work of the Taft Commission; and his principles are an index to the na- ture of the "services" performed by that commission, of which he was a control- ling spirit. While this O'Gorman was a professor in the so-called Catholic Uni-versity here some years ago, he wrote a book, which may now be found in the Library of Congress, on the history of the Catholic Church in the United States, in which he expressed his cordial ap-proval of incendiarism, involving whole-sale murder of American citizens, as a re-ligious doctrine, and glorified an alleged plot of the Irish papists of New York to reduce the whole of that city to ashes, as a legitimate means of checking the prog-ress of the Native American party.' Our Methodist brethren ought to inquire why this historian was made a commissioner of the people of the United States. They ought to read his history, and inquire whether the President had read it when he clothed such a man with official dig-nity and power. John Ireland is said to have suggested the Taft "mission" to Rome, and to have secured the appointment of O'Gorman as a member of it. This is one of the "serv-ices" rendered by him to the "church and state," for which he claims a cardinal's hat as a reward. And it is for this singu-lar service that the President is said to have solicited that reward for him. There was once a time when no responsible pub-lic man in this country would have dared to adopt the political schemes of a Rom-ish prelate, or to use such prelates as in-struments in the execution of his policy, much less beseech the Pope to pay his po-litical debts for him. Has America be-come so poor that she cannot have a pol-icy of her own, that her own citizens can-not be trusted to carry out that policy, that she cannot pay her agents for doing 1  "American Church History Series," vol. Ix., p. 375- 