588  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY are nominated not by the Lord, but by the party leaders. The Lord has nothing to, say about it. Is God thus left out of account where Christian duty is con-cerned ? God has His ways of working and His agencies, but they are not those of the politician. They are of His own devising, not of man's. God's agencies are spirit-ual ; man's are not. What men often seek to do through politics and legislation, God purposes to do through the Gospel. God's agencies alone can reach the fountain-head of the stream of evil which pollutes the earth; and therefore they alone are effectual for true reform. At the polls Christ's followers are mere voters, in a hopeless minority. But as co-workers  with God they are the salt of the earth. PoliticiansÑ" Christian " politicians espe-ciallyÑproceed on the idea that the world can be reformed. God's work proceeds on the idea that the world cannot be re-formed ; that it is doomed to perdition, and that the only thing that can be done is to save people out of it. Man's methods and schemes to establish righteousness in the earth will fail, but God's will succeed. God's idea is the true one,' and all others are wrong and futile. God is not in partnership with any polit-ical party, and the methods and agencies for His work are such as He alone, and no man nor party, has devised, and such as He alone controls. L. A. SMITH. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. 0 0 A " new ordinance in regard to the stores closing on Sunday " is in effect in Garden Grove, Iowa. It has " provoked considerable comment, both favorably and adversely," but " nearly all stores have complied with it." The Winnipeg (Manitoba) Press re-ports that " all game wardens and mounted police of the Territories have re-ceived instructions from the government to rigidly enforce observance of game laws in regard to Sunday shooting." It is reported from Atlantic City, N. J., that the " amusement men have talked the matter over among themselves and cannot figure out any gain by bucking the authorities and the sentiment of the masses " in the matter of Sunday open-ing, and so will " observe the Sabbath strictly." Four proprietors of amusement places.  at Revere Beach, near Boston, were on August I I " served with summonses to appear in the Chelsea police court to an-swer to the charge of keeping open a public diversion on the Lord's Day, con-trary to law." H. Stahl, Mrs. Solomon Cohen, and E. Epstein, storekeepers of St. Paul, Minn., were arraigned in the police court of that city on August 26 " charged with violat-ing the Sunday-closing law." They were arrested on complaints sworn to by a representative of the retail clerks' union. While members of a New Haven, Conn., lodge of the I. 0. 0. F., out for a day's recreation, were engaged in "a harm-less game of baseball " at Sunset Beach on August 23 :` a sheriff from Branford, clothed with the authority of the law, 