SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the country in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed in the general articles and the editorial department. Four hundred and ninety-six persons were arrested in New York City last year for violating the Sunday law. The druggists in Anniston, Ala., were recently notified that if they sold any-thing on Sunday that was not a drug they would be prosecuted under the Sun-day law of the State. The Norristown (Pa.) Register re-ports that "Frank Hoffman and David Helmore, of East Greenville, were fined $6o and costs for violating the game laws by shooting rabbits on Sunday." "Sunday closing is again being agi-tated," reports the Peoria (Ill.) Star. "Now some of the trade journals and re-tail merchants' papers have taken the matter up and the regular wave of Sun-day closing is sweeping over." Having promised to join the Retail Clerks' Union and "to keep closed on Sunday," M. Baskin and Jacob Baskin, of Springfield, Ohio, who had been ar-rested for keeping their store open on Sunday, were dismissed by the police court. The New Jersey Synod of the Presby-terian Church, recently in session in At-lantic City, passed a series of resolutions condemning Sunday excursions, "pro-testing against the buying, reading or advertising in Sunday newspapers, and asking pastors to preach a special ser- mon in April of each year on Sunday ob-servance." The habit in colleges and other institutions of studying Monday's lessons on Sunday was declared by one speaker to be a blot upon any institution that permitted it. Strikers at Reading, Pa., recently caused the arrest of the street-car mo-tormen and conductors of that city for Sunday work. The cases against them were dismissed at a habeas corpus hear-ing, but attorneys for the prosecution have now appealed to the Superior Court. The Rochester (N. Y.) Times says : "Charged with violating the new ordi-nance which prohibits the sale of tin-cooked meat on Sundays, Joseph Am-dourski, a Joseph Avenue butcher, was before Judge Ernst to-day. He pleaded not guilty. The case was adjourned for two weeks." The village authorities of Hammond, Wis., according to reports, "are en-forcing the Sabbath law." A dispatch states that "H. C. Wetterlin, who runs a temperance saloon at this place, paid a fine of $io and costs to-day in police court for keeping his place of business open Sundays." The American Sabbath (Sunday) Union and various temperance and re-ligious organizations have begun an agi-tation in this city to protect the "Sab- 