REST FROM LABORŠSHOULD IT BE COERCED? isi Ł r as to make the distinction scarcely worth defining. Honest, useful industry is ranked among the virtues, and innocent recreation is harmless amusement, and neither can injure any one; and while either or both of those are pursued with-out injuring or disturbing others in their right to work or rest, or 'to keep a re-ligious sabbath, they are not evil or im-moral acts and do not fall within the objects of civil government and the legis-lature has no right to interdict them. The Effect of the Simultaneous Suspension of Useful Industry and Innocent Recreation It would be useless labor and waste of time to discuss the policy of a law which it is proved the legislature has no right to make. The impolicy, however, of interdicting both useful labor and in-nocent amusement on any and the same day, and particularly in a community whose habits are intemperate, and whose customs are so closely allied or directly lead to the excessive use of ardent drink and all its consequent and multiplied ir-regularities and crimes, cannot long be doubted by any who have reflected much upon the matter, and are not contented to accept gratuitously the ready-made opinions on that subject. The old and vulgar proverb, " When the devil catches a man idle he will set him to work," is a metaphorical expres-sion of the truth that idleness leads to vice. Arid if it is true, as some allege, that even now, when Sunday is appointed by statute law to be regarded and kept as " holy time," there is more vice and immorality practised on it than on any other day of the week, it is to be hoped that tho;e will not be denounced who attribute such effects to their ob-vious cause, nor be obliged by statute law to believe that no evil can result from the simultaneous suspension of honest, useful industry and innocent recreation. The loud and incessant complaints by  the first-day observers of the profanation of Sunday, their religious sabbath day; the constant solicitude and repeated ex-ertion to induce the legislature to enact laws " for suppressing immorality" on that day more than any or perhaps every other in the week ; and the simultaneous suspension of labor and innocent recrea-tion on that day, inclines us to the con-viction that the fact exists as has been stated; and if so, not only the policy of suspending labor and recreation on the same day, but even the morality of the measure may very well be doubted. For that cannot be a moral law the effects of which are evil. And when useful labor, virtuous industry, and innocent recrea-tion alike are interdicted, mischievous idleness begins to work, and vice, im-morality, and misery are its common off-spring. No Objection on the Score of Morality Can be Made to Voluntary, Uueful Labor and Harmless Recreation The reason and utility of innocent rec-reation or amusement is obviously and strongly intimated by the laws of nature, which excite man to pursue his happiness by the means which conduce to the real comforts of his life. It is allowed on every day and practised on any day, not only among the nations which are by Christians denominated heathen, but also in those nations where none but a state religion is tolerated. It is not forbidden to the Jews in their alleged command of God, and is nowhere condemned in the record of the Christian faith. It remained uninterdicted by the Roman emperor Con-stantine, when he by law made Christi-anity a state religion, and forbade servile labor on Sunday because it was the sab-bath of the Christian sect as well as the day of pagan worship. In short, in all Christian [so-called] nations is innocent recreation allowed and practised, except in the two which boast most and loudest of their liberty, viz., Great Britain and most of these United States, where it is 