208 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY deep moral sense of regard for anything. Hut who can explain why voting on a question in a municipal election would be so morally disastrous, while voting on the very same question in a State or national election is all right? The effect must of course be the same, yet the ad-vocates of Sunday enforcement profess to be astounded at the one while by their very demand for such enforcement they are heartily in favor of the other. They see in the one terrible moral disaster, and in the other everything that is de-sirable! The laws of the State and nation must rest upon the popular will, and they who demand that Sunday enforcement shall be a part of these laws are no people to be crying out about the morally disas-trous effect of voting on this question. They are the people upon whom rests the responsibility for making this a mat-ter to be settled by ballot, and their at-titude shows that they believe that such moral and religious matters as Sabbath observancF can properly be settled in that way. Let them, then, not be so ready to decry the test of local option. If religion is to cease to be a matter of conscience and to become a matter of civil legislation, let there be no shrinking from the methods by which civil legisla-tion is accomplished. If the church is determined that her institutions shall have the force of the ballot box behind them, let her not be surprised that there are those who insist that those institu-tions shall be brought to the test of the ballot box. We are told that the transfer "to any subordinate organization whatever" of the power to legislate with regard to Sunday observance could not be made "without universal demoralization." This is said on the assumption that Sun-day observance is required by "the laws  which were thundered down Sinai"Šin short, that Sunday observance is Sab-bath observance. Now, when and where did the Author of the Ten Command-ments ever authorize any such "subor-dinate organization" as the State of New York or any other political power to legislate with regard to Sabbath observ-ance? No such authorization has ever been made, no such power has ever been delegated. But the transfer of such power has been quite widely assumed, and this has resulted in considerable de-moralization, and it will certainly end up in "universal demoralization" if it continues. It seems to have so demoral-ized large numbers of very earnest re-ligious people that they cannot see that "the laws which were thundered down Sinai" had nothing whatever to say about Sunday observance. It seems to have so demoralizd great numbers of American Protestants that they seem perfectly willing to disregard and to trample upon that great American and Protestant principle which denies to the civil magistrate the right to intrude into matters of faith and conscience. It seems to have so demoralized able and intelligent men that they can take the most illogical and inconsistent positions. While demanding the enforcement of a religious observance purely and simply because of its religious character, they declare that they would never think of claiming the right to enforce that ob-servance as a religious institution! Verily, demoralization has resulted from the assumption that the Creator of the Sabbath has transferred to civil gov-ernment the right to regulate its observ-ance. Now, we are aware that all this will appear to have very little practical bear-ing on the present question of local op-tion in New York. But we are confident 