686  THE SENTINEL OF to God, the Lord of the Sabbath, the Author of liberty, who has taught that the authority of civil government is limited .to civil things. Your honor rules that this is a Christian commonwealth, does he not? Judge PettingillÑYes, sir, I do.. Then, I say, God pity the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The great Teacher of Chris-tianity said, "I came not to condemn the world, but to save the world," and also, "Let him that is without sin cast the first stone." The Lord of the Sabbath, the Author of Chris-tianity, came into the world not to employ force, but to uplift and save people by the power of truth and love. The gospel of Chris-tianity is a gospel of persuasion, not of coer-cion. A Christian commonwealth cannot use force and carnal weapons. It must follow the methods of Christ. When the three Hebrew children in Baby-lon were commanded to bow down to the great image that had been set up for all the people to worship, they said to the king: "We are not careful to answer thee in this matter. . . Be it known unto thee, 0 king, that we will not serve thy gods nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up." They claimed the divine right of dissent. We have here another image that has been set up by law, to which all the people are commanded to bow down. Dies Solis, the day of the sun, the day that tries to supplant the Sabbath of the Lord, which is the true Lord's day. The defendant cannot bow down to this image, for he regards it as the mark of apostasy. The defendant is not alone in the opinion that he has the inalienable right of dissent in matters of religion. I wish to read from the Declaration of Independence. Judge.ÑI know all about that; you need not read. Gibson.ÑWill you allow me to read opinions of Madison and Jefferson? Judge.ÑNo, sir.  I care nothing for the opinions or dogmas of "Tom" JeffersonÑnot even for his Declaration of IndependenceÑfor Jefferson was the author of more false doc-trines than even St. Paul himself. Gibson.ÑWell, my defense is based upon the Bill of Rights, from the Revised Statutes of 1892, part first, article first and second. Judge.ÑYou need not read it, sir. Gibson.ÑThen I understand your honor re-fuses to let me read the Bill of Rights, then? Judge.ÑYes, sir, I do. Gibson.ÑWill you let me read from an ad- CHRISTIAN LIBERTY dress by a magistrate in Eastern Middlesex on this very question, relative to the ."Lord's Day"? Judge.ÑWho is it by, sir? By whom was that address made? Gibson.ÑBy your honor, and this copy .is typewritten by your stenographer, Mary E. Pennock, as dictated by you, even to the punc- tuation.  . Judge.ÑI presume that address was given in the Baptist or Methodist church at a temper-ance rally. Gibson.ÑYes, sir. December 11th, 1894. Judge.ÑYou may read it, sir. I am not go-ing back on anything I have said. Mr. Gibson then read several type- written pages of this address, and since it throws considerable light upon the at- titude of the judge respecting this ques-tion, it is perhaps well to present these pertinent extracts : My friends, this discussion now brings me to another matter of importance immediately concerning the peace, order, law and preserva-tion of the Sabbath day. And this sacred day is one which it is hoped will forever be sa-credly observed in New England. . . Not to keep it holy is a violation of all Christian sentiment and of the letter and spirit of the statute law, enacted by our representatives in General Court convened, under the solemnity of their oath of office. We must remember that Massachusetts is a Christian commonwealth; not an heathen nor a pagan one. Massachusetts declared in 178o that the "happiness of a people, and the good order and preservation of civil govern-ment, essentially depend upon piety, religion and morality," and that "these cannot be gen-erally diffused through a community but by the institution of the public worship of God, and of public instruction in piety, religion and morality." Speaking for myself as a man and as a par-ent, whose observation and experience has not been wholly limited "in seeing and hearing these things," I must insist that the Christian Sabbath shall be maintained. It has stood the shock and trial of the ages; the-  sins of the world and the ravings of devils against it from the beginning of time to this day, have not shaken it ; and it must be preserved as the great and holy landmark around which centers 