SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 253 politics." His remarks were listened to with intense eagerness, and he was several times compelled to desist because of the applause, notably when he announced that the people whom he represented, and the plea which he made, were farthest away from any sympathy with saloons and Sunday rioting, or any other form of evil, and that his plea for the repeal of the ancient law was in favor of a better state of things by doing away with com-pulsory idleness. The deep interest which was awakened in the general question concerning Sunday was shown when the speaker made reference to the fact that he is the author of a book on Swift Decadence of Sunday," a copy of which would be sent to any member of the legislature who might desire it. At the close of the address he was besieged by scores of men who commended the position taken, and  nearly half a hundred names were sent in from those who desired a copy of the book referred to. Writing as one interested in real, genu-ine Sabbath reform, Dr. Lewis says : Through many experiences in similar hear-ings before State legislatures and the Congress of the United States, on no occasion has the writer addressed so many people, nor wit-nessed such deep enthusiasm and thoughtful-ness in connection with the presentation of the high religious views tquching Sabbath reform for which the Seventh-day Baptists have always stood. Each year's experience and observation strengthens the conviction in the mind of the writer that Sabbath re-form, in the future, must deal more definitely and pointedly with the question of Sunday legislation than it has ever done. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must he a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. c.0 vv It was recently reported from Palmyra,* N. J., that " the Law and Order League has ordered the closing of all places of business, including cigar stores and bar-ber shops, on Sundays." O Enos Roby and Charles Levesque, citi-zens of Taunton, Mass., were arrested by a deputy sheriff near that place on March 22, " the charge being fishing on Sun-day." They were to have a hearing be-fore Judge Fox at Taunton the next day. O On April 6 the New York Methodist Episcopal Conference, in session in New York City, adopted a resolution con-demning the effort with which District Attorney Jerome has been identified for " bringing about an act legalizing the sale of liquors on the Lord's day." O " The game wardens are determined to break up Sabbath gaming in Somerset County," reported the Plainfield (N. J.)  Courier-News of March 24. On the Sunday preceding three Italians had been " caught hunting rabbits " in the country near Bernardsville, and had been fined $20 and costs each. O The manager of the Bowling Green, Ohio, baseball club having refused to accede to the request of the ministerial association of the place " to refrain from Sunday exhibitions this season," a meet-ing of the clergymen of the entire county, sixty in number, was called for March 26 " to formulate plans for preventing the playing of Sunday baseball this sea-son." " A positive stand " was to be taken " to invoke the law against Sunday baseball." The barbers of North Dakota have been successful in their effort to obtain the enactment of a Sunday-closing law. The bill was signed by Governor White late in March, " the emergency clause 