THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 519 AN UNNATURAL SPIRIT MOVING THE WORLD. THE occurrence of a race riot in the staid metrop-olis of the United States, in this time of domestic peace, is startling and significant. Yet it is not greatly surprising in view of the general character of the times upon which we have fallen. It is not out of harmony with the spirit of agitation, strife, and war that is so generally prevalent throughout the world. There is usually some sort of reason that may be cited as accounting for if not excusing tragedies of this kind. In New Orleans a race riot is the natural outcome of conditions that have long prevailed throughout the South. But what reason can be al-leged for a race riot of serious magnitude in New York City? Verily he is blind or asleep who has not discovered that "the times are out of joint"Šthat a spirit is tak-ing possession of the hearts of men which proceeds without reason or sober thought, and is leading them to act like men without mental equipoiseŠa spirit which intoxicates men with a thirst for blood. Not merely the low element of the population is thus af-fected, but men of respectability, who would never be thought of as participants in a street riot. ,Such per-sons were noticed as leading in the New York riot, and even the uniformed officials of the city whose special duty is to preserve the peace, seemed rather to join with the rioters than to make a stand against them. The spirit which inspires such actions is an unnatural one; it is against reason, against peace, against law and civilization. And it is not confined to one locality. The whole world seems to have become intoxicated with it. From a bird's eye view of all lands, could one be taken, the impression might be gained that the world had become an arena of general strife and commo- tion. This condition of things is not noted alone by the Bible student who believes that we have reached the stormy scenes of earth's last days ; it is remarked by thoughtful people everywhere. "What in the world is the matter with the world?" was the recent exclamation of a secular journal. There is some-thing the matter, surely. It is not a time of security for any one. Like the subterranean forces generated in the bowels of the earth, the spirit that is moving the world from be-neath is active under the surface everywhere, and no one can tell where the earthquake may break forth. It is possible only to guard against this spirit in one's  own heart. If our own spirit is an opposite spirit to this, we' shall not be gathered in with the forces that fill the earth with war and tumult. Armageddon is ahea,d. There is a spirit to go forth in the earth to gather the nations to battleŠto a scene of final strife and slaughter. Are not all things ready for such a gatheringŠare not men ready everywhere to fall in with such a movement? Is this spirit not already beginning its fateful work? s. fr 4-4 THE BOXERS OUTDONE. THE damnable doings of the New Orleans mob, which are enough to shut the mouth of every Ameri-can citizen against the Chinese Boxers, found a fitting climax in the burning of the Lafon.  school build-ing and the fine negro residences round about. This building was as handsome as any white school build-ing in the city. It was named after Thomy Lafon, a negro, who accumulated a fortune of some $600-00o and left it all to charity, part going to the build-ing of this school, part to a charity hospital and part to two homes for aged people, One for the col-ored race and one for the white; andŁ simply because the school building was devoted to the education of colored people, this hellish white smob fired it! Talk about the devilish Chinese Boxers! It is said that as the flames enveloped the- building, placing it beyond hope of saving, an aged colored preacher in the crowd raised his hands aloft and cried, " God has indeed deserted us," and, turning, he ran- away as fast as he could go in the energy of his despair. The shame and the damnation of it are upon the whole American people.ŠSpringfield (Mass.) Republican. THE man who shot King Humbert, of Italy, is re-ported to have said, "I did not shoot Humbert; I killed the King." But this is just what he did not do. The instant Humbert was dead another became King by the law of succession. Humbert died but the King lived. And Bressi's foolish and wicked act only riveted the fetters of monarchy the more firmly upon the wrists of Italy. Assassination may possibly "temper despo-tism," but it never made any people free. A Brutus may kill a Caesar, but an Antony stands ready to take his place. THE true Christian never mistakes the voice of Caesar for that of the Good Shepherd. 