542 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY says that " Minnesota clerks are becoming more and more interested in the new Sunday-closing law." It says that " there are many towns which would be bene-fited by its strict enforcement," and that " the clerks are the people to take the initiative." The way to proceed in the matter, it says, " is to get a part of the merchants to agree to close, and if the rest refuse to get into line, petition the county attorney to apply the law." The law is not so satisfactory to the people generally and to the dealers in the smaller places as it is to the clerks' and grocers' associations of the cities, for whom it was enacted. It was recently reported that " protests against the new Sunday-closing law are coming in from every section of the State, particularly from the smaller towns." The part that is especially obnoxious is the prohibition of the selling of meats. It is the practise in smaller places to open the meat shops for an hour or two Sunday morning. Few of the citizens have ice boxes, and those who have not cannot keep meat over Sunday in the hot weather. So far the law has been disregarded, but there have been many ques-tions about its enforcement. The bill was in-troduced at the instance of the State Federa-tion of Labor, and with particular reference to retail clerks, and the members from outside the large cities did not seem to realize that it would be obnoxious to their constituents. In effect, the law forbids the sale of any com-modities on Sunday except such necessaries as tobacco, fruits, confectionery, newspapers, drugs, medicines and surgical appliances. The prohibiting of the sale of bread also causes a great deal of opposition, as many confectionery stores and bakeries do a large business in that commodity on Sunday. In the cities the grocers are practically a unit for the law's enforcement. At the June meeting of the St. Paul, Minn., retail grocers' association " a com-mittee of four was appointed to co-operate with the law officers of the city and county for the enforcement of the new Sunday-closing law which went into  effect on April 21 last." This committee " secured a conference with Corporation Attorney Michael, and found that officer in sympathy with the purpose to enforce the law, and ready to give the committee any assistance required through his de-partment of the municipal government." He " assigned his assistant, Amel Helmes, to take charge of the cases which it might be desired to prosecute." Following this " letters were sent to the storekeepers calling their attention to the law and stating the intention to bring suits to en-force it." The result of this " joint action of the association and the corporation at-torney's office " was that in a short time it could be said that " there is only one store in the city that has not complied with the act." The next move was by the retail grocery clerks' association, which through a representative on July 15 secured a warrant for the arrest of this one grocer, P. G. Hoffman, " charging him with violating the State law against keeping open grocery stores on Sunday." Two representatives of the clerks' asso-ciation had gone to the store on Sunday and " purchased a can of gasoline and a bunch of radishes." After one or two postponements the hearing of the case took place on August 6. " Hoffman pleaded guilty to keeping open on Sun-day, and sentence was suspended for one month." One of the complainants " ad-mitted on the stand that he was employed by J. W. Lanahan's grocery, and was sent to Hof fman's store to make the pur- chase." A member of the clerks' union thinks " the prosecution of Hoffman will scare the others who might open, so that they will remain closed." The grocers' association " means business, and efforts will not be relaxed to discover those who may think they can defy the law." The church people of Englewood, Ill., are again, as some ten years ago, attempt-ing to compel a theater to observe the 