PUBLISHERS' PAGE 63: feeilfineil OF ChWELSTIMI 11.022:277 See for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States devoted to the exposition and defense of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of Church and State. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation: it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY,' Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matterat the New York Post-office. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. Ł We believe in temperance,and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right m any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be ourduty,and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERI-15 OF SUBSCRIPTION. Single copy, per  monthsx s;ear " " three months  To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year.. CLUBBING RATE. per copy. s or more copies to one address, one year  Ł70 Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL or CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Order, or b' Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacifle Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th Street, New York City.- THAT our change from a monthly to a weekly magazine is considered a move in the right direction is daily attested to by letters received from our patrons and friends. The following letter shows how one friend regards the change. She says : " Find enclosed two dol-lars for which please send THE SENTINEL and The Signs of the Times as offered in THE SENTINEL of January eighth. I have not cared for THE SENTINEL as a monthly as I could not find readers in this place. I welcome it as a weekly, and shall read it, and hope to find others who will read it also." ed SEVERAL readers have written asking for suggestions with a view to holding Religious Liberty Conventions, for the purpose of pro-moting true religious liberty principles. We shall be pleased to do what we can to further this work, and would be glad to hear from others who are interested in such conventions, or who would like to see one held in their lo-cality. 41,  ALMOST every day some one writes asking for sample copies which they 'wish to use as an aid to obtaining new subscriptions and working up clubs of THE SENTINEL, We have plenty of copies to spare for this purpose. We would be glad if every reader of THE SEN-TINEL would enter upon a crusade to obtain new subscriptions. Handollyealtar, Banjo and Zither Playern Send ten cents silver tor a sample copy of THE CADENZA, Monthly music Magazine. Each issue contains new music worth 50 cents alone. Nand to day. C. L. YARTEIC MC810 Co., 5 E. 14th St., N. Y. City. CHOICE SELECTED WINTER APPLES of all the leading sorts and best keepers fur-nished by the barrel or in car lots. Write for prices. F. E. GILBERT, Erie, Pa. $1.00 .5o .25  1.25 VIOLIN 