7The igeozoeil Or afallETKIV 111 oze la( VOL. XVIII NEW YORK, THURSDAY, MAY 14, 1903 N o. 20     The world needs personal, not political, religion. If " Christianity is a part of the com-mon law," then all who are not Christians are outlaws. Ł Individual, personal Christianity is the only Christianity that is genuine ; " na- tional Christianity " is a fraud. Ł To compel people to refrain from labor on a certain day out of regard for its religious character is to constrain and coerce them in a matter of religion. Ł A profession of religion is not good for a government, for it is certain to be a hypocritical profession. And the hypoc-risy will be greatest when it professes Christianity, for. Christianity is the relig-ion most opposed to political religion. Ł The government which forms an alli-ance with the Papacy in order to use her power in furtherance of its own will find before it gets through that whatever it may gain it is not the winner in the game. It will be used much more than it uses. Ł The Founder of Christianity debarred no class of persons from his kingdom, but invited all to come unto him and gave the assurance that he would in no wise cast out any who did. He withheld not himself nor his blessings from the  poor, the blind, the, diseased, the insane, the sinful, nor even the criminal. A " Christian nation " pursues a different course. See the article headed " Chris-tianity versus National Profession." Ł The way in which the courts have argued that Sunday legislation is valid under constitutions guaranteeing equal rights of conscience and prohibiting religious legislation indicates that the conclusion was reached first and the rea-soning and arguments in support of it adduced afterwards. The reasoning by which one judge has supported this con-clusion has often been " radically differ-ent in principle and in application " from that of another. Ł It takes a people and a government actuated and controlled by the religion of Christ t.) make a Christian nation. No such pt ople and government have yet appeared in the world nor are likely to appear until the time when the gates shall be opened " that the righteous nation which keepeth the truth may enter in." In that day the " strong.  city " will not be secure by virtue of arsenals and forti-fications, for "salvation will God appoint for walls and bulwarks." Ł If the fact that the motive of the law= makers in enacting a statute was " to prohibit the profanation of a day regarded by them as sacred " does not vitally affect 