182 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY arrests are made I will immediately dis-charge the prisoners." And the magis-trate at once made good his words by discharging a clerk who had been arrest-ed for selling a veil to a woman, a black-smith who had been arrested for working in his shop, and a man who had been arrested for selling bread in a push-cart. Magistrate Crane declared that he would give no countenance to such "foolish ar-rests," and told the officers that if they were dissatisfied with his ruling they could go to Mayor Low with the matter. The New York Bakers' Review is of the opinion that "there is no good reason why bakers should not enjoy recreation or a rest on Sunday," and intimates that legislation "stopping the baking, selling and peddling of bread on Sunday," should be secured by bakers. It calls attention to a series of resolutions unan-imously adopted at a recent meeting of the New York Retail Bakers' Associa-tion, in which are "succinctly stated the benefits which accrue from the suspen-sion of the baking of bread between the hours of six P. M. Saturday and six P. M. Sunday." "The subject of Sunday closing," says the Review, "is a question that might well be discussed at the meet-ings of the journeymen bakers' organiza-tions, and they may rest assured they will have the earnest support of the master bakers." The law "protecting" the first day of the week from "desecration" lends itself more readily to the purposes of private spleen than perhaps any other law upon the statute books. J. R. Cincerney, a brakeman, who for some cause or other was discharged several weeks ago by the Pennsylvania Railroad, sought revenge for several consecutive Sundays by caus-ing wholesale arrests of crews and train- men, his former fellow-workmen, in the company's local yards at New Castle, Pa. Charges were preferred against some twenty-five persons in all, some of whom were fined, but the greater num-ber of the cases were dismissed. The News, of that place, says that Cincerney, while in the employ of the railroad, worked on Sundays as often as did the other men, and that his zeal against the "desecration" of the day was not mani-fested until after his discharge. At the annual convention of the Benchmen's Association of Retail Butchers of New York, on January II, several speeches were made to the effect that strong efforts would be made in the New York legislature this winter to se-cure the repeal of the Sunday-closing law relating to butcher shops. It was voted to send former Assemblyman O'Connell to Albany at the expense of the association to oppose all attempts to repeal the existing law. A preamble and a resolution were also addressed to Gov-ernor Odell requesting him to veto any such measure that might come before him for action, and declaring that if such a repeal was secured "forty thousand men employed in the various meat in-dustries of the State would be deprived of the opportunity to observe the day of rest." Nothing was said of the thou-sands of people who are now deprived of their rightful liberty on Sunday by the law as it stands. The saloon-keepers of Mt. Vernon, Ohio, have commenced a vigorous cru-sade against all manner of Sunday labor and business, and the Galion (Ohio) Leader reports that "from present indi-cations Mt. Vernon will in the future be one of the strictest Sunday towns in the State." It seems that the saloon-keep- 