YThe Lando's§ OF CROSTINI LIZEIRlir A weekly publication devoted to the maintenance and defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore opposed to any violation or compromise of the principle of separa- tion of church and state. Non-sectarian and non-partisan in the application of principles. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Published by REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN., 222 N. Capitol St., Washington, 13. C. To whom all communications of a business nature should be addressed. PUBLISHERS' ANNOUNCEMENT After giving the matter careful con-sideration, and taking counsel with rep-resentative brethren, the publishers of The Sentinel have decided to suspend the publication of-  the paper with this issue. It is proper that a statement siOiild be made giving the reasons for this action. They will be found in the following facts : 1. For causes which it is not neces-sary to enumerate, the subscription list has been gradually falling off for sev-eral years, until the present circulation is so small that the paper is not meeting the purpose for which it was estab-lished. 2. A very large part of the subscrib-ers are now members of our own de-nomination who can be reached through our other periodicals. 3. The publishers do not feel war-ranted in incurring the heavy loss which is now sustained by the publi-cation of the paper when the 'instruc-tion can be given to a large majority of its readers through other channels. 4. The effort necessary to increase the subscription list so that the paper would be self-supporting, would, it is  believed, yield larger returns if ex-pended in behalf of our other publica-tions. 5. The publication of the paper can readily be resumed, if a change of cir-cumstances should render it advisable. More attention will hereafter be given in the Review and Herald and the-Signs of the Times to those subjects which have been presented in the col-umns of The Sentinel, and the publish-ers of the Signs will consider the ad-visability of issuing occasional special numbers devoted to these questions as occasion may demand. The subscribers to The Sentinel are hereby given their choice of either of the following ways of securing what is-due them on unexpired subscriptions : (a) the amount due may be applied on a subscription, new or old, to the Re-view and Herald; (b) the amount due may be applied on a subscription, new or old, to the Signs of the Times; (c) the amount due will be allowed in pay-ment for any of our denominational books, or for any Bible advertised by our circulation department; (d) any subscribers who are not willing to apply the amount due them in either of these ways will be paid in cash. It seems to the publishers that this basis-of settlement with subscribers will re-move any just ground for complaint. A statement will be sent to each sub-scriber indicating the date to which his subscription is paid, and a blank form will be supplied on which each one can state his choice,  as to the method of . settling the indebtedness. The publishers desire to express their appreciation of the co-operation of those who have aided them in the past either by contributions or by extending the circulation of the paper. REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISH-ING ASSOCIATION. 