774 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY government in this county to confine white and colored prisoners in the same cell at the jail?" and Jailor Thompson indignantly denied "that Tom Hege was put in a cell with a negro," and declared that "when he took charge of the jail he found that whites and col-ored had been allowed to stay in the same apartments, but that this custom was promptly changed and was never broken during his administration." "Owing to his familiar and ungodly conversation with the colored people there," and to the dimness of the light in the cell, Mr. Hege supposed, until informed otherwise by the jailor, that his fellow-prisoner was a negro, and so stated when interviewed by a reporter. Later, in response to requests that he do so, he acknowledged his mistake in a card to the press. But of course it makes no difference with the real question what was the color of the person with whom he was confined; in this case the character of the association certainly could not have been much worse if the man had been black instead of white. To put a man in jail for selling tomatoes and then to make a to-do about his being locked up with a negro is to swallow a camel and to strain at a gnat. A feature of each issue of the Union Republican is "Justice's Letter" of comment upon and discussion of topics of current local interest. In the issue of November 26 the writer of this "letter" had this to say first : You know I sometimes wonder why men, even if they do try to fool other people, try to fool themselves. We have had two cases in print in this State in the last few days, one right here amongst us in the case of Tom Hege, and the other at Durham in the case of Prof. Bassett. In the last thirty or forty days the Charlotte Observer and the Virginia Pilot have been boasting about the freedom of thought and action now in the South; yet right here  in Winston we have seen a man ar-rested, tried, fined, put in jail with the filthiest kind of prisoners, so filthy that he thought some of them were ne-groes, and finally sentenced to the public roads, just as a common thief, for no other cause than worshiping God as he honestly 'believed he should. Sec. 26 of the first article of the con-stitution of North Carolina says: " Sec. 26. All men have a natural and unalienable right to worship Al-mighty God according to the dictates of their own consciences, and no human authority should, in any case whatever, control or interfere with the rights of conscience." Tom Hege believes the seventh day of the week, which is our Saturday, is the original Sabbath ordained by God as the day of rest, the day upon which He rested and therefore hallowed as such. Acting upon this belief Tom rests on that day ; he will visit the sick, he will carry his Bible with him, he will read every consoling passage of Scrip-ture that he can find, he will pray with them, and when he leaves he leaves his blessing with them and does not expect and will not receive pay for his prayers. A., No man who knows Tom doubts his', sincerity, and in my judgment the fear of death disturbs no man in this com-munity less than it does Tom Hege. But many sayŠsome have said it to meŠ. we do not object to Tom's worshiping on Saturday. So far so good, but Tom believes that the command, "Six days shalt thou labor," is just as binding upon him as "the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God ; in it thou shalt not do any woill." Then when Tom, having rested and worshiped on the seventh day as the commandment says he shall, undertakes to work the other six, as the -same command says, also, he should, he is arrested and sen-tenced to work in the chain-gang, clothed in stripes, under the guns of the guards, on the public roads of this county ; and yet our people talk about free speech and free action in this State. We Gentiles have been cursing the Jews for nearly two thousand years for killing Christ, and we are at it yet, even while we are putting men in Ł 