EDITORIAL  5 I I The revelations of great corruption in the municipal government of St. Louis, made by a grand jury a short time ago, have been rendered almost insignificant by the report of a more recent jury, which declares that "in no place in the world and in no time known to history has so much official corruption been un-covered," and that what it has discov-ered is "so appalling as to be almost be-yond belief." If there can be a condition of public affairs worse than that set forth by this grand jury it is hardly possible to find stronger language with which to describe it than has been employed in this instance. But it is not to be supposed that the matter has been exaggerated. And St. Louis is not so very different from the other great cities of the country in this respect. A "remarkable achievement" is what the New York Times sees in the fact that the United States can "send a com-mission to Rome to consult about the purchase of property from religious or-ders and the removal of the members of those orders from the exercise of their religious functions within the jurisdic-tion of the United States," and that such a commission can "be received at the Vatican with cordiality," and can "ac-complish its ends with practically no op-position." The person who would have predicted this even twenty years ago, "would have been regarded as a little crazy." And it is all "the logical out-growth of the fundamental policy of our Government,  as to the complete separa-tion of the affairs of the church and the state." The end of this matter is not yet in sight, and it may be that there is a more "remarkable achievement" in it than that noted by the Times. "If we could say one word to Congress, while deciding as to the bill for the civil  government of the Philippines," says The Independent, "it would be that if there is any doubt as to the degree of self-government for which the people are prepared, it be decided in favor of self-rule, rather than government by us. We want to allow the most generous confi-dence and risk the consequences." How generous and noble it is in The Independ-ent to be willing to speak "one word" in favor of self-rule "rather than govern-ment by us," especially when, if that word is acted upon, there will be such a tremendous risk of such awful conse-quences ! The Independent does not care to say so, but it virtually admits that there is a disposition, even beyond what it cares to indorse, on the part of those having the matter in charge, to decide all doubts in this matter in favor of "gov-ernment by us" rather than in favor of self-rule by the Filipinos. We are glad to be able to present to our readers in this issue some words con-cerning the efforts now being made at the national capital in behalf of the evil cause of Sunday legislation, from Gen. Wm. Birney, a true and ardent friend of fundamental American principles. Al-though Gen. Birney has passed his eighty-third birthday, he still pursues his profession as a lawyer, and when occa-sion requires is ready, in addition to the duties that ordinarily devolve upon him, to take active part in opposition to the efforts of the advocates of religious legis-lation before Congress. He spoke against the Sunday bills now pending at the hearing before the District Commission-ers on May 27, and in connection with his remarks read a mock Sunday-rest bill which effectively exhibits the absurdity of many features of the average Sunday law. This bill we should have been glad to have published in this issue, but will be obliged to leave it until next month. 