EDITORIAL 19 Catholic organization and oppose the in-dependent movement that is being led by Aglipay. This is, of course, a thor-oughly consistent Roman Catholic atti-tude, but, although it was reported a while back that "the independent church movement is being watched closely in government and political circles," and that the authorities had in some instances compelled the dissenters to vacate churches which they had taken posses-sion of, we are glad to say that the gov-ernment seems to hold a different atti-tude in the matter. The "schismatics," as they are styled by the Romanists, have very naturally held on to all the church property they could. The Roman Cath-olic authorities appealed to Governor Taft "to dispossess the schismatics" and to restore the property to "the Church," but he refused to take action, holding that "the question was one for adjust-ment by the civil courts." Appeal was then made to Washington, and Secretary of War Root has just sustained Governor Taft's decision in the matter. This, it is said, "practically throws into the hands of the civil courts in the Philippines for decision the controversy between the two elements in the Catholic Church in the is-lands." Of course the civil courts can properly have nothing to do with decid-ing the controversy between these two elements, further than to decide as to where the ownership of the property in question rests. But will they be able to avoid improper entanglements in this new phase of the Philippine religious ques-tion, which has already caused the authorities to do some very strange things? The entangling nature of the matter not lessened any by the fact that the property in controversy is part of that "to which title must be passed to the United States if the negotiations now in progress between Governor Taft and Monsignor Guidi succeed." It is not likely that the claims of the "schismatics"  will be given much attention in these negotiations. It is said that the majority of the native priests in the Philippines sympathize with the "national church" movement, and, of course, it must follow that the majority of the native church people favor it. And it would seem that the moral, if not the legal, right of these native priests and church people to the church property, or to so much of it as they have possession of or were in pos-session of before this independent move-ment began, is very much greater than any that can be claimed by the represent-atives of the Pope, most of whom are foreigners. Ł  "Whom the gods would destroy they first make mad," is the old proverb of which we are reminded by the charge made from time to time by Sunday-en-forcement advocates that seventh-day ob-servers are enemies of religion and of law and order, are the allies of "infidels, atheists, anarchists, and the lawless." It is possible for spite to overreach itself, and it is evident that when clerical ad-vocates of Sunday enforcement so far al-low prejudice and passion to dominate their reasoning and moral faculties that they will unblushingly seek to brand as atheists and anarchists a class of people who are among the most devoutly relig-ious and most conscientiously peaceful and orderly to be found in the country, they are seriously afflicted with that suicidal distemper which the ancients at-tributed to the malevolence of the gods. Seventh-day Christians are not likely to be injured much by such charges, but such can hardly be said for those who make these charges. Those who descend to such methods are not serving their cause very well, we can assure them, for if they want to make sure of securing for it and themselves the contempt of sen-sible, fair-minded people they cannot do better than to continue the use of such 