EDITORIAL 69 some error or quibble they restore to office and liberty men convicted on evidence over-whelmingly convincing to common sense. The churches? We know of one, an ancient and wealthy establishment, which had to be com-pelled by a Tammany hold-over health officer to put its tenements in sanitary condition. The colleges? They do not understand. There is no one left; none but all of us. Capital is learning (with indignation at labor's unlawful acts) that its rival's contempt of law is a menace to property. Labor has shrieked the belief that the illegal power of capital is a menace to the worker. These two are drawing together. Last November when a strike was threatened by the yard men on all the rail-roads centering in Chicago, the men got to-gether and settled by raising wages, and rais-ing freight rates, too. They made the public pay. We all are doing our worst, and making the public pay. The public is the people. We forget that we all are the people; that while each of us in his group can shove off on the rest the bill of to-day, the debt is only post-poned; the rest are pressing it back on us. We have to pay in the end, every one of us. AND IN THE END THE SUM TOTAL OF THE DEBT WILL BE OUR LIBERTY. This is certainly something that should set people to thinking, and not only to thinking but to doing. And let it never be forgotten, as emphasized in the ar-ticles to which we referred at the begin-ning of this article, that individual self-government is the only remedy, and that the power of individual self-government is the power revealed in the gospel of Christianity. " That gospel, preached to the individual, persuading the individual, accepted by the individual, converting the individual, restoring the integrity of the individual, planting in the individual the divine principle and power by which he can completely govern himselfŠthat gospel, thus preached in the divine in-tegrity of the very power of God, is even now the only hope of the individual, and through that the only preservative of the state, as pertains to the original, funda-mental, and characteristic American and Christian principle, but now only the abiding Christian principle, of self-gov- ernment." Professor Adler said " many reformers are trying to mend matters by tinkering with the machinery of the state," and he well declared : " This will not do. There must be a change in the spirit of the people, an inner, spiritual change." As to the Origin of Civil Government A WRITER in the Lutheran Witness, in setting forth the "distinctive doctrines of the Evangelical Lutheran Church," says that "our church rejects the teachings of those who deny that the civil government is God's institution and claim that it was arbitrarily introduced by Nimrod." He says that "together with the holy estate of wedlock God at the same time institu-ted government," holding that the cir-cumstances of the creation of the first human pair and the divinely established relation of the one to the other "show that the man was intended to be the head and governor of the family," and that therefore "this order that some govern and others obey was made at the creation, and some kind of civil government would have been in the world even if sin had not entered." This writer fails to distinguish between the principle or genius of order and gov-ernment and the institution which that principle in human beings, because of cer-tain conditions, has produced. The fact that the principle of order and of govern-ment was exhibited in and at the crea-tion of the first human pair, and that it was designed to control them in their sin-less state, is no evidence that "some kind of civil government would have been in the world even if sin had not entered," nor that civil government was not intro-duced by Nimrod. The principle of or-der and of government is divine, for God is a God of order and of law ; but civil government is human ; it was not divinely 