LINCOLN ON THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE 541 that will govern them : first, by the many; next, by a few; and last, by one. The only way of escape, the only hope for the people of the United States, is in the faith  of Jesus Christ, which brings to the in-dividual believer in Jesus, righteousness and self-government, in view of judg-ment to come. Abral?am Lincoln on Ely Declaration of Independence [It can never be inappropriate so long as the love of freedom endures among men to present the words of Abraham Lincoln concerning the American Declaration of Independence and the immortal principles embodied therein. But this is not only appropriate in the United States to-day, but is in the highest degree necessary and important, for the crisis which now calls for such words is scarcely second to that which gave them birth. While all of these utterances are important and it is impossible to give to many of them the emphasis they de-serve, we have taken the liberty to place in italics some portions that should now be given special emphasis.ÑEnrroR1 At Alton, Ill., October 15, 1858. AT Galesburg the other day I said, in answer to Judge Douglas, that three years ago there never had been a man, so far as I knew or believed, in the whole world who had said that the Declaration of Inde-pendence did not include negroes in the term "all men." I reassert it to-day. I assert that Judge Douglas and all his friends may search the whole records of the country, and it will be a matter of great astonishment to me if they shall be able to find that one human being three years ago had ever uttered the astound-ing sentiment that the term "all men" in the Declaration did not include the negro. Do not let me be misunderstood. I know that more than three years ago there were men, who, finding this asser-tion constantly in the way of their schemes to bring about the ascendency and perpetuation of slavery, denied the truth of it. I 1-now that Mr. Calhoun and all the politicians of his school denied the truth of the Declaration. I know that it ran along in the mouth of some Southern  men for a period of years, ending at last in that shameful, though rather forcible, declaration of Pettit, of Indiana, upon the floor of the United States Senate that the Declaration of Independence was in that respect a "self-evident lie," rather than a self-evident truth. At Peoria, Ill., October 16, 1854. If this [Pettit's declaration] had been said among Marion's men, Southerners though they were, what would have be-come of the man who said it? If this had been said to the men who captured Andre, the man who said it would prob-ably have been hung sooner than Andre was. If it had been said in old Inde-pendence Hall, seventy-eight years ago, the very door-keeper would have throt-tled the man and thrust him into the street. The spread of slavery, I cannot but hate. I hate it because of the monstrous injustice of slavery itself. I hate it be-cause it deprives our republican example of its just influence in the world; enables the enemies of free institutions to taunt us as hypocrites; causes the real friends 