NOTE AND COMMENT 191 without the mind naturally engages itself in the effort of righting them or aveng-ing them, but when they are self-inflict-ed, and are within the soul itself, then it is that the mind in its helplessness and hopelessness turns to suicide. This in-crease of suicides indicates an increased spread of soul-disease, a greater intense-ness of the reign of sin; and outward conditions are responsible for this ap-palling record of suicides only to the ex-tent that they are responsible for the spread of moral wrongŠfor the in-creased power of sin over the lives of men. That gospel which saves men from their sins is what,society needs to-day, and this appalling record of sui-cides is the tragic appeal of society for the proclamation by word and deed of that gospel by which men may be filled with "all joy and peace in believing," and may "abound in hope through the power of the Holy Ghost." The editor of the Chicago Israelite may not have the endorsement of the people who stand for Sunday enforce-ment in the stand taken by him in the following, but his attitude in the matter will certainly commend itself to those who have the well-being of their fellow-men at heart: "I happened to be passing the Polk street school, corner of Harrison and Dearborn streets, last Sunday morning, and noticed a crowd of little boys stand-ing in front of the play-ground which adjoins it. The entire plot is not more than a few hundred feet in dimensions, and it is fitted up with a few common gymnastic appliances, the whole being surrounded with a high wire fence. I was surprised to be informed when I questioned the boys that the place is kept locked on Sundays, and no one is  admitted. Inasmuch as the Polk street school is attended altogether by the poorest classes, and as a large majority of these are Jewish children, it seems to me that Chicago's pious city fathers might strain a point and permit the place to be kept open on Sunday. There is no one in the vicinity whose piety would be violently fractured by such a violation of the day. In fact, on Sun-day, when business men do not pass the locality, its denizens, as a rule, would be affected by the sight of children yet un-tainted by vice, pretty much as is a dweller of the slums by a first experience in the country. I .hear there is another but larger playground in the heart of the ghetto district which is also closed on Sunday. It was truly pathetic to note the longing looks of the boys I have mentioned as they gazed yearningly into the forbidden ground. The utter non-sense of barring them out on the very day, and probably the only one in many instances, when they have a chance to make use of the place, is sufficient to stamp those responsible for it as hope-less imbeciles." Dr. C. H. Parkhurst of this city is decidedly of the opinion that "there are only two things that can be self-respect-ingly done with an existing statute, either rub it out or 'rub it in.' He is in favor of "rubbing out" the law which declares that "it shall not be lawful for any corporation, association, co-partnership, or person, to sell, offer or,  expose for sale, or give away, any liquor on Sunday," but until this is done he is emphatically in favor of "rubbing it in." The new adniinistration in New York City does not take this view of the mat-ter, but proceeds somewhat in accord with this declaration made by Dr. Park- 