THE JANUARY SENTINEL. 57 shall acknowledge the Lord Jesus Christ as its Ruler" by "suitable Christian ac-knowledgements in State and national constitutions." These men, however honest they may be, are proclaiming as Christian principles doctrines that are not Christian at all, and it is of the greatest importance that the true Chris-tian ideal with regard to civil govern-ment should be set forth, as is done in the article mentioned above. Other Valuable Features. The conference referred to above was held November 19-21, and was the an-nual convention of the National Reform Association. We hope to have in the January issue something regarding this convention. There will also be a review of a recent article by Senator Hoar, of Massachusetts, on "The Civic Basis of Sunday Laws." There will also appear in the January number a very interesting article by M. E. Kellogg, entitled, "PersecutionŠPast and Prospective." Other good articles which cannot be announced at this time will also appear in the general depart-ment. The notes and shorter articles of the Editorial Department will thoroughly cover the month's events in the field  which The Sentinel is set to survey, and will apply to these current happenings the principles by which they should be judged. The "Sunday Enforcement" depart-ment will be more complete than it is in this issue, and in it we will try to chronicle every case of Sunday enforce-ment, and every agitation with that end in view, that takes place during the month. The "Note and Comment" de-partment will also be prepared with more care in the next number. What Can You Do for The Sentinel? Now we want every number during 19oz to have a wide circulation, and a good beginning should be made with the very first number of the year. What can you do? How many new yearly subscriptions can you send us to begin with the January Sentinel? Every person who sends us before the 1st of January the names of five new yearly subscribers will receive the magazine free for the entire year! Let us hear from you. Sample copies of this number mailed free to all who will work for subscrip-tions, and to all who desire to become acquainted with The Sentinel. Address the publishers. trtii. The last issue of THE SENTINEL as a weekly was published in Chicago on October 31st. The transfer of the office of pub- lication to New York, and the extra work necessary in getting out the first number in the new form, has made it impossible to mail this number before the 25th of November. Hence it is dated December in-stead of November. We regret that it was impossible to get out a number for November.. However, all subscriptions will be advanced proportionately, and those who have accepted our offer of the magazine from its first number to the end of 1902 for the price of a year's subscription, will receive the January, 1903, number. PUBLISHERS. 