WHAT "CIVIL SABBATH" LAWS INVOLVE 271 end, and everywhere, demands the abso-lute separation of religion and the state. And it must not be forgotten that the complete separation of religion and the state in those who profess religion, can be maintained only by these persons  themselves being separated from the state. For it is so plain as to be indis-putable that if the professor of religion is himself a part of the state, then in him there is at once a union of religion and the state. What " Civil Sabbatl?" Laws involve By M C. Wilcox I WILL use neither time nor space to consider all that is involved in Sab-bath legislation.Ł But it seems well to lay before the candid readers of this journal, many of whom no doubt have sometimes favored such legislation, a few of the very obvious consequences that flow from it, some of the fruitage of Sabbath-law seed-sowing. We beg thenf to consider these as Christians ; if not, as lovers of liberty, not for themselves, but the other man. The claim is frequently made that all that is desired to be accomplished by Sab-bath legislation is to secure to the work-ingman, and all those who desire it, a day of rest. But, candidly, if the Sabbath were not a religious institution would we have this demand for laws to "protect" it? Has not the demand for such laws invariably sprung from those who regard the day as a holy day? This question can be truthfully answered only in the affirm-ative. The law is desired to sustain or protect a religious institution. If such a law is secured and enforced, here are some of the effects sure to follow : I. A legal Sabbath involves, in a coun-try where there are classes which dis-agree, a decision by the lawmaking or judicial power as to what day is the Sab-bath. This would demand a commis- sion or court to decide the religious ques-tion. This court would,if not claiming in-fallibility, place itself in a position where it must assume to act as infallible, or the law would become a dead letter. Re-ligion would be united with the state. The government would be made the arena for religious controversy and priestly intrigue, and all the sad fruits of the fourth to the eighth centuries of the Christian era would follow ; and in this sad controversy good government would perish, and true religion would hide in desolate places. 2. In the decision rendered by the government, it discriminates against one part of its citizens. It in-volves, unless these classes will compromise on some other day of the week, the adoption by the govern-ment of a religious institution held by only a part of its citizens as sacred. It exalts, honors, and encourages that part of the Christian church and the people of the land which keep the law-adopted day, by establishing a religious tenet held by them ; and correspondingly abases, dis-honors, and humiliates those who may disagree. If, for example, the government should enact a law for the establishment of the seventh day, it would unduly exalt those 