SUNDAY LAWS AND THE RIGHTS OF CONSCIENCE 335 off if they were employed on that day. Idleness begets vice, and there can be nothing but idleness for the man who is not religious and who is forbidden to either work or play. If they cannot work, and are forbidden to engage in out-of-door sports, very many laboring men will play cards, throw dice or en-gage in some other harmful and vicious pastime secretly. And this introduces naturally a seri-ous phase of the Sunday-law question. Take such a statute, for instance, as the Tennessee Sunday law. It exempts no-body. What then shall those parents do who have children whom they wish to train to religiously observe the seventh day of the week in obedience to the Fourth Commandment? The children are taught to reverence that day. They have their reading and other occupations in keeping with the proper observance of the day. But what of the day enjoined by the statute? The law forbids them to  be employed in any sort of labor. They soon tire of such amusements as are af-forded by the ordinary home. The re-sult is that while the younger children can be kept within bounds on Sunday the older ones soon begin to spend that day in roving about the neighborhood. It becomes for them merely a day of idle-ness. It cannot be said, therefore, that Sunday laws leave every man perfectly free to observe another day if he so elects. No man can train his children as he ought and allow them a day of idle-ness each week. The fact is that Sunday statutes are a relic of the days when church and state were united, and when civil rulers as-sumed to regulate not only secular affairs but religious faith and practise as well. They are evil, and only evil continually, and ought to be blotted from our statute books so that the matter of Sabbath-keeping may rest where it belongsŠin the conscience of each individual. What is a minority? The chosen heroes of, the earth have been in a minor-ity. There is not a social, political or re-ligious privilege that you enjoy to-day that was not bought for you by the blood and tears and patient suffering of the minority. It is the minority that have vindicated humanity in every struggle. It is a minority that have stood in the van of every moral conflict, and achieved all that is noble in the history of the world. You will find that each generation has been always busy in gathering up the scattered ashes of the martyred heroes of the past to deposit them in the golden urn of a nation's history. Look at Scotland, where they are erecting monumentsŠto whom? to the  Covenanters. They were in a minority. Read their history, if you can, without the blood tingling to the tips of your fingers. These were in the minority that through blood and tears and bootings and scourgingsŠdyeing the waters with their blood, and staining the heather with their goreŠfought the glorious bat-tle of religious freedom. Minority! If a man stand up for the right, though the right be on the scaf-fold, while the wrong sits in the seat of government ; if he stands for the right though he eat, with the right and truth, a wretched crust ; if he walk with oblo-quy and scorn in the by-lanes and streets, while falsehood and wrong ruffle it in silken attire, let him remember that wherever the right and truth are there 