670  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY did the abbot of Usperg exclaim : "0 Vatican, rejoice now, all treasuries are open to theeÑthou canst draw in with full hands ! Rejoice in the crimes of the children of men, since thy wealth de-pends on their abandonment and iniqui-ty ! Urge on to debauchery, excite to rape, incest, even parricide; for, the greater the crime, the more gold it will bring thee. Rejoice thou! Shout forth songs of gladness ! Now the human race is subjected to thy laws ! Now thou reignest through depravity of morals and the inundation of ignoble thoughts. The children of men can now commit with impunity every crime, since they know that thou wilt absolve them for a little gold. Provided he brings thee gold, let him be soiled with blood and lust ; thou wilt open the kingdom of heaven to de-bauchees, sodomites, assassins, parri-cides. What do I say? Thou wilt sell God himself for gold !"ÑId. TWO POPES AT ONE TIME The emperor Louis of Bavaria was un-der the displeasure of John. The city of Rome was exceedingly jealous of the city of Avignon because Avignon had the glory, the pomp, and the expenditures of the papal court. Rome called upon Pope John to come with his court to Rome. John still remained in Avignon. Rome notified him that if he did not respond to their call, they would receive his en-emy, Louis of Bavaria ; for "a court they would have : if not the pope's, that of the emperor." There was more than this in their threat. For, if the emperor came to Rome to be crowned, being at war with Pope John, and it being essen-tial that he should have a pope to crown him, he could do as many emperors had done beforeÑcreate a popeÑand then they would have both an emperor's and a pope's court. ¥ By ambiguous sen- tences, ¥implying half-promises or not, John replied to the Romans as to his go-ing to Rome with his court ; but as to their receiving the emperor, he sought to dissuade them from joining with the en-emy of the Church. But, since John did not comply with their call, Rome did wel-come the emperor, and fought for him against his opponents in Italy. Sunday, January 17, 1328, the Em-peror Louis was crowned in Rome. May 12 he accomplished by the Roman pop-ulace the election of a certain friar, Peter di Corvara, as pope, who took the name of Nicholas V. (May 12, 1328, to Aug. 24, 1329). A law had already been proclaimed by the emperor "that the pope about to be named, and all future popes," should reside in Rome. The emperor had himself crowned again by the new pope. The new pope immediately created seven cardinals, and thus formed a papal court; and he who had been proclaimed as the repre-sentative of apostolic poverty began, im-mediately to display all the style of a court. His cardinals rode forth "on stately steeds, the gift of the emperor, with servants, even knights and squires ;" they enjoyed splendid and costly ban-quets. And the new pope, like the popes at Avignon, maintained these extrava-gances of his court by the sale of eccle-siastical privileges and benefices, and con-fiscating the wealth, even the lamps, of churches. The contest between the two popes "divided all Christendom. In the remotest parts were wandering friars who denounced the heresy of Pope John," and advocated the cause of the emperor and Pope Nicholas. "In the University of Paris were men of pro-found thought who held the same views, and whom the ruling powers of the university were constrained to tolerate." The whole of Europe seemed about to be divided. Two men were burned in 