SOME SUNDAY-ENFORCEMENT EXPERIENCES IN HAMBURG 609 ing away from the imperialism of the political Old-World systems, from church-and-state governments, from po-litical and class distinctions. Then her influence was uplifting and potent. But now she is turned back from the new or-der of things, which gave the world a new lease of life, to the Old-World meth-ods, to imperialism, to class distinctions, to "court" honors, to religion-and-state union, to autocratic rule. And the Old World, which had been groping toward the clear shining of the light, is now say-ing: "Republics are a failure; America's doctrines of freedom and the equality of man are myths, or, at the best, but im- practical ideas of government." And the whole world, in consequence of Ameri-ca's lapse, is reverting, in a "highly civi-lized" manner, of course, but not the less truly, to the despotism of the Dark Ages. A little further and we will reach the climax, the complete ruin of the Repub-lic, the failure of the best government the world ever saw. But there will succeed to this the everlasting kingdom of Jesus Christ, for the glorious inheritance of which He is now gathering out His sub-jects. There they will be ruled by their own consent, and will serve eternally of their own glad volition. And there liber-tyŠtrue libertyŠwill be forever secure. Some Sunday-Enforcement Experiences in Hamburg By G. D., Hamburg, Germany THE little republic of Hamburg in northwestern Germany, of which the city of Hamburg is the capital and chief city, observes Sunday in the Con-tinental fashion, that is more as a holi-day than as a sacred and divinely insti-tuted Sabbath. Previously to 1892 the stores and places of business in various parts of Germany might be kept open all day Sunday, and, indeed, so well-nigh uni-versal was this custom that the wage-earners employed in stores, factories and other places of business were often asked to labor seven days in the week. To alle-viate this condition of affairs a law, very carefully prescribing just what should and what should not be lawful upon Sun-days and feast-days, went into effect in the year named. In general not more than five hours' work is allowed, works of necessity and charity excepted ; but the  provisions of this law are very minute, as may be gathered from the fact that the mere text is something over 4,000 words in length. In the city of Hamburg is a small pub-lishing house, the owners and operators of which are Christian observers of the Sabbath as plainly commanded in the Holy Scriptures. The police knew that all the employees of this house conscien-tiously kept the seventh day of the week, and, according to the testimony of the police commissioner himself, they recog-nized that there was a great difference between this class of technical law-break-ers and those who attempted to compel their servants and workmen to labor hard every day of the week. But this well-intentioned law, while not ostensibly religious in its nature, yet, like all similar laws, opens to the bigot an avenue through which he may vent 