564  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY be the standard, then there can be no such thing as the rights of conscience. The conscience of a single individual is as sacred as the conscience of a whole com-munity, and it is the duty of the state to protect a single individual in the ex-ercise of his rights, even though it has to exert its whole power to do it. Majority rule in religious things is the cry of the bigot and the persecutor. No one ever asks that the majority shall rule in religion when he thinks the ma-jority are not in harmony with his way of religious thinking. It is only when he stands with the masses, or with those in power, that he talks thus. But strip him of his power, place him with the few, pre-scribe a faith to him which his conscience rejects, threaten him in turn with fine and imprisonment if he does not comply, and see how quickly he will repudiate the principle and demand the right of the freedom to worship according to the dic-tates of his own conscience. This is well illustrated in the contro-versy between Mr. Gladstone and Car-dinal Manning over the Vatican decrees of 1870. When Mr. Gladstone stated that what was required of Roman Catholic subjects in Great Britain was a " solid and undivided allegiance " to the British government, Cardinal Manning replied : I must, confess to some surprise at this demand. The allegiance of every moral being is " divided," that is, two-fold; not, indeed, in the same matter nor on the same plane, but in two spheres, and on a higher and a lower level, so that no collision is possible, except by some deviation or excess. Every moral being is under two authoritiesÑhuman and divine. The child is under the authority of parents and the authority of God; the subject is under the authority of the state and natural and re-vealed religion. Unless we claim infallibility for the state, its acts must be liable to revision, and the resistance by natural conscience. An unlimited obedience to parents or to states would generate a race of unlimited monsters. Surely these are truisms. Our Lord Himself taught this division when He said: " Render therefore to Caesar the things that are Caesar's,  and to God the, things that are God's." But this all men admit when they think.' Yes, all men when they think straight admit this. All, even the most bigoted and intolerant, when they stand with the minority, and are asked to submit their religious views and practises to the dic-tation of a state not in sympathy with them, admit that a man does not owe al-legiance to civil government in religious things ; that there are two separate and distinct spheres, religion and the state, and that Christ has forever separated the two. But who ever heard of a man holding to the theory of church-and-state union making such an argument as the foregoing in a country where his religion was the established religion, or in defense of the rights of the minority in such a country? It is a sad fact that men gener-ally do not recognize this truth except when they are in the minority and their religious rights are being infringed. The Catholic Press, of Sydney, Aus-tralia, for May 4, 1901, said: A man's religion is his first consideration; he honors his God before his king. This likewise recognizes the two realms, and also the fact that a man owes his first allegiance to God. The majority, therefore, have no right to demand by law that he shall follow them, rather than God; in religious matters.  ¥ The same journal for June 22, 1901, said again : What we want is a government to deal with all classes alike, for we are all citizens with equal rights.  ¥ But a government which assumes to dictate to men in religious matters, and to enforce upon all the religious views of the majority, cannot deal with all alike. It must necessarily trample upon the equal rights of the minority. For civil govern-ment to deal with all classes alike, and to recognize the equal rights of all, has never been a cardinal doctrine nor a gen- 1" The Vatican Decrees," P. 33. 4P 