EDITORIAL 309 I States must not leave American territory during his term of office not been al-lowed to stand in the way (as it probably would not have), it is by no means cer-tain that the courtesies between the Presi-dent and the Pope would have been con-fined to exchange of presents and com-munication by letter. At any rate there is no essential difference between the re-lationship established or exhibited and ac-knowledged by the sending of presents and letters and that established or ex-hibited and acknowledged by personal calls and interviews. sŁ In the series of important articles that ended last week it was pointed out and emphasized that the Papacy (the Roman Catholic Church) was rapidly rising to supremacy in this country, and ,that through her supremacy in and over the United States she is to gain, or regain, world supremacy. As much has just been declared by a high Roman Catholic prelate. In an address at the " Holy Name " parish school in Chicago on May 4, Archbishop Quigley, who was recently advanced by the Pope from the " see of Buffalo " to the " see of Chi-cago," said, as reported in the New York Sun: Since I have seen the Western parochial schools I have come to the conclusion that in fifty years, if things go on as I see they are going on at present, the Catholic Church will actually own the West. I have had op-portunity to see a few of the churches and schools in the diocese and I have gained some idea of what a magnificent big Catholic city Chicago is. . . . Within twenty years this country is going to rule the world. Kings and emperors will soon pass away and the democracy of the United States will take their place. The West will dominate the country, and what I have seen of the Western parochial schools has proved that the generation which follows us will be exclusively Catholic. WITEN THE United States rules the world, the Catholic Church will rule the world. . . . The Catholics know that Chicago is  one of the great Catholic centers of the world. In fifty years Chicago will be exclusively Cath-olic. The same may be said of Greater New York and the chain of big cities stretching across the continent to San Francisco. It has never forced itself on meŠthis convictionŠas it has since I have been in Chicago. I am simply overcome by it. When a Roman Catholic archbishop is " overcome " by the rapidity and cer-tainty with which the Papacy is going on to supremacy over the United States and through that to supremacy over the world, it is time other people were awake to the matter, for the supremacy of the Papacy means the overthrow of liberty. Ł The doctrine that " this is a Christian nation " was affirmed and the authority of Chancellor Kent and the United States Supreme Court was cited in support of it by Professor Nicholas Murray Butler, president of Columbia University, at a meeting of the Rockefeller Bible class in the Fifth Avenue Baptist Church in New York on the evening of April 23. Professor Butler was one of three speak-ers on this occasion, the other two being General Chaffee and Mr. Jacob Riis, and he touched upon " the problem of religious education," which he said " we have not yet succeeded in solving." As at the meeting of the National Educa-tional Association last summer he took the stand that the Bible should be read and studied in the public schools. But in this instance he did not confine him-self to the " literary " argument. He thought the Bible should be used as a text-book in the public schools because " this is a Christian nation." He said that the idea that many foreigners had that the United States as a nation was non-religious was wrong, as was shown by many judicial decisions. He said that Chancellor Kent had held that Christian-ity was a part of the common law in this country, and that a man who openly denied that religion was a blasphemer 