EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT so' Hunt," Methodist. He urged them " to arrange to have no milk delivery on Sun-day so that they would have an oppor-tunity to attend church." Church at-tendance by the people is the object of the clergy everywhere in opposing Sunday work and recreation. It is a good object, but it is not one in the attainment of which they have any right to use the law, even negatively. Since they and the law have no right to compel people to attend church, they have no right to compel them not to work and play in order that they may attend. Is there not a principle of law to the effect that what must not be done directly is equally illegal and wrong if accomplished indirectly? The Outlook well says that " sepa-ration of church and state and religious freedom in the state is of the essence of American institutions," and that " the re-actionary spirit, which is not without in-fluence in the Vatican, is hostile " to this that is of the essence of American insti-tutions. And this spirit is not only not without influence in the Vatican, but it is the spirit of the Vatican. Notwith-standing its professions of love for " free America " the Vatican's influence is an influence that is hostile to that which is of the essence of American institutions, and its influence will never cease to be such until it ceases to stand for the prin-ciples for which it stands to-day. This influence of the Vatican that is hostile to that which is of the essence of Ameri-can institutions is becoming stronger and stronger in American affairs. How long will America possess that which is of the essence of American institutions ? It seems that the value of the Philip-pines to the United States, even from the commercial standpoint, lies in the use that can be made of them for fighting pur-poses in that part of the world. At a chamber of commerce banquet last winter  General Young, who is to succeed Lieu-tenant-General Miles, declared that the Philippines were valuable "on account of their strategic position with respect to the trade of Asia," and indicated what he meant by this by saying : "To gain su-premacy in the commerce of the East we must maintain at the islands a military and a naval force that could act quickly and effectively at any point in the Orient. The time will come when we shall have to fight to maintain the supremacy of our commerce." So it will be by fighting in the Orient that the United States will reap the benefit of holding the Philip-pines ! Certainly that is a doubtful ben-efit. In speaking of the " intensified public interest in the selection of the next oc-cupant of the papal chair," Harper's Weekly says " there are many reasons why this interest should be acute, and should be shared . . . by statesmen in European countries and even in the United States." It is stated that " since our acquisition of the Philippines it has become a matter of importance to our Federal government that the papal chair shall be occupied by a Pontiff capable of taking a broad and accommodating view of the question of the friars, which still constitutes the most difficult problem in the archipelago." The fact that the ac-quisition of the Philippines has caused the American government to become con-cerned with the PapacyŠto be brought into " closer touch with the Holy See," as a papal orator expresses itŠis by no means the least of the great evils of that acquisition. Rebecca Harding Davis wonders that " the Catholic Church, which is so ready to use every means to influence popular opinion, and so skillful in using them," did not " devise a way in which the world could have saluted the departing shade" of 