16 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. golden opportunity to learn the way of righteousness and also to preserve her people as well as Joseph's people from famine. From this visitation Egypt be-came more than ever important in the eyes of other nations. When Israel was brought out of Egypt there was another manifestation of special favor. God said to this people : "Ask now of the days that are past, which were before thee, since the day that God created man upon the earth, and ask from the one side of heaven unto the other, whether there hath been any such thing as this great thing is, or hath been heard like it? Did ever people hear the voice of God speaking out of the midst of the fire, as thou hast heard and live? Or hath God assayed to go and take Him a nation from the midst of an-other nation, by temptations, by signs, and by wonders, and by war, and by a mighty hand, and by a stretched out arm, and by great terrors, according to all the Lord your God did for you in Egypt be-fore your eyes? Unto thee it was showed, that thou mightest know that the Lord He is God; there is none else beside Him." Note particularly that God's purpose in favoring a nation is not primarily for the exaltation of the nation itself, but that the people may "know that the Lord He is God." Babylon Chosen Next. In later years when Israel had so apos-tatized as to become "worse than the heathen," the Lord selected another most-favored nation. This time it was Babylon, Through the prophet Jere-miah the Lord sent messengers to va-rious kings, including the king of Jeru-salem, with this proclamation : "Thus saith the Lord of Hosts, the God of Israel : . . . I have made the  earth, the man and beast that are upon the ground, by my great power and by my outstretched arms, and have given it unto whom it seemed meet unto me. And now have I given all these lands into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, my servant; and the beasts of the field have I given him also to serve him. And all nations shall serve him, and his son, and his son's son, until the very time of his land come ; and then many.nations and great kings shall serve themselves of him." Nebuchadnezzar's son's son, Belshaz-zar, refused to honor the Most High God, but blasphemed His name. He was "weighed in the balances, and found wanting," and his kingdom ceased to be the most-favored nation. The Lord had foreseen it all, and so declared by His prophets that another kingdom should be the recipient of His special favor. Medo-Persia succeeded Babylon, and in time Grecia and then Rome became spe-cial agencies of Him who in His provi-dence ruleth in the kingdom of men. The Favored Nation of Modern Times. Ł Nor has the Ruler of the universe de-parted from His well-established polity in modern times. There is yet a most-favored nation, and, as all readers of The Sentinel know, that nation is the United States. When the nations of the Old World departed from the principles of equity and justice, and became oppres-sors of the poor and persecutors of the just, they could no longer be implements in the hand of an all-wise Governor. So the Lord raised up a nation in the New WorldŠin the wildernessŠand made it the custodian of civil and religious lib-erty. It became the home of the op-pressed of all nations. God blessed it with the light of truth to an extent not 