EDITORIAL. 35 "Ranting assailants" and "bombastic disputants" can be of no aid to the cause to which they are joined and of very little damage to the cause to which they are opposed. Does Slavery Exist in tke United States? It was recently declared at a re-ligious gathering, where Sunday observ-ance and enforcement were under dis-cussion, that "more than three millions of the citizens of the United States are compelled to work on Sunday." Now what does this mean ? Is it pos-sible that now, thirty-six years after the ratification of an amendment to the na-tional Constitution declaring that "neither slavery nor involuntary servi-tude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their ju-risdiction," that more than three millions of the citizens of the nation are com-pelled to work when they do not want to? We can hardly believe that such is the case. What, then, is the meaning of this statement? In the first place it will throw some light on this matter when we reflect that this statement is made by those who are very much devoted to the cause of Sun-day enforcement, not out of love for those who are "compelled" to work on Sunday, but because of the desire to have universal , conformity to the religious custom of Sunday observance. When the real motive which lies at the bot-tom of such remarks as the above is un-derstood, it will be much easier to com-prehend the meaning of the statements themselves. Now it is probable that there are three million people in this country who work  on Sunday, and no more. There are no doubt some of them who do so reluc-tantly, and who would prefer not to do so. But it is not a very serious matter with them or they would not work, for there is no law whatever compelling them to work, and the very most that they could suffer would be the loss of the positions which they hold. There have been peo-ple who have given up far greater things for the sake of what they believed to be right, and they have done so, too, in the face of far greater and more dangerous opposition than is likely to be encoun-tered in this country by any one who in-sists upon the right and privilege of Sunday observance. We are of the opinion that this course on the part of those who are offered the alternative of working on Sunday or of losing their positions would give the cause of Sunday observance a greater moral uplift than anything else that is being proposed at the present time. Why is it that those who regard Sunday ob-servance as of so much importance, and yet who are "compelled" to work on Sun-day, do not take this course in the mat-ter? We are sure that they will not have to suffer such hardships as did some of the martyrs of former times, and if worse comes to worse, we believe that even this whole three millions of people would find enough friends in this country to provide them with the absolute neces-saries of life. But there are no three millions of people in this country who are com-pelled, even to the extent that we have described, to work on Sunday. Investi-gation would reveal the fact that by far the greater number of these three million people are not concerned in the matter at all ; they would as soon work onŁ Sun-day as on any other day. They have not 