ANTI-DEMOCRATIC TENDENCIES IN AMERICAN LIFE 427 public business. We give spasmodic At-tention, and then we turn to the real interests of lifeÑour interests. And, therefore, at the bottom ,of our hearts, we do not take it so very much amiss that these gentlemen who undertake to rule us should also seek to attain what is the true end of lifeÑenrichmentÑthough it be by somewhat crooked means. [At this point the speaker discussed as " another instance of the aristocratic tendencies that are arising amongst us," " the large and increasing number of marriages with members of the foreign nobility." " The fact that our men of wealth in increasing numbers are marry-ing members of their families into the families of the European aristocracy, shows as clearly as anything can show the aristocratic tendency that prevails among our men of wealth, at least among certain-  classes of them." In connection with this was the increasing disposition of these men of wealth " to transplant themselves, their hearths and their house-hold goods to foreign countries." The speaker regarded it as great unfaithful-ness to the country for " these sons and daughters of America, who have received all the bounty America can give, to turn their backs upon their country without a scruple," and to expatriate themselves " with the same lightness as if it were to change an ornament." This was due, the speaker said, to the base conception that " the object of democracy is to enable men to get rich "Ñto enable the individual to pursue " his own selfish good, according to the ignoble under-standing of what is one's good." "After a man has got rich, and democracy has served its purpose, he does not need these United States any more; he has climbed the ladder, and he can thrust it away from him. The object has been attained, he is wealthy, fabulously wealthy. But wealth leads to further desiresÑrank,  title, outward distinctions that mark off the great of the earth from the little ; and as he does not find rank or title or such outward distinctions in his country, it is but natural that he should turn to the older countries of Europe, where these distinctions exist."] But there are two far more important instances which I would like to submit to you. One is the rise of imperialism in the United States. This,  came upon us overnight. The people at first, in a dazed, groping, uncertain sort of way, stared at the new thing, the new policy, hardly understanding it ; by and by they became used to it, and in a dumb sort of way, I fancy, they have ac-cepted it. Now what is the meaning of this gen-eral rise of imperialism? We are told that imperialism means war, and that a republic needs war, that military govern-ment is necessary as an antidote to com-mercialism, that war shocks us out of ignoble needs, teaches us to face hard-ship, and develops the manlier, chivalrous qualities. One of the most curious facts in our recent history is this doctrine of militarism and the strenuous life. I will say in passing that it is perfectly true that war'develops the generous and chiv-alrous qualities among a few finer na-tures ; but that on the whole, and among the average who take part in it, the sol-diery and even many of the officers, it develops the opposite qualities ; it blunts their finer feelings ; it gives the leash to all the coarser passions of human nature, to rapine and murder and lust ; and that it inevitably degrades. We saw the evi-dence of that a few years ago in China where the soldiers of European nations went on a mission of civilization, as it was called, and where they indulged themselves in the most obscene and in-iquitious practises, at the expense of the unarmed, inoffensive natives, looting by the wholesale, and so forth. We have 