524  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY In his quarterly charge to the grand jury of the county at Evansville, Ind., on June 2, "Judge Mattison urged the body to stop Sunday baseball playing and to indict all people playing on Sunday or seeing a game played." The city , council of Charlotte, Mich., has just passed an ordinance "against in-dulging in any sports whatever on the streets on Sunday." Three boys have been fined $3 each for playing ball in vio-lation of the ordinance. On May 29 Police Justice Crutchfield, of Richmond, Va., imposed a fine of $2oo on the promoters of a "Sunday club." The "club" was an attempt on the part of certain liquor men to evade the law against Sunday liquor selling. At the central police station in Balti-more, Md., on June 2, Isadore Kres was bound over under $600 bail to await the action of the criminal court on "the dou-ble charge of working on Sunday and of selling liquor on the Sabbath." A mass-meeting was recently held in the public park in Freeborn, Minn., "for the purpose of discussing the question of Sunday observance." It was the out-growth of a previous meeting for the same purpose in the Presbyterian church. . The sale of soda-water, confectionery, and fruit was strictly prohibited in Gardner, Mass., on Sunday, May i8. This was due directly to the orders of Deputy Sheriff Turner, but "the Union Temperance Committee stood back of the movement," he said. On May 23 a druggist in Temple, Texas, was convicted and fined $20 in the mayor's court "on the charge of sell-ing cigars on Sunday." The case had  been tried before and resulted in a "hung jury." The report is that "the Sunday-closing law is being rigidly enforced." Henry Heppe, an ice-cream dealer .of Gloucester City, N. J., was recently prosecuted by a neighboring shoe dealer for Sunday selling. The case was to be tried before a jury, but we have not learned the outcome. The cause of the prosecution seems to have been a person-al grudge. The city council of Waukegan, Ill., has refused to prohibit Sunday ball play-ing, deeming such action "too restrictive of public liberty." "All the Christian Endeavor societies in the city united in the crusade, but the council was unan-imous in its decision." Hurrah, for the city council of Waukegan ! At the annual convocation of the Ep-worth League for the district of Cleve-land, Ohio, held in the Euclid Avenue Methodist Church, that city, in May, "a decided stand with reference to Sunday baseball was taken," and a motion was "unanimously carried respectfully re-questing the sheriff to enforce the law." The proprietor of the single store in the village of Bell Centre, Ind., has re-ceived the "suggestion" to "close up on Sunday and stay closed during the day and evening." With the suggestion came the "advice" that "there is a movement to compel you to close," and the whole ended significantly : "A hint to the wise is sufficient; so take warning." At a convocation of religious workers, representing the Protestant Episcopal Church in Boise, Idaho, and presided over by Bishop Funston, a report was adopted on May 28, "inviting the co-op-eration of all religious bodies, and all 