244 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY cure the repeal of the law of that State which enforces " Lord's day " observance. Yes, and every step that has ever been taken in human progress has been about the same thing. Every step that has been taken in the long but glorious struggle for civil and religious freedom and the separation of church and state has been " a radical reflection upon the customs and traditions of the past." And every step of this sort has been opposed by, and been taken in spite of, men who were hug-ging " the customs and traditions of the past " in disregard of human rights and the duties of the present. O I The day is recognized in the statutes of all States as properly one of rest; its religious character is not taken into ac-count except so far as the rights of those who desire to worship in peace and quiet are recognized," says an exchange in ap-proving Sunday legislation. A careful analysis of Sunday legislation shows that it is only the rights of those who desire to worship on Sunday that are recognized in such legislation. Therefore, to say that the religious character of the day is not taken into account except so far as the rights of those who desire to wor-ship are recognized, is simply to say that such legislation takes into account noth-ing else but the religious character of the day. It is only because of its religious character that " the day is recognized in the statutes of all States as properly one of rest." O " The appointment of two Americans, one to the archbishopric of Manila and the other to one of the minor sees in the islands, indicates that the Vatican is not going to put anything in the way of Gov-ernor Taft," remarked the New York Evening Sun of April 8. Did the Sun suspect that the Vatican was going to put something in the way of Governor Taft? It can he depended upon that in these  appointments the Vatican has had an eye solely for the interests of the Papacy, and that any accommodation that may have been made to the desires of the civil authorities of the islands is but a shrewd move for gaining advantage that could not be obtained otherwise. And why should appointments from the Vat-ican have anything to do .with Governor Taft and the civil government of the islands? .The fact that in this country it is taken so much as a matter of course that its appointments have something to do with Governor Taft and the civil gov-ernment of the islands no doubt pleases the Vatican immensely. O The tyrannical character of the "pro-tection " of forded by Sunday " rest-day " or " holiday " legislation was very aptly, though no doubt unconsciously, set forth by. a North Dakota newspaper recently in this item : The barbers of this State are assured now of this, that they can have a holiday every Sunday or go to jail, as the new law pro-vides that penalty for Sunday shaving. So the barbers are assured by the new law that "they can have a holiday every Subiday or go to jail"! That is, they no longer have freedom in the matter. They not only can, but must, " have a holiday every Sunday." If any of them should choose not to have a holiday on any Sun-day and should exercise their choice, as they certainly have a right to do, why then they would have to " go to jail." It is difficult to see how such legislation protects anybody's rights. O A newspaper says " it is beginning to dawn on the Christian world that the Sabbath of the decalogue is not a specific twenty-four hotirs, but ' one day for rest following six days of labor,' " and quotes The Interior (Presbyterian) as saying: If any writer or reader thinks that the Al-mighty is insistent upon the particular observ-ance of certain particular hours, which can 