THE OBSERVANCE OF SUNDAY  81 In New York City "All labor is prohibited on Sunday in this city except works of necessity or charity. "Persons who observe another day of the week as holy time and do no work on that day are allowed to work on Sun-day, provided their work is not annoying to other persons who keep Sunday as holy time. "By this exception of the law many small factories for the manufacture of clothing are run on Sunday. "Works of necessity include 'whatever is needful for the health or comfort of the community.' Among them are : "Running of street-cars and other con-veyances. "Deliveries of telegraph messages and collections of mail matter. "Transportation of baggage, theatri-cal scenery, cattle and perishable articles of food. "Repairs to pipes when water or gas is escaping. "Public traffic, buying and selling are prohibited on Sunday, with the follow-ing exceptions : "All articles of food, meats excepted, may be sold before 10 a. m., and places for the sale of tobacco, fruit, confec-tionery, soda water, newspapers, drugs, medicines and surgical appliances may remain open all day Sunday. "Barber shops and public baths may remain open. "Restaurants may remain open. "The sale of liquors is prohibited on Sunday by the Liquor Tax law, except that liquors may be served with meals at places having hotel licenses. "Theatrical exhibitions and all per-formances of the stage are prohibited on Sunday, except that sacred concerts may be given on Sunday at places licensed. "All parades are prohibited on Sun-day, except that government or State troops may march through the streets, and funeral processions may escort bodies on the way to burial. "All the Sunday laws now in force in this city are laws passed by the State legislature at different times, and a large number of old city regulations which imposed penalties for 'Sabbath breaking' and many petty restrictions upon the liberties of citizens have be-come dead letters. "In passing the Sunday laws the leg-islature took the ground that the first day of the week having been set apart by general consent for rest and religious uses,- the laws should prohibit the doing of acts on that day which would be se-rious interruptions of the repose and religious liberty of the community. "The Penal Code makes Sabbath-breaking a misdemeanor, punishable by a fine not exceeding $io or by imprison-ment not exceeding five days, or both, for a first offense, with double the pen-alty for a second offense;  In addition to these penalties, a person who exposes goods for sale in violation of the Sunday laws risks the forfeiture of the goods." "Liberality in the enforcement of Sun-day laws has been the rule of the police in this city. Violations of the law by unnecessary-  work have been common, and have been allowed by the police to pass unnoticed, so long as they are not offensively public. On occasions when railroad companies have laid car tracks in the streets on Sunday to evade the service of injunctions, and in some other cases where it has been necessary to have gangs of men employed in the streets on Sunday, the police have been restrained by orders from making ar-rests. 