- THE COURSE OF EMPIRE 361 her in the governing of these dependen-cies. Instead of giving to the Philippines the 75-per-cent. tariff reduction that was advised and urged by Mr. J. G. Schur-man and many others, and which justice evidently required, Congress gave only a 25-per-cent. reduction ! The attempt was made to mollify this action by providing that the revenues collected on the Philip-pine imports coining into this country should be turned "into the Philippine treasury to be used by the Philippine government for the benefit of the Philip-pine people"Šthe same old dodge of George III. with regard to the American colonies. The Filipinos need help now, and it is no consolation to them to be told that twenty-five, fifty or a hundred years hence they will have public roads, buildings, etc., as a reimbursement for the snatching of 'bread from their mouths and clothes from their backs to-day. The devious ways in which the Fili-pinos will be reimbursed for the reve-nues now wrung from them is sug-gested strongly by one of the first "im-provements" contemplated by the Taft Commission. We have it on unimpeach-able authority that it is proposed to build a railroad fifty-five miles in length for no other purpose, or at least there is xi.) other necessity which warrants its con-struction, than to enable the American officials to go backwards and forwards from the coast to the mountains for their health, it being proposed to have a sani-tarium and recuperative resort on the highlands of Benguet. Mr. J. G. Schur- man well says : "I hold that the Ameri-can authorities have no right to vote Philippine money or credit for this object without the consent of the representa-tives of the Philippine people." 01 course this may be said to be an excep-tion, but thOse who doubt that it indi-cates what will be the general tendency  of things will some day have their doubts dispelled. We have already described the case of..  Cuba. It is admitted and declared on all sides that it is the bounden duty of this nation to take off the tariff on her prod-ucts coming into this country. But not-withstanding the almost universal de-mand for this, the plain words of the President recommending immediate ac-tion in the matter, and the fact that such concessions were virtually pledged a year ago when the Cuban Constitutional Convention reluctantly yielded to the Platt Amendment, Congress has so far done nothing, and what it .proposes to do at last is universally declared to be scarcely more than nothing. Only a 20-per-cent. reduction is to be made, and that is limited to only one crop ! And in addition to that more conditions of the Platt Amendment variety are saddled upon this niggardly grant. And why has not more been done, and done long ago ? Ah! it might not be to our interest! It might cause us to lose a dollar or two. We are a mighty gener-ous nation as far as talking goes; as far as blatant boasting goes there is not and never has been on earth any nation that could go further in befriending and liberating the helpless and the oppressed. But then when it comes down to practi-cal affairs we want it understood that our own interests are first and foremost. We'll not surrender an iota of sovereignty nor give up a dollar, but nevertheless-we are the most magnanimous nation that ever the sun shown upon ! We should prefer to quote, this language, but inasmuch as it represents actions as well as words, we must leave it as it is. This matter of the Cuban tariff demon-strates that it is a great deal easier to talk about being the friend and liberator of the oppressed than to be it. It shows that boasting of doing things and doing,  