The Supremacy of the Papacy By Alonzo T. Jones XVI Another Matter in which the Papacy is Gaining Power Over the Nation WE have seen what a hold the Papacy is getting upon the United States government through the Philippines. We have seen how she is determined to make felt in the United States itself this power which she holds in the Philippines. pInd there is no question whatever but that she can, by the use of the fifteen millions of American Catholics," which she boasts, make her power felt inside the United States, and upon the United States itself, as well as in the Philippines and upon the Filipinos. That one thing alone is sufficient to cause every person who cares for the wel-fare of this nation to think most seriously; and yet that is only one item in the count. Affairs of the United States it-self, without reference to any other coun-try, or any other part of the jurisdiction or government of the United States, are such that they are to-day giving to the Papacy as clear an opening to power over this nation as anything could possibly do. And through the opening created by these affairs of daily occurrence, the Papacy is directly walking to power over this nation. The matter of the anthracite coal strike has occupied a great part of the attention of this whole nation ever since it began in the summer of 19oz. When the time came that overtures were accepted that would bring the strikers and owners to-gether, a commission was appointed ; and to it the whole subject was committed. The first proposition was that the com-mission should be composed of five men of different occupations, but of such knowledge and standing as would, in a sense, make them experts. This proposi-tion was made from the side of the own- ers. It was first opposed by the leader of the miners, but " Mr. Mitchell was sent for; and . . . President Roosevelt con-vinced him that it would be possible to choose perfectly fair men from the category presented by the operators, and names were freely discussed." This dis-cussion secured the consent of Mr. Mitch-ell, but with most important additions. For when the representative of the own-ers " met the President in Washington, and the employers' interests were pre-sented, he consented that the President should add a sixth member to the five they had proposed." And this sixth mem-ber was Bishop Spalding of the Catholic Church, for " to those [five] the Presi-dent chose to add a sixth who should be an eminent RoMan Catholic prelate, near-ly all the miners being adherents of the Catholic Church." Thus it is plain that the conference be-tween Mr. Mitchell, the head of the strik-ers, and the President of the United States tended directly to this one point of having the Roman Catholic Church, in " an eminent Roman Catholic prelate," definitely recognized and represented in the settlement of that controversy. Ac-cordingly, the dispatches reporting this thing from Washington at the time said that Bishop Spalding was added to the original number of five, " as a conces-sion to the strikers." Yet this recognition of the Catholic Church didn't stop there. A recorder to the commission was appointed, and he was a man who " has been, for many years, an active teacher in the economic department of the great Catholic Uni-versity at Washington." Now, though 