The Course of Empire By the Editor CERTAIN prominent journals have formed the custom of heading certain portions of news as "The Course of Congress," "The Course of the Pres-ident," etc. There is another heading modeled on this order that they might appropriately employ in connection with other news which they are constantly publishingŠthe heading which appears over this article. Inasmuch as we have said very little for several months re-garding happenings and developments which may appropriately be included un-der this heading, we will devote a little attention to them in this issue, for they are important. Just four years ago the 21st of last month the United States entered upon war with Spain, declaring to the world its intention to relieve the desperate con-dition which Spanish tyranny had pro-duced in Cuba, and, disclaiming all the ambition of conquest, solemnly resolved to leave the control and government of the island to its people when peace was established thereon. Spain was defeated and driven from the island, and by the treaty formulated at Paris at the conclu- sion of the war she was obliged to re-linquish to the United States the island of Porto Rico and the Philippine archi-pelago, where a vigorous revolt against the Spanish rule was in progress on the part of the nrore civilized Filipinos. No sooner had it become certain that the fortunes of war were to place.  the Philippines in the hands of the United States, so far as Spain was concerned, than a certain delirium swept over this country. Journals that have since pro-fessed to regard the term as little less than treason against the nation, then in  flaming headlines and enthusiastic edi-torials announced the coming of a great "American Empire" and descanted at length upon the glories thereof. Orators joined in the strain, and soon the na-tion was inoculated with the virus of im-perialism. Then as never before the maxims and principles which constitute the foundation, the sheet-anchor, of American republicanism, were decried, hawked at, ridiculed, sophisticated, and openly denounced by men who owe to them the liberty they enjoy. For the first time since the days of the defenders of slavery the old threadbare arguments, doctrines and subtleties which have been the stock in trade of the oppressors of men from the dawn of history were heard throughout the length and breadth of the country. Preachers and politicians alike joined in writing the epitaph of the Dec-laration of Independence and the doc-trine of the inalienable rights of man, and publicists employed their tongues and their pens in the ignoble task of constructing a justification for conquest and the domination of nation over nation in the name of liberty, humanity, and the progress of civilization ! Every argu-ment from that of holding aloft chunks of gold that had been found in the soil of the new possessions to that of the pious appeal to the mysterious and inscrutable ways of destiny and Providence, was used in the effort to justify the United States in forsaking her moorings of the equal-ity and inalienable rights of men and launching upon the sea of expediency and imperialism. It is true that conspicuous and noble protests were made and are still being made, but, as a rule, these were ridiculed and brushed aside, and now the 