AN INDICTMENT OF NEW YORK'S SUNDAY LAW 699 it. The very existence, therefore, of the law in question implies the design to enforce conformity to religious tenets on those. who do not believe them to be true ; and a more palpable violation of the holy rights of con-science and the provisions of the con-stitution can scarcely be imagined. There are people in this community who are as honest and benevolent as any others, and perhaps no weaker than their neighbors, and who relig-iously holding the same doctrine of equal rights which St. Paul advocated when the Pharisees attempted to coerce the Christians to keep the Jewish Sab-bath, admit the right of "one man to esteem one day above another," and "another to esteem every day alike," and are willing to "let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind" in regard to matters of religion ; but who, like St. Paul and the primitive Chris-tians, are not willing that their re-ligious liberty "in respect of an holy day, or of the sabbath days," should be "judged of another man's con-science" ; and there are others again who religiously profess to worship God in heart or mind only, and as con-scientiously avoid the external show of worship as they would ostentation and hypocrisy ; and as the exercise of these religious professions does not amount to a breach of the public peace, or con-tain in them anything inimical to the political safety of the State, nor can be construed into acts of violence or fraud against the life, liberty or property of others, or a disturbance of them in "the free exercise and enjoyment of their religious profession and worship," and hence are not acts of immorality or licentiousness, they are entitled to the  protection and guardianship of the con-stitution in common with every other religious creed, and the professors of them are objects of the guardianship of the constitution equally with every other class of citizens. What right then have any others to say to these, "Why do ye so ?" without conceding the equal right of these to reciprocate the ques-tion? What rights and privileges are guaranteed by the constitution to any or every other class of citizens which are not equally assured to these? Have they not the same right to dissent from the religious creeds of both the first and seventh-day sabbatteans, as these two sects have to dissent from the re-ligious creed of each other? Is not "the free exercise and enjoyment of the religious opinions" of the non-sabbat-teans an object of the guardianship of the constitution equally with those of the first and seventh-day sabbatteans? Does not the law in question coerce the former to keep the first or seventh-day sabbath, although they conscientiously disbelieve the divine appointment of either of those days as a religious holy day? And when forced by law against their own religious creed to conform to others they neither profess or believe to be true, are not their religious rights and liberty of conscience invaded and wrested from them? Can spiritual op-pression and intolerance be better de-fined? It was expressly to guard against such acts of spiritual oppression and intolerance as these that the article of the constitution which has been quoted was interposed, and whether the vio-lence is done by individuals, a religious sect, or legislative law, the constitution emphatically interdicts it. At a recent State convention of Con-gregationalists at Menominee, Wis., "resolutions were passed denouncing the Sunday opening of the money- order department of post-offices and the running of Sunday exceursions." 