EDITORIAL  713 by the chief executive of the nation and of the governors of most of the States which is plainly inconsistent with the principle of separation of church and state, and which one President of the United States has declared is the exercise of a power which the Constitution has di-rectly precluded to all holding office un-der it. We refer to the custom of direct-ing by proclamation the holding of re-ligious exercises. O On a recent Sunday morning the pas-tor of the Calvary Presbyterian Church in Camden, N. J., preached on "Tire Re-ligious Outlook in Camden," declaring it to be "very dark." His first point in set-ting forth the condition of "the King's army in Camden," was that many of the 15,000 church members of the city "are persistent Sabbath-breakers." But we are glad to note that he did not urge the employment of civil authority in straight-ening out these church members in this matter. Perhaps it is thought that en-forced Sunday observance is appropriate only for unbelievers and worldings, and that it would not look well to call upon the law to get church members right in the matter. It certainly would indicate that the church was about destitute of spiritual power. And that is about what is indicated when the church calls upon the state to enforce "Sabbath" observance upon unbelievers and worldlings. ¥ It is rumored in Rome that when the Czar comes to return the visit of King Victor Emmanuel he will not call on the Pope, and that "the Rusian minister to the Holy See, M. Coubestoff, will pur-posely be absent from Rome during the sojourn of the Czar in the city so as to render it easier to ignore the Vatican." This "has seriously disturbed the Vati-can," and "papal diplomacy is doing its utmost to prevent such an awkward inci- dent." It is said that the purpose of the Czar is "to show his displeasure at the Pope's action in withdrawing the papal nuncio from The Hague because he was not invited to take part in the Peace Con-gress." All of which goes to show the essentially political character of "the Church." "An unprecedented increase in crime in the United Kingdom" is shown by the report of the Commissioners of Prisons just published in London. There were 17,163 more persons convicted of crime during the year ending March 31, 1901, than during the preceding year. "The Commissioners find it impossible to as-sign a specific cause for the increase, as it is distributed generally throughout the country, and they hold out no hope of decreasing the average." It was reported from London on Sep-tember 15 that "the committee of the Protestant Alliance is making another at-tempt to get the Jesuits and priests of other orders expelled from England under the act of George IV." The in-flux into England of members of the sup-pressed orders in France seems to be the immediate occasion of this attempt. The Sacred Heart Review (Roman Catholic), which did not agree with Archbishop Ireland in a matter of recent public discussion, referred to him as "the spiritual director of the Government." This is by no means destitute of point in view of a number of things that have oc-curred in recent years. The mayor of Beverly, N. J., recently stopped a gang of Italian workmen who were engaged in laying gas pipes in that place on Sunday. 