THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 595 Calvert's change of faith did not cause a rupture with the king. James cared little whether his people were Protestant or Catholic so long as they respected his authority as king. But Catholics had more than once tasted persecution under the rule of Protestant sovereigns, and it was only natural .that Lord Balti-more should desire a charter that would as far as possible guard his coreligionists against Protestant intolerance. The Episcopal Church was established by law in England. The king was not only a member of that church, but stood at its head. The most that Sir George Calvert could do to secure religious liberty for Roman Catholics was to secure toleration for all rz. who held the Christian faith. For this reason "Christianity was by the charter made the law of the land, but no preference Was given to any sect."ŠBancroft. This was far in advance of Virginia, the charter of which, as Baird observes," enjoined that the mode of worship should conform to that of the established church of England." But it fell very far short of the "absolute religious ,freedom " of Providence and Rhode Island, and of the equally broad tolerance of the Quakers of Pennsylvania, whose colony was es-tablished upon " the principle of unlimited tolera-tion," and which was therefore " a resort for people of all creeds and of none."ŠBaird. The Puritans of Massachusetts, the Quakers of Pennsylvania, the. Presbyterians and Baptists found in all the colonies, and the Roman Catholics in Maryland had all felt the heavy hand of persecution in the Old World, and all sought to secure for them-selves that freedom of conscience which experience had taught them to prize even above civil liberty. Experience is a hard school, but it teaches prin-ciples not so readily learned elsewhere. History records no instance of religious liberty being granted on the motion of the dominant sect. Freedom of conscience has ever been demanded by dissenters from the prevailing faith, and has in general. been rather grudgingly conceded by the majority. This is not because the Christian religion is intolerant, but because so few ever completely yield themselves to the benign spirit of Christianity. Intolerance is due to lack of faith in the over-ruling providence of God. The bigot is afraid to trust the management of divine affairs to the Divine Being. Like Uzzah, he must 'needs steady the ark by civil ena:tments. The Spirit of God will, he  fears, fail to subdue hearts unless His operations are re-enforced by civil penalties. On the other hand, the dissenter from the prevailing creed has nothing upon which to lean, nothing in which to trust except the justice of his cause and the power of his God. The result has uniformly been the development of a deeper piety and a more sterling manhood. B. TOO BUSY TO NOTICE PERSECUTION. A TERRIBLE and bloody persecution of Jews is in progress in Roumania. It presents the picture'of " honorable men practically expelled from their fatherland, helpless women and children wandering footsore and weary 'from place to place, hundreds not knowing whither to turn." "The descriptions by eye-witnesses of the miseries of these poor crea-tures whose only crime consists in their being Jews," says a Hebrew journal, " makes the saddest reading imaginable. It seems scarcely possible that such things can be." The same paper recalls the mass-meeting held in the Mansion House, London, dur-ing a similar persecution in 5872, at which meeting the Earl of Shaftesbury, the Bishop of Gloucester, and others made ringing speeches in behalf of re-ligious liberty, and it was declared by resolution that " this meeting protests against the outrages com-mitted on the Jews in Roumania as a disgrace against modern civilization, and deeply sympathizes with the unhappy people." But no one thinks of calling a mass-meeting to take note of the like outbreak of persecution to-day. Scarcely a thought, indeed, is given to it. Scarcely a mention of it has found its way into the columns of the press. What is the matter? Oh, England is very busy just now civilizing the Boers and extend-ing her empire in China, and the United States is also very busy with the task of carrying the "white man's burden " in Asia, and the whole civilized world, in fact, is very busy watching the great work of em-pire building and the extension of the blessings of " Christian civilization " in Asia undertaken by the world Powersi-too busy to pay attention to such a trifle as a persecution of the Jews in Roumania, or of a war in Central America, or of any minor dis-turbance anywhere. England and the United States, moreover, are getting familiarized with the picture of human sufferingŠthat always goes with the work of empire building. The death lists that come back from the Transvaal and the Philippines no longer 