RELIGIOUS LIBERTY. 25 answer them emphatically in the nega-tive. The civil power is the power of arbi-trary force to compel men who will not be righteous to at least be civil, that men may live together in peace and quiet-ness. The true power of the church is the power of divine love manifest in human flesh, to win men to lead right-eous lives. The two powers are entirely separate, and Jesus so taught when he said, "Render to Caesar [the civil power] the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's." When Peter, as a member of the Christian church, sought to defend the truth by the sword, Jesus, pointing to his Father as the only source of power, said : "Put up again thy sword into his place ; for all they that take the sword [i. e., in religious matters] shall perish with the sword." The tares were to be allowed to grow with the wheat until the harvest. Then God would send forth his angels and gather out the tares and burn them; No human effort of arbitrary force was to be used in rooting them out, lest in the act the wheat should be uprooted instead.  Again Jesus said : "My kingdom is not of this world; if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight." Every civil law has the power of the sword back of it. If it is right to make a law, then it is right to enforce it. In denying to the church the power of the sword, Jesus, therefore, forbade the church to ask the state for laws en-forcing religious beliefs and observances. Paul understood this when he said : "The weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds." The early church, strong only in the power of God, triumphed grandly, even over the opposing force of a false re-ligion upheld by a despotic state. Only when she allied herself with that state, seeking its aid, did she deny her God, lose her power, and darken the world down into a night of a thousand years. The present effort to enforce the observ-ance of Sunday and to introduce the teaching of Christianity into the public schools, is but a revival of the pagan and papal doctrine of force in religious things, and as such it is anti-Christian. "Oh ! Not yet Mayst thou unbrace thy corslet, nor lay by Thy sword ; nor yet, 0 Freedom ! close thy lids In slumber; for thine enemy never sleeps, And thou must watch and combat till the day Of the new earth and heaven." 