"rany man hear my worele and believe not 'judge him not"ŠJeau. aria: 336 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. CHICAGO, MAY 31, 1900. We shall have something interesting to report in a week or two regarding the result of an attempt to es tablish religious intolerance in the province of Ontario, by means of Sunday laws enacted by the provincial legislature. The question of the validity of the Onta-rio Sunday lawŠknown as the "Lord's Day Act"Šhas now come before the Court of Appeals, and the de-cision of the judges concerning it will be of much in-terest and importance to the cause of religious freedom in Canada. The army under Lord Roberts in South Africa is described as one of the most temperate armies, as re-gards the use of intoxicants, ever put in the field. To this fact is attributed its successful endurance of the hardships incident to a campaign characterized by forced marches over a rough and inhospitable country. The Catholic press in the United States is still en-deavoring to work up the basis of a claim for large damages against the Government for the "desecration" of Catholic churches in the Philippines. It seems pretty generally understood, however, that most of the alleged desecration occurred as the direct result of the use of the churches by the "insurgents" as forts in which to resist the advance of the Government forces in the islands. We are tole in reports from Manila that three causes are operating to prevent the restoration of peace. Filipino a0ators and the friars constitute two of these causes, and the third is "suppressed by the censor." The American people are supposed to be supreme in American affairs, but we hardly think they have hired a censor to keep themselves in ignorance concerning affairs relatirig to their business in any por-tion of their possessions. The city council of Topeka,' Kans., not very long ago passed a Sunday closing ordinance, which, how-ever, was not very strictly enforced, and it was alleged that "loud complaints" of this laxity were made by the merchants of the place. Now the mayor has an-nounced that beginning with Sunday, May 27, the law  will be strictly enforced, even to the closing of florists' shops and ice cream parlors. The mayor appears to be unmindful of the fact such an effort as he is now making to secure Sunday observance in Topeka, has been tried in numerous other cities in various States, but never with any permanent success. Reform with-out conscience must be a failure always. A proposition announced in the platform of a po-litical party in Oregon, is "to give to the Filipinos, first, a stable form of government." To which a New Bedford, Mass., journal truthfully replies : "Well, you can't do it. Nobody can do it. A stable form of gov-ernment depends on the people themselves, whether they are ruled from within or without." An eastern exchange reports an agitation in Hack-ensack, N. J., over the question of permitting Sunday golf. The golf club of the city declares it is their in-tention to regulate their playing only by the state of the weather, and certain of the Hackensack clergy threaten to invoke the law unless Sunday playing is stopped ; which, as our exchange remarks, "is not at all neighborly, as the golf players have made no ob-jection to the churches being open on Sunday." Some few people at least are becoming alive to the fact that something more is required to reform so-ciety than conventions and resolutions, or even civil laws. "An American Mother," writing in the "Ladies' Home Journal" for April, says : "There are other and graver facts of which I can but hint here which prove how deep is the decadence of the old sacred family life, and how rapidly the in-stinct of motherhood is dying out among our women. One is the rapid and enormous increase of divorces in this country, especially in the northeastern farming states. It is not only the gay, self-indulgent husband and wife who tire of each other, but the plodding farmer and the woman who is old and worn out with work. Another fact, even more tragic and significant, is the number of childless homes in the northern states. Hundreds of the oldest leading American families have become extinct in the last decade. The women of these families were notably active in public work. So large has been the decrease of births of American parentage in one section of this country that there is a real dan-ger that the native stock there will entirely die out. There are darker depths here which I shall not un-cover. All women have looked into them." The particularly significant statement in the fore-going is that the women in the leading American fam-ilies which have become extinct "were notably active in public life." They gave speeches and essays and high moral instruction to the world instead of giving children. 