EDITORIAL  573 privilege must be secured from those in whose hands the powers of the whole body have been centered. The ordinary congressman can do little more than vote and watch the legislative machine. Ex-Senator John M. Thurston says that the methods of legislation which now obtain in the House of Representatives are "the most arbitrary of those in any legislative body in the world," and that "the theory that the people legislate on equal terms in the House of Representatives through their chosen representatives is to-day a myth." This state of affairs in the na-tional legislature is in line with the most significant tendencies of the times. .¥ Through the president of the New York Fidelity and Casualty Company it has been made known that while the Treaty of Paris was pending Mr. Andrew Carnegie offered to furnish the $2o,000,000 which it was proposed to pay to Spain in connection with the acquire,  ment of the Philippines, on condition that he be allowed to go to the islands as a special commissioner, or as one of sev-eral commissioners, with authority to as-sure the Filipinos of the kindly disposi-tion of this country and to promise them that the United States would recognize the independence of the islands as soon as a stable government had been estab-lished. This proposition was declined by President McKinley. The New York Times, and the opinion is shared by man) other prominent journals, thinks that Mr. Carnegie "exhibited the understand-ing of a child" in this matter, and says of his offer that "it was an astoundingly foolish proposal, and, not to put too fine a point upon it, a reckless and wicked one," and adds that the President "had too deep a sense of the national honor and the national duty to give it any con-sideration." The dishonor to the United States, and the foolishness, recklessness  and wickedness of this proposition, ac-cording to these journals, seems to lie not in the fact that it involved the transfer-rence of governmental business to a pri-vate individual, but in that it involved the promise that the United States would recognize the independence of the Fili-pinos as soon as a stable government was established. The pronounced antipathy displayed from these sources toward the idea of Filipino independence is some-thing past finding out, and therefore it is useless to attempt to divine why these journals, after what has followed the re-fusal of the Government to promise what Mr. Carnegie desired it to promise, and was willing to go to such length to get it to promise, fix upon the course which he proposed as the "astoundingly fool-ish," "reckless and wicked one." The thing goes to show that there is in the United States a remarkable, if not an astoundingly foolish, reckless and wick-ed, disposition to despise, cry down, and trample upon anything with regard to the Philippines that harmonizes with what were once the most cherished of American ideals. And this is a disposi-tion which it is worth while calling at-tention, to, even in periodicals that are not devoted to the discussion of politics. The article elsewhere on "A Danger= ous Tendency"does not present fancies of the imagination, but actual, unmistakable realities. He who runs may read and see that the centralization of governmental authority is being hastened in the United States, and 'that in inevitable accompani-ment with that centralization comes the augmentation to unwonted extent of gov-ernmental power and authority. In strik-ing confirmation of what is said regarding the tendency of the combinations of capi-tal and labor in this article that was writ-ten two months ago, is a certain, phase of the present coal strike and of strikes 