656 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY as cock-fighting, bull-baiting and so on, and possibly it was effective in prevent-ing breaches of the peace. But it is sure-ly carrying matters an absurd length to attempt the enforcement of the statute against the innocent game of cricket. It is obvious, too, that if the young fellows in country districts are stopped from en-gaging in harmless games of this sort on Sundays, when they have a whole day of leisure they will probably spend their time in a less innocent way. Everyone knows that it is infinitely better for them to be in the cricket field than in the bar parlor at the local hotel. Unfortunately situated as young men often are in the country, their only choice lies between these alternatives. Local Dogberrys, such as the Warburton justices, would do well to remember that while prohibiting cricket on Sundays they may be encour-aging a greater evil than even Sabbath desecration." Sunday enforcement has the same in-spiration and the same results the world over. The attempt of the clergymen of Ne-braska City, Neb., by means of ah or-ganization of their own, misnamed the Law and Order League,. to suppress Sunday ball playing in that city has pro-duced quite a bitter controversy which has been marked by some interesting and stirring episodes. On July 13 the min-isters caused the arrest of an entire ball club, the members . of which were ar-raigned in court the next day. A change of venue was demanded on the ground that the justice was clerk of the Baptist church, and could not give the case a fair trial. The question was argued bit-terly for several hours, but at last the change was agreed to, and the men were released temporarily under a bond of $250. That evening a mass-meeting of citizens was held at which the action  of the "Law and Order" League was .roundly condemned, and a resolution was adopted declaring it to be the sense of the meeting "that the innocent and harm-less amusement of baseball games should be continued in Nebraska city on Sun-days at any cost." The next step of the citizens, who acted through an organiza-tion called the business men's associa-tion, was to appoint a special election for July 19, for the purpose of finding out "whether public sentiment is for or against the playing of baseball on Sun-days." It was not pretended that the election would have any legal effect. The ministers were notified of the inten-tion to hold this election and 'were asked to cooperate in it by appointing a judge and clerk to assist in supervising the balloting. To this the ministers replied with scorn, declaring that the proposed election would be a farce, a "ridiculous ' attempt to set aside the law of our State and the interpretation of the Nebraska supreme court," a proceeding that ((would make our city the laughing stock of law-abiding communities and citizens throughout the State and nation," and which embodied a principle that would "undermine the most sacred foundations of constitutional government and inevi-tably lead to a reign of terror." Butt the election was held nevertheless, and 842 ballots were cast out of a registration of about 1,400, and 826 of those voting were in favor of Sunday ball playing. In the meantime the ministers announced with reference to a ball game that was scheduled for the following day that they would "not only arrest the players, but the spectators as well." The Ł out-come was that a small riot took place the next day. The game had no sooner got-ten under way than the sheriff appeared on the grounds with warrants for the arrest of the players, that had been sworn out by the ministers. An angry crowd 