502 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the late Pope in some such fashion as was done when McKinley was buried, when traffic was stopped and the whole coun-try was " silent and motionless for a half hour." She is sure that " there is no man in America who would not have been helped by.  a moment's pause and silence as Pope Leo was laid in his grave." It is strange that the Catholic Church did not do something of this sort. But per-haps she thought it was unnecessary, as all the world seemed to be paying tribute to the Pope anyhow. Perhaps she pre-ferred not to interrupt this praise and admiration for even such a silence. " The Rev. Thomas A. Hendrick, one of the four American Catholic bishops recently appointed, called upon President Roosevelt on July 24 to discuss questions relating to his church in the Philippine Islands." Is the President helping run the Catholic Church now ? It was by in-vitation of the President that Archbishop Farley and a man " prominent in Catholic Church affairs " visited Oyster Bay on July 13 and discussed with him " Catholic conditions in the Philippines." On ac-count of the death of the Pope the " Holy Name Society " did not hold its annual council on July 26, and so the President did not address it. But it is now an-nounced that he will certainly do so when the council is held. The San Francisco News-Letter de-clares that " it is absolutely silly, idiotic and stupid to think for a moment that the United States has any voice at all, or the slightest influence in the conduct of the ' business ' of either the occupant of St. Peter's chair, of the college of cardinals, of any department of or any of the ma-chinery of that politico-religio power." It is of the opinion that " the stream of influence runs in this, not in that, direc- Łtion." There can be no doubt about the truth of this last statement. By their activity in behalf of their Sun-day legislation in that Province the cham-pions of Sunday enforcement in Ontario have brought themselves to the attention of that eccentric but brilliant character in London, Mr. Henry Labouchere. A dispatch states that in his paper, the Lon-don Truth, he " dubs the Sabbatarians of Ontario, whose Sunday observance act has just been declared ultra vires, a set of narrow-minded bigots." Mr. Labou-chere's pronouncement on this point needs very little modification. The decision of the Privy Council was no doubt a surprise to others besides the leaders of the " Lord's Day " Alliance. It is said that Premier Laurier and his three immediate predecessors have all held " that the enactment of laws governing the Lord's Day came within the jurisdic-tion of the provinces, except in the case of railways and canals, which were con-trolled by the federal government." Sir John Thompson also included newspapers with railways and canals in this matter. At a mass-meeting in a Presbyterian church in Puyallup, Wash., on July 12, resolutions were adopted calling for the closing of " the gates of the Valley Fair on the Sabbath day, commonly called Sunday," and directing that copies of the resolutions be sent, to the fair manage-ment, to the papers, and " to the mayor of the city." It was reported from points in Min-nesota recently that " in line with the action of the North Western, the Omaha has abandoned Sunday excursions of all classes." It is said that the object in both cases was " to give the men a day of rest and save expense." " Seldom in the history of the Papacy has the outcome of a conclave been awaited with more interest by European statesmen," says Harper's Weekly. 