EDITORIAL 777 dress on the subject Mr. Chamberlain has "acknowledged that the bill was not perfect," and declared that "personally he had always been in favor of govern-mental provision for secular education only," but that "rightly or wrongly, how-ever, the majority of voters require that religious instruction of some kindŁ be given to the children." And he thinks the present bill is the best way to meet that requirement. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach in a public speech has given warn-ing that "the courts know how to deal with those who, by refusing to pay the rates, range themselves on the side of anarchy." It is said that "not since the days of the Irish Home Rule bill has any gov-ernment measure in England created such widespread excitement and fierce opposition" as the Education Bill. It is thought that the bill will be modified somewhat so that the matter can be com-promised. "Moderate Churchmen are suggesting that the chief difficulty can be removed by restricting religious instruc-tion to. the Bible and the authorized cate-chism, and by excluding ritualistic man-uals and other extreme works." It seems that the bill as it stands is most decidedly partial to the Established Church. 14. Tardy and Ill-Discerning Alarm THE rumor that, as one phase of the negotiations between the American Gov-ernment and the Papacy, the President of the United States was officially interest-ing himself in behalf of Archbishop Ire-land's cardinalate ambition, produced in some quarters, where evidently very little alarm over the matter had previously ex-isted, a very lively sense of the grave dangers of such negotiations. Not only was it then seen that the negotiations at Rome should not have taken place, but  it was declared that there should be no further negotiations anywhere between the Government and the Papacy. It seems strange that those who are now so alarmed could not have seen in the first place, when the project of opening such negotiations and sending a "mission" to Rome was broached, that in the very nature of things it was a dangerous step, and could very naturally involve just such things as this matter of minor im-portance that was rumored. And we note, too, that one great relig-ious journal that became so stirred over the thought "that any President or any political party should permit the friends of Archbishop Ireland to use them" in accomplishing his purpose to become a cardinal, which it declared "would be the most astounding act in the history of American politics," is one of the organs of a great religious denomination that insists constantly that civil officials shall be used throughout the length and breadth of the land in compelling the observance of the "Sabbath," a church in-stitution, and which in the summer of 1892 was in the very forefront with other great denominations of the country in in-timidating Congress into the enactment of a law declaring the day which they proclaimed to be the "Sabbath" to be, in-deed, the "Christian Sabbath," and en-forcing, in a specific instance, deference to it as such. Immediately following that it was the boast of the "Protestant" church-and-state element of the country, of which the denomination to which we refer was a most important part, that they had "learned that we [the church party] hold the United States Senate in our hands." There was a "most as-tounding" instance, indeed, of the use of statesmen and politicians by churchmen for an ecclesiastical purpose, and until the Methodists repudiate their part in that thing and cease their advocacy of state 