790 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY this special work and co-operated with the candy and cigar men in arranging to begin the movement, and, in connec-tion with them, secured G. S. Vail as business agent to take charge of the work. During the month beginning November 9 [1902] Mr. Vail sent word throughout the city that on and after Ł November 23 all who continued to sell candies and cigars on Sunday would subject themselves to prosecution. On the date named he went out with those he had arranged to help him and se-cured evidence against sixteen. The following week they were arrested, brought before the magistrate, and con-victed. The fine in these cases is the same as in barber cases, viz., $4 fine and $2.50 costs. It is our judgment that no movement in favor of Sabbath observ-ance was more needed in our city than this, and if the work is carefully and judiciously carried on, as it has been begun, it will be a complete success. Mr. Vail deserves much praise for the manner in which he has proceeded thus far, and we have perfect confidence in him." This "Sabbath-reform" crusade in Philadelphia during the past twelve months has been one of oppression and persecution not only in the sense in which any enforcement of Sunday laws is such, but has been so in an especial sense because of the shameless and out-rageous discrimination in the enforce-ment of the law. Well was it declared by Mr. Field in conclusion : "Persecu-tion and oppression breed contempt. The cause of religion is not advanced by such methods." Some of the Trials Mr. Field has written up and had published in the Philadelphia Item quite minute accounts of several of the whole-sale trials that have taken place in the course of this crusade. It will be worth while to present extracts from some of these accounts. The latest account that we have is a report of trials on November 25, from which we quote : Magistrate Thos. W. South had be-fore him twenty-six alleged violators of the Sunday law, many of whom were, as usual, old men and women, trembling with fear, as though a serious crime confronted them. These, however, were let off by the judge with the costs, $2.50. Even this, with the trouble they are put to, is disgraceful. Biddle and Hoover were the only witnesses. E. H. Koch, who keeps a bake shop at Thirteenth and York Streets, was quivering with rheumatism and ague when he approached the bar. Agent Hoover testified that he saw candy sold in Mr. Koch's shop. The shopkeeper said that the sale of candy brought him no profit, and that he kept his place open on Sundays only to supply bread to his neighbors. Mr. Vail extracted from him a promise that he would not sell candy again on Sunday, and the fine was remitted, the defendant paying $2.50 costs. Mrs. Martha Cavanaugh, of 1042 York Street, stood inside the bar, a picture of dejection, as evidence was presented to the effect that she had sold two cigars on Sunday. She was dressed cheaply, but neatly, in black, and her tear-stained face was framed in becoming gray hair. She silently ad-mitted the offense. She said that her principal business on Sunday was sell-ing newspapers. " Will you promise that you won't sell cigars again on Sun-day ?" asked Mr. Vail. In a low, pathetic voice the woman made the desired promise. Then she, too, was discharged upon payment of costs. . . . Agent Bid-dle testified that he saw a woman sell candy in Carl Schneider's newspaper and cigar shop, at 2462 North Seventh Street, to Agent Hoover, on Sunday. The defendant said his wife had sold candy on Sunday against his express command. "She forgot," he explained. "You had better tie a string around her finger, then," remarked the magis-trate. W. H. Dewees, a druggist, of 2501 North Eighteenth Street, pleaded guilty to selling cigars on Sunday. " Hereafter," he said, "I am going to get a doctor to prescribe them for my customers." " That will not save you," said the magistrate. Mr. Dewees would not promise to abstain from re-peating his offense, and paid the fine 4 