TRTh  offo 11 OF CilfRUSTIAM LEEZIR1777/7  VOL. 17 NEW YORK, APRIL, 1902 No. 5 The Origin of the State By Alonzo T. Jones THE first of all the commandments is, Hear, 0 Israel, The Lord our God is one Lord ; and thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy strength. This is the first commandment. "And the second is like, namely this, Thou shalt lelve thy neighbor as thyself. There is none other commandment great-er than these." "On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets." These two commandments exist in the very nature, and circumstances of exist-ence, of any two intelligent creatures in the universe. They existed thus in the existence of the first two intelligent creat-ures that ever had a place in the universe. When the first intelligence was created and there was no creature but himself ; as he owed to his Creator his existence, as he owed to God all that he was or could be, heart, soul, might, mind, and strength; it devolved upon him to render to God the tribute of all this, and to love God with all his heart, and all his soul, and all his mind, and all his strength. And this is the first of all the command-ments. It is first in the very nature and  existence of the first, and of every other, intelligent creature. But the second of these would have no place if there were but one intelligent creature in the universe; for then he would have no neighbor. But when the second one was created, the first of all the commandments was first with him equally with the other one; and now the second great commandment exists in the very nature and existence of these two intelligent creatures, as certainly as the first great commandment existed in the nature and existence of the first one. Each of the two created intelligences owes to the Lord all that he is or has, and all that he could ever rightly have. Neither of them has anything that is self-derived. Each owes all to God. There is between them no ground of preference. And this because of the honor which each owes to God; because to each, God is all in all. Therefore the second great commandment exists as certainly as the first; and it exists in the nature and cir-cumstance of the very existence of intel-ligent creatures. Consequently, "there is none other commandment greater than these." These two commandments, then, exist 