262 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Journal is replete with fiction and interesting articles. The number opens with the unique story of "The Sexton Who Ruled New York Society," by William Perrine. Neltje Blanchan begins a series of unusual articles about birds and their "personalities," and "The Dominie" tells an amusing story of his journeyings in Europe with two companions. Then there is the second installment of Miss Portor's "Those Days in Old Virginia," and a page of pictures of "Pretty Country Homes from $40o to $3,200." "His Mother" is a touching story by Kate Whiting Patch, and the fourth part of "The Russells in Chicago" shows more of the odd customs and character-istics of the "Windy City." Mr. Bok's edi- torial is written under the title "She Dasn't," and deals fearlessly with the woman who is afraid to come out and do things as she thinks they should be done. The special feature of the editorial section is Mr. Hamilton W. Ma-bie's first "Literary Talk." These talks will appear monthly hereafter. Other valuable arti-cles in the magazine, outside of the regular departments, are: "How to Have a Home Wedding," "Animated Silhouettes and other Games," and "The Literary Beginner," a col-umn of advice to young writers by Franklin B. Wiley. By the Curtis Publishing Company, Philadelphia. One dollar a year; ten cents a copy. Ł The publishers of the Life Boat, 28 Thirty-third Place, Chicago, will issue the April num-ber as the special prisoners' number that is an-nually sent forth for the special benefit of the inmates of the more than one hundred State prisons and reformatories of the country. The publishers expect to place a copy in the hands of every person in these penal institutions, and that even more than this may be accomplished, they make this suggestion and appeal to all who may read it: "This number will be jast as helpful to those who are confined in the local jails. Would you not like a number of copies for use in your county, city, and village jails? We will supply the April Life Boat for this purpose at a cent a copy. Send us your address at once that we may know how many copies we are warranted in printing. If there is any hesi-tancy on the part of the jail officials in permit-ting their distribution, assure them that the Life Boat goes to nearly all the State prisons and has the endorsement of all the leading prison officials in the land. Distribute these Life Boats yourself, if you can obtain permis- sion to do so; if not, let the jail officials do it, and the Lord will take care of the results." Address, The Life Boat, 28 Thirty-third Place, Chicago. Ł Every individual in this world influences some one person, and the greater we make ourselves the greater we make some one else.ŠMarch Ladies' Home Journal. Go at things that must be done with the feeling of an athlete, delighted at the chance of being able to try your strength. March La-dies' Home Journal. Ł Our days are comparatively few, and we live through each day only once. There-fore, it behooves us to make each day worth while.ŠMarch Ladies' Home Journal. "ROME IN PROPHECY 77 By Elder W. H. Littlejohn. "Complete power to be restored to the Papacy in the near future. The true church about to be subjected to another terrible persecution. Italy the sixth head of the prophetic beast of Rev. 17." Illustrated by several diagrams and the subjoined engraving, which are fully ex-plained. Cloth binding, postpaid, to any address in the Postal Union, 25 cents each; paper covers, 10 cents each. Direct all orders to the author at HUME, CALHOUN CO., MICH., U. S. A. AGENTS WANTED. 