210 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY It is easy to see how a policeman, as a policeman, may resist evil men, or even assume the aggressive in order to pre-vent violence reasonably expected. But the Christian is positively forbidden by his Master to resort to physical combat under any pretext. The United States Government, as an institution of the world, even in going so far as to interfere between another na-tion and its oppressed subjects, stands in a position very different from the United States Government in a Christian garb taking up arms even in self-defense. A human government is essentially of the world, being instituted solely for use in the world, because the world is separated from God and will not be governed by His law. Therefore we expect it to deal with those whom it is designed to con-trol, and to take such steps for the pro-tection of all whom it is designed to pro-tect as circumstances may demand or reason require. However, being of the world, and for the world. its legitimate sphere is limited to the world, in contra-distinction to the kingdom of Christ, which "is not of the world." But when a government professes to he Christian it virtually professes to have come out from the world, to have put away the ways of the world, to have be-come "a new creature," with a new nature and a new purpose. Professing to be Christian, it professes to fashion its life after the life of Christ, and to set up the Golden Rule as its standard of life. Professing to be Christian in principle, it is obligated to put away the principles of the world, to lay down carnal weapons, to love its neighbor as itselfŠyea, even its enemiesŠand when smitten on one cheek to meekly turn the other. This is the way the true Christian individual does, and the National Reformers have all along maintained that the nation is a moral person, amenable to the law of God as such. Therefore, while not as-suming to criticise the acts of the Gov-ernment in its legitimate sphere as a world power (and the best in the world), we have a right to expect, on its profes-sion of Christianity, that it will put away the ways of the world. The Government has no more right than an individual to misrepresent Christianity by a false pro-fession. Assuming for the nonce that "this is a Christian nation," and that its warfare on Spain and on the Filipinos was and is in line with "our national Christianity," what would be the nature of a "suitable exhibit" at such an exposition? True .Christianity cannot be put on exhibition in that way. Its good works are shown in ministering to the needy throughout the land. Its fruit is "love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, g o o d n es s, faith, meekness, temperance"; and these cannot be placed on ostentatious display. So. if we are to have a "Christian" dis-play on popular exhibition, it must needs be of "national Christianity," or of some other fictitious sort. In such an exhibit, patriotic pictures of the "Christian" conflict in which our nation has been engaged would be appro-priate, for ornamentation at least. War always includes all its adjuncts and inci-dents, and the government that assumes the responsibility of carrying on a war is deemed accountable for all the acts of its army. Before suggesting a picture to grace the "suitable exhibit" it is proper to call attention to the fact that it is "civilized warfare" that our "Christian nation" has been waging in the Philip- pines, and that "our national Christian-ity" is trying to impress the natives with the beauties of such profession through a "suitable exhibition" of it in their midst. 