EDITORIAL  117 or one nearly so good, will become Presi-dent of the United States in these days. Such language as this has in it the dis-tinct ring of the triumph of political Christianity ; and political Christianity is a great deal farther away from real Christianity than is ordinary, every-day heathenism. The Papacy Favors Sunday Enforcement What are called the Protestant denom-ination are not being left alone in the present battle for "the preservation of the Sabbath," or in other words the maintenance of enforced Sunday observ-ance. A leading Methodist paper boasts that the Roman Catholics are over-whelmingly in favor of maintaining the Sunday laws as they are, and from utter-ances that have recently come from Cath-olic sources this appears to be true. Archbishop Corrigan, at a recent gath-ering of all the priests of his diocese, ut-tered the following words which are be-ing repeated with a great deal of relish by many so-called Protestant ministers : "This country wants no 'Continental Sunday.' It is a matter beyond dispute that the decay of religion in Europe has coincided with and has been furthered by lax observance of the Sunday. The Catholic Church is far from being op-posed to legitimate recreation on Sun-day. But in the eyes of the church Sun-day is primarily the home day, the day of rest from the material ends of life, and of introspection and consideration of man's spiritual side. The great enemy of home is the saloon, and the greatest obstacle to spiritual contemplation is in-dulgence in intoxicating drink." In setting.  forth in the New York Journal the position of the Catholic Church on the question of Sunday sa- loons, Rev. A. P. Doyle, of the Paulist Fathers, of New York, says : "She [the Catholic Church] has been most out-spoken in her condemnation of any at-tempt to degrade the Sunday." He quotes from recent Catholic councils in this country, at which it has been "or-dered that liquor dealers 'should refrain altogether from selling liquor on Sun-days,' " and all Catholics have been di-rected, "without distinction, not ¥only to take no part in any movement toward a relaxation of the observance of Sunday, but to use their influence and power as citizens to resist in the opposite direc-tion ;" and at which, also, it has been counselled that "pastors and people co-operate heartily with the societies that are attempting `to put a check on the desecration of the Lord's day, and on the evil influences now striving for its total profanation.' " The stand taken by the, representa-tives of the Catholic Church in this mat-ter is just what might be expected. It is not to be supposed that the Papacy would desert her own institution at such a time, and were it not that there are so many "Protestants" striving for en-forced Sunday observance, she would doubtless be more active and pronounced in the matter than she is. The Rev. Mr. Doyle, in the article to which we have referred, emphasizes the point that Catholic priests have been ex-horted to admonish frequently Catholic liquor dealers "not to sell to drunkards and to minors, and to keep their liquor stores closed on Sundays." The Prot-estant churches in their zeal for the en-forcement of Sunday observance are rap-idly coming down to this plane of look-ing at matters. They, too, are exhorting liquor dealers to keep their liquor stores closed on Sundays, and from present in- 