maps = = = $2.50 104 pages = Cloth ADVERTISEMENTS. 59 ŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁ Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł probably no living man has made so exhaustive a study of history, with a Ł Ł Ł Ł 2'ie'w to the solution of present-day problems, as Alonzo Trevier Jones. Ł Ł Ł Ł With this object in mind he has made, for many years, most thorough Ł Ł search for each and every fact in the records of men and nations which will Ł Ł Ł Ł shed light on the questions, social and political, of to-day. The results of this Ł Ł Ł Ł study have been embodied by Mr. Jones in the books mentioned in the follow- Ł Ł Ł ing notices. We commend them to the careful consideration of every person Ł Ł  Ł who would be prepared to meet the crisis now confronting us. Ł Ł Ł Ł Ł ŁŁŁŁŁ OOOOO ŁŁŁŁŁŁ ŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁ SS  OOOOO  05-0ŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁ Empires of the Bible FROM THE CONFUSION OF TONGUES TO THE BABYLONIAN CAPTIVITY The origin of nations; the beginnings of kingdoms; the Egyptian Empire; the exodus and the kingdom of Israel; the rise of Assyria and Babylon; the fall and captivity of the Jewish Empire. This sketches the line of history considered in this book to the intent that the living may "know that the Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men." 410 pages, 21 maps. Bound in green cloth The Great Empires of Prophecy FROM BABYLON TO THE FALL OF ROME Babylon, Media and Persia, Grecia. The causes which led successively to the fall of one and the establishment of another, and finally to the establishment of Rome, first the Re-public and afterwards the Empire. Its per-secution of, and later its union with, the Christian Church, and the rocks upon which it was wrecked are given prominence, also its final division into the ten kingdoms. In these ten kingdoms are found the beginnings of the great nations of to-day. 712 pages, 22 full-page maps = $2.00 Buckram cloth Ecclesiastical Empire FROM THE FALL OF ROME TO THE PRESENT DAY The reign of ecclesiastical power during the middle ages forms one of the most important and interesting periods of history. That the church, established by the Saviour himself and fostered by his personal associates should, in so short a time, descend to such depths of in-famy, is a startling record, and worthy of serious consideration and study. Though covering oft-trodden ground, the matter pre-sented in this volume is new, interesting and valuable. After treating of the Reformation, the scene is transferred to the New World, where the beacon light of liberty, civil and religious, was reared. The closing chapter considers the national apostasy from republican principle of the present day, and its ten-dencies. 874 Pages, 5 Red cloth The Two Republics ROME AND THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA "The knowledge of it [history] is valuable only as it leads us to form just calculations with respect to the future."ŠMacaulay. With this idea in view, the author has presented a comparative study of these two nations. A proper understanding of the causes that led to the overthrow of the Roman Republic should enable us to avoid these mis-takes in our own country. Such knowledge is especially valuable as we see our nation drifting perilously near to the rocks of Imperialism. Ex-Senator W. T. Tolley, of Tennessee, says: "If I had ten thousand dollars to devote to the cause of popular intelligence and sound, wholesome reading, I would freely give it in aid of the circulation of this masterly work." The New York Sun says: "It seems as though it had left nothing unsaid which needed to be said on this subject." 896 pages, 67 illustrations Cloth, marble edges The Great Nations of To-Day Ten thrilling chapters trace the mighty events which have produced the great nations of to-day, and brought them to the position where they now stand, facing the woe of the seventh trumpet which will be "not only the shipwreck of nations, but of the great globe itself." The remaining thirteen chapters con-sider the "Third Angel's Message," which to-day calls all men to the keeping of the com-mandments of God and the faith of Jesus, that they may be delivered in the "time of trouble such as never was since there was a nation, that is now impending the great na-tions of to-day." 9 illustrations, 5 colored maps, Paper wrapper Christian Patriotism In view of the wide-spread corruption of government and the forsaking of republican principle, what attitude should the Christian assume toward his country? The principles of true "Christian Citizenship" are set forth. - = = = 40c $1,50 - $1.75 = 25c Pacific Press Publishing Company, 11 West 20th St., New York City. Kansas City, Missouri. Oakland, California, ŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁ 