SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 301 I day, because their employment is of a charac-ter to violate the Sabbath law. Must they also forego Saturday and Sunday amusements and healthful recreation, and especially so when there is no proof that others are substantially disturbed thereby? But, irrespective of the question of religion and the exception made in the statute about the laboring of persons of the Hebrew faith, does it accord with present ideas of liberality to draw the lines of Sunday restrictions as strictly as did the people in 18or, when the present law had its statutory origin? AŁ pre-dominating public sentiment is all-powerful in the enactment of statutes, and is a factor in construing and applying them. Many acts on Sunday are now tolerated as inoffensive that WG1C pursuea with rigor and punished severely when the present statute was originally en-acted. Fishing is one. To engage therein along our river front fifty and a hundred years ago was to invite arrest, conviction, and fine, as appears by the police court records of those times. Now thousands may be found each Sunday at favorite points along the river who fish from sunrise to sunset. Large fish-ing steamboats go to the fishing banks on Sun-days, carrying many thousands whose patron-age is solicited by advertisements in the daily papers. They are not disturbed. Carriage, bicycle, and automobile riding, and century runs may be pursued with impunity under all circumstances and during all hours of the day, so long as the statutory speed limit is not exceeded, which is the same on Sundays as on other days. Sunday excursion trains and steamboats take multitudes from our city during the spring, summer, and fall for all kinds of fun and frolic, including baseball, pitching quoits, throwing hammers, playing tennis or croquet, swimming, bathing, and un-restricted picnicing. Golf players go by thou-sand to nearby links on Sunday for enjoy-ment and exercise. Now, each of these forms of amusement is equally within the law or is equally inhibited by it. The New York World says " good sense, discretion, and an excellent inter-pretation of the spirit of the law and of the times " mark this decision, and the Brooklyn Eagle says : This is a judgment based upon a common-sense view of the case. . . . Judge Deuel strikes the keynote of the whole situation when he says that the neighborhood should  be the only complainant. Sabbath committees are all right in their way, but their way should not lead them into absurd endeavors to regu-late the Sunday recreation of individuals who are not offensive to the people by whom they are surrounded. . . . Let those who think that man was made for the Sabbath remember that there are not a few who believe that the Sabbath was made for man. Let observance committees regulate, if they can, the recrea-tions of the districts in which their members live and concede the same privilege to others elsewhere. Sunday ball playing, properly con-ducted, does no harm. On the contrary, it does much good. We comment on the decision else-where. Notwithstanding this decision three arrests on the charge of violating the Sunday law by ball playing were made at Olympia Field, Harlem, on April 19. The pitcher, catcher and man-ager were taken in hand as soon as the game began, but were promptly dis-charged by Magistrate Hogan the next day. The detectives testified that no ad-mission to the grounds was charged, but that contributions were accepted if of-fered, and that they had given ten cents each. On March 22 two fifteen-year old Brooklyn lads, who with other boys were playing ball at Baltic and Henry Streets, were arrested. The next morning they " were cautioned by Magistrate O'Reilly and discharged." O A " Sabbath Observance Association," composed of " six prominent ministers and as many laymen," was organized in Detroit, Mich., about the middle of April, for the purpose of waging " a determined fight," " in the courts if necessary," against Sunday ball playing and Sunday theatres. The laymen, whose names are withheld, " are understood to be men of means, and the fund that has been set aside for prosecuting the war is declared to be a generous one." Rev. George El-liott, a leader in the movement, declares that there is to be " no noise and bluster, but a good hard fight, meeting the viola- 