EDITORIAL 297 actually becoming protesters against this principle which lies at the very founda-tion of Protestantism. And even more thq,n this, the "liberal" and "advanced" theology, so strikingly prominent at this time, and which professes to be much farther removed from the errors of Ro-manism than Protestantism itself, ad-vances a theory that is scarcely distin-guishable from the doctrine that has for so long been held by the Papacy. And even still farther, this idea, varying slightly with the different viewpoint, pre-vails in the newer social and political philosophy which now predicts great changes and developments for society in the not distant future. According to this latter-day philosophy the social and political movement of which it speaks is the manifestation and the very essence and substance of true religion itself. To illustrate what has been said we will give one or two quotations. First we quote from a letter recently pub-lished in the Christian Advocate of this city, and which we suppose was written by a Methodist minister. It is fairly representative of the view that the large evangelical bodies are coming to take of this matter. A writer in the Advocate had declared with reference to the hold-ing of the next Methodist General Con-ference that "God's business should be done in God's house." Here is some-thing that that statement called forth : When did God retire from civic, material, and economic business? Has He no business in the state? Has He withdrawn from the Congress and other legislative halls? Has He taken Himself out of international questions? Is He no longer in commerce and in agricul-ture? Has He ceased to take sides in wars? Are His teachings to be ruled out of political economy and of political platforms? Where shall we draw the line that separates "God's business" from other businesses? The apostle Paul called the rulers of nations "God's ministers of state" (Rom. t3: 6, Roth- erham's translation). If civil rulers are still "God's ministers of state," then politics, in its highest and broadest sense, is still His busi-nes ; and, of course, the business of the church, and the sooner His ministers of the church and His ministers of the state come to recognize themselves as Łbrothers working in these two grand departments of His administration, sep-arate in functions, but allied in interests, neither to dominate the other, but both to be dominated by the Supreme Mind, to the accom-plishment of the one sublime purpose, the bet-ter it will be for all concerned in both fields. Both classes of ministers are under the same moral law, and will be held equally to an ac-count finally. Purity of action is enjoined upon both alike. In my opinion one of the most alarming signs of the times is this effort to separate re-ligion and civics from each other. What God has joined together let no man put asunder. To separate them is death to both. All compro-mises with sin in church or state damage both. If religion and politics will not mix, it is evi-dent that both did not come from above, for harmony is the order of things in that country. The ministers of the church have no more moral right to keep aloof from civic affairs than the ministers of the state have to ignore religion. As the tactics of West Point and An-napolis differ, but are, nevertheless, dominated by the same commander-in-chief for one grand, patriotic purpose, so the functions of the church and the state differ ; but, nevertheless, they are grandly correlated forces or agencies under the all-dominating Mind for the accom-plishment of the sublimest purposes of God. Let each master its own tactics, but be helpful to the other. Now the above is essentially identical with the Papal theory. The positions are the same. The intimation that both religion and politics came "from above," and are therefore joined together in their relation to God and constitute the two "grandly correlated forces or agencies under the all-dominating Mind for the accomplishment of the sublimest pur-poses of God," is identical with the Catholic position that both the church and the state were instituted in the be-ginning by God and appointed by Him to 