SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT _ This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the country in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed in the general articles and the editorial department. Three boys were recently arrested and fined at Vinton, Iowa, "for violating the Sunday law by shooting." The village council of Morristown, Minn., has passed an ordinance prohibit-ing the keeping open of barber shops on Sundays. The mayor of Pensacola, Fla., has an-nounced that every feature of the Sunday law will be enforced in that city during his term of office. An effort is being made to close the butcher shops in Canton, Ill., on Sun-days. The Peoria (Ill.) Journal speaks of it as "a spasm of virtue." Two butchers, one baker and a barber were recently arraigned before the police court in Buffalo on the charge of vio-lating the Sunday closing laws. The mayor of Rutland, Ill., has issued a proclamation ordering all business houses, saloons, meat markets, stores, etc., to close on Sundays hereafter. The Red Wing (Minn.) News reports that "the grand jury in Duluth has in-dicted the chief of police for not enforc-ing all the clauses of the Sunday law." The union butchers of Rochester, N. Y., have a committee out every Sunday "watching for violators of the new Sun-day law," and threaten the arrest of "all dealers caught in the act of selling meat." An agitation against Sunday opening of stores is being conducted by the Re-tail Merchants' Association of St. Joseph, Mo. Several arrests have been made. An Indiana paper says that "the right of a man to hunt on his own farm, in spite of the law against hunting on Sun-day, is being tested before Justice Stout in Indianapolis." The city council of Westmoreland, Kansas, has passed an ordinance provid-ing for the closing of all business houses on Sundays, including meat markets, restaurants and barber shops. The Winston (Minn.) Herald says "the barbers here have decided not to con-tinue to violate the State law in regard to keeping their shops open on Sunday, and after January I will close for busi-ness on each and every Sunday." The Barbers' Union in St. Paul, Minn., has employed a private detective to aid them in securing enforced closing of all barber shops on Sunday. Six barbers were recently arrested, tried and fined for following their calling on Sunday. The selectmen of Gardner, Mass., re-cently had their attention called to the "open violation of the Sunday law" by merchants of the place, and were re-quested, "in the way that seemed best to them, to secure a better observance of the Sunday law." 