EDITORIAL  105 ance demands it is to little purpose that they declare that they are perfectly free from all intolerant motives. The man who is arrested and imprisoned for working on Sunday, on the ground that the civil interests of society require and demand the suspension of all secular business and pursuits on that day, suffers just as flagrant an interference with his natural rights, and is as much the victim of religious intolerance, as if he were im-prisoned for not attending church or be-ing baptized on the ground that people who attended church and were baptized made good citizens. It is high time that sensible men were freeing themselves from the idea that any legitimate interest of society or gov-ernment is served and advanced by mak-ing honest labor a crime. In stating "the simple and fundamen-tal distinction" which it declares must be borne in mind by all who would avoid perplexity in understanding the decisions of the Supreme Court with re-gard to the insular possessions of the United States, The Outlook uses italics just as they are given in the quotation elsewhere. It was declared some time ago by many who saw the real meaning of the trend that had then set in that there would result such a condition as would make necessary the acknowledge-ment and recognition of this distinction "between subjects of the United States and citizens of the United States," and it was declared that such a condition would be a condition of imperialism. The Out-look scouted this prediction and anticipa-tion as but the emanation of groundless fears and diseased imaginations. Now it calls attention with particular em-phasis to the distinction that exists be-tween citizens of the United States aid  subjects'of the United States. This con-dition is a condition of imperialism, and we call attention to what The Outlook has said and does say for no other pur-pose than that it may be more plainly evident to the reader that such a condi-tion exists. This fact should be serious-ly borne in mind by every person, not for the purpose of finding fault with a single human being, but that every per-son may, for himself and for the benefit that he can be to others because of such knowledge, more clearly understand the present situation not only of this nation but of every nation of the world. Dr. Theodore L. Cuyler, of Brooklyn, the well-known clergyman and writer of helpful religious books, expresses him-self with regard to the Sunday opening of saloons in the Christmas number of The Evangelist of this city. The article is entitled "God's Day and the Ger-man's Beer," and its general character may be gathered from these statements ; "A conflict is waging in this city of Greater New York which, as the sailors say of a storm, 'will blow harder before it blows less.' It concerns one of the fundamentals both of civic morality and spiritual religion. God's Book and God's day are the two pillars on which Chris-tianity rests; everything that tends to un-dermine the Sabbath, undermines both church and commonwealth. God owns the one day in seven ; to steal it is a robbery of our Heavenly Father; it was `made for man,' not only for rest to his toiling body, but salvation for his im-mortal soul. In fighting against open dram-shops on God's day we have got to plant ourselves on this solid bed-rock, or we shall be overthrown. . . . To sacrifice the authority of God's day and the moral interests of multitudes simply that a German can have his lager fresh 