466 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY We will make no comment upon this matter now, except to say that at the pub-lic meeting under the auspices of the "Sabbath" Observance Committee of the Presbyterian General Assembly, held in this city on the afternoon of May i8, these words were read with evident great satisfaction by the chairman, who re-joiced at the prospect that "the Jews are going to give bp their Sabbath and come over and observe the rest day with us on the Sabbath;" and that Dr. Hirsch has also recently declared that the religion of Judiaism is a religion of this life and holds out no promise as to a life beyond this, and that therefore he did not want to preach any more funeral discourses. Ł Significant of a condition of things that is increasing rather than lessening, not-withstanding the roseate representations commonly made with regard to the pres-ent and the future, are these words which occurred in the report of the St. Louis grand jury which recently investigated the traction franchise bribery corruption in that city : Our investigation, covering a period of ten years, shows that with few exceptions no ordi-nance has been passed wherein valuable priv-ileges or franchises are granted until those in-terested,  in the passage thereof have paid the legislators the money demanded for action in each particular case. . . . The evidence shows us that there are in St. Louis men of seeming great respectability, directors in large corporations and prominent in business and social circles, who have not hesitated to put up money for the purpose of bribing through the assembly measures in which they were inter-ested. When called before our body some of these men have added to the offence of brib-ery the crime of perjury, and only escaped the ignominy attaching to their infamous conduct by reason of the fact that the evidence, though satisfying to our minds, would not be admissi-ble in the trial courts. Four of these men of "seeming great respectibility," two of whom were mil-lionaires, were indicted by the grand  jury. It is said that the St. Louis Cen-tral Traction Company distributed a cor-ruption fund of $25o,000 in securing a recent franchise, and afterwards sold it for $1,25o,000. A prominent journal asks why it is that such things do not startle the country and occasion more comment and denunciation than they do, and answers its own question with these significant words : "Because conditions in St. Louis are typical of conditions in many other cities and towns of the coun-try." Some are declaring that the only cure for such evils is "municipal owner-ship of public utilities." This might for a time work better, but it would not cure the evil. The evil is not in the system of managing things, but in the men who manage, and no new system will be able to produce new and incorruptible men. Not the least significant of the devel-opments of recent years in the United States is that of the assumption of ex-tra-judicial powers by the judiciary, popularly described as "government by injunction." The Springfield Republi-can says: The judge who has taken to himself the functions of lawmaker, law administrator and law prosecutor, as well as law interpreter, is a condition and not a theory at the present writ-ing. "Government by injunction" has already become a substantial growth, and as matters are now proceeding it will not be long before much of the administration of the law will be taken over from the duly constituted authori-ties into the hands of courts of equity. The ordinary machinery of the law is set aside without any warrant of law. We accordingly drift into a government not of law, but of men. "Government by injunction" has be-come notable in connection with conflicts between capital and labor, and has usu-ally been employed at the request of em-ployers in restraining and limiting the action of striking workmen. It has there-fore incurred the special enmity of labor. But recently it has reached out in an- 