T J. 164 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY The sway exerted over others by the spirit of self-exaltation is the most ignoble, the most terrible thing, of which the mind can conceive. It is the subjection by outward force of being to being; the domination of might re- gardless of right. It is a compulsive, coercive force; a cruel, terrifying, despotic power, which enfeebles and wastes away the spirit and force of all to whom its blight extends. It is twice cursed ; it curses him who oppresses as well as him who is oppressed. It enslaves, crushes, and destroys. It robs men of the free use of their faculties, narrows their natures, takes them out of their own hands, makes them the mere instruments of others' eleva-tion, and subjects their wills to the arbitrary will of another, who in such a case is always a despot and tyrant. The passion for this sort of power has been the great scourge of the earth. " This isŁ the sway which men grasp at most eagerly. To govern others has always been thought the highest func-tion on earth. To reign, to give laws, to clothe their wills with omnipotence, to annihilate all other wills, to spoil the individual of that self-direction which is his most precious rightŠthis has ever been deemed by multitudes the high-est prize for competition and conflict. The most envied men have been those who have succeeded in prostrating multitudes, in subjecting whole communi-ties to their single will. If any crime should be held up to unmeasured reprobation and placed by society beyond pardon, it is this of the lust of domi-nation. It has made the names of king and priest the most appalling in history ; for this power has been exerted most conspicuously and perniciously by these two classes of menŠthe priest, or minister of religion, and the civil ruler. Both have relied upon the same instrument, that is, pain or terror ; the first calling to his aid the torments and penalties of the future world and practising on the natural dread of invisible powers; and the latter availing himself of chains, dungeons, and gibbets in the present life. Through these terrible applications man has, in all ages and in almost every country, been made, in a greater or less degree, a slave and a machine; been shackled in his faculties, and degraded into a tool of others' wills and passions. There is no crime that has not been perpetrated for the strange pleasure of treading men under foot, of fastening chains on the body and mind. The strongest ties of nature have been rent asunder, her holiest feelings smothered, parents, children, brothers murdered, to secure dominion over man. The people have now been robbed of the necessaries of life, and now driven to the field of slaughter like flocks of sheep, to make one man the master of millions. Through this passion, government, ordained by God to defend the weak against the strong, to exalt right above might, has throughout all history been the great wrong-doer. Its crimes have thrown those of private men into the shade. The passion for dominion has inflicted more terrible evils upon the human family than all others." The power of this passion is the Dower of self-aggrandizement, of force, of despotism, of the Devil. 4- +++4 1 