150 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY "This is a lie." It must by some means or other defend itself from this accusa-tion, but it cannot do it by appealing to that which is true, for it is the truth that constantly pronounces it to be falseŠto be one of those miserable inventions that have been sought out in the departure from uprightness. Now the invention of which we have spoken is not a thing that has served its time in former ages and that has now gone out of existence. There have been times in the history of the world when it has created far more havoc than Ł.. does at the present time, but the thing itself is still very much alive. And just at present it manifests itself very plainly in the demand, which is all the tia e be-coming more pronounced in certain quarters, for the enforcement of Sunday observance. And this inventionŠthe promotion of religion by legal enact-mentŠleads to-day to the seeking out of many inventions in its defense. In the nature of things it is more necessary now than ever before that such an inven-tion, so foreign to what this age is sup-posed to stand for, should call to its aid every invention of subtlety and casuis-try that can by any possibility be made to seem to justify it. One of these inventions, to which we now desire to call attention, is the idea that legislative enactments are needed for the "protection" of days. We are told by different organizations that exist for this express purpose that there is urgent necessity for the "protection" of a day, that it must be "maintained," and that it must be "defended" against the encroachments of this, that and the other thing. This must be done by "organiza-tion and agitation, instruction by press, pulpit, and platform," and "the enforce-ment" of certain laws, and "the securing  of better legislation." We are warned by prominent ministers against the "breaking down" of this day, and are told by some enthusiasts that this con-stitutes "the most vital issue of they twentieth century." Now it seems to us that there could not be a more ridiculous or absurd idea than this very notion of the protection of a day, and especially of the protection of a day by legislative enactment. But right here the matter passes from the ridiculous to the serious. The strange spectacle is presented of men demanding that the legislatureŠthe StateŠthe ob-ject of the existence of which is the pro-tection of the rights of men, shall "pro-tect" a day at the expense of the rights of men; for the legislation demanded re-quires a suspension and a denial of some of the most intimate and essential of hu-man rights. But we return to the thought of the "protection" of a day by legislative enactment. We wonder how long it will be before societies will be organized for the "protection" of light and darkness, or the sun and moon? When such societies are organized they will certainly have as dignified and as rational an object in view as those that are now devoting themselves to the "protection" of a day. A day needs the protection of legislative enactments about as much as it needs the services of the tailor or the plumber. Now we are not trying to make this matter ridic-ulous. To us what we are here saying is sober truth, and we regard it as a mat-ter of sober importance that the essen-tial absurdity and nonsense of this idea, which is made to support a very serious evil, should be made as plain as language can make it. A strange feature of this demand for day "protection" is that it centers entire- 