92 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY agent is separated from God and exposed to errors, temptations, and sin, and as a result confusion and distrust, jealousies and evil surmising, superstition and un-godliness abound. Such a course de-stroys man's faith in God, and subjects bim all his lifetime to bondage. Human, bodily slavery is bad enough in all truth, but spiritual tyranny is infinitely worse. Anything, therefore, which tends to  break down man's sense of individual re-sponsibility to God, and to make him the slave of men, belongs to the mystery of iniquity. That which establishes in man a sense of his personal responsibility to God, and frees him from the fear of man and from human servitude, is the gospel; for that teaches men to fear God, and pro-claims liberty throughout all the world to all the inhabitants thereof. A Manifesto from Ontario's Sunday-Law Champions By G. B. Thompson (Hamilton Ontario) HE " Lord's Day " Alliance has is- 1 sued the following manifesto through the press concerning the present status of Sunday legislation in Ontario, and outlining the intentions of the Alliance for the future: We of the Lord's Day Alliance, as well as the general public, are indebted to the press for the excellent reports given of the Privy Council's decision re the Lord's Day Act of Ontario. They have been full and reliable. To the general reader, however, the headlines, and indeed the words of judgment itself, are likely to convey a seriously misleading idea ,of the situation resulting, unduly discouraging to the friends, and likely to embolden the enemies, of our Canadian Sabbath. It is perfectly true that the whole Lord's Day Act as it is found in R. S. 0., 1897, -chap. 246, has been declared ultra vires. But that, happily, does not mean that we have not left any legal protection against the inroads upon the integrity of the Lord's Day that greed and selfishness and ungodliness are -ever ready and eager to make. 5. The ante-confederation Sunday law of Upper Canada remains in force. This was the act of 5845, whose provisions will be read with the more interest since they include the law " that remains and cannot be shaken " by any Privy Council decision. The Dominion parliament alone has power to tamper with its prohibitions. It states that it is unlawful for any merchant. tradesman, artificer, mechanic,  workman, laborer or other person whatsoever, to sell or to publicly show forth or expose or offer for sale, or to purchase any wares, merchandise, goods, chattels or personal prop-erty or any real estate whatsoever on the Lord's Day, or to do or exercise any worldly labor, business or work of their respective ordinary callings upon that day, except con-veying travelers or the mails by land or water, selling drugs, medicines and such other work of necessity; also works of charity. It is un-lawful also, in the terms of this act, on that day, for any'-one to " tipple or permit tippling in any inn, tavern, grocery or house of enter-tainment, to revel or to publicly exhibit oneself in a state of intoxication, to brawl, or use profane language, in the public streets or open air, to create a riot, disturbance or annoyance to her majesty's peaceable subjects." It is, moreover, unlawful to " hold, convene or at-tend any public, political meeting on the Lord's Day." Then it is unlawful for anyone on the Lord's Day to " play at skittles, ball, football, rackets or any other noisy game, or to gamble, or to run races on foot or on horseback, or in vehicles of any sort." " Bathing in public places, hunting, shooting and fishing " are also unlawful, and all sales and agreements made on Sunday are to be void. The penalty for contravention of the act is the same as that imposed in the Ontario act just disal-lowed, not more than $40 nor less than $1., and in default of payment, imprisonment for not more than three months. The only important portions of the Ontario 