SOME THOUGHTS ON RELIGIOUS FREEDOM  673 manent diplomatic relations between the Vatican and Washington. It is too early to prophesy as to results or the ulterior purpose of the papal power in this mat-ter. But it is not too early to see that influence and prestige are accumulating in favor of that power in the United States, and that our new territories in  the West Indies and in Asia have opened and will yet open many new avenues along which Rome will add to the influ-ence and power already possessed. Be-yond that one may not now determine as to final results. But that Rome means to secure temporal power in some way, there can be no doubt.ÑSabbath Recorder. O Some Thoughts on Religious Freedom By the Editor RELIGIOUS freedom is not simply a matter of the separation of church and state. Religious freedom is the free action of the conscience of the individual in matters of religion, and the individual has a natural and absolute right to this freedom so long as he does not invade the rights of others. Religious freedom is denied and trampled upon whenever the conscience is intimidated in any manner whatever; whenever any influence swerves it from the course of free choice and action. The power of government is by no means the only influence which can abridge the freedom of conscience and trample upon religious liberty, al-though it is of course the most natural and effectual means to that end, and has always been the great instrument of persecution. But to get at just what religious intol-erance and tyranny is we must go back to that from which springs legislative and governmental intolerance. Its source is the intolerant spiritÑthe dis-position which refuses to freely accord to others, not simply in law but in thought, the right to think and act as they choose in matters of conscience and religion. Although this spirit no longer manifests itself as formerly in the legislation of the nations of the world, it is not dead,  and it never will die so long as this world is inhabited by the race to which Cain and Abel belonged. This spirit can manifest itself in many ways. Originally it deliberately slew its victim without form or ceremony ; for then there was no government to sanc-tion the deed and make it "legal." But since that time, in abundant instances, as the world is wofully aware, have such deeds been sanctioned in the name of law and religion. But, thank Heaven, at present that is chiefly a thing of the past; and there are those who tell us that it is forever in the past. So may it be. But until the spirit which seeks to in-jure men, which seeks to ostracise them, which seeks to intimidate them in any manner whatever, because of their opin-ions, is dead, we cannot be certain that religious freedom is safe so far as gov-ernment is concerned, for it is from this very thing that governmental tyranny in religion springs. We heard the state-ment made the other day that the Inqui-sition still existed; that while men were no longer burned with fagots in the pub-lic squares, they were burned with mis-representation in the public press. There is truth in this, though of course there is also exaggeration. The spirit of intoler-ance can manifest itself in burning sen- 