THE MASSACHUSETTS HEARING 217 their side, are both just and strong. Even the criminal consents to their justice. The thief and the murderer know that they ought to be restrained. But the laws that invade the rights of man by petty distinctions that have no basis in natural rights, such as Sunday laws which permit the sale of tobacco and cigars, but for-bid the sale of soda water, etc., are unjust and weak. They are often thoughtlessly broken. But, having broken them, the young man is haled before the courts and disgraced by fines or imprisonment, and so often discouraged and started on the road to real crime. Such laws are themselves criminal. In conclusion I wish to speak briefly of the five so-called civil ar-guments for Sunday legislation. i. It is argued that the Sabbath law is writ-ten in the physical nature of man; that the observance of one day in seven as a day of rest is a physical necessity, and that, therefore, the state has a right, for civil reasons, to en-force this rest. This is an assumption that can never be proven. Some men work so little on week days that it could not injure their physical health to work some on Sunday. But, admitting this assumption, is the state the guardian of the physical health of the indi-vidual citizen, and that regardless of his own volition? It is a fact that it is necessary to take a bath once a week in order to be healthy. Shall the state enforce the taking of this bath, providing its public bath-house, and re-quiring that every citizen shall bathe there each week? Hygienic food is essential to health. Shall the state provide a menu for all its citizens and enforce it upon them? Many eat too much for their health. Shall the state restrict their diet by law? The government that enters upon this road will find no place to stop short of complete paternalism. The state may make laws against harmful adulterations and certain regulations necessary to the public health, but liberty demands that the individual shall determine his own actions so long as he does not injure another, even though he may choose to do that which will injure him-self. 2. Those who observe the first day of the week say that they have a civil right to have the day quiet, and that this right should be protected by civil law. The reply is that any public meeting, religious or otherwise, on Sun-day or on any other day, should be protected from needless disturbance, and there are laws for this purpose. If they are not adequate they should be made so. Laws to prevent need-less noise on a crowded city street every day  in the week would be civil laws. But it is clear that is not simple noise that disturbs the Sunday observer. Nothing in all the week makes more noise than the Sunday morning church bells. This does not disturb because it is thought to be, a very pious noise. But just when all the air is filled with the clamor and clanging of the near-by church bells, let the Sunday observer barely hear the report of a gun in a far distant woods, and immediately he is greatly disturbed. The evident reason why is that the report of the gun is thought to be a very impious, a very wicked noise. My friend here, Mr. Gibson, from Everett, was engaged not long since in the not very noisy occupation of painting his barn on Sunday, and this so disturbed a neighbor that he .had him arrested and fined. It could not have been the noise that caused this disturbance. It is the shock to the religious prejudice, a purely mental disturbance, and a disturbance because of religious belief. While they call it " civil legislation," these Sunday-law people really want the state to protect their religious be-lief and prejudice from shock. This is what the zealot and persecutor has wanted in all ages. 3. We are told by the Sunday-law advocates that a man has a right to rest one day in seven, and that the civil law should protect that right. If this is all that is wanted, they should support this bill, for it provides for the protection of that right. But the right to rest is no greater.  than the right to work, and one right must not be protected by denying another equally sacred. Compulsory Sunday rest laws on the pretense of protecting an in-herent right, absolutely deny and nullify an-other inherent right. One is reminded, of the Sunday bill introduced into the national legis-lature by Mr. Breckenridge, of Kentucky, a man not so religiously popular now, although then almost canonized by the religio-political workers. The title of this bill was, " A bill to prevent people from being forced to work on Sunday." The bill was in reality a bill to force people not to work on Sunday. In pretending to protect a right it took away a right. The Constitution of the United States guarantees that " neither slavery nor involun-tary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States." No man is compelled to work on Sunday in this country. Mr. Crafts, the very chief of the Sunday-law champions, declares that he never knew a man who lost a job by con- 