204 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY in New York. When the opposition first showed itself the New York School Journal remarked that in view of the fact that musical entertainments in the way of organ concerts and otherwise are given in many churches and in Y. M. C. A. halls on Sundays, " we fail to get the full force of the contentions raised by the opposing members of the New York Presbytery "; and the Ethical Record made this very sensible comment : Mr. Jacob Riis has said that " the first day of the week in New York City was often not the Lord's Day, but the Devil's day." This statement he made to a number of ministers. It was a pity that these gentlemen did not catch the full significance of his meaning. It seems as if some of the clergymen of New York City do not yet appreciate the Sunday situation, since some of them have been op-posing the opening of the schoolhouses for music on that afternoon. This, fortunately, is not true of all of them, for some have at-tended, and have expressed their approval of the concerts which are being given every Sun-day afternoon at Public School No. 33. In allowing this school to be opened, the board of education has made a beginning of the Sunday opening of the schools, which, if properly carried on, may make possible the Sunday closing of saloons. Until we have more such Sunday openings of places where refined pleasures may be enjoyed, it will never be possible to have a true sabbath, to create which is the earnest effort of those who are working for the betterment of New York City. Let us look facts in the face. People will not spend the day in church. The homes of the tenement-house people are such that they will not spend the time there. Where will they go? Here is the opportunity for father,. mother, and children to spend at least a. pleasant and quiet hour together in a well-warmed and well-lighted room, while they listen to pleasing music, which is often ex-plained and commented upon by the perform-ers. Which is betterŠmusic, or saloons and' gambling? Is secular music on Sunday an,  evil? About that there is a question. Are drunkenness and gambling evils? That is a matter about which there is no question. If the reverend gentlemen have time and effort to spend, let them attack the real evil. Is it not strange that we should find clergy in this. day and age spending their time trying to stop a concert on Sunday, when drunkenness, gambling, and vice demand all the time and energy they have to spare. But when and where has it ever been the case that theologians in seeking to. conserve " morals and religion " by dic-tating to and compelling others, have addressed themselves to a real, genuine evil ? It is a fact which testifies most strongly against it that every attempt by churchmen and theologians in the past to conserve morals and religion by law has been an attempt to prevent what was. not evil and to enforce what was not good. It is high time that the world* was seeing the last of all such attempts. In setting forth in his eulogy on the Pope what " the patient statesmanship of Leo" has accomplished in the affairs of nations, the Jesuit orator at the cele-bration in St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York on March 3, " Father " Thos. J. Campbell, uttered these words that should be of special interest to Americans : Finally, our own country has had its expe-rience of his influence; for it was his gentle forbearance, that never uttered, nor permitted to be uttered, a word that would wound or offend, which has so skillfully guarded diplo-matic relations with a proud and victorious people that the wild clamors of religious  fanaticism have been quelled and the un-worthy aims of designing politicians have beenŁ thwarted, while he, the great Father of Chris-tendom, with absolute trust in the fearlessness and keen sense of justice of our great Chief Executive, as well as in the honor of our people, serenely legislates for the religious government of the new possessions, and gives-an assurance that the Catholics of the Philip-pines shall be the most devoted supporters of the American Republic. This utterance will bear considerable study, and the very best aid to be found' anywhere in studying it are the articles by Alonzo T. Jones now appearing in THE SENTINEL. 