EDITORIAL ci that the courts have defined the freedoiri of religious belief guaranteed by the Con-stitution to mean not only freedom of faith but freedom of conduct in following out that faith so long as the liberty and rights of others are not invaded? Re-ligious liberty means that so long as an individual does not invade any right of others he is to be absolutely free from interference in obeying the dictates of his own conscience in the profession and practise of religion. And it means also that no religious belief or practise can ever of itself be considered an invasion of the rights of others, however diverse such belief or practise may be from their own ; and that no religious belief or prac-tise can ever of itself afford the slightest ground for the denial or invasion of even the least of the rights of any human being. And is it not thus that freedom of religious belief is understood and de-fined by American courts ? It seems that the successor of the late Archbishop Corrigan of New York holds just as strongly as did his predecessor to the logical Roman Catholic attitude con-cerning the matter of religious instruc-tion in the public schools. At a reception in New York on the evening of January 8, which was attended by " many promi-nent members of the Catholic clergy and laity of the city," Archbishop Farley, ac-cording to the newspaper reports, said this among other things on the same point: Christianity must be taught in all of the public schools or this great and glorious na-tion will go back to paganism. Everything points to that end. Those inside and outside of the Church who were opposed to Christian training in the schools have been converted to our way of thinking by the rapid and alarm-ing growth of infidelity. At many of the great educational centers, Harvard, Yale, Cornell and other great universities, they are planning to stem this tide of infidelity by introducing the Christian teachings of faith and morality. We wonder if the sort of " Christian teachings " that are inculcated at these universities are just the " Christian teach-ings " that the Archbishop is desirous of having taught in the public schools, and which he would like to have taught to Roman Catholic children in the public schools. There is a movement on foot to.  secure a larger allowance of public money for the Roman Catholic schools in New York City. The Sunday Question in Winnipeg LAST spring the legislature of Mani-toba, Canada, authorized the city of Win-nipeg to decide for itself, by a vote of the electors, whether or not Sunday street-car service should be inaugurated in that city. The question came to vote on December 9, and the proposition for Sunday cars was defeated by a majority of less than 30o votes out of a total vote of 4,200. From the first the proposition was strong-ly opposed by the Lord's Day (Sunday) Alliance and clergymen and church leaders generally, and we should judge from a notice headed " The Sunday Street-Car Victory," which appeared in the Winnipeg Free Press of December 13, that these forces were heartily seconded by at least one of the newspapers of the city. This notice was prefaced with these words from i Cor. 15 : 57 : " Thanks be unto God who giveth us the victory." It began thus : " Christians in Winnipeg and throughout the province should rejoice and give thanks to God for the moral victory won at the polls on Tuesday last in the defeat of the Sunday car by-law." Another statement was : " This victory will be a stimulus to all Christians and well-meaning people to persevere in their fight against evil in its various forms." According to a correspondent who writes us from Winnipeg this stimulus is likely to produce a general Sunday enforcement 