712  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY It is reported from Rome that the Vati-can has at last decided definitely "to send the Most Rev. Diomede Falconio, the Apostolic Delegate for the Dominion of Canada, to Washington as Papal Dele-gate in the United States." Falconio is an Italian, is sixty years of age, and has been a member of the Franciscan order of friars since 186o. He came to the United States in 1865, and was for a number of years president of a college of his order in Allegany, N. Y. He subse-quently became procurator-general of the Franciscan Order in this country. This last dispatch relative to his appointment as "Apostolic Delegate" carefully states that it was during "his residence in Alle-gany that Monsignor Falconio became a citizen" of the United States. The impli-cation seems to be that citizenship in this country is a necessary qualification for the papal "Apostolic Delegate" to this country. Since diplomatic relations are not yet regularly established, no doubt the purposes of the Papacy can best be advanced at Washington by having there a representative who is an American citi-zen as well as "Apostolic Delegate." ¥ While strongly in favor of the Sunday closing of the St. Louis Exposition, the New York Christian Advocate, in com-menting on the matter, pays this comple-ment ( ?) to the great "reform" force that has taken the lead in agitating to that end : One would think that the "Reform Bureau" was really the greatest power now in existence in this country if he did not watch it closely. That it is of value in agitation is conceded, but it would be much more so if it were not for the peculiar darning-needle, hit-or-miss activity of Dr. Crafts, his frequent statements that have more force of assertion than accuracy, and the tiresome iteration of his claim that everything that is done is the result of his action, and his flippant way of speaking of all with whom he differs. The characteristics here mentioned are those that one would naturally expect to see displayed by a "Christian" lobbyistÑa man who assumes that civil government belongs entirely to "Christians" and that it exists chiefly for supporting and en-forcing their religious practies and ideas. At Havana on September 20, President Palma, of Cuba, who is very kindly dis-posed toward the United States, ex-pressed himself thus to a correspondent of the New York Tribune: It will be a source of gratitude and rejoicing for the Cuban people when the American troop's are all withdrawn, and I hope it will be soon. They are not needed. Their presence has a bad moral effect. It looks to some as though the United States Government has no confidence in the Cubans to maintain peace and govern themselves. I don't want to be misunderstood. We are grateful to the Ameri-cans, but the people cannot feel free with American soldiers all around them. With all its boasting of having given liberty to the Cubans the United States has not yet evacuated the island and has not given the Cubans what was promised them when the Platt amendment was forced upon them. No wonder President Palma is obliged to say, in spite of his own most earnest feelings, no doubt, that "the people cannot feel free." In connection with reference to Decoration Day and the Fourth of July, President Roosevelt declared in a recent address that "among the holidays which commemorate the turning-points in American history, Thanksgiving has a 'significance peculiarly its own." We do not know exactly what the President may have meant, but we know that Thanks-giving Day has a peculiarity all its own as an American holiday in that it com-memorates no event in the history of the nation and is made the occasion of an act 