SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 685 right they may claim to justify it. Compel people to keep a day holy! Force them to devote a prescribed, a given time to religious duties! What an incongruity in terms! The absurd-ity of the position is equalled only by  the futility of the attempt by statute law to consummate it. Constraint de-stroys the virtue of any act. Men may be induced to become hypocrites ac-cording to statute law; but no statute law can force them to be religious. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the it ems in most instances must he a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. 0 0 0 0 0 It is reported from Northville, Mich., adjacent to Detroit, that "the gun club has decided to have arrested every man found in this vicinity on a Sunday with a gun in his possession." " A crusade against Sunday shav-ing " has been started by the journey-men barbers of Milwaukee, Wis. At a mass-meeting held on September 28 " plans were made to start a campaign that will close all the barber shops in the city on Sunday." It is reported from Peoria, Ill., that " a general Sunday-closing movement has been inaugurated." It is expected that all the clothing stores, barber shops and meat shops will be closed, and " the ministers are hopeful of closing all theaters on Sunday." A Sunday-enforcement movement was recently on at Mena, Ark. The drug stores, livery stables, news stands, meat markets and other places were compelled to remain closed on Sunday, and even milkmen were prohibited from supplying their customers. The Winston (N. C.) Sentinel of Octo-ber 8 contained this item: " Tom Hege, who is a Seventh-day Adventist and observes Saturday instead of. Sunday as a day of rest, was fined $1 and charged with theŁcost by Mayor Eaton recently for selling watermelons on Sunday. Tom refuses to pay the fine on conscientious principles, and thus the matter hangs." A Sunday-closing-enforcement move-ment is on at Bridgeport, Conn. On Sunday, October 18, most of the clergy-men made the matter the subject of their discourses, and it was declared by some that an effort would be made to secure the enactment of more Sun-day legislation at the next session of the legislature. Hudson Mosby, a negro barber of Memphis, Tenn., was arrested on Sep-tember 27 " for shaving people on Sunday," and was to be tried before the recorder on the following morning. " There is an ordinance in Memphis that prohibits barbers doing any work on Sunday, but Mosby either did not know it or did not deem that the law would be enforced." This is said to be the first arrest for the violation of the ordinance since its enactment. The case of the State of Ohio vs. Wm. Black, which came up in the probate court, at Bowling Green on October 7, was dismissed on motion of the county prosecutor, the instigators of the prose-cution having failed to give security for the costs. This case had grown out of a Sunday-enforcement campaign against ball playing carried on during the past summer by the Bowling Green "law and order" forces, led by Rev. Stewart C. Wright, and Black was charged with having unlawfully en-gaged in and abetted the playing of baseball on Sunday. A friend in Clintonville, Conn., sends 