THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 483 PUBLIC SCHOOL TRAINING IN PATRIOTISM. AN amusing but instructive article relating to this subject appears in McClure's Magazine for July. The author, Marion Hill, describes an investigation he was led to make into the nature of the instruction derived by young pupils in the public schools from various patriotic songs and exercises in which the children in the public schools are commonly drilled. The surprising results of this investigation, which may fairly be assumed to speak for the public schools in general upon this point, reveal a radical defect in a feature of public-school training usually regarded with pride by the school teacher, and from which much is hoped by patriotic elders impressed with the importance of inculcating patriotism in the young. There is evident in the minds of the gen-eration into whose hands has fallen the control of public affairs in this country, a woeful lack of appre-ciation of American principles of free government; there is such a failure in this respect as is resulting in a transition from republic to empire, and who can tell how much might have been done to avert this dire result if the meaning of these shining prin-ciples of right and justice and the love of them had been earnestly taught in the public schools? But, as shown by the article to which we refer and from which we now quote, the mere empty forms of patriotism have been mistaken for the vital sub-stance: "A few nights ago, at a home dinner party, one gentleman present, having occasion to quote a few lines of 'America,' bungled amazingly, as is usual in such attempts, and had finally to desist through ignorance. Seeking for help among his fellows he found that they, too, knew but little more of the song than the opening lines. Amidst the comments aroused by this not unprecedented incident the host's ten-year-old daughter volunteered to help the big folks out, and did so by correctly reciting all the verses. In response to flattering questions, she said that she had been taught the song at school. With pardonable pride she added, I will write it for you, if you like.' " Of course we liked, and we furnished her with quieting paper and pencil; and then straightway began to forget her in our vigorous volleys of praise anent the whole-heartedness of public-school educa-tion. But she again brought herself to notice by shortly presenting us with the following lines, very prettily written, and, as may be seen, intelligently titled and put into verse form: America:" " My country, tissuf the " Sweet land of libaet tea, " Of thee I sing. " Land where my father died, Land where the Pilgrims pried, " From ev'ry mountain side, " Let fridmen ring. " My native country the " Land of the noble free, " Thy name I love. " I love thy rots and chills, "Thy woods and temper pills, " My heart with ratcher thrills Like that above." " Mingled with our amusement was consternation, for this little girl was not only more than ordinarily intelligent, but was also a remarkably good speller, and when she wrote rots and chills' she most cer-tainly meant nothing less than the indicated putre-factions and ague. " In connection with what follows, this point of spelling is an important one to note. Had the child been stupid and backward, her rendering of My country' would have been no menace to patriotism, for when a little American bubbles over in hymns to liberty, and means liberty even while writing libaet tea,' the moral exaltation is not impaired in the least, but this child knew enough to spell liberty correctly had she wanted to use the word. It behooved us, then, to find out what on earth she did mean; so to that end we questioned her, and in giving her e-plies, we call attention to their unfailing intel en and directness, even where she was most at f " What is " libaet tea "? ' " One of our imports, I guess, from China.' " And what is " tissuf "? ' " I don't know. " What do you think it is?' " Maybe it is to fill out the line. Poetry ha; so thing that is called meter; maybe " tissuf " makes right meter.' " What do you mean by " pried "? ' " Why, pry means to come where you are not asked to come.' This with a tinge of pity for the ignorance that could ask such a question. " Then the. Pilgrims pried into America? ' "'Yes; I think so. Nobody invited them.' "` What is " fridmen "? ' " I don't know. I have thought that over, and can't make any sense to it.' " Why do you love " rots and chills "? ' " I don't.' " But you say here that you do.' " Oh, I don't say it; it's the poetry says that.' 