824 THE, SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY have brought the present status on the Sabbath question and the Sunday law is the fact that Protestants have not been true to their own pofessions in the case. Historically and logically, Sunday legislation belongs to the state-church system, and to the idea of church authority as embodied in the Roman Catholic Church. Protestants denied this doctrine of church author-ity, and logically, if not actually, the state-church idea. But, with the excep-tion of the Seventh-day Baptists, they retained, -or returned, to the Catholic position, and so renewed Sunday legis-lation, as we have already noticed above. The progress of religious liberty and the coming of the twentieth century have discarded the state-church idea still further, and hence one reason for the decay f Sunday laws. With ad-vancing ideas as to how far the state, or society, in the aggregate, may legis-late concerning personal actions, the decay of Sunday legislation has been inevitable. The best sentiment of these years accords with the truth set forth by the late John Stuart Mill, that civil law must not coerce individual action, nor curtain individual liberty, until that action becomes definitely antago-nistic to the general good. No wonder that a law which makes a man a crim-inal because he sells an apple on Sun-day has decayed before the truth con-cerning individual rights. The Sunday law has decayed because it creates an artificial standard of crime, instead of dealing with actual crime. Almost every act now punished under the Sun-day law of Pennsylvania is held to be wholesome, and helpful to society and the commonwealth, except on a given twenty-four hours. To make a shoe or sell a coat, up to 12 o'clock on Sat-urday night, is praiseworthy ; to do the  same thing, one minute later, is a crime under the Sunday law. He must be bigoted indeed who dares to claim that the lapse of one minute changes whole-some transactions into crimes, and that twenty-four hours later another min-ute by the clock restores them to wholesomeness again. Such a bur-lesque and perversion of justice ought to decay soon under the sunshine of the twentieth century. That this law must be enforced by spies and through deceit is another evidence of its decay. Meanwhile regard for Sunday among Christians has decayed. Representa-tives of all the leading denominations declare that regard for Sunday has declined, and that Christians are largely responsible for the present situation. When the church regarded Sunday strictly, Sunday laws were operative and the decline of regard for that day, on the part of Christians, is a definite factor in the decay of Sunday legisla-tion. What can and should be done : 1. Remand the whole Sabbath ques-tion to the domain of religion and con-science, where it belongs.. 2. If employed persons need protec-tion from the exactions of employers, give them protective rest for one day, as they may choose. If a man desires to work every day the law has no right to interfere, any more than it has to forbid him to eat too many fried oys-ters after midnight. 3. Break up all legal equality be-tween legitimate business and saloons, brothels, gambling dens, and the like, and treat them as crimes per se. Out-law them on all days, and cease the folly of assuming that they are worse on Sunday than at other times. Above all else, cease to enforce idleness by law, which feeds the streams of evil results that such places produce. A Philadelphia clergyman says : "Get evidence against cigar stores and candy dealers, and the Lord will bless you." It may be that the Lord will, but it seems as if He would be more inclined to bless some other sorts of business.  The people against whom accusations have thus far been brought are mainly small dealers to whom the Sunday sales are an important part of their business. Inasmuch as it cannot be reasonably claimed that the buying of candy and 