SOME SUNDAY-ENFORCEMENT EXPERIENCES IN HAMBURG 611 twenty-four hours has not been previously en-joyed. Thanking you for any kindness you may show us in this matter, we remain, most hum- , bly, [SIGNED] Thus much for the appeal. April 30 of this present year was appointed for the hearing. In the meanwhile the best attorney obtainable in the city was em-ployed to investigate the case, and thus he stated the results of his researches : After investigating the law because of the transgression of which order for punishment has been issued against you, I find that para-graph 105 b, of the trades regulations, pro-vides in general that on Sundays and holidays laborers shall not be employed in any kind of business in factories or workshops. These provisions are universal, applying to employ-ers as well as their employees, of every re-ligious confession, except as specified in para-graphs 105 c, 105 f, and 105 i, of said trade regulations. But these exceptions refer only to works of necessityŠkeeping watch of build-ings, carrying on commerce, operating beer-gardens, and so on ; but this is not at all ap-plicable to your case. There is no doubt, therefore, that your work is strictly prohibited by the law; and the fact that the workmen do not labor on Saturday does not affect the matter, for even if the employer permitsŁ his employees to rest on another day of the week, yet he is prohibited from letting them work on Sunday. The law will positively have it so. Therefore, so far as the law is concerned, I think it is altogether useless for you to at-tempt to evade the execution of the order for punishment, as the court must cling to the law and to that alone, and cannot listen to your protest. However, it probably would not be best for you to withdraw your protest, lest the court have grounds for proceeding against you because of another offense. It is my judgment that nothing short of a change in the trades regulations will make it possible for you to work on Sunday, as here-tofore, as the law stipulates that neither the federal government nor the Hamburg Senate may allow any exceptions to the enforcement of its requirements concerning Sunday work. Finally, I will point out this one thing which might help you somewhat for the time being: the prohibitions of paragraph 105 b, of the trades regulations, refer only to working in  factories and workshops, so that if there is anything the employees could do by the piece in their own homes they might receive pay for that. However, an agreement whereby workmen would bind themselves to work on Sunday in their own dwellings for a specific daily wage would not be effective; but you could probably give your employees some work for which they might get paid by the piece, that could be done at home on Sunday. April 3o was the date appointed for the hearing, but before the case came up the judge kindly asked that the protest be withdrawn, as, he stated, such an ap-peal would be absolutely fruitless, for, even were he and his colleagues of the same religious persuasion as the defend-ants, it would be impossible for them to do otherwise than enforce the plain let-ter of the law. The fine, he stated, had been made as low as possible (it was only $2.50 with 6o cents costs for each person employed), and it would be much wiser for the publishing house to grace-fully submit to the inevitable. The only recourse would be for the defendants to appeal to the law-making body, the Reichstag, that they might be granted an exemption clause in their favor. Feel-ing that such a step would not be wise at this time, and realizing the helpless-ness of their case, the appeal was with-drawn, the fine paid, and the five-hour demands of the law complied with, the employees working one hour longer on each of the other five working days so that they might lose no time. It is doubtless true that the framers of this law intended only good to come therefrom, but it must be evident to all that its enforcement works hardship and injustice to the small minority, it may be, who do not happen to have the same re-ligious convictions in this matter as the majority. This is what always follows when civil rulers attempt to legislate in things pertaining to religious festivals and holidays. 