140 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY agents, un-Christian and dishonest, sneak around to grab those who cannot defend them-selves ! Secretary Timm, of the German-American Alliance, said : The very people who stand here to-day arguing against a modification of the anti-quated laws of 1794 are violating them morally and .collectively once a week. The clergy of to-day could no more conduct their churches in the manner of the days of yore than an express company or any other legitimate busi-ness enterprise could to-day exist if it adhered to the laws and customs of 1794. To retain laws which cannot be observed in their ancient form must have a bad moral effect upon the growing generation, and create a disrespect for the observance of other laws. Most of the arguments of those sup-porting the measure were of an expe-diency character. The principle under-lying the Sunday law was scarcely chal-lenged, the opposition to the law being made on the ground that it was out of date and no longer suited to the condi-tions and circumstances of the people. We are very glad, therefore, to know that Dr. A. H. Lewis was present and made the concluding speech . of the hearing. He of course dealt with the matter on the ground of principle and in the light of historical truth. We regret that we have not more of his remarks to present than are contained in this reference to his speech that appeared in the Philadelphia Record: The patriarchal but sturdy Rev. A. H. Lewis, of Plainfield, N. J., corresponding secretary of the American Sabbath Tract Society, and editor of the Sabbath Recorder, made the most vigorous speech of the occasion, evincing subtle knowledge on the question. Pleading for the Seventh-Day Baptists, he gave as reasons for annulling the present law that Sunday legisla-tion is the product of the pagan state-church system of ancient Rome, has created holiday- ism rather than Sabbathism; fosters the worst evils of which the friends of Sunday complain,. and infringes upon the universal right of all men to determine their religious faith and ac-tions. " If you must have legislation, let there be a law giving every man the right to one day's rest ; but that should be permissible, not compulsory. If the Sabbath which Christ honored cannot hold its own without the aid of the civil law, let it go to the wall. Let this question rest on the word of God and the conscience of men." This is the sort of doctrine that ought to be heard at all the Sunday-law hear-ings that .are taking place this winter. In concluding the hearing Senator Ber-kelbach expressed the belief that the bill was favored by a majority of the people, and " as some lobbyists against it had used the deceptive argument that it would lead to Sunday liquor selling, he said he took the liberty of expressing suspicion that other statements made by them might be no more trustworthyŠfor instance, the claims of the great number of people rep-resented by the opposing speakers." The ministers had made large claims of rep-resenting about all the " best people " in the cities from which they came. One minister from Lancaster had alleged that " more than 3o,000 people in and around that city represented by the ministerial association, were unanimous against the bill." And as he represented the minis-terial association, of course he repre-sented " more than 30,000 people " t And, of course, all these people were " unanimous against the bill," for was not the ministerial association which repre-sented them (by assumption and its own election) unanimous against the bill? It looks as if this measure for modifying the " blue law " of 1794 might pass, but then it is rather to be doubted. Those who are most disturbed over not seem to have any great compunctions " encroachments upon the Sabbath " do about encroachments upon human rights. 