354 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY shared by a power in Rome, Italy. It is as much as to say that what the United States undertook to do in spite of the resistance of the Filipinos it is unable to do, or at least will not do, without the aid and assistance of the very power which was at the head of the religious orders of the Philippines when they per-petrated the abuses which drove the Fili-pinos to revolt ! Did not Rome control the religious orders in the days of Span-ish rule ? Why did she not then "require them to do what was wise ?" If she ever had any right to have anything to say in the rectifying of abuses in the Phil-ippines, she has forfeited it by centuries of negligence and indifference. And it is safe to say that it is not sins of omis-sion only which disqualify her as a par-ticipant in the government of the Philip-pines. Notice the personnel of this govern-mental commission to the Vatican. We are assured by The Independent that Governor-General Taft cannot be sus-pected of being the tool of Jesuit diplo-macy. Very well ; let us turn to those who are to accompany him. Who is Judge Smith, of San Francisco? He is the man who last September informed the world, in an interview published in the San Francisco Call, that the friars were in no wise responsible for the ob-literation of "the affection which should be held for them by the natives." He held that they had been an unmixed bless-ing to the islands, and in the same con-nection lauded the Jesuits to the skies. He may be a Jesuit, and he may not ; it is certain that he is a very peculiar sort of a person to figure in a commission which has to do with the removing of abuses, which, if he was rightly reported, he evidently regards as no abuses at all. He may not be 'a tool of Jesuit diplo-macy, either, but as between the Filipinos and the friars there can be no doubt as to where he will stand. And who is the other member of the trio?ŠBishop O'Gorman, formerly of the Catholic Uni-versity in Washington ! It strikes us that Bishop O'Gorman would be better suited to represent Rome in this matter than to represent the United States. It is to be hoped that no one is so simple as to sup-pose that he will not be the representative of the Papacy, though passing as the rep-resentative of the United States. The fact is he is now representing the Papacy in the matter. On April io he was in Washington and had a talk with Secre-tary Root at the War Department "with relation to the present and future status of the Church in the insular possessions, and particularly the questions which have arisen in connection with the acqui-sition of the lands belonging to the re-ligious orders." The dispatch which contained this information stated that "there is no one else to speak to the au-thorities here on these questions except Bishop O'Gorman and Monsignor Sbar-etti, the latter fresh from the Vatican." So Bishop O'Gorman will be a thorough "representative" of all sides of the ques-tion when he departs for Rome as a com-missioner of the United States ! But it is said he goes because he is so "thor-oughly acquainted not only with Vati-can etiquette, but with all the machinery by which the Vatican rules the Catholic world." Exactly ; in other words, he is a thorough representative of the power to which he is sent to represent the United States ! It appears, then, that not only is the Government going so far as to send a commission to negotiate with the "Sovereign Pontiff," but it is going to make sure that while the nego-tiations are in progress all the etiquette of the Vatican will be observed. We wonder if this will include kneeling be-fore "His Holiness," and the traditional kissing of the toe? Well, it is proper 