OF 011allaniliV 1,1153ERTY V o L. XVI I I NEW YORK, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1903 No. S . Oligarchy is the next thing to mon-archy. Ł He who ignores the rights of others cannot retain a clear conception of his own. Ł Not " encroachments upon the Sab-bath," but encroachivents upon human rights, are the encroachments with which government should concern itself. O Not the failure of negro suffrage, but the failure of white Americans to hold to the principles of republicanism, is the " momentous fact " with which the na-tion is face to face to-day. O Genuine religion has never been en-forced ; it cannot be. Coercion in religion has always been coercion in behalf of some either utterly false or utterly barren and useless theological notion. Ł those who see " reasons inherent in racial differences " for denying the ballot to the negro will in a short time not be able to see any reasons why he should not be back in industrial servitude. Ł The church wants Sunday legislation in order that she may " have Sunday to her own uses." That is, she wants the state to establish her in a monopoly of the day by proscribing upon that day everything that would compete with her. Anything that needs to be kept " free from the secularities of the world," whether it be the " Sabbath " or anything else, is something which should be kept free from connection with the state, for the state can have only to do with the secularities of the world. Ł With reference to something that it is proposed to do in the Philippines, Dr. Felix Adler has recently declared that it looked as if but one generation was to pass between slavery and slavery on American territory. There are very striking indications that in scarcely more than one generation from the time it did the thing the nation is to repudiate its act in freeing the negro in a way far more real and direct than Dr. Adler had in mind. 4,  One would naturally suppose that clerks and others in demanding legis-lation for " protection in their necessary rest from labor one day in the week," would ask for a law prohibiting the em-ployment of clerks and others more than six days in the week, or if the day is fixed upon, prohibiting their employment on that day. But this is not the way it is done. The sort of legislation that is demanded is like that now being de-manded by the clerks in Illinois. They demand that it shall be made " unlawful for any person or persons" to " engage Ł " in the business of selling merchandise " or in the business of carrying on or 