THE SACREDNESS OF HUMAN RIGHTS. 13 him that he sustains the relation of brotherhood to all human beings teaches him that this relation is reciprocal, that it gives indestructible claims as well as imposes solemn duties, and that what he owes to the members of this vast family they owe to him in return. Thus the moral nature involves rights. These en-ter into its very essence. They are taught by the very voice which enjoins duty. Accordingly there is no deeper principle in human nature than the con-sciousness of rights. So profound, so ineradicable is this sentiment, that the oppressions of ages have nowhere whol-ly stifled it. The All-Comprehending Right of Human Nature. Having shown the foundation of hu-man rights in human nature, it may be asked what they are. Perhaps they do not admit very accurate definition, any more than human duties ; for the spirit-ual cannot be weighed and measured like the material. Perhaps a minute criticism may find fault with the most guarded exposition of them ; but they may easily be stated in language which the unsophisticated mind will recognize as the truth. Volumes could not do jus-tice to them, and yet, perhaps, they may be comprehended in one sentence. They may all be comprised in the right, which belongs to every rational being, to exer-cise his powers for the promotion of his own and others' happiness and virtue. These are the great purposes of his ex-istence. For these his powers were giv-en, and to these he is bound to devote them. He is bound to make himself and others better and happier, according to his ability. His ability for this work is a sacred trust from God, the greatest of all trusts. He must answer for the waste or abuse of it. He consequently  suffers an unspeakable wrong when stripped of it by others, or forbidden to employ it for the ends for which it was given ; when the powers which God has given for such generous uses are im-paired or destroyed by others, or the means for their action and growth are forcibly withheld. As every human being is bound to em-ploy his faculties for his own and others' good, there is an obligation on each to leave all free for the accomplishment of this end; and whoever respects this ob-ligation, whoever uses his own, without invading others' powers or obstructing others' duties, has a sacred, indefeasible right to be unassailed, unobstructed, un-harmed by all with whom he may be connected. Here is the grand, all-com-prehending right of human nature. Every man should revere it, should as-sert it for himself and for all, and should bear solemn testimony against every in-fraction of it, by whomsoever made or endured. The Logic of Despotism. Perhaps nothing has done more to im-pair the sense of the reality and sacred-ness of human rights, and to sanction oppression, than loose ideas as to the change made in man's natural rights by his entrance into civil society. It is commonly said that men part with a por-tion of these by becoming a community, a body politic; that government consists of powers surrendered by the individual ; and it is said, "If certain rights and powers may be surrendered, why not others? why not all? what limit is to be set? The good of the community, to which a part is given up, may demand the whole, and in this good all private rights are merged." This is the logic of despotism. We are grieved that it finds its way into republics, and that it 