NOTE AND 'COMMENT 385 The discussion in Congress of the mat-ter of franchises and the taking up of public lands in the Philippines has devel-oped the fact that at least one American corporation has begun to plan for the use of slave labor on Philippine plantations, a contract with that end in view having been entered into with a group of Moro chiefs. There may yet be developments in this direction as startling as those which have recently transpired of the brutality of the American soldiery. There are plenty of corporations that will not hesitate to use slave labor if it is to be had. It remains to be seen whether or not conditions will be such that it can be had. Strong efforts are being made by*their friends in the United States to prevent the carrying out of the sentence of the Cuban court in the cases of the three Americans convicted of defalcations in the postal service. The men were prom-inent politicians before going to Cuba, and some of their political intimates think that it is too bad that they should be punished for their deeds. The cases have been appealed to the supreme court of Cuba. Each was sentenced to ten years' imprisonment, with fines, cover-ing the total amount of the defalcation, apportioned thus : C. F. W. Neely, $56,-701; W. H. Reeves, $35,516; E. G. Rath-bone, $35,324. ,Ł Conditions among the soldiers in the Philippines has led to the issuance by the Secretary of War, by direction of Presi-dent Roosevelt, of what is said to be "a remarkable general order on the health of the army." The document is per-vaded by high and worthy ideas on the subject, and manifests an earnest desire to save the young soldiers from the evils which surround them and pervade the army. Regimental and company officers  are urged by precept and example to lead the men under their control to shun in-temperance and vice. The fact is im-pressed that there is but one way to prevent the horrible diseases which vice entails, and that is "to diminish the vice which is the cause of these diseases." eti The Virginia Constitutional Conven-tion has been in session about ten months. On April 5 a recess was taken until May 22. The indications are that before adjournment a "suffrage" and "understanding" clause similar to those of other States will be incorporated into the Constitution. But this discrimina-tion, against and interference with the suffrage of the negro is strongly opposed in some quarters, the Richmond Times advising against the adoption of the clause in question. But the indications are that Virginia will go the way of other Southern States in this matter. It is doubtful yet as to whether or not the peo-ple will be allowed to vote upon the new Constitution, there being a strong dispo-sition to have it "proclaimed." Interference with the freedom of the press has been taking place in Manila re-cently. Editors of newspapers have been arrested and in some cases fined and im-prisoned for criticising the government or its officials. One editor was charged with sedition because he reprinted an article from an American periodical and added thereto a criticism of the Taft Commission. Another was arrested be-cause he called for the resignation of a judge. The civilian professional men of Manila are said to be opposed to the re-pressive attitude of the authorities toward the press. The Springfield Republican says that the atmosphere where such re-pression exists "is not American atmos-phere ; it is the atmosphere of Russia, Poland, Siberia and Turkestan ; it is 