V~t, oVmell CHEllEillAR! L0E8351277( VOL. XVIII NEW YORK, THURSDAY, AUGUST 13, 1903 No. 33     A Pope as a Nan It is not our intention Must be Judged by to ignore the many His Own Personal Character things of great sig- nificance and concern to those who rec-ognize that the Papacy is a system of intolerance and despotism inimical alike to pure religion and human freedom that the ending of the life and pontificate of Leo XIII. has called forth or served to emphasize. When we have digested the mass of matter pertaining to the Papacy and the Pope that has appeared in the last few weeks full and appropriate notice and comment will appear in THE SEN-TINEL. We regret that it has not already appeared, and especially that such matter as we should have liked to have had ac-company it was not presented in con-nection with the picture of the late Pope two weeks ago. It will be understood, we trust, that our purpose in presenting that picture was not to join in the almost universal exaltation of the Pope, though we trust that we should be the last to deny to the Pope any credit or esteem to which he may be justly entitled. Some correspondents have taken us to task for a portion of a statement made on this page four weeks ago in speaking of the Pope, or rather of the man officially known as Leo XIII. The criticism seems to be based upon the idea that because the Papacy is a very bad institution a Pope must be a very bad manŠthat since the Papacy is " the mystery of iniquity " a Pope must necessarily be of iniquitous character personally. The writer of this may not be able to explain why, but he  cannot hold to any such idea. He believes as firmly as any one that the Papacy. in its principles and workings is evil and iniquitous, but he does not believe that a human being who happens to be placed at the head of this institution for a few years is necessarily a " man of sin " and iniquity personally. He does not believe that the personal character of an ad-herent and representative of the Papacy, even though he be Pope, is identical with that of the institution and is to be con-demned because the institution is con-demned. Those who see in the Papacy " the mystery of iniquity " should reflect that none may be more deceived as to its evil character than those who are most closely connected with it and are used in their day to further its ends. Is that man a man of iniquity personally who does what he believes is God's will and for the good of his fellows, even though it be spreading Catholicism and seeking to bring the world into subjection to the Papacy? We are not disposed to regard the late Pope as a saint by any means, and neither are we disposed to take the po-sition that the almost universal and no doubt greatly exaggerated praise of his personality is without some warrant in reality and truth. Regarding his work as Pope and the merit of the same, to-gether with much else of significance and importance respecting the Papacy and her place to-day in the affairs of the nations that is connected with his death and the accession of his successor, we will write later. Ł 