EDITORIAL  711 could not be learned whether "the mes-sage froth the American President was or was not in reply to an inquiry for a recommendation from him as to the high honor, but it is believed that such an in-quiry was the reason for President Roosevelt's communication." And since the article referred to was placed in type we note that the Wisconsin Methodist Conference, in session in Milwaukee on September 15, by unanimous vote de-cided to send the following to the Presi-dent: We see with pain in the press dispatches a rumor that the Vatican has received from Pres-ident Roosevelt an intimation that he would be personally pleased to see that Archbishop Ireland was created a cardinal as a reward for the services he has rendered the church and the state. We strongly doubt the correctness of this rumor, for it does not seem possible that the President of the United States could thus violate the spirit of the Constitution of the United States, which requires the complete separation of the church and the state, and we hope to see it authoritatively denied. Press comments are to the effect that the rumor is without foundation. ¥ "We have heard the suggestion," says The Independent, "that President Roose-velt, in his gratitude for the aid that Archbishop Ireland has given in this gen-eral matter [the Vatican negotiations], should request the Pope to give the car-dinal's hat to the Archbishop of St. Paul. But such a suggestion is absurd on the face of it. It would be an impertinent interference of which President Roose- velt could not be guilty. They are the Archbishop's worst friends who are con- stantly talking about his being made a cardinal." It would not appear to us that this was a matter to be wound up with an intimation of solicitude for the Archbishop. So far as the mere matter  of his being made a cardinal is concerned, he may be left to the tender mercies of his "worst friends." The thing of im-portance, that which concerns the public generally, is the manifest attempt that is being made to use the Government as a means of furthering his ambition.- We cannot feel certain that in this attempt the Archbishop is not the very foremost of his "worst friends." If this scheme is successful, or if it has met with the de-gree of success already rumored, it is, on the part of the President, something more serious than "an impertinent inter-ference." Bishop McFaul, of the Federation of Catholic Societies, desires that the Vati-can "may stand on neutral ground in re-lation to all countries, just as the District of Columbia stands with respect to the United States." In a sermon in Trenton, N. J., recently he declared that this could be attained by the restoration to the Pope of his temporal sovereignty. But he would not have it supposed that the Pope is not more powerful at present than either England or the United States, for, "notwithstanding their great-ness, what influence has the United States or England in Russia, Germany or France? Not so with the Pope of Rome. When he raises his hand in ben-ediction that blessing falls upon his chil-dren at the frozen poles and on the scorching sands of the equatorÑnearly 300,000,000 children in every nation, tribe and clime under heaven." It would seem, then, that the Pope, and those who take so much pride in his power, ought to be satisfied with his present eminence, or is the Pope weary of the stupendous greatness and power that he now possesses and does he desire to become a minor potentate ? 