582  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of church and state. That the first is such is evidenced by the fact that it can be cited as an excuse for the other. In a recent sermon Rev. Lindsley of Benton, Wis., " denounced Sunday base-ball in no uncertain terms," and took the local paper to task for publishing accounts of such games. The paper pleaded in re-sponse that " a publisher may not be in favor of Sunday desecration in any man-ner, any more than he would be in sym-pathy with the acts of a street brawl, a burglary, assassination or incendiarism, yet in his line of business it is expected of him that he give a true account of all these public happenings." It would be a happy thing indeed if the newspapers had noth-ing worse than Sunday ball playing to report. It seems, though, that to some people this is about the worst thing they can report. " The question of the Sabbath and its Observance in Appleton " was the sub-ject of a sermon by Rev. A. G. Wash-ington at Appleton, Minn., on August i6.  Before " a large audience " he " showed that the Sabbath was a divine institution, clearly set forth in the Scrip-tures and its observance commanded by God, who as the constructor of the uni-verse and the creator of man had the right to mark off time in periods and seasons for man's observance," and declared that " Sunday excursions and baseball tend to secularize the Sabbath, rather than hallow it, and hence are an offense to the enlightened Christian conscience of the community." It is reported that " Rev. Geo. L. Mc-Nutt, the ' labor preacher,' is a firm be-liever in Sunday baseball." He asked a saloonkeeper in Marion, Ind., recently, " if he was not glad when a ball game was played on Sunday," and the reply was : " Well, I should say not. When we have a ball game on Sunday in the city we have  scarcely any business. Everybody is at the game "! Mr. McNutt " holds that the want of suitable recreation is more to blame than anything else for the vice found in the cities," and there is much truth in his point. " The negotiations regarding the Va-tican's participation in the St. Louis Ex-position, interrupted by the illness and death of Pope Leo, have been resumed at Rome," Ind again the Vatican has in-dicated that " it will be favorable to the project of having the Holy See repre-sented, if officially invited by the United States government by means of an invitation similar to those sent to the European powers." The Winnipeg (Manitoba) Telegram of August 22 published in full under dis-play heading the portion of the report of the May business meeting of the New York State Law and Order Society con-taining the excellent remarks of the sec-retary on the Sunday-enforcement and Sabbath questions. The question of street-cars on Sunday is again being agi-tated in Winnipeg. At the police court hearing on August 25 of the cases of the three St. Paul, Minn., grocers whose arrest for Sunday selling was reported last week, " prelim-inary steps were taken to test the consti-tutionality of the law passed by the last legislature which requires the closing of all grocery stores on Sunday." The case of P. G. Hoffman " will be taken to the supreme court for a decision." The funeral of Roman Catholic Arch-bishop Katzer at Milwaukee, Wis., on July 24, was " attended by Governor La Follette and staff, and Mayor Rose and the city council, and judges and other officials." It was " the most elaborate Catholic demonstration in the history of the city." 