742 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY shown no disposition to take action in the matter, and, judging from its im-mediate effect, the protest will only ag-gravate the situation that it was in-tended to ameliorate. The Rumanian authorities at once began the restriction of emigration by increasing its difficulty and expense, even ordering local author-ities to cease issuing passports to emi-grants. It is thought that the emigration of the Jews may be prohibited entirely, at least so far as emigration to the United States is concerned. So the persecuted Jews will be denied even the privilege of flying from oppression, which will doubtless be continued with even greater rigor than ever. And although the ac-tion of the American Secretary of State was taken in response to urgent requests from Jewish citizens and organizations in this country, some of the Jewish papers see in it "elements and implications which must fill the hearts of loyal Jews with regret and apprehension." It is feared that "the most tolerant Government in the world" will take the stand that the oppressed Jews of Europe, at least from Rumania, are undesirable immigrants, and will exclude them as such from the country. A leading Jewish paper which declares that the document issued by Secretary Hay "breathes sober justice and an enlightened humanity in every line," says that "with all its excellent inten-tions and fine humanitarian ideals this note sounds ominously like the warning of a final lock-out ; out of the friendly ring of the calm, judicial plea there sounds another warning peal of the ris-ing Judennoth, premonitive of the clos-ing of the last gate. " It is sincerely to be hoped that what is here feared will not be seen in reality. While the action of the United States was generally applauded upon humani-tarian grounds, the press in several of the European countries was disposed to  consider it as an unwarranted intrusion into European affairs and to argue that it was inconsistent with the much-vaunted Monroe-Doctrine policy. But the protest hardly establishes a new precedent, for the United States has several times taken very similar action. In 184o the Ameri-can representative at Constantinople was instructed "to interpose his good offices on behalf of the oppressed Jews in the Ottomon dominions," and at least twice protests have been made to Russia in behalf of oppressed Jews in that country, though with very little beneficial effect. And it is said that it was through the efforts of the American consul-general at Bucharest thirty years ago, after the riots and persecutions of 1871, that per-mission to emigrate from the country was given to the Jews of Rumania. But there was one argument or criti-cism advanced by a portion of the Eu-ropean press that was not without point and force so far as the action of the United States was based upon the broad grounds of humanity and justice. A Rus-sian paper declared that "the Rumanian Jews are probably much better off than the Filipinos," and a leading paper of Germany made the stinging suggestion : "Rumania should either remain silent or send a protest to the United States against lynch-law and the treatment of the Filipinos, lest the Negroes and the Filipinos all emigrate to Rumania." Of course the United States can say that it is not driving Negroes or Filipinos as undesirable immigrants to Rumania, but that does not alter the fact that injus-tice to Negroes or Filipinos by Americans is no better than injustice to Jews by Ru-manians. It is interesting to note that this Ru-manian persecution of the Jews, which Mr. Wm. E. H. Lecky, the eminent Eng-lish historian, has said "forms, in the eyes of enlightened men, one of the most 