Principles too Little Understood Bp W. A. Colcord 1 T is hard for men to learn that the I same rights which they claim for themselves they are in duty bound to extend to others, however widely they may differ from them. But this is the golden rule of lifeŠ" Whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them." This is the true pana-cea for all bigotry, intolerance, and op-pression. No one himself desires to be coerced by others as to what he shall believe and practise in matters of religion, and no one ought, therefore, to assume or claim the right to coerce another in this respect. The liberty which each desires for him-self he should freely grant to others. Men may be quick to recognize and claim their own rights While they utterly ignore and trample upon the rights of others. For each to demand his own rights is not the basis of true liberty. Each must recognize and respect the.  equal rights of .others before freedom is insured. "Is true freedom but to break Fetters for our own dear sake, And with leathern hearts Łforget That we owe mankind a debt? No; true freedom is to share All the chains our brothers wear, And, with heart and hand, to be In earnest to make others free." To help to a better and more general understanding of the great principles un--derlying human rights and liberties, as they relate to the individual, to the church, and to the state, is the object of this and succeeding articles which the writer has consented to contribute to THE SENTINEL. Principles which, if uni-versally understood and practised, would insure peace on earth and good will among men ought not to be forgotten. It is highly essential to understand cor-rect principles. A principle is a funda- mental truth ; a comprehensive law or doctrine from which others are derived, or on which others are founded; a settled rule of action ; a governing law of con-duct. We never need be afraid of fol-lowing a true principle. From the very nature of the case it cannot lead astray. The only danger lies in departing from it. The principles of civil and religious liberty are such that they may profitably be considered and studied at all times. They are living principles, and are recog-nized or disregarded wherever people live and governments exist. The people of all nations either enjoy the blessings of freedom, or feel the oppressive hand of intolerance and persecution. It is, no doubt, true that these principles are likely to be more generally discussed and more vigorously defended when they are ig-nored than when regarded ; but it is none the less a fact that they may be kept fresh in the minds of the people while they are yet heeded. In advocating them we may take the aggressive as well as the defen-sive ; and the former method is worthy of the higher commendation, in that it is the only sure way of securing the bless-ings accruing from them, and perpetua-ting these blessings to the race. It is be-cause these principles are allowed to be forgotten, and false ideas spring up and take their place, that they are disregarded. A field, in order to yield fruit, must be cultivated ; only weeds and thorns thrive without cultivation. It has not yet ceased to be true that " eternal vigilance is the price of liberty." Religious liberty is safe only while a knowledge of its principles is familiar to the people. It is to this fact that are due the laws of toleration and religious free-dom in many of the modern governments of Europe, America, and elsewhere. 