PERSECUTION A LEGACY AND TEST 767 And to those of the Smyrnan period of the Christian era the Revelator writes : " Fear none of those things which thou shalt suffer : behold, the devil shall cast some of you into prison, that ye may be tried; and ye shall have tribulation ten days [ten years under the emperor Diocletian, A. D. 302-312, the last and most severe of the ten great persecutions under pagan Rome] : be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life." Revs  2: 8-10. It is " through much tribulation," says Paul, that we are to enter the kingdom of God. Acts 14: 22. " Yea, and all that will godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution." 2 Tim. 3 : 12. Therefore the apostle Peter writes : " Think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you, as though some strange thing happened unto you : but rejoice, inasmuch as ye are par-takers of Christ's sufferings ; that, when His glory shall be. revealed, ye may be glad also with exceeding joy." 1 Peter 4: 12, 13. " For our light afflic-tion, which is but for a moment, work-eth for us a far more exceeding and  eternal weight of glory." 2 Cor. 4: 17. Conflicts are permitted to prepare the soul for peace. Sorrows are allowed to make the heart better. The furnace of affliction is heated only to refine and purify. Of the great multitude of the saved whom no man could number, it is written: " These are they which came out of great tribulation, and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb. . . . And God shall wipe away all tears from. their eyes." Rev. 7: 14, 17. " Sometime, when all life's lessens have been learned, And sun and stars forever more have set, The things that our weak judgments here have spurned, The things o'er which we grieved. with lashes wet, Will flash before us, out of life's dark--night, As stars shine most in deepest tints. of blue, And we will see how all God's ways. were right, And how what seemed reproof was. love most true." "Appropos the advertised Sunday games and sports," the pastor of the Trinity Lutheran Church at Beloit, Wis., recently sent a communication to a local newspaper in which he stated that "to many the indifferent use of Sunday occurs to be but a sin against church denominations and their formu-lated creeds," and that " what they do not seem to know is that they also violate the laws of the State." He then quoted the State Sunday law, following it with this declaration : "Existing laws must be respected or they should be abolished." This is sound doctrine, and there can be no question that the Sun-day law should be abolished ; such a law  cannot be respected. It is always the case that when the creed of the church or any portion of it is incorporated into the laws of the state that the "sin" against the church in the matter is also, a violation of the laws of the state. It is therefore not strange that the "sin" against the church in "the indifferent use of Sunday" is also a violation of the laws of the state. It is to be hoped that some time the good work of elimi-nating the creed of the church from the laws of the state will be accom-plished. And then ministers will not have to be pained any more by viola-tions of the law that are in reality noth-ing more than disregard of the creed. 