coffooll ONOSTMAY LLOMERT7 VOL. XVIII NEW YORK, THURSDAY, JULY 23, 1903 No. 30     A Persistent Rumor Again the idea that Again Appears the President of the - United States is in-teresting himself in securing from the Vatican "cardinalate honors " for Arch-bishop Ireland has appeared in the press. And the " story " this time is in some respects more definite and detailed than ever. The Brooklyn Eagle has a cor-respondent in Rome who writes under the nom de plume of " Romulus." In a letter dated June 7, which was published in the Eagle of June 21, he said : A fact now occurring in the Eternal City is a determined attempt to make use of the favors of the Holy See to promote, and, it is hoped, compass, the ultimate triumph of the Re-publican candidate in the coming Presidential election. In this view a prominent Republican politician and lawyer of New York, an ardent admirer of Archbishop John Ireland and per-sonal friend of President Roosevelt, is now in Rome, bearer of introductory letters from the Pauline prelate, on an assured mission on behalf of the Republican cause to induce the Holy Father to raise to cardinalate honors the Archbishop of St. Paul, who, as price of this indirect pressure, is to exert all his influence to secure to the Republican party the vote of the vast following he is held to sway, the long coveted " red hat " to be the recompense of his efforts in that sense.... Within the past month two other persons, Senator Scott and General Stone, have, it is stated, been in Rome on similar errands in favor of the above-named Western prelate. This third intermediary was presented to Car-dinal Rampolla, who, naturally, received him courteously, as did likewise Cardinal Satolli, he bringing commendatory letters from Amer-ican sources. Both cardinals, in homage, doubtless, to the amiable duplicity of Italian diplomacy, are held to have comforted him  with vague hopes of ulterior success, as also hints that possibly a direct appeal in that sense from President Roosevelt might meet with due consideration. " This move," said the correspondent, Ł\ is clearly understood as wholly in polit- ical and party interests, those of the church and of religion having no bear-ing in the premises." He regarded its success as " decidedly dubious," saying that " those most deeply in the king's se-crets represent the Vatican as fairly dis-gusted and wearied with these continually reiterated schemes to force the hand of the Sovereign Pontiff " in behalf of Archbishop Ireland's cardinalate ambi-tion, and that " when it be remembered that in days gone by Rome turned a deaf ear to the tacit request of President Lincoln for a cardinal's hat for the " Great Archbishop " Hughes, it is more than improbable that she will be moved from her ordinary rule of action by the wishes of persons of minor mental cali-ber and world-wide importance." A re-quest direct from the President himself would no doubt be regarded as coming from a person of sufficient " mental cali-ber and world-wide importance" to merit consideration at the Vatican, and there is no doubt that this is exactly what the Vatican would be greatly pleased to have come out of this matter. And is it true that President Lincoln did what he is here represented to have done? We do not believe it. The day following the publication of this communication from Rome a dispatch to the Eagle from Washington stated that it had " attracted 