SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 717 not conscientiously and religiously be-lieve in the divine appointment of that day as such. Whether the legislature has a right to prohibit labor and recrea-tion on any day, as a temporal act, or act of civil jurisprudence, or whether it would be an act of good  policy to do so, are questions not neces-sary now to discuss, admit, or deny. Those points, however, may not be so clear as that the law in question was -ass u se you puu sno011aa a s e papualm , ular act of legislation. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must he a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in'the paper. O The city council of Watertown, S. D., has "voted to prohibit Sunday theatri-cals." M. F'. O'Leary, a St. Paul, Minn., grocer, was fined $5 in the police court on November 3 for "keeping his store open on Sunday." At a recent meeting of the city coun-cil of Chicago` `Alderman Beilfuss asked for an opinion from the city counsel on the right of a blacksmith to do busi-Ł ness on Sunday." "For having been found in a saloon on Sunday six women and nine men were sentenced to six months in the city prison" by Magistrate Flammer in New York on October 26. "Charged with violating the Sunday law relative to barbering," Edward Carty, a barber of Albany, N. Y., re-cently "gave bail before Justice Brady for a trial in the police court on Novem-ber 5." An ordinance "to provide for the closing of barber shops on Sunday and fixing a penalty for violating the same," has been adopted by the city council of Sacramento, Cal., and approved by the mayor. At a recent State convention of Con-gregationalists at Menominee, Wis.,  "President Roosevelt was petitioned to prohibit the Sunday opening of the money-order department of -post-offices." At the annual convention of the Na-tional Union of Shiprights, Joiners and Calkers of America in Detroit on Octo-ber 29 it "was decided to stand for a nine-hour day and to do away with all Sunday work." The Detroit News of October 22 re-ported that "a number of barbers have presented a petition to the mayor ask-ing that the Sunday law relative to closing shops be enforced," and that "the petition has the endorsement of the trades council." At Binghampton, N. Y.,on October 26 "the case of Abraham ohn, charged with a violation of the Sunday law in selling goods from a grocery store on Sunday, came up for trial in the re-corder's court." "After hearing the evidence Judge Roberts imposed a fine of $20." The Presbyterian Synod of Illinois recently "adopted by. a unanimous vote a resolution condemning the opening of the State Fair on Sundays, and recom-mending that a committee be appointed to co-operate with committees from other ecclesiastical bodies to confer with the State board of agriculture to `prevent a repetition of the violation of divine law.' " 