SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed in the general articles and the editorial department. [The synoptical statement given here each month includes everything of this nature re-ported in the issue of the magazine in which it is printed. Some of the matter will occa-sionally be found outside of this department. Synopsis.ÑArrests under Sunday laws: For keeping open store and selling, 66; for ball playing, 24; for barbering%22; for conducting "worldly amusements," 14; for card playing, 4; for selling newspapers, 3; total, 133. Per-sons fined: For keeping open store or shop and selling, 28; for ball playing, 6; for card playing, 4; for barbering, 4; total, 42. Sunday-enforcement agitations: Against open stores or shops and selling, 21; against games and amusements, principally baseball, 15 ; against barbering, 4 ; against common labor, 1; against mail service, I ; general, 5; total, 47. One city ordinance passed prohibiting barbering; another passed prohibiting games and fishing. One New Jersey police justice declares Sunday ball playing to be no crime; another rules that Sunday selling by merchants and shopkeepers at their usual places of business is no offense under the laws of New Jersey. Two juries refuse to convict Sunday ball players. Six lads indicted, convicted and fined for ball playing. One Hebrew merchant, claiming to be an observer of the seventh day, heavily fined for Sunday selling. One Seventh-day Ad-ventist merchant convicted and fined for Sunday selling, and utterly denied the benefits of exemption clause.] An agitation for Sunday enforcement against all stores and business places was reported from Fontanelle, Iowa, recently. :¥ The city council of Yankton, S. Dak., recently passed an ordinance "prohibit-ing the keeping open of barber shops on Sunday." w Three men were fined for "gaming on the Sabbath day" at Campello, Mass., recently, and another was fined for being present when the card playing was in progress. ¥ "Williston women have organized a Sabbath observance society, and propose to have business places closed on the first day of the week," says the Grand Forks (N. D.) Herald. The Janesville (Minn.) Argus reports that at the neighboring town of Waseca "the burning question is how to get rid of Sunday baseball games, which dese-crate alike every sentiment of home as well as of the sacred day." Soloman Cohen, a clothing merchant, was convicted by a jury in a police court at Buffalo, N. Y., on June 17, on the charge of "violating the Sunday closing law." Sentence was suspended. ¥ Some residents of Willmar, Minn., have "entered a loud protest against Sunday games at Athletic Park," and "steps are to be taken to prevent the holding of games in the future." The police board of Noblesville, Ind., recently refused to order the Sunday closing of cigar tstores in response to a demand of the ministerial association. The ministers thereupon decided "to hold union services to discuss the question of Sunday observance." 4. The retail clerks' association of Du-luth, Minn., recently caused the arrest of three Hebrew clothing merchants for sel-ling goods on Sunday, and is said to be securing evidence against "a number of other clothing men who keep their places open on the first day of the week." 