556  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY employee in the Census Bureau or in some department in the United States Government, and that he acted under the orders of his superior officer; or is a member of the Senate or House of Rep-resentatives and acted under the rules of the body to which he belongs; or is a member of the Cabinet and acted under an emergency in the public business ; or is a policeman, treasury watchman or Dis-trict employee with duties to be per-formed on Sunday; or is an officer or member of a trades union which holds meetings and collects dues on Sunday; or is a preacher or physician in active practise; or is an employee of a railroad or a street railway company ; or is the publisher or vendor of a Sunday news-paper; or is an employee in a store and is on duty on Saturday evenings until half past eight o'clock ; or is the mother of a family who does not get her week's wages until Saturday night, too late to buy provisions for Sunday; or is a per-son of small means and forced to depend on the grocer's refrigerator and ice box for butter and fresh meat on Sunday, and on the milkman for milk for his or her children. SEC. 3. And to avoid inconvenience to deserving persons who are compelled by circumstances to work, buy or sell on Sunday, the Board of Health is hereby authorized to issue Sunday exemption permits, good for the year of issue, to ap-plicants from the following classes : Po-licemen, lawyers, treasury watchmen, members of labor or trades unions, man- agers of hotels or boarding houses, cooks, proprietors of lecture halls or theatres or barber shops and their employees, licensed preachers, exhorters from gospel wag-ons, teachers of schools, street railway and railroad and steamboat companies and their employees, apothecaries, physi-cians, undertakers, grocers and their clerks, employees in retail shops, travel- ers, newspaper publishers and vendors, plumbers, repairers of street-railway cars and tracks, workmen and their wives and children, heads of families, all house-keepers who do not own refrigerators or ice boxes, all persons who have rested or will agree to rest in the other six days of the week for a period equal to Sunday, and all persons who, on examination by the Board of Health, shall be declared not to need physical rest on Sunday or to need recreation more than rest. The fee for each permit so issued shall be one dollar and no more. SEC. 4. The permit shall be carried on the person on Sunday and exhibited, on demand, to any policeman. Any person unable to show a permit, or refusing to exhibit it, shall be held to need rest, and, on conviction thereof, shall be sentenced to rest three days in the jail of the Dis-trict of Columbia. This Act shall not be construed to prevent the sale of ice-cream, soft drinks, soda-water,' and refreshments other than malt or spirituous liquors, or of malt and spirituous liquors as now provided by law, or of cigars, chewing-gum, tobacco or opium, or of railway and steamboat tickets, or the collection and delivery of baggage, or the sale of anything by a dealer licensed to sell it ; nor to warrant putting any woman or girl, or any boy under fifteen years of age, on the chain-gang, but every such person shall be re-leased from arrest on promising never to enter a store or shop or do any work or buy any article of food or clothing on the first day of the week, by some called the Christian Sabbath, by others the Lord's Day, but commonly known as Sunday. SEC. 5. That all prosecutions for vio-lation of this Act shall be in the Su-preme Court of the District of Columbia by indictment, and in the name of the United States of America. 