586  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY them either participate in or witness baseball games. The Roman Catholic clergy all over this country, as well as abroad, are right in the position they maintain on this question. Catholic priests even more than Protestant min-isters get their boys to church Sunday morn-ings, and then they encourage them to play ball and engage in other sports Sunday after-noon. They know the boys better than do the Protestant pastors. The thing to do for boys and young men is to give them healthful rec-reation. Keep them busy and they will be kept away from vice and crime. It is said that " many of the divinity students heard these statements with won-der and astonishment," but that " so ac-curate was the professor's knowledge of conditions among working boys and men, and so strong his arguments, that they acknowledged before the lecture was over that they saw Sunday baseball in a new light." Of course those who wish, even " boys passing through the years of ado-lescence," can spend Sunday afternoon  in ways more profitable to them spirit-ually and more in accord with the assumed sacred and religious character of the day than that of ball playing, but there can be no question whatever that under exist-ing conditions the course of the Catho clergy in endorsing and encouraging healthful sports on Sunday afternoons is much more sensible and conducive to the moral welfare of boys and young men than is the " Protestant " method now so widely in vogue of attempting by law to make the boys and young men refrain from such " desecration of the Sabbath." Of course this means the " Catholic Sun-day," but the Catholic Sunday is to be preferred to the Puritan Sunday enforced by law. And it should not be forgotten that Sunday observance is a Catholic ob-servance anyhow. What consistent ob-jection can be made to the Catholic way of observing a Catholic observance ? What Majority Rule in Religious Things Means BE  W. A. Colcord THERE is another consideration worthy of notice in considering the question of majority rule. Civil govern-ments are controlled by majorities; but in religious things the majority are gener-ally on the wrong side. This the Scrip-tures teach. Says Christ : " Enter ye in at the strait gate; for wide is the gate and broad is the way that leadeth to destruc-tion, and many there be which go in thereat; because strait is the gate and nar-row is the way which leadeth unto life, and few there be that find it." Matt. 7: 13, 14. If there were no other means than this by which to determine what is true and what is false in religion, the only safe course one could pursue would be to take the side of the minority every time. Furthermore, it being true that in relig- ious matters the majority are generally on the wrong side, to adopt the principle that the majority shall rule in religious things would,  be equivalent to saying that error shall prevail, and wrong be the law of the land. And this is by no means a mere theoretical conclusion drawn for the sake of argument. Lord Macaulay, in his review of Mr. Gladstone's work on " Church and State," gave expression to a great truth when he asked, " Have not almost all the governments in the world always been in the wrong on religious subjects ? " Where one has used its power for the propagation of truth, he adds, a thousand have used their power for the propagation of falsehood. Alexander Campbell has well said : " The man who seeks the truth by the test 