388 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY riding and trampling upon the rights of those who prefer not to rest on the " rest day." Workingmen, clerks and trades-men have the right to use every rightful and legitimate means to get all to ob-serve the day on which they desire to have all rest, but they have no right to use wrongful and illegitimate means to that end. They must respect the rights of others, for the rights of others are as deserving of consideration as their own. Bishop Potter declares that organized labor's invasion of the freedom of the in-dividual is something that " has got to be corrected." It certainly should be, for such invasion on the part of organized labor is just as despotical and inexcusable as it is from any other source. And one thing that organized labor will have to do before it can cease to be an invader of the rightful and necessary freedom of the in-dividual is to cease " the enforcement of a day of rest," whether by law or without any law but its own arbitrary decree. But, alas ! " labor " is just awaking " to the importance of the enforcement of a day of rest." Ł O Leslie's Weekly says " the citizens of New York State are not alone in the de-termination that there shall be no further invasions of the Day of Rest in the selfish interests of any class of persons," and cites the prevention in Indiana of the passage of the bill to permit baseball playing on Sunday, and the coming to the State capital in Pennsylvania of " cit-izens from all sections of the State, to the number of thousands, to protest against the amendment of the Sunday law enacted in 1794." " In this protest," it is stated, " all the reputable news-papers of the State joined forces." We suppose this assertion is made on the as-sumption that no newspaper which did not so protest can be considered repu-table. 'One of the best newspaper edito-rials against Sunday enforcement that  we have ever read appeared in the Johns-town Daily Democrat of February 12, when the agitation was at its height, and we do not believe that the attitude of this paper was very different from that of the press generally. It is certain that the great dailies of Philadelphia did not join in any protest in behalf of " the Sunday law enacted in 1794." The fact is that both the instances mentioned showed that the citizens who are determined " that there shall be no further invasions upon the Day of Rest " Š that is no further modification of the Sunday laws Š are nearly all religionists and act in the mat-ter in behalf of what they conceive to be the interests of religion. Would it not be well if the citizens of New York and other States would settle upon the deter-mination that there shall be no further invasions of the rightful and constitu-tional liberty of the citizen in the interests, yes, in the selfish interests, of a religious class, for that is what the Sunday laws are. The Weekly's invention of a new proper name for the Sunday institution is a little thing, but it is significant. The substitution of " the Day of Rest " for the " Lord's day," the " Sabbath," or the " Christian Sunday," is something that is indicative of an important step in the evolution of Sunday enforcement. O In the quotation given last week from M. Gohier's article it was stated that the United States government " in its infancy forbade the Pope the nomination of a single prelate, and refused to make any kind of recognition of the Holy See," but that " to-day the outcome of the Phil-ippine issue is that the Pope has the of-ficial nomination of one hundred prela-cies within American territory." It is true that contrary to the policy of the government in its infancy, as promptly and unequivocally expressed by Benjamin Franklin to the papal nuncio in Paris in 1776, the American government has in 