366 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY was the case and " Representatives Sker-ritt and Quinn and other Roman Catholic members " making a strong denial. The other incident was an attempt to fasten the charge of atheism upon the sup-porters of the bill. Representative Carey, its author, and a number of its supporters in the legislature, were Socialists, and Representative Quinn charged that they were atheists, because " Socialism is atheistic." This was denied by Rep-resentative Carey, but the organ of Sunday enforcement from which we are quoting says " it must be left to the future to settle that question." What that question has to do with civil legis-lation is not explained. The fact that it was raised simply shows that the cham-pions of Sunday enforcement in this in-stance knew that Sunday legislation was religious legislation and that they felt that in maintaining the existing interdict of the law against Sunday fishing they were thereby defending and maintaining an " institution of God "Šthat is, a re-ligious institution. The organ from which we are quoting says " the advo-cates of Socialism in the house left no doubt whatever as to their destructive attitude towards the Lord's day ; any political body which holds its political meetings on that day must soon lose all sense of its sacred nature." It was zeal for the maintenance of the "Lord's day" and "its sacred nature" by legislation that moved the opponents of this Sunday fishing bill. This is evidenced again by the list of organizations which sent in protests against the bill. Some of the leg-islators " brought out the fact that the bill was opposed by the very best people of the State of Massachusetts " by citing the protests on file against it. Accord-ing to the organ from which we are quoting the protests came from these sources: New England Sabbath League; United So-ciety of Christian Endeavor (international) ; ' W. C. T. U. of Massachusetts ; W. C. T. U. of Boston and vicinity; Congregational, Bap-tist, Methodist Episcopal and Universalist Ministers' Meetings of Boston and vicinity;.  Universalist Young People's Union (na-tional) ; New England Methodist Episcopal Conference; scores of churches of different denominations; hundreds of citizens, bishops,. pastors, business men and laborers. The Boston Traveler said that the only explanation that occurred to it why the legislators refused to legalize what "they realize will proceed as usual along the shores of Massachusetts Bay " was that they thought perhaps " the refusal to legalize Sunday fishing would appease some people without doing harm to any-one." The above list leaves no doubt as. to the class of people appeased by this action, and the reason why they are ap-peased is equally plain from what we have already presented. The Traveler made this comment in an editorial headed, "A Foolish Sunday Law " : Strong arguments were made in favor of the legalization of Sunday fishing. It was urged that it would give workmen who are imprisoned in the shops of the cities six days in the week an opportunity to get out on the ocean and enjoy the fresh air and rest which would come to them from such a change; that it would not in any way interfere with any man's liberties, nor public worship, and would be far less harmful [disturbing?' than the whirling of the street-cars, automobiles, bicycles, the playing of golf, etc. All these arguments are true, but nevertheless every man who beguiles a flounder or a perch from Massachusetts waters on Sunday is a criminal. Is this wise? No one expects that there will be any attempt to enforce the law, and it is safe to say that there will be as .much salt water fishing as there would have been had the proposed bill to legalize it become a law. The only difference will be that the present conditions will tend inevitably to disrespect of law. What is the use of having on the statute books laws that are only to be dis-regarded? Laws that can be, that are in-tended to be, enforced are the only ones that should be passed. Perfunctory laws intended only as boogies to satisfy certain extreme elements should have no place in our State legislation. 