THE CIVIL SABBATH: ITS ALLIANCE WITH LEGAL RUM 339 by the front door, side door, back door or cellar door ; and coming back to my work Monday morning with a pounding head-ache, infinitely worse off than if I had pursued my usual labor all day the day before. What part of that day does God get? What sort of rest do I get? Who gets the profit ? Judge Sprague, of Massachusetts, in addressing a legislative committee, said : "It is a profound observation that the morality of no people can be main-tained above the morality of their laws." The morality of the civil sabbath stands at the level of a rest from physical labor. It is intended to cater to the welfare of the body. It cannot touch the welfare of the soulŠit has no right to. Logical men no longer attempt to clothe it with such right. The morality of the civil sabbath stands at that level, and so long as that is their law the morality of the people cannot rise above it. The morality of the hallowed Sab-bath stands at the level of a change from worldly matters to spiritual matters; from serving our own needs six days to working for God one day. It is not a lazy day, but rather as far from it as laziness is removed from Godliness. It proposes to interest us in divine things. It does so by drafting our energies to that business. The morality of the hallowed Sabbath stands at that level, and so long as God's command is their law the morality of the people will be rising to it. "As much higher as God's ways and thoughts are above man's, so much more potent is His law than man's to.give us the Sabbath." The civil sabbath proposes a recon-struction for the physical manŠnot for the spiritual. It accomplishes neither. The hallowed Sabbath proposes a recon-struction for the spiritual man and ac-complishes both through the wiser plan  of the rightful Lord of the Sabbath day. "Satan finds some mischief still for idle hands to do." The saloon is the manufactory of law breakers and laws broken. Another law, is simply more grist for its mill. It does not and never did respect any law ever made for its regulation. Legitimate business men submit to the Sunday law. Liquor men do not. Honest men have a day to fill with something. Liquor men have something with which to fill it. And therein lies the rum trade's pdradiseŠeverybody idle but the bartender. We hear the trade clamoring for the repeal of the Sunday law so far as it ap-plies to themselves, but whoever heard one of them asking for the repeal of the rest of it ? No! No! They know that for them it is the best thing that ever happened. They know that when men are at work they will not be in the sa-loon. They know that when they are not at work some of them will be in the saloon. They know that so long as men are idle the saloon will do business in spite of the law. They know another thing, and they get off in a corner and shake their sides with laughter at the men who spend all their energies for prohibition on Sunday and have no time left for prohibition the other six days. They are not afraid of prohibition one day. They are afraid of prohibition all the time. The Devil never invented a better scheme to stave off his downfall than prohibition one day in seven. The Devil never invented a bet-ter scheme to boost his business than forcing everybody else to be idle while he rakes in the shekels. The Prohibition Party is vitally and mightily concerned in this matter. A mighty wrong is being done. Christian men are responsible for it. By the very nature of its make-up the Prohibition Party is in danger of assuming the same Ł 