510  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY portant missions." There are strange ideas obtaining now-a-days as to what marks the success of American institu-tions, but this is one of the strangest yet. There was a time when the sending of an American emissary to the Vatican would have been looked upon as a pretty good indication of the failure of American in-stitutions. Bishop Thoburn, of the Methodist Episcopal Church, says that Governor Taft "occupies one of the most prominent positions in the Oriental world," and that as governor-general of the Philippines he "represents the President of the United States very much in the same way that Lord Curson, as governor-general of In-dia, represents the king of England." It is not difficult to perceive this analogy. And it is a matter of no small significance that it has come to pass with the Ameri-can Republic that its President in one respect occupies a position analogous to that of the king of England, and that one of its representatives sustains the same relation to an alien people as does the English viceroy of India to its subjected millions. ¥ Just as we are closing our forms for this issue a dispatch from Richmond, Va., under date of.  June 22, appears in the press stating that "a case involving the right of Seventh-day Adventists to labor on Sunday is attracting no little attention in the Page County courts of this State." It states that a member of that denomina-tion was arrested for hauling wood on Sunday, that the magistrate had decided adversely to him, and that the case had been appealed with the purpose of test-ing the validity of the Sunday law. This appeal was probably taken from some court of minor jurisdiction in which the case was heard immediately following  the arrest. We have had no word regard-ing the matter, but hope to report it fully in our next issue. In an "allocution" delivered in Rome on June 9 at a "consistory" attended by Governor Taft and the other Americans of his party, Pope Leo "deplored the acts of the enemies of the Catholic faith in `seeking to de-Christianize Italy, particu-larly Rome, by spreading heresy and Protestantism by writings and speeches.' " And yet there are those who declaim upon the growing liberality of the Papacy, and greatly rejoice over the "outstretched hand" which they claim to see extending from that quarter toward the "separated brethren"Ñ"those Chris-tion bodies which are not in communion with the Church of Rome." They who suppose that the Papacy ever extends her hand for any other purpose than her own advancement do not understand her. According to press reports, Senator Lodge declared to the graduating class of the Yale Law School, on June 24, that if the movement for the election of sen-ators by direct popular vote succeeds, "the balance of the Constitution will be destroyed, centralization will advance with giant strides, and we shall enter upon a period of constitutional revolu-tion of which the end cannot be foretold." This country has already entered upon a period of constitutional revolution far more serious that any that could possibly follow from the adoption of the pro-posed change in the method of selecting United States senators. It is remarkable that those who see no dangerous trend whatever in the repudiation of the Dec-laration of Independence can discover such overwhelming danger in the propo sition to elect senators by popular suf-frage. 