616 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. ness proposition, and the change from devoutness to habit, and the departure from habit in favor of a Sunday outing, has not more than kept pace with the degeneracy of preaching or the lofty ideal of carrying the Word of Life to the ears of all people and all nations, into a. businessŠa business which is paid for as the services of a lawyer or a doctor are paid for. Lacking the example of the real godli-ness of church members and church leaders, the people have naturally, and it does not appear to me altogether unreasonably, decided that there is so much that is secular in the church, and so much that is beautiful in nature, and restful and changeful in an outing, that they have decided that one is per-haps quite as elevating as the other, and that the out-ing is perhaps the more healthful and restful of the two. That there are occasional exhibitions of rowdy-ism in the parks and on the Island is to be expected, for where a large number of people gather together the conspicuously ill-behaved person will always be found. In churches this conspicuously ill-mannered person is also found. He may not swear or try to fight, but he treats people badly; he sneers at his brethren and treats with contempt or ignores with cheap hauteur the poor and the anxious. Rowdy-ism, consequently, though of _different varieties, is to be found in both places, and probably the sort which utters no unclean word or strikes no physical blow is the worse of the two. No doubt some churches make everyone welcome, and probably some preachers are always seeking to make an im-pression on the hearts of their listeners, but the fact should never be overlooked that you can not have the common people on the first day of the week if you ignore, starve or overwork them the other six. The remedy that the Westminster proposes is to aid the Lord's Day Alliance by " co-operation and financial support." 0 blind leaders! Have you been taught nothing by the lessons of the past? Why would you try again by the enaction of laws which the people will defy, to fill your pews to over-flowing by forcing those who seek a change of scene and circumstance to'worshipwith you because they have nowhere else to go? The world years ago rolled away from that idea of godliness. Are you in such desperate straits that laws must be enacted practically compelling people either to stay at home, go for a perhaps wearisome walk, or else attend church? The majority of people are physically weary on Sunday. All week artisans have been  shut up in workshops, clerks in warehouses, and women have been within doors drudging for their families. In the bright summer, on the only day they have you would make them march to a hot and stuffy church from which even the regular preacher has fled for a summering, or else they must lose all the pleasure Of contact with a more or less desirable crowd of their fellow-beings. Going for' a walk is just as bad as going to the Island or going to a park, and it is much more tiring and less interesting. I believe that people are much better off if they go to church at least once on a Sunday, for it keeps fresh the memory of the teachings of youth and all that is good in their nature, unless the man in the pulpit preaches the good all out of them in trying to get doctrine into them. But if they see fit to stay away it is their business, it is their souls that are to be saved or lost, and the Lord's Day Alliance can not by any legal means drive them into heaven through the portals of a church. The Lord's Day Alliance practically denies the doctrine of free will, and then must fall back upon Calvinism, which I presume is still held as a sacred dogma by the edi-tor of the Westminster. If so, what matters it? If they are elected to be saved, they will be saved any-how, and if the are predestined to be damned, they will be damned anyhow. The editor of the Westminster need not fear that the workers of the civilized world will yeld up the franchise which gives them a day of rest. The whole tendency of organized labor, and for that mat-ter, to a certain extent, of organized capital is to re-duce the number of hours of work per week. Ten hours a day is now considered too long fOr any man or woman to work, and almost universally in Anglo-Saxon workshops it has been cut down to nine. In Canada the clamor for an eight-hour day is growing greater every year. The Saturday half-holiday, par-ticularly in the summer, is an established institution as well. These reforms have been brought about without impinging in the slightest upon Sunday as a day of complete rest. The economics of labor are proving that men can do as much work in nine hours as they formerly did in ten, and that it may be pos-sible that they can do as much work in eight hours as they are now doing in nine, though I doubt it. The fact remains; however, that labor is now organ-ized as it never was when the churches held their supreme sway, and that workingmen have obtained for themselves in the matter of rest what the church 