THE PHILADELPHIA DECISION 251 of the State in 1794, and in that year we had no water works, no iron pipes, no steamboats, no canals, no railroads, no gas, no telegraph, no Atlantic cable and only one stone turnpike, all of which are matters of indispensable neces-sity and coming clearly within the necessity exception of the Sunday law." This statement was made in 1867; what might the learned judge have said if he were living in the year 1903. This city, with a population of 1,300,000, with steam railroads leading to every known point of the United States, water-works, two lines of telegraph en- circling the globe, steamboats, gas, telephones that bring millions within speaking distance of one's library, thousands of cars propelled by electricity, electric lighting that is fast becom- ing generally used; with over 250,000 dwellings, and business buildings that reach in height al-most that of the Tower of Babel, with streets paved with asphalt, then an unknown commod-ity; with industries such as locomotive works, shipbuilding yards and textile industries, the largest of their kind in the world, yet none of these were in existence in 1794, when this act was passed. There were but a few news-papers, and their circulation must of necessity have been very limited, and only one of which, the North American, has continued its publica-tion to the present time. Now there are at least six newspapers whose combined circula-tion on Sunday, together with those from other cities, numbers at least 500,000 copies. The growth and development of the State has been equally marvelous, and in some places, like Pittsburg, especially so in particular ways, such as the manufacture of steel. To say, therefore, that this development and wonderful growth of State and city did not make many things a necessity to-day which were not a necessity when the act was passed would be to ignore an obvious and patent truth. How uncertain then is that act of Assembly called a criminal statute which has the fact of crime changing from day to day, or year to year, or decade to decade, and how shall the citizen know when the social conditions have so changed and the social cus-toms so altered as that an act once criminal has become " necessary "? I am quite sure, from the conflicting opinions of the judges of the Supreme Court, and the absolute impossibility to fix a classification or fixed rule as to what constitutes a "worldly employment " or " necessary work " on Sunday. that it would be an assumption of power and authority for me to impose my individual con-struction upon the act of any one brought be-fore me by determining according to my opin-ion whether such act was or was not a " neces- sity " to him or the community, and therefore a crime; and especially in this case I am quite unwilling to say that my opinion of whether the publication of the newspapers by defend-ants was a work of necessity is better than the 400,000 people who purchased them. I am asked to find that the publication on Sunday of the newspapers of defendants is a " necessity," and therefore within the excep- tion of the act; and, furthermore, that the in-formation must aver that the act charged against the defendants as a crime was not one of the excepted works of the statute, and this being material averment it must be established by evidence. I have no hesitation in finding the latter contention of defendants to be sound. . . . In the case of Omit vs. Common-wealth, 21 Pa., 431, Woodward, J., held: "Some of our number are of the opinion that the conviction is defective in that it does not act out that the selling the liquor was not a work of charity or necessity." I am, therefore, of opinion that the defect in the information by the omission to so aver that the publication and sale of the newspapers on Sunday was not a " necessity " and " char-ity " is fatal, and such an averment being ma-terial proof that such publication was not a work of " necessity " or " charity " was indis-pensable, and its omission is fatal to the prose- cution, and if for no other reason I should be compelled to discharge the defendants. Whether the publication of a newspaper of general circulation on a Sunday is a work of " necessity " seems at least in the cases now be-fore me to be unnecessary, as the defendants are discharged and the proceedings dismissed upon other grounds and for other reasons as above stated. If it were necessary, however, to determine this question I should certainly be inclined to decide it as a matter of fact only in the affirmative. At this point the magistrate called at-tention to the marvelous development of the public press, and its great usefulness and service to society as shown in a number of particulars. Following this it was declared : For many other and equally good reasons, which it seems useless to mention, the press is a necessity, and I should so consider it, even if I was not aware that at least 400,000 persons buy, and perhaps equally as many more read, newspapers [on Sunday]. Following this, however, it was pointed out that in a comparatively recent case 