Some " Sabbath" Sermons By the Editor O N Sunday, June 15, the pastors of four of the principal churches of Clinton, Mass., preached on "The Sabbath and Its Proper Observance," and the sermons were quite fully report-ed in the Daily Item of that place on the following day. Inasmuch as the idea of legal coercion in this matter was made quite prominent, we will briefly call at-tention to some of the points made. Among the texts chosen were Ex. zo : 8, "Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy ;" Mark 2 : 27, 28, "The Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sab-bath ; therefore the Son of Man is Lord also of the Sabbath ;" and Rev. I : to, "I was in the spirit on the Lord's day." It was argued by all the speakers that the law of Sabbath rest was not an arbitrary one, but inherent in man's highest needs, being a physical, intellectual and moral necessity. And, as usual, this argument was at some points pushed into the ridic-ulous, it being contended that not only men and beasts, but machinery "appeal for a day of rest." The Methodist minis-ter devoted himself at some length to the question "as to whether Saturday or Sunday is the proper day for Sabbath ob-servance," and in this connection pro-pounded the very pertinent question : "Have we any divine authority for ob-serving the first day of the week as the Christian Sabbath ?" He declared that "a comparatively small division of the Chris-tian church, whose ratio to the entire church is estimated as one to about 700, answer this question in the negative, . . . and so array themselves as enemies of the Christian Sabbath." Instead of giv-ing his own answer and presenting his reasons, he merely asserted that while  "the apostles frequently met with the Jewish converts on the Sabbath," it "was their undoubted custom to observe Sun-day, the Lord's day, as the Christian Sabbath ;" and he further attempted to befog the whole matter of Sabbath ob-servance for the whole period of its his-tory preceding the time when "the apos-tolic fathers"( who were the only "author-ities" cited by him for this change) transferred the observance to Sunday. Ignoring the fact that his point was a mere quibble, utterly destitute of force until it can be shown that six successive days and the day immediately following do not constitute a week, and that the day immediately following the first six days of time on this planet and every seventh day from that one down as long as days continue to come and go, is not the sev-enth day of the week, he declared that he had never found in the Bible the expres-sion "the seventh day of the week," and that therefore he had no assurance that the seventh day which God blessed and sanctified was the seventh day of the week ! He thought there was a distinc-tion "between the Sabbath itself and the day or period on which it is placed." De-cidedly a distinction without a difference, we should say. He declared that "a can-did Bible student who had spent twenty-five years in investigating this question" had found that "no existing calendar af-fords information regarding the Sabbath before the Christian era," but this was followed by the rather irreconcilable statement that "the institution, however, was sacredly kept by divine appointment" during all this time. Yes, it was ; and if there was nothing definite about it how could it have been kept, and how could 