NOTE AND COMMENT 323 cuted. On the other hand many com-munes have been fined for refusing to elect conscription boards for carrying out the military service edict, and the chair-man of the Helsingfors school board has been compelled to resign. The Medical Board of Finland has resigned rather than have anything to do with the carry-ing out of the military levy. Such a condition of affairs points to serious trouble if the Russian government per-sists, which it is very apt to do. 9 The little dependency of Guam is call-ing for some measure of self-govern-ment. A petition signed by thirty-two persons who describe themselves as "cit-izens of the island of Guam, a depen-dency of the United States of America," has been forwarded to Congress. It states that military government is radical-ly unsuited for the island and is distaste-ful and repugnant to fundamental prin-ciples, and says that the petitioners are anxious to "mold our institutions to the American standard, and prepare our-selves and our children for the obliga-tions and the enjoyments of the rights to which, as loyal subjects of the United States, we feel ourselves rightfully en-titled." The petition is indorsed by Commander Schroeder, governor of the island, and ptominent journals which ridicule and oppose all suggestions of any such thing with regard to the Fili-pinos, declare that "the petition should receive prompt attention." But then Guam is not the Philippines. Judge Simeon E. Baldwin, professor of constitutional law at Yale University, in a recent lecture to workingmen at Hartford, created somewhat of a sensa-tion by declaring that "American work-men eat too much, especially too much meat." His statement has been rein- forced by Dr. Cyrus Edson, who says that 'tall Americans eat too much meat." He says that men who do physical labor should eat meat but once a day, and that after the hardest work of the day is over. He recommends fruit and starchy foods for the morning and midday meals. Judge Baldwin also made these signifi-cant statements in the same lecture: "De-spitb the fact that the nation is growing richer, the people generally are not sav-ing as much in proportion as did their an-cestors half a century ago. Everyone strives to live as well as his neighbor. Display, extravagance, and dash are ever in evidence." This means that luxury is succeeding frugality; that the acquired and cultivated wants and desires of the people are more than keeping pace with the marvelous increase of wealth. Ł On March 13 District Attorney Jerome sent to the New York legislature a brief concerning the Sunday saloon question. He gave fourteen reasons why the bill modifying the piesent Sunday closing law should become a law. The brief be-gan as follows : Under democratic forms of government a law is not permanently enforceable by elected authorities where a large number of persons in the locality do not consider the; act for-bidden as immoral in itself, and are unwilling to accord obedience to the law. In Greater New York there are a large number of people who do not consider it immoral to enter a saloon and, take a drink on Sunday. New York is a cosmopolitan city and its inhabitants, being citizens and voters, have a right to have their wishes respected and their tastes and habits considered, whether they be foreign-born or native-born. It was pointed out that the greater number of the saloon-keepers were vio-lating the law anyhow, and would con-tinueŁ to do so; that the alleged hotels kept in existence in order to enable liquor 