EDITORIAL 291 5elleiluneil OF CHRISTIAN LOEWY Set for the defense of human rights from the standpoint of Christianity. The only periodical in the United States wholly devoted to exposing and oppos-ing the increasing movements and tendencies of the present time which either directly aim at or logically tend to the employment of the power of law in the domain of conscience, in subversion of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as SecondŁclass matter at the New York Postoffice. (See close of reading matter for terms of subscription, etc.) DECLARATION OF PRINCIPLES We believe in the religion taught by. Jesus Christ. We believf in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil govern-ment, and submitting to its authority. We deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on religious ques-tions. We believe it is the right and should be the privilege of every man to worship God according to the dictates of his own conscience, or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty to use every lawful and honorable means to oppose and prevent religious legisla-tion, to the end that every individual may enjoy the inestimable blessings of libert'.. VOL. 17. APRIL, 1902. No. 5 The highest form of government is self-government. The worst things in the world are per-versions of the best things. The rights of the majority are not in-consistent with the duties of the major-ity. It is the duty of the majority to protect the rights of the minority. Not to govern the world but to save individuals is the mission of the Chris-tian church. An act which affects but one individ-ual may be as unjust as one that affects a million persons. If the church and the state are iden-tical in purpose one of them has no ex-cuse for existence. The state is coeval not with human society, but with human sovereignty and human subjectionŠwith human ambition to rule and to be exalted over others. A man has no more right to observe Sunday than he has to observe any other day, and hence he has no right to pro-tection in this matter which does not ex-tend to all days alike. Ł Ł Religious intolerance is often mani- fested through civil legislation. The state cp.n strike at the religion and con-science of the individual only by abridg-ing his natural, human rights. 0 The divine constitution of society calls for an alliance between the soul and God, not between church and state. The one alliance means self-government ; the other means outrageous despotisfn. Ł To serve God is to observe every just law of the state, for the service of God is the service of love, and "love worketh no ill to his neighbor." But to serve the state is not to serve God, for the state is not God. 0 In the divine constitution of society is no provision for government either by church or state. There is only self-gov-ernmentŠthe government of principleŠ 