THE SUNDAY CLOSING CRUSADE IN CHICAGO 821 Union will also begin an agitation for Sunday observance," with the purpose of trying "to educate the people not only to buy their milk on Saturday, but to be content with one delivery on week days." The action of the teamsters "has the sup-port of their national organization." 'They first "declared against all Sunday work for themselves," and then they went further. "They are employed on the market, grocery, cracker, pie, milk, and ice wagons," and "every shopkeeper who persists in ordering his men to work on Sundays has been told that he will be cut off from team service during the week days until he agrees to close on Sunday," and "any attempt tp send out non-union teamsters will be the signal for trouble." In the Chicago NewsŁ of No-vember 14, Business Agent Bender of the Teamsters' National Union was quoted as saying : When God from Mount Sinai gave Moses the commandment, "Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work," He intended that the milkman, the market teamster and the clerk should not be excepted. At the present time, however, a great many persons seem to think the commandment has no reference to such workers. It has, and we intend to make an attempt to persuade all classes of people to assist in making Sunday observance a possi-bility. On the following Sunday, November i6, teamsters and market drivers went out with the clerks and meat cutters, in some instances driving wagons at the head of the procession, and there were demonstrations similar to those of the previous Sundays. On the North Side the meat cutters and butchers, aided by clerks and teamsters, "called on all the stores open," and at some places "be-came so insistent in their demands that the police were called out." At one open barber shop that was besieged by union barbers a window was smashed, and "a  brick was thrown through the broken window, narrowly missing a customer." A riot call was turned in and the police called out. On the South Side a very similar disturbance took place in front of a grocery store into which union clerks tried to force their way against the will of the proprietor and his employees. A wagon load of policemen were sent to this place. At other places on the South Side "where clerks approached proprie-tors, agreements were reached to close the stores on Sunday in the future." It was explained to the owners that even though they might themselves act in the ca-pacity of clerks and allow the help the day off, it would be sufficient excuse for other con-cerns to keep open, owing to the competition for trade, and in these places it would be necessary to keep a force of clerks on hand. All this was very appropriately termed "the demonstration method," for it cer-tainly went beyond "a campaign of sen-timent." At last accounts "plans for a more effective campaign" were being out-lined, and "a continuation of the dem-onstrations" had been ordered. "On the whole the clerks and their allied as-sociates are pleased at the result of their work, and predict that it will be but a short time before they succeed in accom-plishing the complete closing of all stores on Sunday, in which work they are being assisted from the pulpit and by the Sun-day Closing League." The president of the clerks' federation declares that he has never before known so much enthusiasm to be manifested in the matter of Sun-day closing, and the Chicago Record-Herald says the movement "promises to be the most successful of any campaign of this nature that has been inaugurated in Chicago for years." The tone of the Chicago press is very favorable to the movement, though little is said of the re-cent methods of "demonstration" that have so conspicuously marked it. 