THE PAPAL THEORY OF CHURCH AND STATE 213 more is not a Christian entitled to claim religion as the primary basis of all gov-ernment. Although with the Jews only God made His covenant, and though to His chosen people alone He gave the new promise, yet the law of God was written in the heart of the heathen, and the Pagan State prepared the way for the coming of the Church. The State, di-vine in its origin, preserved among the heathen nations the principle of authority and the idea of religion. Though dis-torted and confused, the primitive revela-tion was dimly visible in the laws and usages, in the oath and in the curse, in the prayer and the sacrifice of the heathen world. Even in the human sacrifices the idea is reflected that the sin of man can only be redeemed by the blood of man. The image of God, then, though distort-ed and transmuted, was everywhere visi-ble in the heathen world. Cicero tells us that : "Ipsisque in hominibus nulla gens est, neque tam mansueta, neque tam fera, quae non, etiamsi ignoret qualem habere Deum debeat, tamen habendum sciat." (Cic. De Off.) But wherever the idea of God existed there religion was a public institution. A State without religion, public life without a sacrifice and a sacri-ficial priest, was an idea unknown to the Pagan world. Such an idea is due to the fictitious enlightenment of the nineteenth century, and its practise is reserved to the United States, in the New World, and in Europe, as yet, to Belgium alone.1  1  This paragraph is important. Let it be carefully noted that the doctrine that the care of divine things is the first business of the state, and that religion is the basis of civil government, is of heathen and pagan origin, and from that source it was received by "the Church." Let it also a noted that the idea adopted by the United States with reference to the relation of religion and civil government was one "unknown to the pagan world," and which we are told "is due to the fictitious enlightenment of the nineteenth century." As we shall see later, the papal doctrine in this matter is but a continuation of the pagan doc-trine under the externals of Christianity; for "the Pagan state ["divine in its origin," and with the care of religion as its chief business] prepared the way for the coming of the church [which perpetuated the same practise of the union of religion and the state, with this change, that the state was no longer su. In some of the nations of antiquity, as in Egypt, the sacerdotal authority even absorbed the royal power; in the Roman Empire, on the other hand, the high-priesthood was annexed to the Imperial dignity. But Christianity, rejecting these two opposite extremes of error, intro-duced just relations between the temporal and spiritual. powers. The Church was not identified with the State, neither did it absorb the royal power. The two pow-ers were united, but distinct. One of the first relations, however, of the Church to the State is its recognition of the divine origin of the civil power and its inculca-tion of the universal duty of obedience. But this obedience is not to be of a sla-vish character, but a willing and lawful subjection. It is the duty of the State on its side to protect the rights of every man and to provide for all a quiet and well. regulated life, and in this manner to co-operate with the Church, whose divine character it is bound to recognize, in the common end of leading men to salvation. The Church, on the other hand, in virtue of the power which she has received from God, has the right to require from the civil governor, as from the individual Christian, that he should receive from her hands the divine law, and act in obe-dience to her interpretation of its pre-cepts. In this obedience lies the basis of the relation between the Church and the Civil Power. (Philipp's Kirchenrecht, vol. ii.) 2  preme, but became the tool of the ecclesiastical ma-chine]." This last state was worse than the first. a That is, the basis for the proper relation between the church and the civil power, from the papal standpoint, lies neither in the absolute union nor in the separation of the two powers, but in the absolute subserviency of the civil power to the church. This sort of distinction and separation between church and state is gaining favor rapidly in this country to-day. This idea is suoposed to be something new by those religio-political "reformers" who, with Sunday bills and other religious measures in their hands, blandly declare that they are as much opposed to a union of church and state as anybody; that all they want is that the state shall be "animated and con-trolled by religion." This idea is as old as the PapacyŠin fact the Papacy is this idea manifested in visible and organic form. 