THE CHRISTIAN IDEAL OF A CIVIL GOVERNMENT  73 crowned prelates, its lord-bishops, its se-lect few, its inner circle, or its cordon of ecclesiastical police to act as body-guard around its holy of holies. These religions have in this way been guilty of cruel oppression, unduly exalting the few and degrading the many. Such was the teaching and practise of the Pharisees when Jesus came upon the world's stage. His disciples thought the same thing would continue with change of persons. Two of them even urged that they might occupy the highest posi-tion in Christ's commonwealth. Jesus rebuked them in these words : "Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exercise dominion over them, and they that are great exercise authority upon them. But it shall not be so among you: but whoso-ever will be great among you, let him be your minister; and whosoever will be chief among you, let him be your serv-ant." Matt. 20: 25-27. Neither was this a matter of mere general, social or political equality ; it pertained to matters ecclesiastical and spiritual. For on another occasion, as the proud Pharisee in his self-ordained dignity and pomp strutted before them, receiving the homage of servile minds, Jesus said to His disciples : "But be not ye call Rabbi; for one is your Master, even Christ, and all ye are brethren. And call no man your father upon the earth ; for One is your Father, which is in heaven. Neither be ye called masters ; for One is your master, even Christ. But he that is greatest among you shall be your servant." Matt. 23: 8-11. Thus the Teacher taught that the true measure of greatness is service rendered. The apostle Peter, claimed by the Church of Rome as its head, thus in- structed the church elders : "The elders which are among you I exhort, who am  also an elder, and a witness of the suffer-ings of Christ, and also a partaker of the glory that shall be revealed; feed the flock of God which is among you, taking the oversight thereof, not by constraint, but willingly; not for filthy lucre, but of a ready mind; neither as being lords over God's heritage, but being ensamples to the flock." i Peter 5:  1-3. The apostle of Jesus Christ was a serv-ant, not a lord ; an ensample, not an op-pressor. Those who are truly Peter's followers will teach and work as did Peter. Other Scriptures might be quoted, but these clearly evidence that one of the corner stones of Christianity is the equal-ity of man in the exercise of his God-given rights; for "God is no respecter of persons." He has made no man the arbitrary ruler or oppressor of his fel-low-men, either politically or ecclesiasti-cally. The second grand principle is the right of choice, the right to believe or disbe-lieve, to reject or accept without regard to what men might think, the individual responsible alone to God, the Supreme Court of the universe. Here is this glo-rious principle enunciated by Jesus Christ : "If any man hear My words, and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world. He that rejecteth Me, and receiveth not My words, hath one that judgeth him; the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day." John 12: 47, 48. What Christ would not do Himself, he has not committed to erring mortals. Nay, more ; He has precluded erring mortals from judging by appointing the evidence of condemnation, and the time of its application, "the last day." How dare men presume to elevate themselves 