THE LOVE OF POWER AND THE POWER OF LOVE [See frontispiece.] THE source and basis of all good is the spirit of self-sacrifice. The source and basis of all evil is the spirit of self-exaltation. The one is the spirit of unselfishness, of service, of ministry to others; the other is the spirit of selfishness, of domination, of rule over and exaction of service from others. The moral discord of the universe is but the conflict between these two spirits. Here is the great dividing line between righteousness and iniquity. The spirit of self-sacrificeŠof loveŠis powerful, for it is the spirit that has produced all things that are good. It is the spirit which made and upholds the created universe. The spirit of self-exaltation craves and demands above all things else, power, or rather that which appears to it to be powerŠauthority, rule, supremacy for itself over others. It knows nothing higher than this. To exercise dominion is its all-absorbing and consuming passion. The sway over others of the spirit of self-sacrifice is the noblest of which the mind can conceive. It is a communion of soul with soul. Its power is a spiritual force; a quickening, invigorating, creative influence that elevates the mind and nourishes and expands the soul. It produces kindred power in others, vivifies and enlarges their faculties, and breathes into them the love of truth and righteousness. It rouses and fortifies the will, inspires with the purpose of right-doing, and not only stirs the soul to high convictions of truth and duty, but bestows upon it the power to follow such convictions. It makes those upon whom it is exercised more and more free. It is mightiest when most gentle. It is the upholder and guardian of all right. It has been the source of every good and every joy that has blessed the existence of intelligent beings. It is the power of truth, of virtue, of love, of God. The sway exerted over others by the spirit of self-exaltation is the most ignoble, the most terrible thing, of which the mind can conceive. It is the subjection by outward force of being to being; the domination of might regardless of right. It is a compulsive, coercive force; a cruel, terrifying, despotic power, which enfeebles and wastes away the spirit and force of all to whom its blight extends. It is twice cursed; it curses him who oppresses as well as him who is oppressed. It enslaves, crushes, and destroys. It robs men of the free use of their faculties, narrows their natures, takes them out of their own hands, makes them the mere instruments of others' elevation, and subjects their wills to the arbitrary will of another, who in such a case is always a despot and tyrant. The passion for this sort of power has been the great scourge of the earth. "This is the sway which men grasp at most eagerly. To govern others has always been thought the highest function on earth. To reign, to give laws, to clothe their wills with omnipotence, to annihilate all other wills, to spoil the individual of that self-direction which is his most precious rightŠthis has ever been deemed by multitudes the highest prize for competi-tion and conflict. The most envied men have been those who have succeeded in prostrating multitudes, in subjecting whole communities to their single will. If any crime should be held up to unmeasured reprobation and placed by society beyond pardon, it is this of the lust of domination. It has made the names of king and priest the most appalling in history; for this power has been exerted most conspicuously and perniciously by these two classes of menŠthe priest, or minister of religion, and the civil ruler. Both have relied upon the same instrument, that is, pain or terror; the first calling to his aid the torments and penalties of the future world and practising on the natural dread of invisible powers; and the latter availing himself of chains, dungeons, and gibbets in the present life. Through these terrible applications man has, 