520 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. NEWS, NOTEr a*  li"g"  1 RNO COMMENT immyymff   IT is reported from Philiadelphia that unusual ac-tivity in enforcing the Sunday law prevails in that city, and an organization has been formed known as the Business Man's League, for the purpose of mak-ing Sunday enforcement an issue in the politics of Pennsylvania. AT the recent State conference of Maine Congre-gationalists, held in Auburn, a committee was' ap-pointed to "make a study of the civil and religious observance of Sunday in that State." A PROMINENT London paper suggests the dese-cration of the graves of the ancestors of the impe-rial family at Peking, as a wholesome lesson in civili-zation. Should this not be—saficient to -impress the Orientals with.the superiority of Western manners, probably,  they could be fully convinced by shooting a few score of poor wretches from the cannon's mouth, as was done in India half a century ago. Let the reputation of the great "Christian nations " be maintained at all hazards. Ł " SUNDAY golf," remarks the Springfield Republican, " and the favorite diversion among the summer colony of bridge whist for stakes, were denounced, and the fashionable folk who play them were severely arraigned by Rev. Dr. Braddin Hamilton, of New York, in his sermon at All Saints' chapel in New-port " on a recent Sunday. It would seem from the Republican's report that the chief count in the Doctor's indictment of the game was that it keeps people from church. The speaker said: ." Show the people of this country that the boast-ful, vulgar, brainless spendthrift is not the ideal citi-zen of this country. There are a good many people who might be excused if they spend Sunday in recreation and amusements, but the people of Newport have no such excuse, and the young man or young woman who will desert church on Sunday morning and go and play golf have very.little re-spect for themselves and far less for the community which they are leading in the wrong." Mr. Hamilton seems to feel about Sunday golf much as the bishops did in the fourth century about the circus. Then the people resorted to the circus and allowed the hour of worship to go by unheeded. Now the people read the Sunday papers, play golf, etc. Of course this is bad, but the remedy generally proposed, namely, more rigid Sunday laws and stricter enforcement of such laws, will not work any better now than it did then. A SABBATARIAN at Oak River, Manitoba, recently received through the mails a threatening letter warn-ing him to cease " distributing " his " most damna-ble doctrine." This " most damnable doctrine " is the doctrine that Sunday is not the Sabbath, and that " the sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." That which makes this doctrine so " damnable " is the fact that those who hold and teach it can prove it by so many plain texts of Scripture. Doubtless if the writer of the letter referred to had been able to produce a " thus saith the Lord'" for his belief and practice touching a weekly day of rest, instead of writing an anonymous letter he would have gone to the Sabbatarian brother, would have asked him to open his Bible, and then and there he would have shown him the text which says that the seventh day has ceased to be the Sabbath and that the first day has now taken its place. But conscions of his weakness, of his inability to Ł meet the arguments of the Sabbatarian, he'attempts to frighten him into silence by covert threats of per-sonal 'violence. Such methods are unworthy of a man, to say nothing of a Christian. OUR readers will remember that several weeks ago mention was made in these columns of the threatened religious persecution in Sas Katchewan, Canada. A woman, who is a Sabbatarian, whose husband was away from home, did some work on a wheat-field fence on Sunday. A few days later her husband, having returned home, was visited by a member of the Dominion police force, who gave him a copy of the Sunday law, intimating that any further breach of the law would probably result un-pleasantly, even if the offender was a woman. By inquiry we have learned that this woman thus threatened by the majesty of a religious law, lives in a rural community seventy-five miles from a railroad. It is a new settlement and while the 