454 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Henry Shapiro, and Maurice Bercovitz were fined $io each "for working on the Lord's day." Ł One of the results of a recent series of revivals in Watertown, N. Dak., is an-nounced to be "a move to shut off Sab-bath desecration." Those engaged in the movement are "determined that Water-town shall have no Sunday ball or ex-cursions this summer," and are now "studying the statutes to decide upon their legal rights." Ł G. H. Gilbert, a barber of Winchester, Va., was recently arrested and fined "for keeping his barber shop open on Sun-day." At the time the police entered his shop to make the arrest one of his customers was a city councilman. This is said to have been the first enforcement of "the Sunday, blue laws" in Winches- ter for some time. :Ł Beginning with Sunday, May 4, the "selling of cigars, tobacco, ice cream, candies, soda water and other luxuries on Sundays" was forbidden in Williamsport, Pa. "All offenders will be arrested, and if proven guilty of a crime will be fined." The action of the authorities is "the out-come of numerous complaints made of late by church people and others." Ł Two men, one of them a seventh-day observer, were recently arrested at Rock Hall, Md., on the charge of Sunday labor. As nearly as we have been able to learn the prosecution has fallen through, the court before which the cases were called having referred the matter back to the committing magistrate, who was not disposed to consider it again. Ł E. R. Strome, a prominent merchant of Minto, N. Dak., was recently arrested and tried on the charge of "selling goods on the Sabbath day." "He was found guilty and sentenced to pay a heavy fine," and the word from the clerks of the place is that "he will be given plenty of atten-tion during the balance of the season if he does not agree to close with the bal- ance of the merchants." Ł The merchants of Lyons, Iowa, have been notified by the city authorities that "hereafter they must close all day Sunday under penalty of prosecution under the State law." The only exemptions to the order are restaurants, drug stores and liv-ery stables. It is said that "certain citi-zens, or an organization of citizens, are the ones who intend to see the law en- forced." Ł Although the Retail Grocers' Associa-tion of St. Joseph, Mo., has, in the recent decision of Police Judge Carolus declar-ing the present Sunday-closing ordinance invalid, met with what its president de-nominates "a stunner" in its efforts for Sunday closing by law, the campaign has not been given up, and with the coop-eration of the clerks', meat cutters', and butchers' organizations it proposes to se-cure the passage of a new ordinance. :Ł In response to the petitions of dealers in ice-cream, candies, fruit, mineral wa-ter, cigars, etc., a member of the Mon-treal, Canada, city council recently gave the requisite thirty days' notice that he would soon introduce an amendment to the present Sunday-closing ordinance so as to allow small shop keepers to keep open on Sundays. He expressed himself as strongly in favor of closing the large stores, many of which are said to be open on Sundays. Ł An Indianapolis jury, to which had been submitted "the legal issue of the validity of the Sunday-closing law," re- 