692 . THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Charta, the Petition of Right, and the Bill of Rights? What does English history mean if does not mean that "the law of the land" must be in harmony with the rights of the people, and that if it is not, it is "the law of the land" and not the rights of the people that must give way? This is a law of the land among Englishmen of more im-portance than any statute, especially one that can offer no other justifica-tion than that which has been the excuse and defense of every oppressive and despotic enactment that has ever disgraced the legislation of nations. Notwithstanding the sentiment that Sunday must be "a day of rest from labor" and the law backing it up, "certain works of necessity are per-mitted to be carried on on the first day of the week." This is done on the ground of "public necessity"Š"ur-gent" public need. Now we submit that this principle which permits Sun-day to be a day of work in some lines notwithstanding the sentiment and the law requiring it to be "a day of rest from labor," is the principle which should control and determine the inter-ference of the public with the liberty of citizens to work or to operate an "ordinary manufacture" or to engage in and carry on any business or indus-try on Sunday. Is the liberty of the citizen entitled to less regard than Sun-day as "a day of rest from labor," and is that liberty to be disregarded on any less urgent and important grounds than Sunday as " a day of rest from labor " is disregarded? The public has the right to interfere with the liberty of the citizen to work and do business only when public necessity, " urgent " pub-lic need, requires, and to the extent, and only to the extent, that public ne-cessity requires. And public necessity does not require any such interfer-ence as has been made in this recent instance in London, and which the Sun-day law authorizes and requires. It is not public necessity, "urgent" or other-wise, upon which the Sunday law rests and because of which it is enforced, but the religious character of the day. The statement that "the law is made for the protection of working people, and for the good order of society at large," is logically and historically false. Both the text and the history of the law show that instead of having been made "for the protection of working people and for the good order of society at large," it was made for the "protection" of the "Lord's day," and to maintain and guard by law the "sacred" and re-ligious character of Sunday by prevent-ing society at large from doing things that are no disturbance of the good order of society at all. Why does the Free Press in connection with this matter speak of keeping a day "for religion," and predict that if some other day than that prescribed by the Sunday law is so kept, "the result will be religious, social and moral chaos"? Why bring religion into a discussion affecting a civil law "for the protection of working people and for the good order of society at large"? Ah ! the Free Press does not bring it in; it is already there, and is bound to show it-self, in any discussion of the matter. The Sunday law is a law for enforcing a religious observance, and there is no escape from that fact. No talk about "the protection of working people" and "the good order of society" can hide that palpable fact. And does the Free Press really mean to tell us that people are not at liberty in Ontario "as a matter of conscience" to keep some other day than Sunday `.`for religion"? That is what it says, whether it means to say so or not. None who protest against the Sunday law have inter-preted it as going that far in its denial Ł 