SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must he a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. A petition " asking for the enforcement of the Sunday law " was circulated in Jackson, Minn., on August 3. The action was " aimed at the baseball club, which "bas Sunday games scheduled." An in- . junction against the playing was obtained, and " placed in the sheriff's hands for service." Charles Tiger, a barber at Rockaway Beach, L. I., was arrested on Sunday, July 19, " charged with a violation of the barber law." He " was found by a patrolman shaving a customer at 3: 10 o'clock," and " according to the barber law shops must close at i o'clock on Sundays." It was reported from Evansville, Ind., recently that " the citizens' league, under the leadership of the Rev. Dr. Whittle," was threatening " to take matters into its own hands if the law against Sunday opening of saloons is not rigidly en-forced." The mayor was about to take action in the matter. " Dr. Whittle says that after the saloons are closed on Sun-days he will begin a fight against Sunday baseball." It was reported recently in Des Moines, Iowa, papers that the secretary of the " busy preparing a letter which will be busy preparing a letter which will be sent out to all the grocers of the city, advising them of the law of the State regarding the closing of all stores." With this report the papers printed the text of the State law against " breach of the Sabbath." " The plan is to send to each one of the stores a letter advising them of the law, and then if they do not live up  to it it is proposed to enforce it by other means." It was reported from Vancouver, Wash., on July 3o, that " the threatened Love of the saloon-keepers in regard to the closing up of all business houses haF come to, pass." The preceding Sunday was the first Sunday in the history of the city when every business house which comes under the provisions of the State Sunday-closing law was closed, with the possible ex-ception of two lunch counters, the doors of which were open in opposition to the wishes of the saloonmen. Every business man was notified on Saturday not to open his place of business on Sunday, and there was general compliance with the order. All the cigar and confectionery establishments closed, as well as most of the restaurants. Nothing but hotels, livery stables and undertakers kept open. The saloonmen say that so long as they are com-pelled to keep their doors shut not a single place of business shall run. Baseball games will also be prohibited on Sundays. There may be legal complications. It was reported from Atlantic City, N. J., on August 4, that " the city ordi-nance passed two years ago prohibiting Sunday amusements is to be enforced, and wholesale arrests are about to be made by the police." On August i the chief of police " issued an order to the various amusement proprietors to close Sunday." The order was not strictly obeyed, and on August 4 " the police turned in reports of band concerts on the steel pier and on the ocean pier, running of boats at the Old Mill, Japanese rolling ball games, and various other alleged violations, and com-plaints were made accordingly." " Cap-tain J. 0. Young of the ocean pier and Ed. C. Boyce of the Old Mill were ar-rested and gave bail." It is said that the 