12 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. ordained civil government in order that those rights might be exercised and en-joyed, and that they might bring forth fruit to his glory. The only duty laid -upon civil rulers by the Creator is to  safeguard the rights that God has given, and, as Thomas Jefferson expressed it, "to enforce only our natural rights and duties and to take none of them from us." The Sacredness of Human Rights. Selected from the "Works of William E. Channing, D. D." (Walker, Wise and Company, Boston, 1862), Vol. II., pp. 36.44. MAN has rights by nature. The dis-position of some to deride ab-stract rights, as if all rights were uncertain, mutable, and conceded by so-ciety, shows a lamentable ignorance of human nature. Whoever understanus this must see in it an immovable founda-tion of rights. These are gifts of the Creator, bound up indissolubly with our moral constitution. In the order of things they precede society, lie at its foundation, constitute man's capacity for it, and are the great objects of social in-stitutions. The consciousness of rights is not a creation of human art, a con-ventional sentiment, but essential to and inseparable from the human soul. Man's rights belong to him as a moral being, as capable of perceiving moral distinctions, as a subject of moral obligation. As soon as he becomes con-scious of duty, a kindred consciousness springs up that he has a right to do what the sense of duty enjoins, and that no foreign will or power can obstruct his moral action without crime. He feels that the sense of duty was given to him as a law, that it makes him responsible for himself, that to exercise, unfold and obey it is the end of his being, and that he has a right to exercise and obey  it without hindrance or opposition. A consciousness of dignity, however ob-scure, belongs also to this divine prin-ciple ; and, though he may want words to do justice to his thoughts, he feels that he has that within him which makes him essentially equal to all around him. Duties and Rights Indis- solubly Joined Together. The sense of duty is the fountain of human rights. In other words, the same inward principle which teaches the for-mer bears witness to the latter. Duties and rights must stand or fall together. It has been too common to oppose them to one another; but they are indissolubly joined together. That same inward principle which teaches a man what he is bound to do to others, teaches equally, and at the same instant, what others are bound to do to him. That same voice which forbids him to injure a single fel-low-creature, forbids every follow-crea-ture to do him harm. His conscience, in revealing the moral law, does not reveal a law for himself only, but speaks as a universal legislator. He has an intuitive conviction that the obligations of this divine code press on others as truly as on himself. That principle which teaches 