Highland Park, Lake Co., Ill., November 26, 1903. COLONEL P. T. TURNLEY Friend of The Sentinel and What He Thinks of It Publishers of The Sentinel of Christian Liberty, 222 North Capitol Street, Washington, D. C.: Your letter informing me that my subscription to The Sentinel of Christian Liberty has expired is just received. Of this fact I was aware, and had just written to you that I regretted to stop it on account of age and illness. I write propped up in bed at my comfortable home again after several weeks in a hospital in Chicago, twenty miles below here. I do not at present re-call what I said in my letter, but surely I said nothing in derogation of your most excel-lent publication, The Sentinel of Christian Liberty, which I have so greatly enjoyed for years past. I have taken it my-self for many years, and also have sent it to many others in several States. I consider The Sentinel of Christian Liberty one of the best and most in-structive publications in exist-ence, and I am glad its office Colonel Turnley has favored us with a copy ha.s been established at the na- of a pamphlet entitled, " West Point and Aztec tional capital. Its columns are Addresses," containing two addresses by him- (Continued on nest page) replete with what is useful and instructive to the citizen, and in full accord with the very basis on which we founded our government, and also with the true doctrineŠthe true ChristianityŠthat Christ taught. I am now in my eighty-third year, and always heretofore have been of rugged and robust physiqueŠyet withal two months ago I was stricken with an affliction which disables me from any activities and from my literary work, and even deprives me of the calmness of mind to read much. This is why I discontinued The Sentinel, as also half a dozen other publications. I feel that my life is drawing to its close, and that what little mental work I can do must be applied to arranging my personal and family affairs. Still, when I can get to the postoffice (which is a mile from my home) I will remit a subscription to the valuable little print, which may be mailed either to me or to any other person you may think will read it. By the way, it occurs to me this moment that our little city library may not have a copy coming to it. I will ascertain, and if not I will have one sent to it. Every man and woman in this nation ought to read just such a publication as The -Sentinel of Christian Liberty. With best wishes for your success, I am 