EDITORIAL 241 Endeavor is leading its young people into civic activity in this direction. We are in no danger of swinging back to the old Puritan Sabbath and the so-called "Blue-Laws," nor is this desirable; but we are cer-tainly approaching a middle ground of safe, wise, conservative protection of our Lord's day in the interests of social order, morality and righteousness. May we not call this a new Puritanism. Against the evils of this "new Puri-tanism," and its chief objectŠenforced Sunday observanceŠis a very grave evil, all persons who reverence truth, justice, and right should resolutely set them-selves. "Liberty's torch is to be put out," was the striking sentence with which the fol-lowing press dispatch, which was sent out from New York on February 14, began : The lofty light in the hand of the bronze goddess, standing on Bedloe Island, in the upper New York Bay, that has been allowed to grow steadily dimmer since Bartholdi gave the magnificent statue to the United States, is to be permanently extinguished. Senti-ment, it is said, which has kept the beacon burning all these years, can no longer keep it alight, and now the Government will snuff it for all time. News of the contemplated extinguishment of the torch has been received here in the form of a notice to mariners, sent out by the lighthouse board of the treasury department at Washington. It states that on March r, 1902, the light will be discontinued. Installed on the island to furnish current for the torch there is a powerful electric plant, but it is unused. A few lamps of small power furnish barely enough illumination so that the beacon can be made out by passing mari-ners. Lack of a congressional appropriation is said to be the cause for discontinuing the light. This seems almost pathetic, but after all it is not the extinguishment of Lib-erty's torch on Bedloe's Island, but the fading of liberty's torch in the hearts of men that need deeply concern us. But is it possible that the one is the outward manifestation of the other? Certain it  is that there have been in recent years, and continue to be, strange developments in this country, developments which by no means harmonize with what is sym-bolized by the statue of "Liberty En-lightening the World" that has long been a noble ornament to New York harbor, and which are well calculated to lead to the abandonment of this statue to neg-lect and decay. These are the things that need to concern us most, and if the ex-tinguishment of Liberty's torch on Bed-loe's Island serves to call atttention to and to emphasize these things it may not be without good results. The Statue of Liberty may serve her adopted country and the cause of humanity best by crumbling to ruin in the light of day and by standing with unlit beacon in the darkness of night. Ł3 According to a decision rendered by Police Magistrate Olmsted in this city on February io Jewish butchers on the East Side may sell meat on Sunday not-withstanding the State law prohibiting the same. He held that a Jewish butcher who observes the seventh day of the week is entitled to exemption from the operation of the Sunday butcher-shop law, on the principle of the exemption in the general Sunday statute in favor of those "observing another day as a Sab-bath" who desire to "work or labor on the first day of the week." In addition to this several minor points were present-ed as pertinent to the case under consid-eration. The man who had been arrested had the curtains of his shop drawn, and there was no public display of meat. In-asmuch as the statute prohibits "the pub-lic sale or exposing for sale," it was thought that the case in question hardly constituted a violation of the law. An-other point was that the great mass of the population in the district where this 