SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must he a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. O Besides the bill prepared by Mr. Geo. B. Wheeler for the purpose of emphasiz-ing the religious character of the Sunday law there have been, says the organ of the New England champions of Sunday enforcement, five other bills " which threaten our Lord's day laws " before the General Court of Massachusetts at its present session. Three of these were the annual attempts on the part of the liquor forces to extend the time in which liquor can be sold." They applied to all days alike, and threatened " our Lord's day laws " in that they permitted the sale of liquor on Sunday on exactly the same .conditions as on other days. The other two belonged " to the group of annual Sunday fishing bills.".  One of them pro-vided that " the law relative to fishing on the Lord's day shall not apply to the County of Worcester," and the other that ' all such fishing in salt waters as is now lawful or may hereafter be lawful , on -week days shall also be lawful on the Lord's day." All these bills, including that of Mr. Wheeler, " were considered so dangerous in character " by the man-agers of the New England Sabbath Sunday) Protective League " that a strong petition was unanimously voted " at the annual meeting of the organization and its sympathizers in a church in Bos-ton in February " asking the legislature to refuse to pass them." After a hearing on the two fishing bills, at which Secre-tary Kneeland of the above-named or-ganization spoke against them and the two members of the legislature who had introduced them and others made " the -usual tirade against restriction of indi-vidual liberty and an appeal in the in- terests of the working people who have no other time to fish than Sundays," the bill permitting salt water fishing on Sun-day was favorably reported by the com-mittee on probate and chancery by a vote of seven to four. It passed two readings in the lower- house, but Was overwhelm-ingly voted down when it came up for the third reading on April 9. The organ , of the organization already named says " only about thirty members in the whole house of 270 voted for it," and adds sig-nificantly : " Their names are on record for future reference." " The discussion was long and heated," and as of course was to be expected, " the religious fea-tures of the bill were considered as well as the industrial." Indeed, judging by the report presented by the organ re-ferred to, the religious features were the only features considered. We are left to the impossible task of imagining what could have been the "industrial" features of this bill regarding Sunday fishing in salt water. A " marked feature of the discussion was the absence of all party and denominational lines ; Republicans and Democrats, Protestants and Catholics vied with each other to defend the institu-tion of God and humanity, which was so seriously threatened by the vicious bill," Two incidents of the debate, which we are told " caused some excitement," es-tablish the fact that the matter under con-sideration was, and was recognized to be, a matter of religion. One of these was a dispute as to whether baseball and other games were played on Sunday afternoons with the approval of the priests at the " Holy Cross College of Worcester," the author of the bill affirming that such 