142 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY tered that in attempting to enforce Sun-day laws no thought is entertained of assuming God's prerogatives, but that the state simply borrows a precept from God's law and incorporates it, as a civil enactment, into its own code. Those who oppose this course reply that such a thing is impossible, because the moral law, as handed down by God, has in it that element of its Author's life which forbids its becoming a part of any civil code. The transgression of a moral pre-cept is sin, because it is opposition to the righteousness of that which repre-sents the life and will of its infinite and eternal Author. The violation of a civil law is termed crime, simply because it is contrary to the expressed will of men, framed into law to meet exigencies of a temporal nature. In other words, God's law points out what sin always was and always must be, without the least varia-tion, because of its very nature of con-trariness to God, while civil law defines crime to be that which is contrary to man's rights in soiiety, as determined by the demands of the times and of hu-man wisdom. The two may be identical, but not necessarily so, from the fact that crime is a purely outward act, while sin is of the heart and may not appear to men. In other words crime is an out-ward expression of sin which lurks in the mind. So, then, while crime, the outward act, may be detected and checked by civil law, the seat of crimeŠthe heart itselfŠcannot be reached by civil jurisdiction. The refusal of a person to rest from physical labor on a stated day cannot, however, properly come Łwithin the pre-cincts of civil legislation, because, while the act is an outward one, it does not visibly injure another, nor does it de-prive any man of his right to observe and honor the day. But in case God  requires such rest it would be sin to disobey, on the ground alone that to do so would dishonor Him who asks it. But when the civil power attempts to regulate the observance of a weekly rest day it becomes guilty of inconsist-ency, because that which it counts wrong in one person regarding the use to be made of the day, it upholds in another. For instance : One person will be permitted regularly to sell drugs, tobacco, and the like, for profit, on the ground of their being necessary to daily use, while the sale of other things even more necessary and essential to comfort and happiness is strictly prohibited. Now, if it is no civil offense for one to sell certain things for profit on Sunday, how can the law, if it be alike just to all, punish others for selling other things on that day for the same purpose? Then, too, if morals are involved, what right' has a civil law to make such discrimina-tions ? If it be denied that morals are in-volved, but that these laws are simply police regulations, then on what basis is one prohibited from doing on one day that which he is freely permitted to do on all other days? If the law counts certain acts misdemeanors when done on one certain day of the week, why does it not count them the same when done on other days? The fact that this discrimination is made is evidence that the promoters of Sunday laws seek to punish men for the desecration or non-observance of the day's religious char-acter, rather than for the infraction of any civil obligation. Then, again, inconsistency is seen in such laws from the fact that they do not remain steadfast, like the Sabbath law of Jehovah, but vary in their require-ments and penalties according to the 