SUNDAY-LAW OPPRESSION IN PHILADELPHIA AGAIN 43 Gordon, in a decision delivered Oct. 4, 1886, said: " There are but few of our statutes which in principle are of more importance than the act of April 22, 1794, commonly called the `.Sunday act,' in that it recognizes the first day of the week as a Sabbath of rest for the well-disposed and religious people of our Commonwealth, and we can entertain but little respect for those who wilfully and persistently violate its prescriptions." In a decision of the same court, rendered Jan. 8, 1888, we find these words: "Few acts upon our statute books are of more impor-tance to the welfare of the good citizens of this Commonwealth than the act of 1794. The weekly day of rest is from a mere physical and political stand-point of infinitely greater value than is ordinarily supposed, since it not only affords a healthful relaxation to per-sons in every position of life, but throws a strong barrier in the way of the degradation and oppression of the laboring classes, who, of all others, need this ever-recurring day of rest and relief from weekly toil." A judge of the United States Supreme Court said: "Where there is no Christian Sabbath, there is no Christian moral-ity; and without this free government cannot be maintained." All these words should be carefully weighed by all who read them. They have impressed me most deeply, and taught me more clearly to see that the man who does anything to lower the sacred character of the day is, wittingly or unwittingly, an enemy to society. Let not the enemies of the Christian Sunday imagine that they will have an easy task to persuade the American people to lose all reverence for this holy day. The Christian patriots of our land stand ready to wage any bat-tle, at whatever cost, to maintain the sacred character of the Lord's day in-violate. This communication, as do most of those supporting the enforcement of the Sunday law, makes very clear the religious, and therefore illegal, un- constitutional and un-American object of those who demand Sunday-law en-forcemcnt. It is interesting to know  that "the man who does anything to lower the sacred character" of this church-and-state religious institution is "an enemy to society.'" This view of such matters was very popular some centuries ago, but happily it is no longer very widely entertained. The doctrines of religious liberty and sepa-ration of church. and state have taken us a little beyond that point. A corre-spondent whose communication was published on December 17 said : I have been much interested in the blue-law agitation, and I have arrived at the conclusion that if the law must be enforced there should be no distinc-tion Š large corporations should not be permitted to go about their work un-molested while the small dealers are summoned to appear for violating the law. Why do clergymen not direct their attention to more vital questions, by which the conditions of the peo-ple would be improved? There is so much the church could do, and yet so very little accomplished. Every intel-ligent person must agree that this senseless crusade only hampers instead of advancing the cause of Christianity. On December 18 a communication from the pastor of the Grace Methodist Episcopal Church of Philadelphia, Frank B. Parkin, was published. After stating that "the writer, with many thousands of others of your regular readers, has been pained to see the per-sistent efforts of the Public Ledger, both in its editorial columns and its city news department, to oppose the efforts of the Philadelphia "Sabbath" Asso-ciation and of the Committee of Fifty," he continued: The attempt to prejudice the public mind against either the character of the officers of the Sabbath Association, whose president is the Hon. John Wanamaker, or the personnel of the Committee of Fifty, composed of many of the leading clergymen and laymen of all the different denominations, will certainly react upon those responsible for it. The men back of this movement to maintain a Christian Sabbath in 