636 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Two grocery clerks and a barber were arraigned in the Jefferson Market police court in New York on September 21 as Sunday-law violators. The clerks were " each charged with violating the Sab-bath by selling a five-cent box of crack-ers," and the barber was " charged with shaving a man at 1:20 P.M. Sunday." " The law of 1895 requires that bar-bers close their shops at one o'clock on. Sundays." The magistrate expressed his disgust at " such trivial arrests," and discharged the prisoners, asking the po-licemen who made the complaints : " What do you want to litter up a busy court for with this sort of stuff ? " In answer to an inquiry from Weyburn, Assa., as to " what is the law as to break-ing the Sabbath, especially regarding the hauling of loads on the highway," the Winnipeg ( Manitoba) Northwest Farmer quotes the law thus : No merchant, tradesman, artificer, mechanic, workman, laborer or other person whatsoever shall on the Lord's Day sell or publicly show forth or expose or offer for sale or purchase any goods, chattels or other personal property or any real estate whatsoever, or do or exercise any worldly labor, business or trade of his ordinary calling ; traveling or conveying travelers or His Majesty's mails, selling drugs and medicines and other works of necessity and works of charity only excepted. Any per-son violating any of the provisions of this ordi-nance shall be guilty of an offense and upon summary conviction thereof be liable to a fine not exceeding $too and costs of prosecution. The salesmen's union of Grand Rapids, Mich., which is affiliated with the local trades and labor council, recently " start-ed a crusade to compel clothing mer-chants to keep their stores closed all day Sundays." The first action was the appointment of " a committee of three to locate the violators and make com-plaints in court." On August 23 the members of this committee and the sec-retary of the trades and labor council patrolled the principal streets for sev- eral hours, but without discovering any " violators of the law." " Fore-warned by the publication in the news-papers of the intention of the clerks' union to prosecute all merchants found violating the Sunday-closing law, the owners of all business houses had se-curely closed their doors." But on the following Sunday the secretary of the trades and labor council entered com-plaint against Harry Newman, a clothier. At Trenton, N. J., on September 6 Vice-Chancellor Reed decided against the contention of parties who were seeking to obtain an order " restraining Wm. M. Chalfant, a druggist at Ocean City, from selling soda water and confectionery on Sunday." The vice-chancellor held that as bath-house keepers conducted their business on Sundays, meat and ice-cream was delivered, hacks ran and livery sta-bles hired out horses and vehicles, cigar and fruit stores did business and news-papers were sold on the streets, and trol-ley cars and railroad trains were allowed to run with impunity in and through the city on Sundays, that there was no reason why the selling of soda water and con-fectionery should be prevented. He held that all of these things stood on the same footing with regard to the city covenant, and that if some of them were permitted under it none of them could be prevented. It is said that this decision will mean " an ' open ' Sunday at Ocean City in the future." Arguments on the constitutionality of the Sunday-closing law against certain classes of stores enacted at the last ses-sion of the Minnesota legislature were heard by Judge Hine in the civil branch of the municipal court at St. Paul on September 11. The case was that of " the State vs. P. J. Hoffman, grocer," al-though the cases of a half dozen other grocers will be settled by the decision. 