85o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY buying and two for selling." One man was arrested for "buying five cents' worth of candy for his boy;" another was arrested and fined $2.85 for buying a bag of peanuts ; and "one of the alder-men who had helped frame the new law was arrested for buying a newspaper." The man who bought the candy "con-fessed his crime to the mayor," and, "on condition that he file a complaint against the merchant," "judgment was suspended during good behavior." But the climax of absurdity and nonsense was reached in the following incident that was soberly related by the I,amoni Independent of October i6: A fifth party came to our mayor Monday morning and plead guilty to having bought goods on the Sabbath. He explained his case as follows : His little child had been sick for several days and not able to eat until Sunday, when he longed for fresh fruit. He went to the restaurant keeper, stated his case, and bought the fruit. As in this case fruit would undoubtedly come under the list of necessities, Mayor Derry at once dismissed the case with-out further hearing. Several others plead guilty to similar offenses and were discharged. This paper says "the law is a good thing," but thinks "it will be hard to tell just where to draw the line between ar-ticles of necessity and those not of neces-sity, and our town officials will undoubt-edly have many such a vital question to settle." Yes, undoubtedly. It was by settling such "vital" questions as this that the matter of Sabbath observance had been brought to such monumental ab-surdity as it was among the Jews in the days of Christ. Who would ever have supposed that in the United States in the twentieth century civil officials would be found playing the role in the matter of "Sabbath" observance of the Hebrew casuists who lived before the beginning of the present era ? And the town offi- cials of Lamoni are by no means the only civil officials who are essaying that role in the United States to-day. It is ex-pected by some that the Lamoni ordi-nance will be repealed in a short time. The ministerial union of Cedar Falls, Iowa, adopted a resolution of some length recently, in which was noted "with deep regret the large number of meat markets, groceries, fruit stores and the like in our city that are kept open on the Lord's day." After stating that it was understood that "many who are engaged in such business very much prefer and desire to close on the Sabbath, but feel compelled because of the action of com-petitors and the apparent demands of the public to keep their places of business open on that day," hearty commendation was expressed for the "effort to bring about by mutual agreement a general closing of all such places on the Lord's day," and an appeal was made "to the law-abiding, Sabbath-honoring senti-ments of our people to assist in this ef-fort." The ministers pledged themselves to use their influence "with every one, and especially with the members of our congregations, to secure their cooperation as patrons in the efforts of these busi-ness men to gain a Sabbath of rest." This might mean that something closely allied to a boycott was to be carried into effect against those business men who would not enter into such an agreement, but since this resolution was passed by a ministerial union and not a labor union perhaps such a thought should not be entertained. It is refreshing for once to notice that a ministers' union has acted in such a matter without demanding the "enforcement of law." 