334 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY has been actively carried on since the first of the year, and will be fought to a finish." Ł A Methodist clergyman, Rev. J. J. Ramsey, was recently elected justice of the peace at Jasper, Minn. As a result " every business house " in the place, " except hotels and restaurants," is now required " to keep doors closed and sus-pend business on the Sabbath." The Pipestone Star says " the people had hardly looked for this rigid kind of law enforcement, and there is some murmur-ing," and that " the outcome of the reverend judge's policy will be awaited with much interest." On April i5 the sheriff and prosecut-ing attorney of Lewis County, Wash., directed a signed letter to each of the saloon-keepers in the incorporated towns of the countyŠCentralia, Chehalis and WinlockŠwhich read in part as follows : The question concerning the opening of sa-loons in your city on the first day of each week, commonly called Sunday, has reached such a stage that we deem it best for all con-cerned that hereafter all saloons must remain permanently closed on Sunday, closing to take place promptly at 12 o'clock Saturday night. We, therefore, caution you against the opening of your saloon an Sunday, and trust that this caution will be heeded, so that it will not be necessary to make any further arrests on ac-count of violation of the Sunday law. There are so many Sunday enforce-ment reports with regard to baseball playing that our limited space forbids making a separate paragraph of each one.ŠA baseball game in progress at Fulton, N. Y., on Sunday, April 26, was stopped by the authorities.ŠThe chief of police of Waterbury, Conn., has given notice that hereafter " any man or boy found playing baseball " in that city on Sunday will be arrested. " Heretofore Sunday baseball has been regarded with leniency by the officials."ŠThree deputy  sheriffs appeared on the scene just as a game of baseball was about to begin at Homestead Park, Lancaster, N. Y., on Sunday, April 26, and by threatening to make arrests prevented the playing of the game. " Somebody had notified Sheriff Kaisen that the game was to be played, and called on him to do his duty." Lan-caster is in the same county as Buffalo.ŠTwo patrolmen " raided a gang of boys who were playing ball on the 'meadows' " in Rensselaer, a suburb of Albany, N. Y., on Sunday, April 26.. Six arrests were made. " Judge Wilson was near at hand and the boys were arraigned before him on the charge of violating a city or-dinance. The lads explained that they had permission to play ball, a policeman having told them that they might. They were fined $5 each, which was paid by relatives " two days later.ŠAt New Castle, Pa., on Sunday, April 26, " a squad of five officers swooped down on two amateur nines " that were engaged in a game of baseball. Two arrests were made, the other players escaping by tak-ing to their heels. These were " the first arrests in months for violation of the Sabbath observance law " in New Castle. At a " Sabbath observance convention held in the city the preceding week " the authorities were urged to prosecute all persons violating the Sunday laws."ŠA dispatch from Detroit under date of April 26 stated that " owing to vigorous action on the part of ministers and lay-men and the possibiliy of the sheriff en-forcing the existing laws, Sunday games scheduled for Detroit by the Amer-ican League have been called off."ŠThe Providence (R. I.) Telegram of April 27 reported that " for playing baseball on Sunday the fourth district police arrested Wm. F. Brook, a fifteen-year old boy. The lad was arraigned in the juvenile court this morning, and, pleading guilty, was placed on probation in the custody of Mr. Wallace."ŠThe Grafton, Mass., cor- 