680 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY United States Senator J. P Dolliver, who was a lay delegate, "opposed in a vigorous speech an attack made by the Ministers upon. Catholicism, and won a decided victory." He "declared that the church had no time to oppose other religious creeds and should devote its attention to battling with paganism and atheism." "The ministers insisted that the Catholic Church was bad, while the lay delegates upheld the view of Senator Dolliver," and "after a hard fight resolutions were passed by the conference as a whole denouncing the attack by the ministers on Catholi-cism." "Attack" on Catholicism or "other religious creeds" may be wrong or it may not be ; it depends on the spirit in which it is done and whether it is in the interests of truth and right-eousness to do it. The mere fact that Catholicism is somebody's creed, some-body's religion, does not make "at-tack" upon it and opposition to it im-proper and wrong. If it does, what justification is there for "battling with paganism and atheism "1 They are the creeds and religions of some. In his first encyclical Pius X says "that the Church, such as it was insti-tuted by Christ, must enjoy full and entire liberty and independence from all foreign dominion," and that "we, in demanding that same liberty, are defending not only the sacred rights of religion, but also consulting the com-mon weal and the safety of nations." The church, such as it was instituted by Christ, does enjoy full and efltire liberty and independence from all for-eign dominion; its liberty and inde-pendence are secure in Christ, its Lord, and no power can take that liberty and independence from it. But liberty and independence in Christ does not mean liberty to exercise dominion and au-thority over the nations and to be in- dependent of the principles of justice and human rights for the enforcement of which governments exist, and if the church is as it was instituted by Christ it will not seek and desire any such liberty and independence. We desire to make The Sentinel a live paper, and to that end earnestly re-quest that all its readers and friends will promptly favor us with informa-tion regarding any developments in its special field that may come to their attention. Especially would we request that in cases of Sunday enforcement against seventh-day observers those acquainted with the facts will promptly report them to us. We do not like to have to rely upon news-paper reports in such cases, although newspaper clippings are always ap-preciated, and are much better than no report at all. But such cases should be reported in The Sentinel almost as promptly as in the local papers. We trust that our friends will assist us in making this the case. "The Right Rev. Thomas F. Hen-drick, the newly-consecrated Bishop of Cebu in the Philippines," arrived at New York from Rome on October 14. He "was the bearer to the United States of the papal zuchetto (skull-cap) to General B. F. Tracy, ex-Secretary of the Navy." It is said that "this is the first instance where such an honor has been given to a non-Catholic," and that "it has been bestowed on General Tracy in recognition of his interest in the affairs of the Church, and particu-larly his aid to the Church in the Phil-ippine controversy." It would be of interest to know just what was the aid that General Tracy gave the Catholic Church in this matter. In a letter or brief to the rector of Ł 