EDITORIAL. 39 force the bartender to work seven days in the week," and asks dramatically if "the bartender's business is so highly el-evating that he needs no breathing spot to remember the higher things of man-hood?" We are of the opinion that the business of the bartender is such that the harder it is made the better. We would see nothing to regret if the busi-ness of the bartender allowed him not a moment's rest or sleep so that he would be obliged to give it up in order to pre-serve his life; yes, we are even of the opinion that it would be well for human-ity if the business made quick and cer-tain end of the existence of all who dared to engage in it. The man who is engaged in the monstrous business of taking froth his fellow men the money which is needed to supply the wants of innocent women and children, and who gives in return for it that which de-grades the man and leaves him a physi-cal and moral wreck, can have no "breathing spot to remember the higher things of manhood" until he has com-pletely forsaken his accursed business. Shame upon any minister or any man who intimates that Sunday closing can absolve the saloon in the slightest de-gree from its iniquities ! Dr. MacArthur says that the saloon "is the hotbed of sedition and anarchy." Why then is such stress laid upon clos-ing it at one time and not at another? The plain truth is, as we have already pointed out, the anxiety of those who are so disturbed over this matter is not for the sake of temperance and because of antagonism to the saloon itself, but it is for the sake of Sunday and because of the desire to have the religious char-acter of the day upheld by law. It is asked why the saloons should be opened when the meat-markets are closed, "why  should the liquor saloons, with their de-moralizing, crime-producing influence be selected of all other things in the city to be put on a par with the Christian churches on Sunday ?" Such questions are supposed to end all debate and to overwhelm all opposition, but they are destitute of any force whatever from the fact that those who ask them would, raise just as loud and just as vigorous a protest if it were proposed that meat-markets and other places of business that are in no sense demoralizing and crime-producing in influence be placed "on a par with the Christian churches on Sunday," by being open as they have an undoubted right to be. It is not against a demoralizing, crime-producing influence that the chuich is protesting in this matter, but against that which would deprive her chief institution of the support of law. And for this reason no person who values Christian and Ameri-can principles, however much he may favor temperance and detest the saloon, can give his sanction to this protest of the churches with reference to the Sun-day excise law of New York. In speaking on this matter The Inde-pendent has well said : "It is only re-peating what every one ought to know when we say that the State can properly concern itself with Sunday not for the sake of Sunday observance, but for the sake of securing suitable rest and com-fort and protection for its citizens. A religious reason for closing the saloon on Sunday the State has no right to make; it can consider only the special benefit or injury to the community of having it open on Sunday as compared with other days." Commenting on these words of The Independent the Evening Telegram says : "Our religious contemporary, The Inde- 