THE OBSERVANCE OF SUNDAY  85 day, but in the other Scottish towns there are no Sunday cars. Confectionery and ice-cream shops are open in all the cities, but in some places, notably Dundee, there is an agitation in favor of closing these places. "Although public houses are closed absolutely and unquestionably every Sunday in the year, it does not mean that liquor is not bought or sold on this day. Shebeens (speak-easies) are con-ducted here and in Edinburgh, Dun-dee and other towns in spite of po-lice vigilance and heavy penalties. An-other feature of the Sunday liquor sell-ing is the clubs formed ostensibly for social or literary purposes, but in reality to do a public-house business on Sun-day. Clubs are not licensed here, and the police cannot interfere with them un-less there is disorder, or where it can be proved that liquor has been sold to non-members. "No games or sports of any kind are permitted in Scotland on Sunday. The nearest approach to outdoor recreation or amusementÑapart from walking, bi-cycling or drivingÑis the latitude al- lowed here in permitting open air de-bates on Glasgow Green." London and the Continent "The Londoner goes to church on Sunday with great regularity. The King sets the example, and the classes and the masses follow it. Business is gen-erally suspended, but the saloons are al-lowed to remain open in the middle part of the day. The museums are open, but the theatres are shut. The quieter sort of sports are winked at in the sub-urban 'resorts,' but reputable matches of cricket or any other athletic game are never scheduled for the first day of the week. "On the Continent attendance at church is restricted in a great measure to the women, especially among that portion of society which belongs to the Protestant persuasion. At Berlin and in Paris Sunday is observed not as a day of rest, but as a holiday. It is the day par excellence of balls, dinner parties, luncheons and theatrical entertainments, and the principal race meetings, as well as the finest operas, are always given on Sunday." A dispatch from St. Louis announces that the discussion which has been go-ing on for some time for and against Sunday opening of the World's Fair to be held in St. Louis in 1903, was sud-denly terminated by the publication of the rules which will govern the celebra-tion, one of which was section 25 of the act of Congress making an appropria-tion for the Fair, which reads : "As a condition precedent to the payment of this appropriation, the directors shall contract to close the gates to visitors on Sunday during the whole duration of  the Fair." It seems that this provision had escaped the notice of most persons. The assistant secretary of the World's Fair corporation, when asked regarding the matter, declared that the officials had no option in the matter, as Sunday clos-ing was made imperative by the act of Congress. Thus Congress has followed the precedent established with regard to the Chicago World's Fair, and again enacted a law declaring Sunday to be a sacred day and to a certain extent com-pelling its observance. This is not in harmony with the Constitution. 