436 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Christ in every town and city in the State, to have every mayor and every councilman a Christian, then Christ will rule. At the Cincinnati convention two years ago Mr. Samuel B. Capen delivered an address entitled, " The Christian En-deavorer's Duty in Municipal Politics," in which he declared that " for the Chris-tian man the primary meeting should be as sacred an appointment as the place of prayer." The same sentiment has been expressed by Dr. Carlos Martyr' in his book " Christian Citizenship." He coun-:sels the brethren of the churches to " leave the prayer-meeting with the sisters, and .attend the primaries, and pull wires for .the kingdom of God." The Kingdom, in speaking of the Christian Endeavor societies, has said : These societies are almost as numerous as the churches, and are already banded to-gether in local unions, which previous to elections should assume temporarily the functions of a political convention, ratifying such candidates only as will carry out the wishes of the Christian portion of the com-munity. The purpose of the " Christian Citizen-ship " movement in general has thus been stated by the official organ of the " Chris-tian Citizenship League ": Not until the kingship of Jesus is estab-lished over our land and the world, and His teachings made the rule in all public affairs, will the Christian Citizenship League have Achieved its purpose to prepare the way of ,thc Lord. And then it shall be found that  not only has the way for His coming been prepared, but that He has indeed and in truth come. These quotations could be multiplied. This is sufficient, however, to indicate the nature of a movement which has enlisted in its support the great hosts of Christian EndeavorŠno, the great organization of Christian Endeavor, for we are glad to believe that the great body of the mem-bership are not committed actively to this movement, and that many who are have entered into it without giving the matter careful thought. The great error of it is made plain in the articles which follow. These articles have not been written and are not sent out in a spirit of criticism, but out of a love for great principles and truths that are being set aside, and with the desire to stay a tendency that is certain to result in great evil both to the church and to the world if continued. We pray for the success and prosperity of Christian Endeavor in every effort which it is putting forth for God and humanity in the way that He would have it put forth, and we know that it is putting forth many such efforts. And we pray that many Christian Endeavorers into whose hands this paper comes will be helped and persuaded and corrvinced by what is pre-sented, and led to take as a constant guide in all their Christian endeavor the glo-rious motto, " Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit, saith the Lord." " THE kingdom of God comes not .with outward show.... But to-day in the religious world there are multi-tudes who, as they believe, are work-ing for the establishment of the king-dom of Christ as an earthly and tem-poral dominion. They desire to make iour Lord the ruler of the kingdoms of this world, the ruler in its courts and camps, its legislative halls, its pal-aces and market-places. They expect Him to rule through legal enact-ments, enforced by human authority.  Since Christ is not now here in person, they themselves will undertake to act in His stead, to execute the laws of His king-dom. The establishment of such a king-dom is what the Jews desired in the days of Christ. They would have received Jesus had He been willing to establish a temporal dominion, to enforce what they regarded as the laws of God, and to make them the expositors of His will and the agents of His authority. But He said, " My kingdom is not of this world." He would not accept the earthly throne." 