70 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY 4'Sabbath"  Asso- Commenting op the ciationŁs Disco m- decision of Judge fitureŠ Some Commet Martin, of Philadel- phia, which we printed last week, the Jewish Exponent says : Judge Martin's decision, rendered in the Court of Quarter-Sessions last week, that a person employed by the Sunday-closing association to ferret out violations of the Sunday laws is himself a violator of the law if he does the work on Sunday and is paid for it, .and that the buyer is in the same posi-tion as the seller, is not only good law but good sense as well. Judge Martin, in his opinion, naturally followed the precedents set by the supreme court in construing the act of 1794, as he was bound to do ; but in so doing he dis-'cusses the question in a broad and lib-eral spirit, and with a comprehensive knowledge of the historical as well as the legal aspects of the question. Now that this particular mode of conducting the work of the Sunday-closing associa-tion has been declared unlawful by a learned and careful judge, it behooves its sponsors and leaders to bow to the majesty of the law which they them-selves have frequently invoked against a large number of persons who were in-duced to violate the law by the associa-tion's agents Š.a method of procedure which' is not calculated to commend it-self to the ordinary sense of fairness and decency. It is always a pleasure to see the petty persecutor of harmless and helpless people " hoist by his own petard." If this antiquated law must be enforced, let it be enforced without discrimination or favor. In noting the action of the grand jury in condemning the Sunday-en-forcepaent crusade and rebuking the "Sabbath" Association for the same, the Sabbath Recorder made this good comment : Philadelphia is cursed by a brood of crimes and criminals of all kinds as few cities are, and as to Sunday ob-servance, the larger dealers and the stronger business enterprises disregard the law at will; but the Sabbath Asso-ciation, knoVing that these stronger interests can defy the law, has persisted in the persecutions which the grand jury has denounced. Christianity, to say nothing of actual and genuine Sab-bath reform, has been discounted and injured through the course pursued by its representatives; for justice and fair play are fundamental elements in Chris-tian practise. The fact is that the Sun-day law of Pennsylvania is so nearly dead, is so effete and out of joint with the best sentiment of the years and the people, that it cannot be enforced ex-cept in such cases as those noted above. If it were ever vigorous, it is now too weak to do more than perpetuate petty persecution. Before the grand jury condemned these cases of persecution thoughtful men had condemned the law as the creator of fictitious crime. It takes acts and transactions which are wholly good, permissible and desirable at all other times, and makes them criminal for a specific twenty-four hours. When the clock marks mid-night honest work, the work of widows to support fatherless children, and of cripples to keep themselves from becoming paupers, is changed to crime, and the farce is gone through with again the next midnight, when crime becomes a thing to be commended, and criminals become wholesome citizens. Inconsistency could not go farther than this law does. If the representatives of the Philadelphia Sabbath Associa-tion demur at this, they must fall back upon the historic fact that this Sunday law belongs to the state-church system,, that it was and is a religious institution which seeks to compel all men, regard-less of faith or conscience, to be idle on Sunday, according to the dogma of certain denominations of Christians, which proclaims Sunday to be the Sab-bath, sacred time, which men may not disregard without being sinful, and le-gally criminals whom the state must punish. The time has fully come when the true nature of Sunday laws should be set forth and considered. Unless this is done, and men heed the behests of logic and the voice of justice, mat-ters will grow worse and worse. That the Philadelphia Sabbath Association should have carried its foolish and un-christian persecutions far enough to call forth the rebuke administered by 