EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 95 Daily Paper, London, credited this ut-terance to Pius X, in response to a re-quest that he "use his influence with the powers in behalf of the Macedo-nians :" "I do not wish to interfere in politics unless I know it will be ef-fectual for good. Only the other day, when there appeared to be a prospect of war and bloodshed in Colombia, I communicated with President Roose-velt, and received a most courteous and cordial reply from him." It seems that great courtesy and cordiality toward the Pope and his representatives is coming to mark the American Presi-dential office. It would have been eminently proper for President Roose-velt to have informed the Pope that the American government was capable of conducting its own affairs without any interference on his part. The rep-resentative of any other religious sys-tem would have been so informed ; why not the head of the Roman Catholic system ? It is evident that in these days the Papacy believes that that in-terference in politics on her part which will be most effectual for good is that which brings her into communication and relations with the government of the United States. A recent report of the grand jury in St. Louis "called attention to the large number of murders and affrays which occur on Sunday by reason of the con-nivance at [disregard of] the Sunday-closing law." Perhaps the fact that Sunday is made a day of idleness, and that by law, better explains the large number of murders and affrays on that day than does the mere violation of the Sunday-closing law. If Sunday were not made a day of idleness there would not be so many men resorting to saloons on that day, nor so much violation of a law requiring saloons to  close. Idle hands cannot be kept out of mischief, and the Sunday saloon af-frays are but one form of the mischief which the idle Sunday is bound to entail. Liberty of conscience, freedom of religious belief and practise, cannot excuse acts of licentiousness, and there-fore cannot excuse interference with liberty of conscience, freedom of relig-ious belief and practise. Those who in the name of religious rights and free-dom seek to make others bow to their-religious observances and customs are-indulging in too much liberty, or, in other words, are licentious, and need to,  be made to know that there is no excuse, not even in the high plea of re-ligious freedom, for their unlawful course. At a late convention the Massachu-setts 'Baptists "sent an appeal to the legislature for 'a stricter observance of Sunday, not only for the religious, but for the civil, welfare of the people.' " Baptists are untrue to their best tradi-tions when they do such a thing as this. It is not Sunday work, but Sunday idleness and the mischief that it entails, that, in the minds of people who think and wno care for the real welfare of socio y, constitutes the Sunday ques-tion in the United States to-day. The idle Sunday, which is the legal "Sabbath," is a very good thing for the saloon and kindred evils, but a very poor thing for the moral welfare of society. "The contradictory and absurd Sun-day laws"Š it is thus that the Philadel-phia Record refers to the Pennsylvania Sunday laws. 