516 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY A New Pope, but the Guiseppe Sarto has  Same Papacy succeeded Gracchino Pecci as head of the Papacy and pretended " vicegerent of God " on earth. He was elected by the conclave of cardinals on August 4, after three days of balloting, and his corona-tion took place on August 9. He chose as his title " Pius X." His election, like that of his predecessor, was a compro-mise, the leading candidates having to retire in favor of one upon whom the factions could unite. And it happens that he is the same age as was Leo XIII. when he became Pope, sixty-eight. He is a Venetian, and it is said to have been of quite humble parentage. For ten years he has been a cardinal and chief prelate of Venice, in which capacity he bore the title of " Patriarch of Venice." He " is noted for his amiability, learning and liberal views," and is evidently well quali-fied to enter into and to carry forward the policy of " conciliation " inaugurated by his predecessor, and by means of which the prestige of the Papacy among the nations has been so greatly enhanced. And it is predicted that he will bring about something that Leo scarcely at-temptedŠthe healing of the breach be-tween " the Church " and the Italian government. He is not only " a liberal " but " a patriot," who " as Patriarch of Venice showed by many acts that he favored reconciliation between the Italian government and the Church," and as Pope " is now expected to establish a modus vivendi with the Italian govern-ment, the principal members of which are his personal friends." He was in-stalled as " Patriarch of Venice " with the consent of the Italian government through Premier Crispi, who was no friend of the Papacy, and " had not been in office more than a year before he pub-licly declared for a union between church and state, speaking in no uncertain way." Ile " publicly announced his joy  when there was a strong probability of a union between church and state." But " the influence of the Ultramontanes on one side and of the Radicals on the other defeated his plan. " The Church desired too much, and the state would grant too little." But " now that he, a man who is known to be heart and soul in favor of peace, has ascended the papal throne, those who wish well to both Church and state feel that the splendid dream of the past will be realized," and that " the solution of the Roman ques-tion, so long unsolved and so long a cause of dissension over all Italy, to say nothing of its bearing upon other coun-tries, is near at hand." And thus even rebellious Italy is to be gathered to the bosom of the Papacy again, along with the other nations. And this may prepare the way for an achievement upon which Leo had his heart set and strove to ac-complishŠthe establishment of diplomatic relations between the United States and the Vatican. It will remove an objection to this that seems to have been considered by some persons in this country who have assumed to speak for the government the principal objectionŠthe danger of offend-ing the Italian government. This was broached in dispatches immediately fol-lowing the election of the Pope. And the new Pope it seems is to continue Leo's policy of " loving " America and Amer-icans. On the day of his election he is said to have exclaimed on seeing two American flags, " Cara, cara America, dear America." And the next day a company of " Americans enjoyed being the first to pay homage " to him, and to them he said : " I love Americans, who are the blooming youth of Catholicism. Convey to all of them how gladly I im-part my apostolic blessing to the whole country." The New York Times says that " it may be safely said that Pius X. regards this country as one of the most promising fields in the world for the ad.! 