692  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY by an unswerving exercise of the divine right of dissent established Protestant-ism. But a review of history reveals the sad fact that even Protestantism was per-verted, and the Christian principle vio-lated which gave it its name in the world. Then the contest had still to go on, through blood and suffering, by the Christian's exercise of soul-freedom, and by a protest against a false Protestantism in Geneva, in Scotland, England, New England, Virginia, and all American col-onies except Rhode Island. These are but echoes from history. Religion and the state have ever made a persecuting power when united. We wonder why there was so much persecution after the Reformation. It was because the papal, "saintly" theory of a great church "father" and "saint" has been passed down through the ages for Roman Catholic and Protestant church polity. Augustine wrote : It is indeed better that men should be brought to serve God by instruction than by fear of punishment, or by pain ; but because the former means are better, the latter must not, therefore, be neglected. Many must often be brought back to their Lord, like wicked serv-ants, by the rod of temporal suffering before they attain the highest grade of religious de-velopment. Neander, the church historian, re-marks : "It was by Augustine that a the-ory was proposed and founded which contained the germ of that whole sys-tem of spiritual despotism, of intolerance and persecution, which ended in the tri-bunals of the Inquisition." The establishment of a theocracy was the aim of the church leaders of the fourth century, as well as the exaltation of themselves. Neander says : This theocratic theory was already the pre-vailing one in the time of Constantine, and the bishops voluntarily made themselves depend-ent on him ay their disputes and by their de- termination to make use of the power of the state for the furtherance of their aims. Constantine did much to favor the bishops. He gave them money and po-litical preference. He made their deci-sions final in disputed cases. But the one thing above all others in which the church managers secured the power of the state was in the matter of Sunday legislation. The famous edict of Con-stantine, issued March 7, 321, prohibit-ing certain kinds of work on "the ven-erable day of the sun," was one of the very first outgrowths of the theocratic theory of the church leaders, and it was in this Sunday legislation of Constantine and his immediate successors that power was secured by the church to compel those who did not belong to the church to act as if they did. But the unspiritual church of the times could not stand the competition of popu-lar amusements which came with Sunday idleness. The peciple went to the circus and the theater instead of to church, and the church, following the method by which she had already been shorn of her power, demanded that the state should give her a complete monopoly of the day. Many church members were employed in the circuses and theaters, and rather than give up their work they woul labor on Sunday. The bishops complained that those who worked were "obliged , to work," called it "persecution," and de-manded a law, presumably to protect the workingman, but really to compel him to go to church. They declared that "the devotion of the faithful" was disturbed by these amusements, and, demanded legislation so that "the day [ Sunday] might be devoted with less interruption to the purposes of devotion." And such legislation was obtained. And Neander says: "In this way the church received help from the state for the furtherance of her ends." And thus, too, the church 