SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed in the general articles and the editorial department. A Sunday-enforcement movement was recently launched in Grand Forks, N. Dak. The movement had its inception in efforts put forth by Rev. J. F. Mills, a Baptist minister, who preached several sermons on Sunday observance, and then circulated a Sunday-closing agreement among the merchants of the city. There were a few who did not sign this agree-ment, and then it was determined that re-course must be had to the law. The mayor was asked for an expression of his views " as to the enforcement of the Sun-day-closing ordinances." He wrote a sort of treatise on Sunday legislation to Rev. Mr. Mills in reply, and wound up by de-claring that he was " heartily in sympathy with any move tending toward or having for its object the proper observance of this day as a day of rest and devotion," and that " any complaints made to the magistrates or the police of the city of violations of any of the city ordinances in this regard " would receive prompt at-tention. This communication was read at a mass-meeting that was addressed by a number of clergymen, and at which this was adopted : Resolved, That it is the strong and prevail-ing public sentiment of the people of Grand Forks that the welfare of the city, as well as obedience to the laws of the city, require that all stores, offices, billiard rooms, bowling al-leys, and other places of amusement in the city be closed on Sunday. That, recognizing the willingness of the mayor as expressed in his letter, we hereby call upon the mayor of the city, the city coun-cil, the city attorney, the State's attorney, and the chief of police to maintain and enforce the laws regarding Sunday observance, and we pledge them our support in the same. A civic federation" of fifty members was organized at this mass-meeting. and  a " special committee on the enforcement of Sunday laws " was at once appointed. This committee has caused the arrest and fining on the charge of Sunday selling of the manager of the " New York Outlet Company," a Jew, and a local paper says the federation is proving " a powerful factor in seeing that the Sunday-closing laws of the State and city are enforced." We mentioned last week that the cases of five barbers who were arrested in Sioux City, Iowa, on December 22, for barbering on Sunday, had been continued. It seems that their attorneys have de-termined to test the validity of the ordi-nance under which the arrests were made, and for that purpose one of the barbers pleaded guilty and refused to pay the fine of $5 imposed. He was then sentenced to two days in jail. The attorneys at-tempted to secure his release by habeas corpus, but the court decided that an ap-peal was the proper step. The attorneys have filed demurrers to the informations against the barbers, " alleging illegality and unconstitutionality of the ordinance " prohibiting Sunday barbering on these grounds: FirstŠBecause section 5040 of the Iowa State statutes proceeds on the principle that persons who conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath shall not be re-quired to abstain from employment otherwise lawful on Sunday. SecondŠBecause such ordinance is class legislation and grants immunity to one class of citizens which upon the same terms shall not belong to all, in that such ordinance com-pels certain classes of citizens who in obedience to their religious convictions rest from labor on the seventh day of the week, to rest another day. ThirdŠBecause the ordinance, which secures 