THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY 831 doing wrong, but I hardly believe that I am." He thought that "as long as these things do not stop, if we wish to carry on our work successfully we must make use of them," and "several others spoke emphasizing this sentiment." "All agreed that children should not eat candy, that men should not smoke, and that young people ought not to go riding on Sunday." "By eating candy the children induce the confectioners to keep their shops open on the holy day; men should not smoke especially on that day for the same reason, and by using the buggies and horses the young people tempt the livery men to keep their establishments open." Very wisely and very unusually for such a body, "it was finally agreed that the only way to reduce Sabbath desecra-tion is to begin at home, each and every Christian person to look after hiniself and do all in his way that he can to lessen the evil," and that "it would be useless to start any sweeping re-forms until the people of the church. can place their own action entirely above reproach." And in connection with this determination it was "re-quested that the committee which had been appointed to look into the observ-ance of the Sabbath be discharged," and "this was done." The course that has been adopted in this matter by the Lincoln ministerial association is not one that most of the other ministerial associations throughout the country that give attention to this matter adopt Š indeed, we recall only one other in- stance where this course has been adopted. But it is the Christian 'course, which the method of "law and its en-forcement" decidedly is not. Some one has writen from Massa-chusetts to the New York Tribune that  "Sunday games are getting more and more to be the order of the day, paving the way for an easy descent to, first, a preliminary bracketing and eventually a complete blotting out of the Fourth Ł Commandment." It would be inter-esting to know what connection there is between the Fourth Commandment and Sunday games. This correspondent also says that "had God only foreseen the present-day necessity for care-re-lieving amusement He would have made the commandment read, 'Remem-ber the Sabbath day to deep it divert-ingly," and again that "if God had only foreseen the requirements of our twentieth century business He would surely have written, 'Remember the Sabbath day to keep it financially.' " And had He written the commandment to meet the requirements of the pres-ent-day "Sabbath" agitators He would have written: "Remember the Sab-bath day to enforce it upon others. Six days shalt thou labor . . . ; but the first day is the Sabbath; in it thou shalt do no work, except that of spying upon thy Neighbors and getting evidence for the purpose of prosecuting those who may be caught working or selling. In-duce all whom you can to sell to you in order that you may have them fined or imprisoned, for that which is evil in them will be accounted as righteous in you." The people who have sub-stituted Sunday observance for Sab-bath observance have done more to-ward bracketing and blotting out the Fourth Commandment than ever has or ever will or ever can be done by Sun-day games, work, and traffic, and they are very foolish in appealing to it against them. All that those who en-gage in Sunday games, work, and traf-fic need to do when denounced on the authority of the Fourth Commandment is to point to the example of those who thus appeal to the commandment. 