EDITORIAL 307 something which bears some resemblance to such language has been said. Bishop Potter has been spoken of as having no rival in the affections of saloon-keepers but the District-Attorney, and has been characterized as "a rhetorician of high grade," "a follower of tendencies." The Mayor has been represented as trying "to undermine public respect for the exist-ing law," as proposing "a quack remedy," ,a "pernicious scheme" that "would be morally disastrous," ,and as having "a huge fly" in his "pot of ointment for the sores of the city." The District Attorney has been dealt with at greater length and with even less respect. Here is the last "compliment" that has been paid him by the Advocate because of his attitude to-ward the Sunday-closing law : "Before the campaign was over it was obvious to every intelligent person that, though his vociferations might make votes, his judg-ment was in inverse proportion to his volubility." This may be more scholarly than the language of the Filipino priests, but otherwise it is not materially differ-ent It is to be noted that the Advocate has carefully refrained from making known what "was obvious to every in-telligent person" some time ago until it found that Mr. Jerome did not propose to spend his time as District Attorney in enforcing the Sunday law. What was known in November is published in March in connection with comment on what took place in January and February ! Of course there is mixed up in this matter the question of the liquor traffic, but so far as Sunday enforcement is con-cerned, the attitude of the Advocate, the Methodists, and other religious bodies in this country, is just as much opposed to the principle of the separation of church and state as is the attitude of the Catholic priests of the Philippines. And in our opinion the Catholic priests have a much  better excuse for their contention. They are not making any pretentions of stand-ing for the principle of separation of church and state, and the government of the country in which they live has for hundreds of years been operated with reference to religion just as they insist that the new government shall be. Yet those religious people, who in this coun-try insist that "the Sabbath" shall be maintained by the civil authorities, are very much amused that the Philippine Catholics should raise such a stir over the announcement and application of the principle of church and state separa-tion, and should see in it "a declaration of 'war against God and Holy Church.' " If we remember correctly there have been seen and heard from a great many non-Catholic religious sources in this coun-try declarations to the effect that if the state withdrew its legal support from the "Christian Sabbath" that it would be equivalent to something very much like "a declaration of war against God and. the church." We are not disposed to believe the statement recently made in the Senate of the United States to the effect that if the religious people of the Philippines were Protestants instead of Catholics they would be dealt with in a much different manner by the American authorities, "as no member of Congress would be able to withstand the wrath of the Methodists, Baptists, and Presby-terians of this country." But certainly this matter of Sunday enforcement does not argue that the statement is incorrect. Many adherents of the large religious de-nominations in this country seem per-fectly content to have one standard with regard to the separation of church and state enforced upon the Catholics of the Philippines and quite another standard practised by themselves in the United States. 