20 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY statute of 1794" were on the docket as the result of the activity of the agents of the "Sabbath" Association, the No-vember grand jury, in its final present-ment to the Court of Quarter Sessions, "took occasion to rebuke the wholesale prosecution of small shopkeepers for selling their wares on Sunday." This was included in the grand jury present-ment : The Grand Jury Condemns the Crusade A word in reference to the prosecu-tion of so many storekeepers charged with violating the Sunday 'taw will not be out of place. We do not regard it as just and proper on the part of the Sabbath Association to prosecute, .and we might say persecute, the cigar and candy dealer for selling on Sunday, as many of those dealers are dependent on that day for what little business they do. To be subjected to arrest and the imposition of a fine is not morally right. Thus the Philadelphia religionists who during the past year have been making it their business to oppress and persecute people in the interests of the enforcement of a religious observance under the hypocritical pretense of re-gard for law and zeal for its enforce-ment, have at last secured for them-selves a well-deserved rebuke from a body which represents the law indeed Š from men who were not self-styled and self-apointed champions of "law and its enforcement," but upon whom rested the actual and legal responsibil-ity of setting in motion the machinery of the law against all perpetrators of crime. These men, with that sense of fairness and justice which should char-acterize men charged with such respon-sibility (for it is the first and highest essential in those charged with the ad-ministration of justice, and law and its enforcement exist for no other pur-pose and have no other object what-ever), in the discharge of the high duty  with respect to the administration 4 justice with which they were charged, took occasion in the course of a formal presentment to call attention to the work in which the Philadelphia "Sab-bath" Association, in the name of relig-ion, morality, and especially of "law," has been engaged during the past year, and, instead of commending and en-dorsing it, to declare plainly that it was not just ,and proper nor morally right, and amounted to persecution. This is the attitude that the administra-tors of law everywhere should take toward the work of the champions of Sunday enforcement, who know no law but the illegal Sunday " law." The occupations of the eighteen grand jury-men whose sense of right and regard for the principles upon which all gen-uine law, and all legal law in this coun-try, rests, moved them to this very com-mendable action are as follows : Clerks, 3; carpenters, 2 ; plumbers, 2 ; painter, 1; printer, 1; machinist, 1; engineer, 1; rigger, 1; brass finisher, 1; con-tractor, 1; florist, 1; conveyancer, 1; dealer, 1; grocer, 1. So it seems that the rebuke which the "Sabbath" As-sociation has received has come not only from a grand jury, but from a grand jury composed of men belonging to the very class in behalf of which it has pretended that its crusade has been carried on. That would seem to be the unkindest cut of all. On December 5 the Public Ledger commented thus on the action of the grand jury: That a body whose particular duty it is to search out and indict violators of the law should turn aside from this duty to protest against prosecutions of offenders against a certain set of laws was a thing unheard of until yester-day? The action of the grand jury in putting on record its rebuke of the blue-law campaigners is surely unprece-dented in the legal annals of Pennsyl-vania. The grand jury, moved by 