222 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY course, worshipful devotion, spiritual refreshment, living charities, and gener-ous sympathy for the tired and toiling wage-earners? Might not these justly cry out, "Observe the day according to your creed and professions, as one of re-ligious consecration, before you exclaim against what you call its desecration by us"? May not one soberly and even sor-rowfully ask, whether in our deprecation of the growing desecration of Sunday we may not also question whether the time is not also come "when judgment must first begin in the house of God"? [In a later communication Mr. Jewell further emphasizes the distinction be-tween what the church may expect in the matter of Sabbath (Sunday) observance, of those who adhere to her and those who are wholly outside her pale. Even the "Puritan Sabbath" may be perfectly proper for church members who volun-tarily adhere to a church which holds to such observance, but neither the "Puri-tan Sabbath" nor any other kind of a "sabbath" is a proper thing to enforce upon people either by church or state.] There will be those who from honest though mistaken convictions will object to the view taken of proper Christian Sunday observance in the previous com-munication to The Church Standard. For example, some will exclaim, "But this is to demand of all churches and communicants that they return to the  strictness of the Puritan Sabbath." Well, why not, at least in its real substance? It is the fashion to denounce the Puritan Sabbath without measure, and in some part without reason. Within its just and proper bounds, that is, within the inner circle of actual church members, the Puritan rule was perfectly consistent with a sincere and masterful devotion to the Christian religion; and their much-decried strenuous observance of it was, notwithstanding its incidental defects, the very foundation of those stalwart vir-tues to which the nation owes so much. The error of the Puritans was one from which our own reformers are none too freeŠthat of not distinguishing between church and state, and of striving to force their religious observance of the Sabbath upon society and state. They ignored the fact that young non-professors were incapable either of understanding its claims or enduring its rigor; and that the non-religious, the irreligious, and the profane were not only wholly outside of its bounds, but were also morally unable to render any other than either a hypo-critical or a hostile obedience. This was a tyranny closely akin to that exercised by the state over the church which drove them to seek a freer home in the New World. That error we may reasonably condemn; but to decry their rule as an interior law for their church members is not so clearly just. O Dr. Crafts of Washington, D. C., re-cently spent two days in this city, speaking of the reforms necessary in successfully operating a world's fair from a moral standpoint. Many of his suggestions were excellent, but very_in-sidiously he brought in as chief among the needed reforms, the Sunday closing of the exposition. He boasted that the  reform bureau which he represented had already secured an act of Congress clos-ing the St. Louis Exposition on Sunday, and that he had the honor of drafting the bill. He said also that they had suc-cessfully conducted thrOugh Congress fifteen other acts during the last four years. The fact that, so much success had at--. 