EDITORIAL 369 that this strict enforcement would be continued against them by the police. At this point Mayor Low, under date of April i8, sent to Police Commissioner Partridge the following communication: SulŠI am reminded that the Jewish Pass-over festival begins this year on Monday next and lasts until and including Tuesday, April 29. The Monday and Tuesday of both weeks with the Jews are holy days, as well as the Saturdays, and upon these days the devout among them keep their shops closed. In the mean while, it is a requirement of their religion that they secure meat, specially prepared, which under the circumstances can only be had upon two Sundays for use upon these days; thus compelling the devout Jew to choose be-tween obeying the dictates of his conscience and the letter of the statute of the State. I am of the opinion that the spirit of the Penal Code, rather than its letter, should gov-ern on these two Sundays. Section 263 pro-hibits all labor on Sunday "excepting the works of necessity or charity." Section 266 provides that all trades are prohibited, "except that when the same are works ,of necessity they may be performed on that day in their usual and orderly manner, so as not to interfere with the repose and religious liberty of the community." It should also be borne in mind that it is made by Section 264 of the Penal Code a sufficient defence "to a prosecution of labdr on the first day of the week that the de-fendant uniformly keeps another day of the week as holy time." The selling of meat on these two Sunday mornings by Jewish butch-ers to Jews would seem to me to fall within the spirit of all these exceptions. Certainly the situation does not call for the enforcement of this law on those Sundays by the use of plain-clothes men ; and I want to say in general, that the enforcement of such a law by this method at any time seems to me obnoxious to the sense of justice. A breach of such a law that can only be discovered by solicitation on the part of the police to break it is not such a breach of it as to disturb "the repose and religious liberty of the community," to quote the object of this law as stated in section 259 of the Penal Code. This letter practically instructed the head of the police department to have the enforcement of the Sunday law upon the Jews completely stopped for two Sun- days, and that at the very time when the police were bent on stringent enforce-ment. As we have said this act is praise-worthy, and with no intention of making any reflections upon it, we will make some observatidns which are pertinent in this connection. While it is true that during this Pass-over season the enforcement of the Sun-day law would have been an especial hardship for the Hebrews, yet it is just as true that enforcement of the Sunday law at other times virtually compels "the devout Jew to choose between obeying the dictates of his conscience and the let-ter of the statute of the State." His re-ligion requires him to observe the seventh day of the week, while the State requires him to observe the first day of the week. He is thus obliged to suspend business two days every week or else vio-late his conscience. The mayor strongly intimates that the spirit of the Penal Code is against the enforcement of the Sunday law upon the Hebrews, and it would seem that if it were proper for the spirit rather than the letter to govern on these two Sundays of the Passover sea-son, that it would be proper at all other times. But if the Sunday law were a legiti-mate statute it would not be proper to,  suspend it even upon these two Sundays. It is a well-established legal principle that the dictates of conscience cannot be allowed to excuse or justify acts that are criminal. Laws which are proper for the peace and welfare of society cannot be suspended because they conflict with the dictates,  of conscience. The fact that it is proper to suspend the Sunday law in deference to the conscientious convic-tions of those who desire to properly ob-serve the Passover festival demonstrates that it has no rightful place upon the statute books of the State. All lovers of justice and fairness will, 