NOTE AND COMMENT 187 The New York Christian Advocate has this to say of "crime-breeding pardons" : If the list of bank wreckers and defaulters of all sorts pardoned by the Presidents of the United States during the past sixteen years, and the commutations, was published, to say nothing about those by governors, it would prove what we firmly believe: that in pardon-ing bank wreckers, forgers (of good family), and politicians, both the national and State administrations are a most powerful stimu-lant to crime, and a potent and natural cause of discontent among the poorer and ob-scurer classes of the community. This comment was occasioned by the recent pardoning of a man who had served only four years of a sentence of nineteen years in the penitentiary for robbing the State treasury of Nebraska of $750,000. There is certainly something wrong when such men can virtually escape punishment, while those who are guilty of much smaller offenses are rigorously punished. But there are many things wrong in these times. At a conference of fifteen representa-tive citizens of New York City, on Jan-uary 6, a committee was appointed to draft a bill for immediate presentation to the New York legislature which will abolish the ten-room saloon-hotel, com-monly called the "Raines law hotel," and will legalize the opening of all sa-loons in Greater New York on Sundays from one o'clock in the afternoon until eleven o'clock at night. Among those who spoke at the conference were Dis-trict Attorney Jerome, Dr. Lyman Ab-bott, Dr. William S. Rainsford, and Wheeler H. Peckham. The almost unanimous sentiment was that the "Raines law hotels" should be abolished, and that the saloons should be permitted to open at such hours on Sunday as "would not give offense to the church-going residents of the city, and at the  same time prove satisfactory to those who believe that the closing of the sa-loons is an injustice and an interference with their pleasures and freedom." According to Signor Guglielmo Mar-coni the success of wireless telegraphy is assured. He declares that the recent experiments in Newfoundland, which have attracted so much attention, were an "indubitable test" of the system of which he is the pioneer. The letter "S" was transmitted across the Atlantic and received by the kite flying in Newfound-land thirty-two times a minute, the rate of speed that had been determined upon. This was a jump of from zoo to 2,000 miles in sending signals through space. Experiments are to be resumed in a short time. The power of the station in England will be increased, and two sta-tions will be established on this side of the AtlanticŠone in Novia Scotia and the other at Cape Cod. Signor Mar-coni's confidence in his experiments is so great that he predicts that in a few years these two transatlantic lines will be in operation upon a commercial basis with the cost of sending messages to England reduced from the present rate of twenty-five cents a word to one cent a word or less. He is also planning to make experiments of wireless communi-cation between England and India. The war in the Philippines, the end of which has been announced so many times, not only continues, but the latest reports are to the effect that it is now "entering upon its sternest phase." Fre-quent reports confirm the fact that a policy has been inaugurated in some por-tions of the islands that certainly equals the reconcentration policy of the British in South Africa, and that is scarcely less severe than that which made the name 