SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed in the general articles and the editorial department. Synopsis.ÑArrests under Sunday laws: For keeping open store and selling, 44; for ped-dling, 25 ; for playing ball, 13; for "gaming on the Lord's Day," 9; for barbering, 2 ; total, 93. Persons fined: For keeping open store and selling, 17; for playing ball, to; for peddling, 25; for "gaming on the Lord's Day," g; for barbering. t; total, 62. Sunday-enforcement move-ments and agitations: Against opening of stores or shops and selling, 13; against ball playing, 5; against barbering, 3; against saloons, 4; against excursions, 2; against concerts and enter-tainments, 2 ; against common labor, I ; against delivering of mail, 1; against racing, I ; general, 5 ; total, 37. Two ordinances against ball-playing enacted. One city ordinance prohibiting the- atrical entertainments enacted.  One court injunction issued against ball-playing; another against racing. New Denver ordinance prohibiting barbering sustained by magistrate. New Montreal liberal by-law pronounced void by magistrate. Opening of shops in warm weather for sale of meat and vegetables declared a public necessity by Kentucky magistrate. Court sentence pronounced on Sunday declared void by New York magistrate. The city council of Heron, Minn., has prohibited the playing of ball on Sunday in that place. t. Clergymen of Titonka, Iowa, have be-gun a crusade against Sunday ball play-ing and liquor selling. The authorities of Carthage, N. Y., have prevented the playing of baseball in that village on Sundays. ¥ The ministers' union of Toledo, Ohio, is agitating the question of Sunday en- forcement against the saloons in that city. ¥ The city council of Morton, Minn., has passed an ordinance prohibiting the play-ing of baseball on Sunday within the city limits. Eight storekeepers were fined for Sun-day selling in a Trenton, N. J., police court on July 15. The fines ranged from $2 to $3.85 each. 4:0  Alex. Zaleski, a barber of Buffalo, N. Y., was arrested by the police on Au-gust 26 for having "violated the Sunday shaving law" on the preceding Sunday. The marshal of Moundsville, W. Va., "seconded by members of the city coun-cil, has ordered candy and fruit stores to close on the Sabbath." The barbers of Marshalltown, Iowa, have organized, and have begun a move-ment to enforce Sunday closing of all barber shops in that city. Nine men were arrested in Springfield, Mass., on August 24, "for gaming on the Lord's Day," and were fined $io and costs each for the same in the police court two days later. ¥ The journeymen barbers of Cleveland. Ohio, have called upon the mayor of that city to enforce the Sunday closing of bar-ber shops. The mayor has "instructed Director of Police Dunn to see to it." ¥ In response to a request from the retail clerks' union the mayor of Montgomery, Ala., has ordered the enforcement of the Sunday closing ordinance in that city, es-pecially against clothing and furnishing dealers. The churches of Hartford, Wis., re- 