652 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY This law prescribes a penalty of $20 for opening or permitting the opening of any barber shop in the Ł District on Sunday, and provides that "the informer" shall "receive one-half of said fine." For some months the barber shops in Niagara Falls, N. Y., have been strictly closed on Sundays through the efforts of the journeymen barbers aided by the police. Late in July the master and journeymen barbers adjusted their dif-ferences, and the latter raised the ban against Sunday opening. Learning that the shops were expecting to open again on Sundays, the ministerial union at once sent representatives to the chief of police, who in response to their demand ordered that the Sunday Łclosing should continue. The barbers now insist that the clothing stores, many of which are open, shall also be compelled to close. The chief of police says he will close them if a de-mand is made for it in writing. A recent bicycle race on Sunday at Pleasure Beach, near Bridgeport, Conn., and a Sunday parade by the Hibernian Rifles and Irish Volunteers, called forth from the ministers' association and the Christian Endeavor Union of that city a strong protest to the city authorities against parades and bicycle races on Sun-day. The president of the Christian En-deavor Union characterized the bicycle racing, which took place on private prop-erty, as "an unjustifiable outrage upon those who desire the sanctity of the day maintained." He declared that if the city authorities did not stop such viola-tions of the law hereafter that the prose-cuting attorney would be asked to secure warrants for the arrest of all concerned. 0 In harmony with theŁ old adage which runs "make hay while the sun shines,"  certain farmers of Lincoln township, Iowa, recently spent a bright Sunday in harvesting their grain, which was in danger of spoiling from the effects of the almost incessant damp weather. On complaint of neighbors they were brought before a justice, and all who had engaged in the work were fined $i and costs each, the minimum fine imposed by the law for doing unnecessary work on Sunday. The farmers, and others who expressed themselves, held that under the circum-stances the work was necessary and therefore not a violation of the law, but it was decided not to appeal the cases. A local paper declares that "the 'blue-law' advocates should be made to under-stand that 'there is reason in all things.' " A demonstration in behalf of "a better and closer observance of the sacred Sab-bath" took place at Ocean Grove, N. J., on July 13, the day being styled the "Sab-bath observance anniversary." Several thousand people congregated in the great auditorium and were addressed by Revi  Dr. Geo. C. Lorimer and Dr..I. W. Hathaway, of the American Sabbath ( Sunday) Union. Dr. Lorimer spoke from the text in Nehemiah, "What evil thing is this that ye do, and profane the Sabbath day ?" He "denounced child la-bor as an evil growing out of the dese-cration of the Sabbath," and was quoted as saying : "Let the blame for the in-fraction of the law protecting the sanc-tity 'of the Sabbath rest upon the officials, in whatever capacity elected, and our peo-ple will see to it that the law is enforced." It would seem that a man like Dr. Lori-mer would know better that to be talking about protecting the sanctity of the Sab-bath, or the sanctity of any other day, by means of civil laws, even if he does not know that the text from which he preached had no reference to Sunday whatever. 