SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT Ł13 unless his course is bringing evil upon others. In everything which concerns himself his independence is absolute. If he does wrong, he must take the con-sequences. (We leave out of account in these statements minors, and others who are necessarily wards of the na-tion.) This realm of individual liberty com-prises each man's inward domain of consciousness, including conscience in the fullest sense of that term. It in-cludes liberty of thought and feeling, and liberty of opinion on all subjects Šscientific, moral, theological, and relig-ious. This carries with it liberty of expression, the setting forth of opin-ions, the promulgation of theories, and the controlling of actions. A man's logic may be faulty, his course may be wrong, his methods in business may be self-destructive, and he may insure to  himself poverty, disease, or moral deg-radation through wrong choices, but until such choices react in a definite way upon his fellows collectively. neither society nor the state has the right to interfere, to proscribe, or to punish. These general principles are so self-evident that few will deny them. Never-theless one of the most prominent facts in history is the disposition of men, both as rulers and as citizens, to en-force their own opinions and inclina-tions as a rule of conduct upon others. Along this question of individual lib-erty the line of battle, of civil, intellec-tual, religious and political freedom. must always be waged. And the ques-tion of Sunday legislation involves the principles of individual liberty in many ways. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the it ems in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. It is reported that the barbers of Scranton, Pa., "must close their shops on Sunday hereafter." The Cleveland (Ohio) Plaindealer re-ports that "the Sunday Union is keep-ing eye out for violations of the law." At Providence, R. I., on December 14 three persons "pleaded guilty to playing cards on Sunday" before Judge Sweetland, and "a fine of $5 and costs each was imposed." "In accordance with the directions of the mayor" the chief of police of Paterson, N. J., "has given strict or-ders to his men to prevent Sunday night concerts and similar entertain-ments hereafter." At Beaumont, Tex., on December 16 "Mayor Langham stated to the police-men in attendance on the corporation court that the Sunday law is not a dead letter, and that he wants it en-forced." He had special reference to its enforcement against saloons. "A series of Sunday evening dances" was recently "started in the Fraternal Hall in the College Building" at Spokane, Wash., and forthwith "the attention of the police was called to the matter," and they at once entered upon "negotiations for the discontinu-ance of the gatherings." 4 In the district court at Socorro, N. M., on December 14 "Judge Pope or-dered commitment issued against W. 