 e gikieil 00 CCMUSTNIV IBIBZRTY Vol.. XVIII . WASHINGTON, D. C., THURSDAY, DECEMBER IO, 1903 No. 49     Ł Sunday Legislation Those interested in for the District securing additional Sunday legislation for the District of Columbia are again seeking it from the national legisla-tors, and are evidently determined to persist until they have attained their object. At a meeting of the District Commissioners about the 20th of No-vember "Commissioner Macfarland rec-ommended that the Retail Grovers' Protective Association be advised that the District authorities have not asked any legislation of Congress relative to a Sunday-closing law." This action was "in response to an inquiry of the Ł association," which indicates that the grocers' union is desirious of having such a law enacted as soon as possible, and could hardly wait for the regular sessio'n of Congress to have the matter taken up. And evidently the "Re-form" Bureau, the religious lobby, which has long sought to obtain more 110 Sunday legislation for the District, thought it best not to wait for the regu-lar session, for on November 24 Repre-sentative Allen, of Maine, " reintro-duced his bill of the last Congress to `further protect the first day of the week as a day of rest in the District of Columbia.' " With certain excep-tions, "the bill provides that it shall be unlawful to transact business, to per-form manual labor, or to participate in sports and amusements on Sunday." It excepts "venders of books and news-papers, druggists and undertakers, and the sale of railroad tickets and the de- of Columbia livery of baggage." It specifically pro-hibits the playing of bootball and base-ball, but "does not interfere with the sale of liquor in clubs and hoteli under the present law." And "there is a further provision that it shall be a suf-ficient defense to the charge of having labored on Sunday if the defendant will prove that he habitually observes some other day of the week as a rest day, provided that his Sunday labors do not in any way disturb the peace." This is the "usual exemption," and of course no seventh-day observer who stands for principle in this matter can endorse it any more than he can the law itself. The evil principle of re-ligious legislation is in both. Congress has no more right to require people "to observe some other day of the week as a rest day" than it has to require them to observe Sunday, and that is of course what the exemption clause re-quires. The matter of people's observ-ing Sunday or "some other day of the week as a rest day" is none of Con-gress's business, and it is as much out of place in exempting people from ob-serving a day as in requiring them to observe a day. And of course such an exemption amounts to nothing asŁ a protection of the seventh-day ob-server anyway. He is exempted, "pro-vided that his Sunday labors do not in any way disturb the peace." And of course in the eyes of those who will look after the enforcement of the law, any labor he may do on Sunday will be a disturbance of the peace. He 