414 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY lowed to pronounce two sentences consecu-tively without being hooted at to answer some question. If he refused to answer he was jeered. If he did answer other questions were hurled at him too fast for him to comprehend them, until he had to scream in order to make his voice audible to the committee. One ardent young man offended several Roman Catholics as well as sincere Protestants by declaring with much gusto that any man who saw no harm in going to church Sunday morning and to a ball game in the afternoon was a hypo-crite. In an interview in Detroit just before going to the hearing Mr. Hudson, who is no doubt one of the " six prominent laymen " who with " six prominent min-isters " organized the Detroit " Sabbath Observance Association " two months ago, said : The Sunday laws have been on our statute books always. If a law that has been as prcrtninent on our statute books as the Sunday law is to be changed in any respect, it should be done only after a full and free discussion all over the State, and done then only when a majority of the voters desire it. Would the friends of the Sunday law consent to its repeal if they knew that the majority of the voters of the State de-sired it? They would prevent its repeal or any modification of it just as long as they possibly could, no matter what the majority of the voters might desire. Last September two ball players who had been arrested and convicted at Ne-braska City, Neb., for Sunday playing filed an appeal in the supreme court at Lincoln. The chief point in the appeal was that no offense under the law had been committed, there being no specific prohibition of ball playing in the Sunday statute. It was contended that the term " sporting " in the Sunday law did not include ball playing. The supreme court rendered its decision in the case on June 4, holding that ball playing on Sunday is in violation of the prohibition against " sporting " on Sunday, and intimating that " if the people are displeased with  the court's interpretation of the law, they can secure relief through the legislature." The same ruling was made in a similar case ten or twelve years ago, but in this-case it " was hoped to secure a reopen-ing of and a reversal of that opinion." The present decision " means that four players arrested at Nebraska City last summer at the instance of the law and order league must serve ten days in jail," and with the former that " the playing of baseball on Sunday in the State of Ne-braska is a misdemeanor punishable by fine and imprisonment." The Lincoln Star calls attention to the fact that the Nebraska Sunday statute " was borrowed from Ohio, which State forbade Sunday ' sporting' before baseball was intro-duced into this country." It wonders if " the legislators of that wise old State," when they enacted the Sunday statute, " looked into the future and foresaw base-ball." It comments thus on this late decision : The supreme court holds that baseball is " sporting." Immediately the question pre-sents itself, what else does the term include? From a rather reliable dictionary we quote: " Sport, a pastime, a diversion, amusement, merry-making, fun, amusement or enjoyment experienced, derision, mockery, to play, to frolic, to make merry," etc., etc. It would be interesting if the court would go over the whole definition of the word " sport " and inform the public as to the permissibility of walking, row-ing, driving, making love, playing ping pong, romping with the children, yachting, coursing, hawking and a hundred other amusements. There can be no question that baseball is a " sport," but in order that all law-abiding citizens might know the line at which they must halt it would be well if some judicial mind would tell us where the legislature has drawn it. Does it include or exclude croquet, tennis, dominoes, high five, whist, flinch or checkers? Is it the boisterous and noisy sport alone that is barred for the sake of preserving a becoming dignity on the Sabbath, or was the law intended to remove the mind from light and frivolous things and induce it to dwell upon holy things throughout the day? The court has said that the law means what it says. But does it mean all it says? 