746 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN  LIBERTY to revolt against them in the educa-tional polity of the New World and to favor the establishment of the secu-lar system, this course being more con-sistent with their ideas of civil and re-ligious liberty. Another Protestant Clergy man Advocates Religious Teaching in the Schools Several Protestant clergymen in New York made the Cardinal's utterance and the Times' comment a text for ex-pression on the subject in their sermons on October 11. Dr. George G. Lorimer, of the Madison Avenue Baptist Church, declared that while he knew that "if a man like me challenges a cardinal, it is called bigotry," that he did "not hesitate to say that our public school system is the promise of the future," and that "to attack our schools as vi-cious is an affront to our teachers, men and women as pure as any priest who ever said a mass or nuns who go forth from house to house upon their er-rands." But the position of the Cardi-nal found an ardent supporter in another clergyman, Rev. Reese F. Al-sop, rector of a Brooklyn Protestant Episcopal church, who was decidedly convinced of "the necessity of religious instruction in the public schools" : Cardinal Gibbons says that the pub-lic school education is Godless, that in being exclusively secular it under-mines the religion of the youth. How does our system of education under-mine the religion of our youth? The answer is : It does not form their hearts ; it seeks to make them men and women of the world, but not men and women of God Š in a word, it divorces their religious education from their secular. In commenting upon this in-dictment the editor says, "There are earnest and convinced men (almost wholly within the. Roman Catholic Church, we believe), who insist upon the necessity of religious instruction in the public schools." He is greatly mistaken in thinking that it is only Roman Catholics who insist upon that necessity. There are thousands not of  that communion who insist upon the same thing. A man as wide-minded as Lyman Abbott insists. It is time that the company was greatly increased. Little by little, religion, the reading of the Bible, the teaching of the Com-mandments, and the enforcement of moral precepts as of divine authority, have been pushed out, been made to give place to pure secularism. Lest some denominational tenet should be buttressed, lest offense should be taken by some class in the community, large or small, schools must ignore the moral and spiritual part of our nature and train up the child only to know and get on. They must say nothing as to the great "should" under which we all stand. They must say never a word on the great subject of duty to God. Such is the goal toward which we have been tending. Alas! that it must be admitted that the very body of which Cardinal Gibbons is an honored leader helped to push our schools into that path. It called the King James version of Scripture a Protestant Bible, and protested against Roman Catholic chil-. dren being forced to hear it read. Then the Jew protested against the New Testament. The unbeliever and the agnostic protested against the idea of God being put into their children's minds. And so it has come to pass that in a Christian land, in a Christian cen-tury, the great majority have yielded to the few and allowed the process to be completed. Why might not the Ten Command-ments be a part of the course taught and commented upon? Who'would ob-ject? Certainly neither Romanist nor Jew. Why might not the fundamental data of Christian morality be taught and enforced? Why might not care-fully selected portions of Scripture be read? Roman Catholic Defense of the Public Schools In connection with this utterance from a Protestant source it is gratify-ing to note the following from a Roman Catholic of prominenceŠJeremiah Quin, president of the school board of Milwaukee, Wis. In the course of an 