THE SUPREMACY OF THE PAPACY 297 Europe : " The ' great principle ' that the United States proclaimed for all the world is found to be insufficient. It has failed. The state cannot get along with-out the Church. Now in the face of this demonstration, do you return to the fold of the Church ; do you recognize the Papacy again; then your troubles will cease." The circumstances as well as her own offers will cause this to appear the most acceptable thing to the Eu-ropean nations, and they will recognize her and her power as essential to peace in their governments. Thus will she stand again recognized by the nations of the world as essential to government on the earth. And when that comes what will be the consequences ? Just what they were be-fore Š more trouble, more violence and more anarchy then ever could be other-wise. And this will so swiftly appear that the nations will find themselves so disappointed in their hopes, and so humil-iated in their feelings, that, just as the nations did before, they will take to themselves again this power, which with the hope of peace they surrendered to the Papacy. And the consequence will be thatŠ The ten horns that you saw, and the Beast Šthey will hate the Prostitute, and cause her to become deserted and strip her bare; they will eat her very flesh and destroy her with fire. For God put it into their minds to carry out His purpose, in carrying out their common purpose and surrendering their kingdoms to the Beast, until God's decrees should be exe-cuted. Rev. 17: 16-17. And whereas she, in her exaltation, congratulates herself that she is queen, and no widow, and shall see no sorrow : " Therefore in one day shall these Curses befall her Š death, misery and famine, and she shall be utterly destroyed by fire. For mighty is the Lord God who con-demned her." Rev. 18 :8. And this is in brief the course and out-come of the things that are occurring  in the United States, and that will con-tinue to occur and grow in abundance and in desperation until this outcome is truth-fully realized not only in the United.  States, but in Europe and all the world..  And just now, because of these things,. and at this time, there is heard that yoke-from heaven, crying to every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people : Come out of her, my people, so that you may not participate in her sins and suffer from the Curses inflicted on her. For her sins are heaped up to the heavens, and God has not forgotten her misdeeds. Pay her back with treatment with which she has treated, you; repay twice over what her actions de-serve; in the cup which she mixed for you, mix for her as much again; inflict on her tor-ture and misery to equal her self-glorification, and her luxury. Rev. i8: 4-7. For soon will come the day when " that mighty angel shall take up a stone like a great millstone, and throw it into. the sea," crying : So shall Babylon, the Great City, be violently overthrown, never more to be seen. No more shall the music of harpers, minstrels, flute players, or trumpeters be heard in you; no more shall any worker, skilled in any art, be found in you; no more shall the sound of the-mill be heard in you; no more shall the light of the lamp shine in you; no more shall the voices of bridegroom and bride be heard in you. Your merchants were the great men of the earth, for all the nations were deceived by your magical charms. Yes, and in her was to be found the blood of the Prophets, and of Christ's people, and of all who have been put to death upon earth. Rev. i8: 21-24. " After all this, I heard what seemed to be loud voices from a great throng in Heaven which said: ' Praise the Lord ! To our God belong Salvation, Glory, and Power, for true and just are His judg-ments. For He passed judgment on the great Prostitute who was corrupting the earth by her licentiousness, and He took vengeance upon her for the blood of His servants.' " This is the outcome of events that are occurring on every side in the United 