MORE CANDID TESTIMONY ON AN IMPORTANT SUBJECT 281 it, to ride on it, to feast on it, to do any-thing to remove this encroachment on Christian liberty." That is Martin Lu-ther. John Calvin has been generally re-garded as rather sound in the faith. Let us see what his attitude was. Calvin went so far as to advocate a change from Sun-day to Thursday, making this great break as a distinct and definite assertion that one day was just as good as another. And, when the famous old John Knox went to Geneva on a certain occasion to see Calvin, he found him one Sunday afternoon out playing bowls. That is John Calvin. In other words, if Calvin and Luther were living to-day, they would be fit subjects for church disci-pline. Beza, who was a coadjutor of Calvin's and his successor at Geneva, advocated distinctly working on Sunday. And Bu-cer, another great man, and a co-worker with Luther, took the same ground, ad-vocating the idea that work on that day was no more harmful than on any other. I have given you these specimens of church history and church opinion on the subject. I do not wish you.to judge my opinion on the subject until I get through, because I do not feel at all bound to agree with any of these whose opinions I have thus far giv _n you. Where did our Puritan Sunday origi-nate? ForŠget this clearly in your mind Šour Puritan, American, and English ideas of Sunday were never heard of on the face of the earth until about the six-teenth century. They grew out of the Puritan reaction. What is the explana-tion of it? Thackeray says, "An Englishman is not necessarily a brute ; but an English brute is the worst sort of brute." He was speaking of the customs of the common people in England. They carried this  matter of pleasure, sports, on Sunday, to such an extent that it became a national scandal as to morals. It was given up to every kind of licentiousness, to cruel sports, bear-baiting, and everything that revolted the sense of the better people of that time; and it was against this sort of day that the Puritans rebelled ; and, nat-urally, our sympathies go with them in that rebellion. But how did they do it? If you would know anything about the temper and spirit of the Puritans, they lived a good deal more in the Old Testament than in the New. They quoted it more; and their God was a man of war. They were living in troublous times, when they wanted the backing of this conception of the Divine. Now what did they do in regard to this Sunday ? They went back, and, as they innocently supposed, revived the Jewish Sabbath. They thought that was what they were doing. They took the Fourth Commandment, and declared that it was binding to-day in regard to the first day of the week as it had been in the old Jew-ish times concerning the seventh day. And so they set up their kind of Sunday, backing it up by the supposed divine au-thority that had issued the Fourth com-mandment. But the Puritans in regard to this mat-ter, as in a good many others, were seri-ously mistaken. They did not revive the Jewish Sabbath at all, for the Jewish Sabbath was never that kind of a day. * * * The Puritans were entirely mistaken when they made this hard and uncom-fortable day, that many of us can remem-ber, and based it on a misinterpretation of the Fourth Commandment. For they said, and they made it into theocratic law, A man must go to church, and do this and that, and not do this and that, 