CHRISTIAN CITIZENSHIP 439 and in a city built without hands, upon a renovated earth, shall Jesus Christ begin His own perfect, eternal reign of love and life.* The object of Jesus Christ in coming to this world, of sending His Gospel, His messengers, His ambassadors to the na-tions of earth, is " to take out of them a people for His name." Acts 15 :14. " But as many as received Him, to them gave He power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on His name ; which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God." John I :12, 13. Here is the foun-dation of Christian citizenship. It comes not by physical birth, not by the choice of of the flesh, not by the wills or laws of men. It comes from a heavenly birth-right, by being begotten of God, " born from above." John 3 :3-5. To such Jesus said : " If ye were of the world, the world would love its own ; but because ye are not of the world, but I chose you out of the world, therefore the world hateth you." John 15:19, R. V. " They are not of the world, even as I am not of the world." ,John 17:16. How Jesus Christ was not of this world as re-spects the kingdoms and governments of men is shown in His words to Pilate : " My kingdom is not of this world ; if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews ; but now is my kingdom not from hence." John 18: 36. He was not in any way to be involved in the politics or methods of civil govern-ment.* The laws of earthly civil citizenship inevitably involve force and compulsion, and in religious matters, tyranny and persecution. The compelling power of *See Ps. 2:7-9; Dan. 2:34, 35, 44; 727: Heb. nue; 13:14; Rev. 11:15; 22:3. It need scarcely be said that the word "heathen" in Ps. 2:1, 8 means "nations," the original word being translated "nation" and "nations" more than three hundred times, among which are Ps. 33:12; Isa. 26:2; Zeph. 2:1. See also Revised Version. * See John 6:15; Luke 12:13, 14; Matt. 26:51-53. earthly citizenship and earthly govern-ment in religious affairs is of Satan. The principles of heavenly citizenship are not of this order. God cannot work in this way. He does not, will not, give " the slightest encouragement for any human being to set himself up as God or conscience over another human being, feeling at liberty to cause him physical or mental suffering. This prin-ciple is wholly of Satan's creation." To such zealous ones Jesus says: " Put up thy sword." " Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of." See Matt. 26 : 52 ; Luke 9 : 54-56. The apostle to the Gen-tiles sets forth the work of the Christian in his own work : " Knowing therefore the terror of the Lord, we PERSUADE men." 2 Cor. 5 : 11. For this work God gives the " Holy Spirit," the " love un-feigned," the " word of truth," " the power of God," " the armor of righteous-ness," the weapons " not carnal." See Matt. 28 : 18 ; 2 Cor. 6 : 6, 7 ; io: 4. That Christian or church that turns from the all-power of heaven and earth in Jesus Christ to seek power in the politics of the world, is denying the power of god-liness and the Word of Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ was from above. More than this, while sojourning in earth, He dwelt " in the bosom of the Father," " the Son of Man which is in heaven." There was His citizenship, His country, in nature like His own. To that heav-enly commonwealth He calls all the sin-ful of earth, now aliens as respects His government. To those who receive that call He says by inspiration : " But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people ; that ye should show forth the praises [of this or that nation? this or that party? this or that policy ?ŠNo, but] of HIM who hath called you out of darkness into His marvelous light." I Peter 2: 9. And, in turn, " they will present before the world another world of higher, holier laws than 