356 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of "strong governments," by enslaved la-borers, teach a lesson to any who care to learn. Ł Of old "strong governments" have not stayed the decay of peoples nor lightened the burden of the toilers. At the period of her decline and overthrow imperial Rome had spread her eagles over nearly all the civilized world, as civ-ilization was then defined. The central-izing tendency had triumphed, but in its triumph the whole structure fell. The citizen of a republic habitually re-gards government from the standpoint of a voter, thinking of himself as a part of the governing machinery. He over-looks the most important truthŠthat he is a subject all of the time, a ruler only part of the time, i.e., when in the ma-jority. As strong governments are not pecu-liar to any country, neither is the "na-tional trend toward a stronger govern-ment" an American phenomenon, merely. It is a universal tendency inhering in the nature of government. This never ceas-ing movement, strengthening, widening, deepening, centralizing of power, is a fact which no thorough-going analysis of the subject can escape or ignore. Every-where, and at all times, in the dynasties of Babylon and. Egypt, in classic Greece, autocratic Russia or "democratic" America, the ruling power, whether king, emperor or elected persons, has sought  to extend its sway. The world has yet to see any government voluntarily curtail-ing its authority or power over its sub-jects or citizens. A written constitution is a pledge that the majority will rule in accordance with the express provisions of the instrument. In so far as it goes it is a protection of the minority against the tyranny of the majority. Self-defense must render the minority strict constructionists. It is a significant fact that the clamor of the constitution being outworn is a qry raised by those who desire and have acomplished the extension of the power of the central authority. The succes al-ready attendant on the strengthening of the central government, in disregard of what seems the plain provisions of the constitution, as evidenced by the Porto Rican and Cuban cases, may serve as a beacon to those who can read the lessOn that passing events have to teach. Power knows no law save its own limita:-tions. Mr. Shaw points to "that supreme court of arms from which there is no appeal," to sustain his contention that the centralizing tendency is the will of God. A condition which has for its justifica-tion the power of arms cannot prove a permanent right to be, save as it may be upheld by the same brute force that gave it birth. That this is an evidence of a higher civilization may be doubted. Capacity for independent self-govern-ment does not necessarily mean capacity like ours to administer a commonwealth like ours, but merely capacity of some sort to maintain peace and order, to up-hold law, and to fulfil international obligations.ŠPresident I. G. Schuman. Theology is religious truth treated  anatomically. We never commenced to call a religious truth theology till the blood that is in it began to coagulate. Just as we never think of anatomy till it is a dead body we are handling. The-ology is experience frozen over. Or, speaking chemically, theology is the pre-cipitate from old religious passion.ŠDr. C. H. Parkhurst. 