EDITORIAL 235 by Secretary Hay and his family, and by mem-bers of the legations, the Rev. Mr. Hamlin was in a position to give his utterances the widest publicity and influence. In this correspondence a few weeks ago I referred to the efforts of the rank and file of the British clergy, backed solidly by the mass of English men and women, to counteract the influence of foreigners living in this country for loose observance of the Lord's day. This influence is most apparent in the large cities, where the toiling masses are not af-fected by the restraining spirit of smaller and more orthodox communities, and are eager for any excuse to turn a day of rest into a period of recreation. Less moderate than the Ger-man and French, English and American work-ing people cannot be expected to take their Sunday pleasures as decorously as those who have long been accustomed to the "Continental Sunday." The result is disorder and growing impiety. This is the view of English clergy-men and the mass of their parishioners. All efforts on the part of their brothers in Amer-ica to discountenance breaking away from the Scriptural injunction respecting Sunday will Łbe most warmly applauded. The chief difficulty with this whole matter is that there is no Scriptural in-junction respecting Sunday observance. In the language of a leading church or-gan of this country (the Church Stand-ard, Philadelphia, December 14, 1901), "Christianity was first recognized as a world power by the establishment of the Lord's day as a Sabbatical institution, when the Emperor Constantine decreed that on the first day of the week, the great day of the Sun, all public works should be stopped and all public courts and offices closed. That was the first in-stitution of the Christian Sun-Day." (Italics supplied.) It remains to be seen whether the main-tenance by law, and every other means that can be employed, of a religious ob-servance that owes its origin as a "Christian" institution to the pagan Em-peror Constantine and the scarcely less pagan leaders of the church of his time  who were willing to deny the whole Gospel for the sake of political powerŠwe say it remains to be seen whether such a cause will be one of the potent factors in bringing together and cementing the friendship of the two great nations of the Anglo-Saxon world. If such shall be the case there is no reason to believe that the result will differ very much from the like alliance between Constan-tine and the bishops, which brought about the union of church and state and sowed the seed for the Dark Ages. And the bishops and emperors, in es-tablishing Sunday observance by law as a "Christian" institution, did so for rea-sons very similar to those that prompt its friends now. They were opposed to the "Continental Sunday," and as it was "the prevailing passion at that time, especially in the large cities, to run after the various public shows" (Neander), it was or-dered that "the public shows be transfer-led from the Christian Sunday, and from feast-days, to some other day of the week." But the remedy proved to be worse than the disease. Ł According to an exchange "a new po-litical party on ai  strictly secular basis" has just been formed at Cincinnati. "It demands the complete separation of church and state, the abolition of army chaplains, church taxation, and the aban-donment of Sabbath observance. The organization of the party took place on Sunday. It is needless to say that its adherents will be few and far between." It is difficult for the average person to see what a political party has to do with Sabbath observance, either by way of abandonment or otherwise. No political party can abandon Sabbath observance, because no political party can ever attain to Sabbath observance. It is doubtless 