EDITORIAL 833 7 he Boomerang of the "Sab-bathites" ELSEWHERE we quote the words of a Catholic priest who declares that Sunday ball playing is not inconsistent with the day as a day of rest, saying very sensibly that "rest is a relative term," and that "the change from the close work-shop to the fresh air, sunshine, and out-door freedom is rest for the enthusiastic ball player" who has been closely con-fined all week in some shop or factory. In this is suggested a lesson that the champions of "Sabbath" enforcement might well take to heart. They have very naturally in their efforts for Sunday en-forcement come to lay stress upon the Sabbath institution chiefly and almost en-tirely as an institution for physical rest, ignoring the true nature and basis of the Sabbath and its rest. They should begin to perceive that they are thereby manu-facturing a boomerang that will react with telling effect. In the first place they are by this "physical rest" propaganda with regard to the Sabbath rapidly emasculating the institution (in the popular estimation) of its religious character, which is its genu-ine, its only right and proper character as the Sabbath ; they are transforming it from a holy day into a holiday. In the next place, by transforming it into an in-stitution for physical rest, by leading the people to believe that that is the purpose for which it exists, they are working against the very objects that are dearest to their hearts; they are laying the foun-dation in the popular mind for the use of the day in an entirely different way from that in which they wish it to be used, and in the way in which they seek to compel it to be used. In their eagerness to secure the en-forcement of the Sunday institution, which is due entirely to their interest in  it as a religious institution, the ministerial champions of Sunday legislation, and it has few active champions who are not of this class, constantly assure the people that the day is for physical rest, and that their only purpose in working for Sunday legislation and enforcement is to secure to all necessary physical rest. But they will find that this will not work out just as they have anticipated. They will find that the people will not go to church to find physical relaxation, and that the exercises of religion are not the exercises in which the people will engage for bodily recreation. Since they have the word, the constantly reiterated word, of the preachers themselves for it that the da,y is for physical rest and recreation, the people will proceed like rational be-ings to spend their time on Sunday in ways that seem to them to contribute to their physical well-being. They will make the day a day of games, sports, diversions of all sorts, excursions, etc., etc. And they will not be apt to brook the prohibi-tion of these things at the instance of those by whom they have been so often and so long harangued to the effect that the day was for physical recuperation and that that was the only end that Sunday legislation was designed to accomplish. They will consider, and rightly consider, that they have but logically and consist-ently proceeded upon the argument of the preachers. The clergymen who, in their zeal for "Sabbath" legislation and enforcement, are transforming the institution (in the popular estimation) into a "civil" one for "physical rest" may think they are doing a wonderful turn for religion, are mak-ing a very shrewd move in the interests of the "Sabbath," but they will have op-portunity some day to wake up to the fact that they have succeeded chiefly in deluding themselves. They are doing all they can to bring about and establish the 