SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 45 bath, and which tend to the increased toil of the laboring man." It was de-clared that " the Sabbath cannot remain simply a day of recreation, for a secu-larized Sabbath means an iron grip on the laborer," and that " we must make personal sacrifices to save our day." This somewhat novel declaration was made : " We would be glad if every church had racks for bicycles or kept free automobiles for church-goers, if thereby the 800,000 men who run our cars seven days in the week might rest." New York newspapers of January 6 re-ported that "for selling a 10-cent can of milk and an 8-cent loaf of bread on Sun-day, Charles Muhlenbruck, a grocer in Glendale, L. I., was arrested yesterday on complaint of Charles Wissel, who says he is going to make a test of the Sunday law." Wissel, who is an ex-assemblyman and former Tammany leader, had been arrested for violating the Sunday excise law and deprived of his license. The in-cident illustrates one of the beauties of the Sunday law. It places milk and bread on a par with whisky, and enables the saloonkeeper who may be arrested occa-sionally to vent his displeasure upon small dealers who are selling food to the hungry. By being enabled to prevent the sale of the actual necessaries of life he is afforded a most ready and powerful means of securing immunity for his own business. Two merchants of Bellefonte, Pa., were arrested and fined on December 22 for "conducting their business on Sunday." At a meeting held during the preceding week the clergymen of the place "adopted a series of resolutions in which they re-quested that all business houses remain closed during the Sabbath, and stated that prosecutions would follow any violations of the law coming to their knowledge." "These resolutions were published in the  town papers, and marked copies sent to those who have heretofore been conduct-ing their business on Sunday." But the ministers did not stop with this. "In or-der to secure evidence against those who disregarded the warning, the ministers made arrangements with different per-sons to watch and report to them all those who were seen to enter any place of busi-ness." The arrests and finings reported above were the result of the first Sunday of this espionage. Ł The petition referred to in these col. umns two weeks ago which the W. C. T. U. of Montana is now circulating throughout the State, and which it ex-pects to ask every person in the State above eighteen years of age to sign, reads as follows : To the Honorable Legislative Assembly of the State of Montana: We, the undersigned residents and citizens of the State of Montana, respectfully request that you pass a law at the present session to close saloons, and all other places where intoxicating liquors, wines or beer are sold as a beverage, from 12 o'clock Saturday night until 7 o'clock Monday morning, and to provide a severe pen-alty for violation of the same. The Helena (Mont.) Independent says that as far as it is aware "no town or city in the State has attempted so far to en-force a Sunday-closing act," but the Miles City (Mont.) Journal says that in com-pliance with the wishes of retail liquor dealers themselves such a measure was in force in that city from May, z to Septem-ber 3o, 190o, and that it proved "a rank failure in the one respect of preserving order and decency on the public streets on Sunday." Those who wished whisky on Sunday purchased it in quantities on Sat-urday night, and the next day, instead of being in the saloons, were on the streets in a more intoxicated condition than they would have been in had they gone to the saloons and bought their drink by the glass. The Journal says it was found ex- 