444 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY good citizen may not be a Christian at all. The production of good citizens out of bad ones is a necessary result of the work of the Gospel ; but as the Gospel works only through faith, which is a voluntary exercise, its aim is something entirely different from the preservation of public peace and order. Civil force, and that alone, is adapted to this end, proceeding without any reference to in-dividual belief or volition. Thus the spheres of religion and the state are dis-tinct. For the latter to enter, with its civil force, the domain of the former is for it to attempt to drive men across the impassable gulf between sin and God., This gulf is bridged only by Jesus Christ and can be crossed only by faith in Him. But political methods know nothing of faith; and, knowing nothing of faith, they know nothing of the power of God unto salvation. Hence they cannot pos-sibly be Christian, and the use of them cannot be Christian endeavor. The Christian Endeavor organization is powerful. As a political force it could compel many changes in city and state and national legislation and government. But no matter how great might be its power as a political force, it could not with such power push a single soul into righteousness or pull a single soul out of sin. Only the power of God can work reformation and salvation from sin; and the followers of Christ have been com-missioned to work reformation and sal-vation by proclaiming the Gospel, which " is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth." It is through faith that the individual receives the saving power of the Gospel. The preaching by word and life of the Gospel of the power of God unto salvation through faith is true Christian endeavor. This is the only sort of Christian en-deavor that can do the world good. L. A. SMITH. DID the Lord Jesus make a mistake in regard to the way in which true reform should be conducted and accom-plished in the world ? It is certain that all people look upon the mission and work of Christ in the world as having been at least intended to be reformatory. Was His mission and work then truly reformatory or not? Did He proceed upon correct principles? did He employ right methods to accomplish real reform? or were His principles and methods alto-gether wrong? These are not captious questions. They are not lightly asked. They are ques-tions that need to be carefully and se-riously considered, especially by all who profess to believe in Christ, by all who profess to have any respect for Him as a reformer. The conditions existing when Jesus was on earth were just such conditions as are  now upon the earthŠonly somewhat worse. The evils which then prevailedŠprivate and public, individual and govern-mentalŠwere precisely such as are now prevalent in the United States. There was corruption in government every-where, whether municipal or national. Ł Yet He did not, nor did He direct His disciples to, enter into an agitation for either municipal or national reform. He did not engage himself, nor did He direct His disciples to engage, in the formation of any societies, leagues, unions, or fed-erations, " to enthrone Christ in every town and city " in the empire, nor to cause Him " to reign supreme on the Capitoline Hill." When a multitude of the people were unanimous in the opinion that He should be king of His own city and His own country, which by the way were at the time governed by outrageously immoral men, He would not for a moment coun- 