THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 363 Apropos of the demand of a New York clergy-man that negro slavery be restored in this country is this from the Truth Seeker: "Mr. Frank in his solicitude for the negro forgets the white man, and hence overlooks the fact that slav-ery is always degrading to the master, however elevat-ing it may be to the slave." It must be admitted that in this instance the Free-thought editor shows a clearer moral insight than the minister. * * The National Christian Citizenship League recent-ly sent to a number of persons the following questions : "Is the church Christian? Does she stand for the things for which Jesus stood and teach the truths he taught ?" Among the replies received was one from the Rev. Dr. R. Heber Newton, rector of All Souls church, who said : "If by the question is meant, Is the church as an organization Christly, possessed of the spirit and or-ganized upon the principles of Christ? I am afraid the answer must be no. The teachings of the church for the most part are far from following the teachings of JesusŠnay, they are far from recognizing what those teachings are. The organization of the church is planned and patterned upon a policy which is the very antithesis of a true society of Jesus ? Commercialism dominates the organization and conventionality ty-' rannizes the pulpit. The law of the market rather than the law of the Mount is accepted by the church at large." And who will dare deny that Dr. Newton told the truth. Clearly the church has departed very far from the simplicity and doctrine of the apostles. Worse if Possible than Drunkenness. Under the heading, "Drunkenness in Manila," the New York Christian Advocate of the 9th inst. says : "Through private sources the Advocate has been given a special glance at the liquor evil in Manila, and is constrained to allow other eyes to share the vision. "To begin with, our far-away informant seems to be under great constraint lest the military authorities in Manila may find out who it is that's giving out in-formation. The press censorship is very strict, and even the private correspondence of individuals is closely watched." Then follows a statement of the evil effects of liquor drinking, especially on the soldiers, many of whom have died of drunkenness and "scores if not hundreds have gone insane" from the use of a native liquor called "vino." But what must be thought of a censorship which is so strict that private individuals do not dare  even to have it known that they write to their friends a true statement of the conditions in Manila? There can be but one reason for such a censorship, namely, to keep the people of this country, and possi-bly even the administration, in ignorance of the real conditions in the Philippines. How much better is this than Spanish methods ? But censorship, not only of the press but of private correspondence, is insepara-ble from military imperialism. If the people will have the "glory" they must pay the price. B. Political Alliance Suggested by an Ecclesiastic. At the recent Methodist conference in this city, Thomas Allen, D. D., fraternal delegate representing the English Wesleyan Methodist Church, said: "During the last twenty-five years a new sentiment has grown up in our midst. I refer to imperialism. It is by no means a party sentiment, because it has cap-tivated men of various types of political thought. "It was this sentiment which found such dra-matic expression in our diamond jubilee a few years ago. The central figure of that great demonstration was our venerable and beloved queen, and she acted her part with a reverence, a thoughtfulness, and a sym-pathy which left nothing to be desired. This new SENTIMENT HAS REVOLUTIONIZED OUR COLONIAL POLICY. Time was when our colonies were regarded as a bur-den, and Parliament would not have shed tears if some of them had set up housekeeping for themselves. But that day has gone by forever. The colonial troops now fighting for us in South Africa have awakened ex-traordinary enthusiasm. One compensation for this terrible war will be that the bounds of friendship be-tween the colonies and the mother country will be strengthened. Having been united in sacrifice, they will not easily be separated in the time to come. "What the ultimate outcome of this new sentiment will be it is hard to say. Sometimes I have been afraid that it may lead to a series of wars like that which marked the time of the colonization of the New World. "Anyhow, I feel that the Christian church has a duty to perform in relation to this new sentiment. Her duty is to chasten it, to purify it from all inferior ele-ments, to sanctify it ; and then it will help us to con-solidate the empire and to build the KINGDOM OF JESUS CHRIST. "I believe' in the election of nations to work out definite purposes of the divine mind. The Hebrews served the purposes of revelation and religion. The Greeks furnished the world with an example of intel-lectual and artistic culture. The Romans developed the principles of law, government, and order. And England's mission seems to be to serve the purposes of colonization and Christianity. "England has not forgotten the spiritual needs of her colonies. The evangelical revival produced our 