THE INDIVIDUAL RESPONSIBLE  ONLY TO GOD IN RELIGION 521 religious things is directly forbidden by the Word of God. " Ye are bought with a price ; be not ye the servants of men." Christ has redeemed men with his own precious blood. To him, therefore, and to the Father, who in love to the world gave him a ransom for it, we owe our salvation. It is but a reasonable service that we present ourselves to God a living sacrifice, holy and acceptable unto Him. "Ye are bought with a price; therefore glorify God in your body, and in your spirit, which are God's." But of man it is written : " None of them can by any means redeem his brother, nor give a ransom for him." Since, then, man cannot redeem his fel-lowman, nor give a ransom for .his soul, it is a direct usurpation of the position and power of God for men to treat their fellowmen as responsible to them in re-ligious things. And yet how often this has been done. In all ages of the world, and in every nation under heaven, men have placed themselves upon the judg-ment seat of God and presumed to legis-late and to rule for Him, or in His stead, in religious things. History's pages are black and blood-stained with the records of this high crime. In Egypt, Babylon, Medo-Persia, Greece and Rome the story has been repeated over and over again. It is contrary to the will and order of God that man should be subject to man in that which pertains to eternal life. Subjection in spiritual things is a real worship, and should be rendered only to the Creator. " Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, and Him only shalt thou serve." No man, therefore, has a right to domineer over another in religious things. No man has a right to dictate to his wife what her religious faith and practise shall be. There are a great many husbandsŠpopish husbandsŠ who assume the right to control the faith of their wives, and  who make themselves very disagreeable if they choose to believe and act differ-ently from them in religious things. Fathers and mothers sometimes act simi-larly towards their children after they have reached the years of accountability ; where reason only should be used they seek to compel the conscience. Such hus-bands and such parents have gotten quite out of their place. They little realize that they are standing directly between the soul and God, stifling conscientious con-victions and thus suppressing the voice of God in the soul. While in the home life the husband is the head of the wife, and while, as becomes her station, and as nature itself teaches, she should reverence her husband and be subject to him, the marriage insti-tution was by no means intended to de-stroy the individuality of the wife, nor to give the husband the right to ignore and trample upon the equal rights of the wife. Her rights are as many and as sacred as his. There is no sex in religious rights. All, both male and female, stand upon an equality before God. All are alike accountable. to Him. In Christ " there is neither male nor female, for ye are all one in Christ Jesus." There-for a husband has no more right to say what the wife shall believe than the wife what the husband shall believe. Many husbands seem to forget that the same scripture which counsels wives to subject themselves unto their husbands also says : " Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church, and gave himself for it... Let every one of you in particular so love his wife even as him-self." No man who obeys this injunction will ever tyrannize over his wife in either her domestic or her religious life. Satan's methods ever tend to one end Što make men the slaves of men. And when this is done, when one man's mind is ruled by another man's mind, the human 