illne famtkeil OF CifffeLVITAM LgalENTr A weekly publication devoted to the maintenance and defense Ł of liberty of conscience, and therefore opposed to any violation or compromise of the principle of separa-tion of church and state. Non-sectarian and non-partisan in the application of principles. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Published by REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN., 222 N. Capitol St., Washington, D. C. To whom all communications of a business nature should be addressed. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance,and regard theliquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individUal. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be,  the privilege, oi every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be ourfiuty, and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may frmly enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy pers7  year $1.00 smonths  .5o - " three months    .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.50 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .70 Club rate for three and six montns in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one, receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. It was recently reported front Winona, Minn., that the ministers of that place would " on Sunday, Jan-uary 31, start an agitation in favor of reform and a higher respect for law." It is reported that "the ministers in a number of Iowa towns have joined in a protest against the custom of hold-ing funerals on Sunday." "They ob-ject on the ground that it adds too much to the Sunday duties of themselves and others who are more or less indirectly connected with funerals." It is announced that the New York American League baseball club "has completed arrangements to play four-teen Sunday games within the limits of Greater New York during the com-ing season." There has been no Sun-day ball playing by professional teams in New York in recent years, and it is very likely that this departure, which it is stated is in response "to a popu-lar demand," will meet the decided . opposition of the champions of the "Sabbath " by law. It was recently reported from Pat-terson, N. J., that "prominent mem-bers of the liquoi dealers' association have been visited by clergymen and asked to close their places on Sunday," and that these members "expressed a willingness to do so provided all sa-loon-keepers would do so." We shall yet see clergymen and saloon-keepers united for Sunday closing, and when we see it we shall see clergymen vir-tually endorsing and supporting the saloon six days of the week. Under the heading, "Sabbath Law Wins," the McPherson (Kan.) Repub-lican of January 18 reported : "The regular annual contest at the college under the auspices of the Irving Me-morial occurred on Saturday evening. The question discussed was, Resolved, That Sunday observance should be com-pulsory in the United States. The question was ably discussed on both sides, but the- affirmative side won. The judges were Rev. L. C. Schnacke, Prof. Wm. Sinclair, and Hon. B. B. Grattan." 