388 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY right, but if it. has been done on the ground mentioned, it shows that the edu- cation of the Indians, even from the standpoint of the Government, is not a Government affair, but rather a church-and-state affair, and that the Indian Com-missioners are not strictly governmental agents. It indicates that the work of the Indian Commissioners is a work in which the Government and the churches are in partnership. If such sentiments as the above prevail it will not be long before the Indian schools of the churches, and especially those of the Catholic Church, will be drawing from the Government the financial support which they received some years ago, and which was discon-tinued as inconsistent with the principle of separation of church and state. Ł Cecil Rhodes, the British-South Afri-can "empire-builder," died of heart fail-ure, after a few weeks illness, at his home near Cape Town on March 26. "So little done ; so much to do," are said to have been the words that fell from his lips several times before his death. Mr. Rhodes had some time ago selected the place of his burial on the Matoppo Hills, near Buluwayo, Matabeleland, and there, amid considerable pomp and in the pres-ence of a large number of Matabele war-riors, he was buried on April 1o. At the same time memorial services were held in St. Paul's Cathedral, London. Mr. Rhodes left a remarkable will which em-phasizes his personality. He seems to have planned both his sepulture and his will with the idea of making each further as much as possible after his death the one ambition which seems to have con-trolled his lifeŠthe _extension of Anglo-Saxon dominion. By the terms of his will scholarships are provided at the University of Oxford for five students from Germany, a large number from the British colonies, and two for each State  and territory of the United States. His purpose in this was to promote such "a good understanding" between these three nations, but evidently especially between England and the United States, as "will secure the peace of the world." And with the peace of the world Mr. Rhodes meant the practical rule of the world. Although very much of a surprise, the favor to the United States is not looked upon as favorably as it might be. Ameri-cans are not enthusiastic over the idea of having their most promising young men educated at Oxford, which is noted for its aristocratic conservatism. The estimate of Mr. Rhodes is that he was a great man in his way, but his way was too much like that of other famous em-pire-builders ; moral principles were too lightly heeded when material and poli-tical considerations were involved. The attitude of the United States toward the Chinese is not likely to 'be one of the things dwelt upon by those who hold that their country "can do no wrong," notwithstanding the fact that the very drastic legisli-tion proposed was rejected' by the Senate on the i6th, and a milder measure passed. The measure which was being pushed by those most inter-ested in excluding the Chinese would have been, it is declared by many, in vio-lation of the treaty now existing with China. The measure adopted by the Sen-ate continues the present exclusion law and extends it "to all territory under the jurisdiction of the United 'States," and prohibits the coming of Chinese from Porto Rico, 'Hawaii, or the Philippines into the United States and from passing from one of these possessions to another. The attempt by Senator Quay to have the "Christian" Chinese and those who as-sisted in the defense or relief of the for-eign legations or the Pe-Tang Cathedral 