EDITORIAL 163 to negotiate with him? The Government has to do only with temporal powers ; why then should it negotiate with some one who is not recognized as represent-ing any temporal power? It seems pe-culiar that it should be necessary for the Government, in dealing with tem-poral affairs in the Philippines, to send an envoy to negotiate with somebody on the other side of the globe who is not recognized as having any temporal sovereignty whatever. We do not doubt that in a certain sense the Pope is a temporal sovereign now, and that his temporal sovereignty extends to the Philippines, and that it is a thing which the Government encounters in dealing with affairs in the Philippines. But such sovereignty is wrongful and illegitimate, and should not be recognized; but we are persuaded that if what The Outlook advises is carried out, this sovereignty will be fully and completely recognized. The fact that there is a disposition to go this far in the matter does not make the rumor of the appointment of a per-manent American representative at the Vatican as absurd as it might be. As we have intimated, there have been in recent years interviews sand negotia-tions between Catholic authorities, as representatives of the Papacy and the Pope, and Government officials. Not to speak of the incidents of this nature con-nected with Satolli's visit to this coun-try, we will mention here but one inci-dent of this kind that has occurred. In April, 1898, just on the eve of the Span-ish-American War, Archbishop Ireland, as the representative of the Pope, was in close relations with the Government, and it was openly declared at the time, and has never been denied by those most directly connected with the matter, that through Archbishop Ireland the Govern- ment carried on negotiations for a time with the Pope. A United States sena-tor, from his place in the Senate cham-ber, plainly stated that the cause of the delay of the President's message at that time was "the fact that Archbishop Ire-land had cabled to the Vatican," and "the President was waiting upon the Pope to secure that which American diplomacy had failed to obtain." This statement was not challenged. It was also publicly stated at that time that "the close and cordial friendship which ex-isted between Archbishop Ireland and the President, and his whole cabinet, . . . made him [Ireland] a fit instru-ment through which negotiations could be conducted," and by this "close and cordial friendship" Archbishop Ireland enjoyed such unusual facilities for un-derstanding the situation of things in the innermost circles of the administration, that he could' send to the Pope "hourly bulletins, if necessary, of the attitude of the administration." In the light of such occurrences as this, and others that might be men-tioned, the present rumors of the ap-pointment of a representative at the Vatican are not as absurd as they might be. These incidents, which are now al-most forgotten, have established prece-dents that will be heard of in the future, for the Papacy intends to make the most of them. And there are still other things which have an important bearing upon this matter, and which the Papacy will not fail to turn to the advancement of her designs. The American Government was founded upon principles directly the op-posite of the principles of the Papacy, one of which was the complete separa-tion of church and state. But there is now a strong drift away from these 