EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 471  transgression of the law." As Sunday baseball playing transgresses no law of God, it is, there-fore, not a sin, and it would be tyrannical to forbid a seventh-day observer or the observer of any other day to do that which it is not a sin to do. I trust, gentlemen, that I have made my position clear. After the remarks by the secretary Mr. Rogers said : " I heartily agree with the stand the secretary has taken in defense of civil and religious liberty. I have no doubt that my colleagues have been greatly enlightened upon the salient features of this absorbing question, and that they are agreeable to the position taken by the secretary." No words of dissent were noted. The secretary of the New York State Law and Order Society is evidently in-formed on the Sabbath and Sunday ques-tion, and deserves all honor for boldly and plainly stating the truth and taking the position that he has with regard to Sunday enforcement. His name is R. S. Aitken. The society's headquarters are at No. 34 Park Row,. New York City, and its chief purpose seems to be that of looking after the enforcement of laws pertaining to the liquor traffic. We trust that no word of dissent will be heard in the future on its board from the position that seems to have been unanimously ap-proved and adopted, and that this atti-tude of the organization will have an effect upon similar organizations through-out the country, many of which seem to be in ignorance pf the fact that order cannot be promoted by injustice and that the enforcement of a religious observance by law is not a sort of law enforcement that will do any good. O Roman Catholic Archbishop Farley of New York and Mr. John D. Crimmins, " who is prominent in Catholic Church affairs," dined with President Roosevelt and some half dozen other guests, among them Secretary Root, at Oyster Bay on July 13. " Prior to luncheon the President, Secretary Root, Archbishop Farley and Mr. Crimmins are under- stood to have discussed at consider-able length several questions involving the Catholic Church and the Govern-ment, more especially Catholic condi-tions in the Philippines. Mr. Crimmins is very prominent among the laity, and his advice in the matters under discus-sion is said to have been sought by both the President and Archbishop." If the matters were church affairs it would be interesting to know what the President and Secretary had to do with them ; and if they were governmental affairs it would be interesting to know what the Archbishop and Mr. Crimmins as a man " prominent in Catholic Church af-fairs " had to do with them. But they were matters " involving the Catholic Church and the Government." There is altogether too much of this involving in these days. The way is being prepared for a permanent involving of the Catholic Church and the Government. 0 According to the Utica (N. Y.) Ob-server " members of the milk peddlers' union in Syracuse would like to dis-continue peddling milk on Sundays, but as all the milk vendors in the city do not belong to the union, they dare not at-tempt it by order of the union. They would like to see it prohibited by law, arguing that butchers, barbers, grocers and saloonkeepers are prohibited by statute from doing business on Sunday." And thus the Sunday-enforcement in-fection spreads from business to busi-ness. There is no law preventing the members of the Syracuse milk peddlers' union, or anybody else who wants to, from discontinuing the peddling of milk on Sunday, and there should be no law prohibiting anybody who wants to from peddling milk on Sunday. " Civic Righteousness or the Observ-ance of the Sabbath " was the topic dwelt Ł 