300 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Dr. Kneeland and the Sabha- tartans A meeting ' in favor of the better ob-servance of the Sabbath" was held at the city hall in New Bedford, Mass., on the evening of March 7. Twenty-five per-sons were in attendance. Mr. Robert F. Raymond began the meeting in this fashion : "Not merely those who believe in religion, but patriots and lovers of mankind stand for the sacredness of the Sabbath. The Christian Sabbath is one of the pillars of Christianity." He was followed by Dr. Martin D. Kneeland of the New England Sabbath (Sunday) Pro-tective League, who was the speaker *of the occasion. Dr. Kneeland "began his address by describing a storm which he had once seen in the Alps, his attention having first been called by the guide to the storm centre, a black spot of cloud which appeared against one of the dis-tant hills, and gradually spread out un-til the whole landscape within vision was involved. The storm centre to-day, Dr. Kneeland said, is the warfare raging around the Christian Sabbath. There is a constant combat, unseen by some, neg-lected by many, waging about us. There is no question which will have more to do with the settlement of the great moral issues of the future than this." Mr. Kneeland declared that "the ene-mies of the Lord's day are many." As he named them over they were "the open, outspoken, blasphemous, anarchic Sab-bath destroying elements," the "indiffer-entists," the "greedy worldlings, who want to make money out of Sunday," and the "devotees of pleasure." He said he did not regard the first class as the most dangerous, ''because we know where they stand." "But," said he, "there is another element which you have in this community : the Sabbatarian  friends who tell us they do not desire any guard about Sunday. They take the ground that Saturday is the seventh day, and they are determined to overthrow Sunday. Many of these men are hon-est, but narrow. They have a smaller pin point on which to base their reason-ing than any other sect that I know of." In view of the following very sound point made by Dr. Kneeland in the same ad-dress, we should like to know where the point is, even the pin point, on which he, an advocate of Sunday observance and enforcement, bases his reasoning: There was a little boy once who was asked by his father, when he had returned from Sunday school, what the lesson had been about. The boy told his father that the lesson was on the Fourth Commandment, where-upon the father, who was not a believer in the Sabbath, argued to the boy that while the Sabbath might have been all right for the Jews and the olden times, the idea was played out. "What about the commandment, 'Thou shalt honor thy father and thy mother ?' " asked the boy, "Is that played out, too?" When God put that commandment into the heart of the ten He made it the storm centre of the whole, and when you take that out, I don't see how you can maintain the other nine. There is a point in this, but it is one that is very fatal to Dr. Kneeland's con-tention. This commandment which is "the storm centre of the whole," and which cannot be taken out without de-stroying the other nine, is taken out and destroyed so far as Dr. Kneeland's posi-tion goes, for it says nothing about Sun-day and has no relation to Sunday ob-servance whatever. Of course Dr. Kneeland will say that he interprets the commandment on the "broad" ground of "one day in seven," and in that way he takes the liberty to apply it to a day about which it says nothing. But the com-mandment does not say anything about "one day in seven." It says : "Remem-ber the Sabbath day to keep it holy. Six 