814 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY that one or two paragraphs of minor im-portance are here omitted : Daniel Freeman is a resident taxpayer and a patron of the public school in school district No. 21, in Gage county. He applied for and obtained an alternative writ of mandamus run-ning to the school board of said district, alleg-ing that against his protest and in disregard of his objections and in opposition to his de-mands, the board permitted a teacher employed by them in said school to engage daily in school hours in the public school building, in said dis-trict, and in the presence of the pupils, in cer-tain religious and sectarian exercises, consist-ing of the reading of passages of her own selec-tion from a book commonly known as King James' version or translation of the Bible, and in singing certain religious and sectarian songs, and in offering prayer to the Deity according to the customs and usages of the so-called orth-odox evangelical churches of this country, and in accordance with the belief and practises of such churches, the pupils joining in the sing-ing of such songs or hymns. The return to the writ admitted the forego-ing recited facts, except that it denied that the exercises complained of were sectarian; but the teacher, who was produced as a witness, ad-mitted that she regarded them as constituting a religious worship and that she conducted them solely for that reason. That they are cor-redly so described there can be no doubt. Protestant sects who maintain, as a part of their ritual and discipline, stated weekly meet-ings in which the exercises consist largely of prayers and songs and the reading or repetition of scriptural passages would, no doubt, ve-hemently dissent from the proposition that such exercises are not devotional or not in an exalted degree worshipful, or not intended for religious edification or instruction. That they possess all these features is a fact of such uni-versal and familiar knowledge that the courts will take judicial notice of it without formal proof. That such exercises are also sectarian in their character is not less free from doubt. For more than three centuries it has been the boast and exultation of the Protestants, and a complaint and grievance of the Roman Cath-olics, that the various translations of the Bible, especially of the New Testament, into the ver-nacular of different peoples have been the chief controversial weapon of the former, and the principal cause of the undoing of the latter.  For making of such translations, Wycliffe, Luther, Tyndale and others have been com- mended and glorified by one party and de- nounced and anathematized by the other. Books containing such translations have been committed to the flames as heretical, and their translators, printers, publishers and distributors persecuted, imprisoned, tortured, and put to death for participating in their production and distribution. The several popular versions differ in some particulars from each other, and all differ from the Catholic canon, both in rendition qi pas- sages from which sectarian doctrines are de-rived by construction, and in the number of books or gospels constituting what is regarded as the written record of divine revelation. In addition to this, there are persons who are convinced, upon grounds satisfactory to them, that considerable parts of the writings ac-cepted by all Protestant denominations are not authentic, while devout Hebrews maintain that the New Testament itself is not entitled to a place in the true Bible. These diverse opinions have given rise to a great number of religious sects or denominations. To some of these sects the reading in public of any portion of any version of the Scriptures unaccompanied by authoritative comment or explanation, or the reading of it privately by persons not commis-sioned by the church to do so, is objectionable and an offense to their religious feelings; to some, the utterance of public prayer, except recitations from Scripture, is a vain and wicked act; and to some, the songs and hymns of praise in which others engage are a stumbling-block and an offense. We do not think it wise or necessary to pro-long a discussion of what appears to us an almost self-evident fact, that exercises such as are complained of by the relator in this case, both constitute religious worship and are sec-tarian in their character within the meaning of the constitution. There is another matter deserving of consid-eration in this connection. Secular education of children within prescribed ages is by a stat-ute of this State made compulsory. Punctual-ity and regularity of attendance at the time fixed for the beginning of and throughout the daily sessions of a district school are of first importance, both as measures of discipline and for the development of a trait, or the forma-tion of a habit, of extreme importance to the students in after life. Very justly and almost, if not quite, necessarily, pupils are required to 