434 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY nominating the first officers of their city, do so on a Theocratic Platform, and desire to set forth their position and their reasons for the formation of this new party in the political affairs of the United States of America, in the manner following: ' First. We declare our loyalty to the Consti-tution and laws of the United States of America. Second. We affirm that both the Constitution and the laws are capable of amendment and improvement in a Theocratic direction; and we simply propose to advocate the making of such alterations in the manner provided by the laws of the United States. Third. We declare the motto of our party to be the unalterable and unassailable truth that "Where God rules, man prospers." Fourth. Our object is, therefore, the estab-lishment of the rule of God in every depart-ment of government, by the free will of the people. Fifth. We declare our conviction that the Holy Scriptures, which contain the Ten Com-mandments, and the inspired gospel of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, constitute the principles of all righteous government for the individual, for the Nation, and for the whole world. This "platform" was unanimously adopted after Judge V. V. Barnes and Deacon Charles J. Barnard had "made eloquent addresses upon it, which were received with intense but quiet and order-ly enthusiasm." The promoters of this new "party" seem to be under the impression that they are starting upon something entirely new, but their platform is in substance and almost word for word what the National Reformers have proclaimed for many years. And in principle it is iden-tical with that upon which Sunday en-forcement is based and which has a wide acceptance in the ranks of the predomi-nating religious elements in this country. This new "party" simply means another addition to a movement which has al-ready gained considerable headway. While by its blunt and unequivocal decla-ration of its theocratic purpose and char-acter it may somewhat discredit itself, it  is not at all improbable that when votes are wanted in behalf of legal religion that "Zion" will prove of great assistance to the church-and-state elements. We have heard Dr. Dowie, in his tabernacle in Chicago, boast that the 50,000 votes of "Zion" were held in his hand, and that they were cast as he directed. He de-clared that under his direction the votes of his followers were cast for Mr. Mc-Kinley at his first election to the Presidency, and that he had received the personal thanks of Mr. McKinley because of the same. It remains to be seen how the practise of voting men in the mass on religious issues will pan out. In other matters it is clearly recognized as a grave abuse. The Waukegan (Ill.) Daily Gazette, from which we gather the information concerning this matter, notes as one of the unique features of the convention "the fact that no cigars were passed around by the candidates." It says there was not even the smell of tobacco in the meeting and that the entire proceedings were characterized by "deep earnestness, sincerity, and dignity." This is certainly something to the credit of those who assembled in this convention, but it does not argue that the cause to which they are devoted will prove insignificant and unimportant. Those who are not addict-ed to the common vices and who pursue their object with deep earnestness and sincerity are the persons who are more likely than any others to gain prestige and endorsement for the theocratic the-ory of government The W. C. T. U. and Sunday Clos-ing Again In the March SENTINEL we published a statement from the president of the New York State W.C.T.U. as to why that organization was opposed to local 