EDITORIAL  571  such a spirit in the nation, then it will have fallen too low to be traduced and will have ceased to know what honor is. "Father" Lambert, a Catholic clergy-man of Hackensack, N. J., has been com-mended in the press for his attitude to-ward Sunday ball playing and other forms of recreation. He attended a ball game himself on a recent Sunday, in which one of the competing teams was composed of young men belonging to his church, and he "endorsed Sunday ball playing generally, provided that it is never allowed to interfere with the re-ligious duties of the participants." The significance of these last words should not be overlooked. The difference be-tween "Father" Lambert, and nearly all other Catholic clergymen, and the advo-cates of strict Sunday enforcement, is simply a difference as to what constitutes an interference with religious duties. The one looks upon games at any time on Sunday as inconsistent with religious duties, while the other thinks that relig-ious duty is amply fulfilled by attendance upon mass and other services, even though games be engaged in later in the day. As to the vital pointÑthe employ-ment of the law in compelling a perform-ance of what is regarded as religious duty or a cessation of what is regarded as inconsistent with such dutyÑit is scarcely open to doubt that there is no difference between the attitude of the Catholic clergy and the clergy of other religious bodies who favor Sunday en-forcement. And there are straws indi-cating that the Catholic clergy in this country are leaning toward the position which holds that religious duty requires strict Sunday observance throughout the day, 'rather than toward the historic Catholic position, which permits games and amusements a portion of the day. In the inscription placed upon the tri-umphal column erected by the Romans in honor of the head of their armies on his return from the East in 62 B.C., it was declared that "Pompey, 'the people's general,' had in three years captured fif-teen hundred cities, and had slain, taken, or reduced to submission, twelve million human beings." The American Repub-lic through its military representatives has done almost as much in the last three years, as is witnessed by the facts of cur-rent history. We do not know whether the Romans issued any amnesty procla-mations to those who were completely conquered or not, but it is not at all un-likely. The Springfield Republican re-marks that "never before has it happened that the natal day of American independ-ence should be celebrated by an act of pardon to men whose only crime was in following the example of those whose struggle for freedom has found in the Fourth of July a glorious memorial for-ever." About the principal difference be-tween the two "triumphs" seems to be that whereas Pompey's conquests "filled the Roman treasury to overflowing, and made the annual revenue of the republic double what it had been before," the con-quests of the United States have drained the national treasury to the extent of $17o,000,000, and give little indication of ever yielding anything in return. And there have been other losses that are still more irreparable, suggested by the fact that a transport recently took to the Philippines 4,000 coffins for dead sol-diers. But thgre has been even a greater loss than money and lifeÑa loss which deprives these other losses of the glory that might otherwise attend themÑthe loss which comes from a repudiation of great principles and a lowering of nation-al ideals, the loss which comes from a re-version to the principles and practises of the nations that have worshipped ambi- 