SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 125 Those barbers of .Sioux City, Iowa, who called in question the validity of the city ordinance against barbering on Sun-day when ar1ested and fined at the in-stance of the barbers' union, have been successful in their contention. Judge Oliver of that city has ruled that the ordinance is void " because it does not conform to the State law," and the cases against the barbers have been dismissed. The reasons urged by the attorneys for the barbers for holding the ordinance to be at variance with the State law were given in these columns four weeks ago. We do not know whether or not the court followed just the same reasoning in reaching its decision, but suppose that it did. The Worcester (Mass.) Gazette of January 19 contained this piece of news : Nathan Pemstein, a woolen manufacturer on Beach Street, was charged with violating the Lord's day in the Central District court this morning, by keeping his factory open for busi-ness. The complainants in the case were Of-ficers William J. O'Brien and Fred Tupper, who said they found the factory open and the shafting running on the night of January 4. The officers said the noise of the machinery could be heard a distance of seventy-five yards. Philip J. O'Connell,. counsel for the accused man, raised the point of law that as Pemstein observed Saturday as the Sabbath, he was not violating the statute in reference to working on Sunday. Chief Stone, who con-ducted the case for the government, very clev-erly brought out the fact that the peace of the neighborhood had been disturbed, but Judge Utley decided to continue the case un-til to-morrow. The officers who are on day duty in that section of the city will be called upon to verify the 'statement made by Pem-stein that his shop is closed all day Saturday. 4,  Late in January a bill " to permit the sale of certain articles on Sunday " was introduced into the Pennsylvania legis-lature, and soon " attracted attention from all parts of the State," the com-mittee of the upper house having it in  charge being besieged for a hearing against it." A public hearing on the bill in the senate chamber at Harrisburg was set for the loth instant, when, ac-cording to a newspaper report, " repre-sentatives of the Anti-Sabbath-breaking Society from all parts of the State " were to appear against it. We learn from the Philadelphia Record of the 5th instant that the Evangelical Alliance, the Meth-odist Preachers' Association, and the congregation of the First Presbyterian Church, all of that city, had adopted and sent to the legislature protests against the passage of the bill. On the other hand " nine organizations of retail business men in all parts of the city " had united in holding a mass-meeting in favor of the bill, and " proposed to have a del-egation of five hundred dealers invade Harrisburg by special train " on the loth to present " strong arguments for a more liberal construction of the law." Ł The activity in the enforcement of the Sunday excise law continues in Greater New York. On January 25 eighty-six arrests for violation of the law were made ; on the following Sunday, sixty-six ; and on February 8, 120. Of course this does not mean that the sale of liquor is being prevented, for it goes on unin-terruptedly in the large number of saloons which have " hotel " licenses. Only those saloon-keepers who do not have such licenses are arrested for Sun-day selling. So, according to the law as it stands, the very same act which is permitted without interference on the part of one man, is in the case of an-other treated as a misdemeanor ! As is of course to be expected, the Sunday-enforcement campaign is not confined to saloons. As noted before in these columns the enforcement has extended to the Jewish shopkeepers on the East Side. But it is not being limited to shop-keepers, as is shown by this item which 