EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 357 ers or something else, who in the interests of true freedom oppose such anti-Chris-tian purpose, are, as far as that matter goes, Christian. The " dogma of Sunday holiness " is Christian only in that it is held to by professed Christians. It is no part and parcel of Christianity, however. Ł That regular feature of the annual meetings of the Presbyterian General Assembly, the " report of the committee on Sabbath observance," was of course not omitted at the Los Angeles meeting. If this were simply a church matter we should not concern ourselves with it, but since it is not a mere matter of church discipline, but is a part of the program of Sunday enforcement, it is something that calls for outside notice. The report was presented on May 22, and " the Rev. Dr. I. W. Hathaway of New York and the Rev. Dr. Ramsdell of Washington," two leading Sunday-enforcement cham-pions, " made stirring addresses in favor of the recommendations." Among the resolutions were the following: Resolved, That the General Assembly hereby expresses its strong and emphatic disapproval of all secular uses of the day, all games and sports, all social functions, all traveling for pleasure, all excursions by land or water, all uses of this day as a day of convenience to do that which has been left undone during the past week, or to promote the secular interests of the coming week, both at home and abroad. Resolved, That the General Assembly here-by expresses its emphatic condemnation of seven-day journalism which, in our opinion, is doing as much or more than any other one influence in the United States of America to wipe out the distinction of days and to secu-larize the Christian Sabbath. Seven-day jour-nalism voices the intense commercial spirit of our age, that would rob both God and man of the rest day for financial ends; seven-day journalism . causes a vast amount of Sunday labor; seven-day journalism is a most ef-ficient enemy of the church of Christ; seven-day journalism prevents untold thousands of our citizens from attending divine services on the Lord's day, and unfits many thousands of  others for receiving the benefits of such serv-ice. Resolved, That, as the United States Con-gress has recently pronounced legislation on Sunday to be illegal, we do therefore deprecate the practise of turning the clock backward in order to legalize the passage of bills on Sun-day. The distinguishing feature of the reso-lutions this year is the condemnation of " seven-day journalism." It is strange that for all they have to say about the Sunday newspaper the Sunday-enforce-ment champions never attempt to prose-cute the publishers of these papers. Is it because they are too busy prosecuting small venders and boys for playing ball? After this severe arraignment of " seven-day journalism," which no doubt ema-nated from Dr. Hathaway, who is presi-dent of the American Sabbath (Sunday) Union, we have a right to expect that he and other leaders of the Sunday-enforce-ment cause will give more attention to the publishers of Sunday papers and less to the players of ball and the venders of small merchandise. 8 It appears from later reports than were at hand when our note of last week was written that about fifty Jews were killed outright, nearly one hundred severely in-jured, and about five hundred less seri-ously injured in the Kishineff outbreak. Six hundred shops were sacked and seven hundred houses demolished and it is said io,000 Jews are left homeless and des-titute. Count Tolstoi and Maxim Gorky, the two foremost literary men of Russia, place the responsibility for the oubreak upon the Russian government and, clergy of the state church, saying that they " keep the people in a state of ignorance and fanaticism," and that " the outrages at Kishineff are but the direct result of that propaganda of falsehood and violence [against the Jews] which our govern-ment conducts with such tireless persist-ence." The governor of the province and 