5048  THE 'SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY enforcement of its superficialities upon barbarians, but by its transformation and redemption under the powerful influence of the rude and primitive virtues of so-called barbarians. When sinking beneath its own corruption it has always felt the burden to go forth and to conquer and to "civilize." The result in the cases of Babylon, Medo-Persia, Grecia  and Rome was after all for the good of the world, for in each instance the "bar-barians" conquered the promoters of "civilization" and rescued the civilized world for a time from the corruption into which it had degenerated. An interest-ing question to-day is, Has the time come at last when the universal testimony of history in this matter is to be reversed, and civilization is to succeed at last in gaining a new lease of life for itself and in elevating the moral tone of the world by conquering barbarians instead of be-ing rescued and redeemed by them ? It has been well declared by high authority that the Declaration of Inde-pendence-  was "the genuine effusion of ' the soul of the country at that time," "the revelation of its mind, when in its youth, its enthusiasm, . . . it rose to the highest creative powers of which man is capable." The Declaration an-nounced to the world two great ideas : first, that government is of the people; and, second, that government is of right entirely separate from religion. Ampli-fications of these two ideas as they were then held are given conspicuously else-where. The words quoted from James Otis show what the mind of the country was with reference to civil liberty in those days which brought forth the Dec-laration, and the words of James Madi-son show no less what was the mind of the country at that time with regard to religious liberty. We regret that space does not permit of our presenting more  of the words of the great "Memorial and Remonstrance," and of other noble docu-ments which marked the campaign for complete religious freedom in Virginia from 1776 to 1786. This "Memorial' and Remonstrance" by Madison, which went to the General Assembly backed by over-whelming popular approval, secured the immediate passage of the great "Statute of Religious Freedom," written by Thomas Jefferson, which had been pend-ing for six years, partly on account of the war then in progress. To this cam-paign in Virginia can be directly traced the national adoption and establishment of the principle of religious freedom. It is always the case at the very last moment that we are obliged to omit mat-ter that we had expected to publish, in order to make room for something else that cannot be held over. This will ac-count for the non-appearance of some matter that was announced for this nutti-ber. :¥ It is said that the Shah of Persia, who recently visited Rome, left without see-ing the Pope, as "he finally refused to accept the formalities prescribed by the Vatican." Evidently the Shah has dif-ferent ideas on this point than has the American commission which has spent several weeks in Rome over a "business transaction" with the Pope. It is good to know that there is at least one potentale in the world who draws the line on the idolatrous formalities which the Papacy delights to impose upon gov-ernmental representatives who visit the Vatican. "Sunday ball playing is a good thing when practised within reasonable limita-tions," says the Brooklyn Eagle. "Any sport not wantonly interfering with the rational observance of Sunday, any sport 