604 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY cipitated between labor on the one side and capital on the other, if there be a voice which may still the storm . . . it is only to be found in the seat of Rome and the Seven Hills, and by the Basilica where sleeps the ashes of the Prince of the Apostles. He alone it is that is above ,suspicion. He alone it is who has authority to speak to the whole world." "There is only one tribunal that cannot be corrupted," etc., etc., etc. Now it is strictly pertinent, and in view of daily, world-wide circumstances, it is important, to recall that once in history the Papacy occupied precisely the posi-tion here outlined and asserted as that which she shall occupy again. There was a period when the Papacy was the recognized and admitted sole head of the world's powers, kingdoms and affairs, a time when the pope was admittedly "the arbiter and the only arbiter" that existed upon earth as to what is right and what is wrong; a time when by all the world-powers the pope was acknowledged as "the supreme court of Christendom." And in view of the present persistent propaganda that the Papacy shall occupy that position again, and in view of the certainty that she will for a brief season occupy that position, it is strictly proper to inquire, and it is right for all to know, just how she conducted the world, just how she exercised the prerogative of the "only arbiter" on earth "as to what is right and what is wrong," just how jus-tice was guarded by that "supreme court of Christendom." For since it is her own established and proclaimed principle that "Rome never changes," when we know how the Papacy conducted herself and the world's affairs when she occu-pied that position before, in that we shall know full well how she will conduct her-self and the world's affairs when she shall occupy that position again. By the soaring ambition, the restless  energy, and the utter callousness of Gregory VII. (April 22, 1073-May 25, 1085) and Innocent III. ( Jan. 8, 1198-July 16, 1216) the Papacy was lifted to the point of world supremacy; and there it was confirmed and maintained by their successors for two hundred years, until, to save the world. from absolute and con-firmed anarchy created by the Papacy herself, the secular rulers of Christendom were compelled to set aside that suprem-acy and take to themselves the power and the dominion in things religious as well as in things secular, in the church as well as in the state. By the ministry of Innocent III. all ChristendomŠnot only all Europe, but Constantinople, Alexandria, and Jerusa-lem, even the whole EastŠhad been brought into subjection to the Papacy. Every ruler, every power of the recog-nized world, excepting only the Moham-medan, was subject to the Papacy. And this triumph was crownedŠthis, too, by Innocent III.Šwith the calling of "the Parliament of Christendom, the twelfth general council." The council assem-bled November I, 1215, and Innocent's boundless "ambition was gratified in opening and presiding over the most august assemblage that Latin Christian-ity had ever seen. The Frankish occupa-tion of Constantinople gave opportunity for the reunion, nominal at least, of the Eastern and Western churches, and pa-triarchs of Constantinople and Jerusalem were there in humble obedience to St. Peter. All that was foremost in church and state had come, in person or by rep-resentative. Every monarch had his am-bassador there, to see that his interests suffered no detriment from a body, which, acting under the direct inspiration of the Holy Ghost, and under the princi-ple that temporal concerns were wholly subordinate to spiritual, might have lit-tle respect for the right of sovereigns. 