EDITORIAL  119 There is a thought in the above that is worthy of respect; that is that it is due to the religious influence, to the church, that a weekly day of rest has not disap-peared altogether. But the assumption that the state owes it to the church to enforte the observance of this day is equalled only by the assumptions of the Papacy in the Dark Ages. The religious Sunday does most emphatically belong to the church; it is most certainly her property, for it is not the Sabbath that was made for man nor the day of which the Son of man declared himself to be Lord. But the church's ownership of the re-ligious Sunday does not give her owner-ship of everything on earth on the first day of the week. She does not own the people who happen to be living on Sun-day, and it is not her business to dictate what all men shall do on that day. .The Lord of the true Sabbath declared that God caused His rain and sunshine to fall and shine upon both the just and the unjust, but in these days we have the doctrine set up by what purports to be "the church of Jesus Christ," that no man who is'not identified with this church has any claim on the privileges of the first day of the week whatever. It is a fortunate thing for mankind that God, and not what purports to be His church, is in control of the universe. The Lestershire (N. Y.) Record de-clares that it was "pained to read in the metropolitan papers the statements giv-en out by Christian men, and many of them ministers, favoring Sunday open-ing of saloons," and adds : "We fail to believe that the man or woman who is an advocate of the American Sabbath would, under any circumstances what-ever, sanction the open desecration of  the Lord's day by legalizing the sale of liquor." Unfortunately the sentiment of this last statement is the one con-trolling and all-absorbing sentiment that pervades the ranks of those who insist upon the maintenance of the law re-quiring saloons to be closed on Sun-days. This sentiment means a great deal more for enforced religion than it does for the cause of temperance. The National Reform Convention The organization which has been working for church and state union in this country longer than any other at its last convention met as a "National Conference on the Christian Principles of Civil Government." The convention was held in the Second Presbyterian Church in Pittsburg, Pa., November 19-21. We had hoped to have quite a full report of this convention, but were un-able to obtain it. From exchanges we gather the information given herewith. More than five hundred persons were present at the convention, many of whom were delegates appointed by churches, local conventions and young people's so-cieties. 'It is stated that "a large pro-portion were ministers." Words of wel-come were spoken by Rev. S. Edward Young, pastor of the church in which the convention was held, and by Rev. W. H. McMillan, of Allegheny, in be-half of young people's societies. The opening address was delivered by Rev. T. P. Stevenson, of Philadelphia, the sub-ject being "The March of the Nations Toward the Kingdom of Christ." This address is reported to have been "a re-view of the events of modern history which show that public morals are im-proving, that the sway of Christian na-tions is being extended over the whole 