14 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Everett Cathell, of Des Moines, in a lec-ture given Wednesday evening at Christ Episcopal Church," reported the St. Paul (Minn.) News of December 4. William Webber, a coal dealer in West 99th Street, New York, who, " at the urgent request of some customers, two of whom had sickness in their families and needed the coal to keep their houses warm," undertook to deliver on Sunday, December 7, some orders that had been left over from the previous day, was ar-raigned in the West Side police court charged with " violation of the Sunday law in permitting the delivery of coal." The policeman who had made the arrest testified that he " saw one of the prison-er's wagons delivering a ton of coal in the Boulevard near tooth Street, and a few minutes later he saw another of the prisoner's wagons delivering another ton around the corner." The magistrate dis-missed the prisoner, saying he " could see no violation of the law under the.  circumstances." Ł The city council of Bismark, N. Dak., was petitioned in November " to enact into an ordinance the State Sabbath-breaking law." One of the councilmen prepared an ordinance, which " was a copy of the Fargo ordinance, and pro-hibited servile labor, trade, barter, sports, and other Sabbath desecration." On De-cember t the committee to which it had been referred reported it back to the council without any recommendation, and the measure was then discussed. The mayor said that while he favored " a quiet Sabbath " he thought " the ordi-nance presented was too severe, as it would prevent everything except attend-ing church." He, with several members of the council, thought the matter was sufficiently covered by the State law, and  that the burden of enforcing that law should be left to the State authorities. The member who had prepared the ordi-nance was strongly of the opinion that " the city officials should have the power to enforce Sabbath observance." The result of the discussion was that the ordi-nance was withdrawn, its author declar-ing that he " would prepare and submit another " that would not be a substitute for the State law. It was announced in the Great Falls (Mont.) Tribune, of December 7, that " beginning to-day, petitions will be placed in general circulation throughout.  the State asking the legislature to enact a law providing that all saloons shall be closed all day every Sunday." The movement had been inaugurated by the State organization of the.  Women's Christian Temperance Union, the of-ficers of which declare themselves cer-tain of securing the signatures of many more than a majority of the people of the State." " Every one, man or woman, above the age of eighteen years, will be requested to sign the petitions." It is declared that " many members of the legislature have pledged themselves to favor the proposed law," and every mem-ber will be requested by letter " to define his position on the question." December 7 was, of course, Sunday, and on that day the petitions were " generally circulated in the churches," and it was expected that " every minister in the State would de-liver a sermon in advocacy of the move-ment." The petitions " do not specify any particular hours for which it is de-sired that the saloons shall be closed, but simply ask for the enactment of a law prohibiting the operation of a saloon at all on Sunday." This is probably due to the fact that the real object of the peti-tions is not the regulation of the saloons, but the " protection " of Sunday. 