ir NOTE AND COMMENT It is announced from Rome that Mar-tinelli, who has for some years "repre-sented" the Papacy at the capital of this country, has been made a cardinal, and will be succeeded soon by Mgr. Falconio, of Canada, "as Papal delegate at Wash-ington." This "delegate" business will no doubt be continued until it bears the fruit that the Papacy designs it shall; and then we shall have the papal "nuncio" or ambassador at Washington. Ł In response to the friendly advances of the government of Holland for the purpose of initiating peace negotiations between England and the Boers, the British Government has announced that it will enter into such negotiatidns only with the leaders of the Boer forces in the field, and cannot accept the interven-tion of any intermediate agencies what-ever, not even the Boer representatives now in Europe. This means the indefi-nite continuation of the war. As we close the forms for this number reports come from Spain to the effect that a condition bordering on civil war is raging at Barcelona and vicinity. A battle between rioters and troops was fought in the suburbs of Barcelona on February 20, and it is reported that sev-eral hundred persons were killed. It is expected that martial law will be shortly proclaimed in the State of Catalonia, if not throughout Spain. The rioting grew out of strikes that were in progress, and it is thought that anarch-ists are at the bottom of the matter. Workmen who have tried to resume  work have been murdered by the strik-ers, and ships in the harbor have been obliged to leave without discharging their cargoes. The Emperor of Germany has shown that he has no sympathy with "Christian Science" and kindred cults, and that he is quite ready to make his influence felt in preventing their propagation in Ger-many. He has recently given instruc-tions that all disciples of these cults be rigidly excluded from the royal court. It is thought that this course on the part of the emperor will be more effective in retarding the progress of these theories than would legislation, inasmuch as it will not now be "fashionable" to be iden-tified with "Christian Science," etc. Notwithstanding Catholics are now proclaiming Holland to be a Catholic country, and are rejoicing over the elec-tions of last fall which placed Catholics in a number of high offices in that coun-try, it is said that the Pope refuses to send a representative to The Hague. The reason is given that the Papacy has not forgotten how she was ignored by those who had the Peace Conference in charge, and that she "blames the Neth-erlands government for being excluded from the Peace Conference." Perhaps the government of Holland is not worry-ing much over the matter, and feels that a papal representative is not absolutely indispensable in the running of a gov-ernment, the holding of a conference, or the doing of anything else. 