460 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY members who side with the management of the theatre rather than with the min-isters. The president of the Lawrence University has announced that any stu-dent from that institution "apprehended in the act of attending a performance on Sunday will be dealt with most severely." The city council of Cranston, R. I., recently decided to make "all possible en-deavors to enforce the laws against Sun-day selling." It was understood that this action was taken with special refer-ence to saloons, but the chief of police, in carrying out his instructions, felt called upon to close the postoffice, and as a result people were unable to get into their lock boxes for mail. This action met with very little favor, one paper remark-ing that "the chief of police of Cranston should carefully avoid making himself ridiculous in the matter of Sunday-law enforcement," and that "he should not assume that because the order-loving citi-zens of Cranston want Sabbath quiet they expect him to go to the length of closing the postoffice, or doing other things equally foolish and futile." At the next meeting of the city council a resolution was submitted stating that the previous action of the council with refer-enec to Sunday closing applied only to saloons, and not to barbers, bakers, milk dealers, etc., but.no action was taken on the resolution. The introduction into the Ohio legis-lature of a bill repealing the law against Sunday baseball has greatly stirred the friends of Sunday enforcement in that State. At a mass-meeting held in the Trinity Congregational church in Cleve-land, where ministers and others spoke in protest against the passage of the bill, it was declared that "our most sacred insti-tutions are imperiled ;" that the question raised was not "whether we shall have  Sunday baseball, but in reality whether we are to have any Sabbath at all ;" that it "was an attack upon the religion and the freedom of the people to worship," and that "the passage of any bill which would permit a desecration of the Sab-bath is a blow at morality and would re-sult in spiritual anarchy." The Ohio Law and Order League has been working up a sentiment against the passage of the bill, and the Secretary, Rev. Alexander Jack-son, has declared that four Baptist, eight Congregational, eleven Presbyterian, eleven Methodist, and five churches of other persuasions in Cleveland and vicin-ity have put themselves "on record as unalterably opposed to any tampering with the present Sabbath law in favor of baseball or any other form of Sunday desecration." Ł Although there was very strict Sun-day enforcement in Boston on April 20, it hardly equalled that of the following Sunday when, in addition to druggists, fruit dealers, bakers and laundrymen, the Sunday enforcement order was extended to and enforced upon dentists, photogra-phers and even "camera fiends." Pho-tograph galleries were obliged to suspend entirely, while dentists were allowed to pull and fill teeth only when "the molar was aching." Work on artificial teeth was prohibited.. It seems that even the sale of postage stamps was not allowed, and the Boston Journal related at some length the difficulty that a young woman had in securing a stamp for a letter that she desired to despatch immediately. Af-ter much urging and many refusals the clerk finally bethought himself of a stamp that he had in a little book in his vest pocket. He hastily gave this to the young lady, and thus secured the retrac-tion of her declaration never to buy "an-other cent's worth of goods from you as long as I live." The dissatisfaction 