EDITORIAL 169 tian church defend its abandonment of the JewishŁSabbath? (t4) If the church may select its holy day, by what logic can it deny to the state the right to choose its rest day? (15) In view of the constitutional prohi-bitions (not of liquor, but) of laws "respect-ing the establishment of religion," can the state in enacting "Sunday laws" do so upon any other theory than that the public welfare demands that a rest day in each week must be safeguarded by legislation? (i6) If the right of the state in passing a Sunday law is bounded by the distinction between a rest day and a religious day, must not every restriction of the citizen's liberty on the state's rest day be brought to the test of expediency, rather than of religious principle? (i7) If Sunday legislation can only be based on expediency, must not the state in determining what is expedient pay attention to experience, and have an eye on all its citizens? That is to say, can it yield to the commands or anathemas of clergymen and Christian laymen and women, and shut its ears to the claims and arguments of all its other citizens? These questions are worthy of very careful consideration on the part of those churchmen who are imbued with the idea that it is the business of gov-ernment to regulate Sabbath observance. Most of these questions are self-answer-ing, and those answers are fatal to the cause of enforced Sunday observance. Suppose Congress should enact a law making Monday the weekly rest day of the country, how would it be regarded by the champions of the "civil Sunday rest day ?" There would be nothing in-consistent in such an act with the prin-ciples on which the enforcement of the "civil Sunday" is demanded, but on the contrary it would be a sensible and statesmanlike application of those prin-ciples; for while all the purposes of a weekly rest-day law would thereby be accomplished, Congress would not lay itself open to the charge of having fa- vored or discriminated against any class of religious citizens, for it could say, "We have selected a day that is not ob-served by any class as a Sabbath, and therefore all should be satisfied." Of course, as Mr. Leavitt very plainly inti-mates, if the church can select and ap-point as the Sabbath day some other day than that named in the Fourth Com-mandment, as history shows that it has done, then certainly the state, if it is to maintain a weekly rest day, has a right to appoint any day that it chooses. And of course, if the state has the right to appoint and regulate a weekly rest day, as the advocates of Sunday enforcement constantly declare that it has, then such rest day and the laws governing it are matters of expediency and state policy, and are subject to the popular will. It is not a matter for a religious class to control, but for the whole people to con-trol, and they may suspend or abolish the laws as it suits them ; And their right in doing so is justified out of the mouths of those who told them in the first place that they had a right to ap-point and enforce a day of rest. From all this there should be some very valuable lessons learned by those whose zeal for certain religious observ-ances causes them to make their appeals to legislatures and to courts instead of to conscience and to moral principle. "The trend of the day is more and more to close all kinds of business on ŁSunday," says Rev. Dr. MacArthur of this city. There is certainly a marked trend in this direction, but it is a trend backward and not forward. The en-forced observance of Sunday has no more promise of good in it than would the enforcement of baptism upon people, or enforced attendance upon mass. 