SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 655 brought to an end by what a newspaper styles a "barberous compromise." Be-ing harrassed so persistently by the jour-neymen and the police, the "boss" bar-bers found it was necessary to come to some sort of terms in the matter. They accordingly formed an organization and sent a delegation to confer with repre- sentatives of the journeymen's union. The outcome of the conference, which lasted several hours, was that both or-ganizations pledged themselves to stand by this schedule : 7 a.m. to 9 p.m. daily, except on Wednesdays and Saturdays, when the hours will be from 7 a.m. to II p.m., and on Sundays from 7 a.m. to 12 o'clock sharp. The president of the journeymen's union at once announced that the pickets appointed to look out for Sunday opening need no longer report for duty. Although it is declared that now the "boss" barbers "will be just as vigilant in enforcing the new time sched-ule as were the journeymen in their efforts to make the shops close all day Sunday," both organizations are now turning their attention to the matter of securing the passage of an ordinance making it unlawful to have a shop open after 12 o'clock Sunday. It seems that it is impossible to get along without legis-lation in regard to Sunday closing, even though all parties concerned are perfectly agreed in the matter. In addition to the eight barbers whose arrest on Sunday, July 13, was reported in these columns last month, ten others were summoned to court a few days later on the charge of violating the "Vice and Immorality Act" by shaving customers on the same Sun-day. We do not know what disposition was made of the cases. Ł "It is almost impossible to believe." says the Melbourne (Australia) Age, of December 25, last, "that there is in ex-istence a statute which makes playing  cricket on Sunday a punishable offense. Yet such must be the fact if the decision of the magistrates at Warburton police court is good law. It appears that some of the young men living in the neigh-bourhood of M'Mahon's Creek, a few 'miles up the river from Warburton, met together on a recent Sunday to play a cricket match. We may be quite certain that they were ignorant of any law pro-hibiting them thus enjoying themselves, and that they had no qualms of con-science while indulging in their otherwise innocent pastime. But the ingenuity of the local police officer, whether acting on his own motion or at the instance of some strict Sabbatarian does not appear, un-earthed a statue which dates back from the first year of the reign of Charles I., and is entitled an act 'for punishing di-vers abuses committed on the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday.' This ancient statute having been extracted from the dusty volume that hides it from view of the ordinary man, and where it may well have been allowed to lie forgotten, was brought into operation in proceed-ings against the cricketers for unlawfully assembling for sport out of their parishes on the Lord's day. The facts not being in dispute, the local justices, with a full appreciation of their responsibility as pre-servers of the King's peace, and of their duty to see the letter of the law ob-served, fined each of the M'Mahon's Creek eleven the sum of three shillings and fourpence. It is quite too absurd to suppose that the enforcement and resus-citation of a statute which is totally inap-plicable to the conditions of the present day will in the slightest degree restrain what the justices in this case were pleased to describe as 'desecration of the Lord's day.' This particular statute was passed to prevent persons assembling on Sun-days at places outside their own districts, and taking part in such unlawful games 