154 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY by the action of others to compromise principle, and are therefore justified in so doing. But the fallacy of this doctrine has been demonstrated by the house that publishes this paper. For more than a quarter of a century it has been engaged in business in which there is the very closest competition. In face of the com-petition of two large cities, it has invari- ably closed its doors on a day on which all others are openŠthe recognized prin-cipal business day of the week. So from this long experience, we can confidently affirm that one house does not have to keep open on any particular day because others doŠno, not even when all others do.ŠG. in Signs of the Times, Oakland, Cal. One Religious Paper and the Sunday Saloon Question As is of course to be expected, every attempt made by those representing pop-ular sentiment in New York to secure a modification of the Sunday law affecting saloons is stubbornly resisted and stu-diously decried by the New York Chris-tian Advocate, the leading Methodist paper of the country. It is safe to say that Mr. R. Fulton Cutting, President of the Citizens' Union of New York, and District-Attorney Jerome are no more the friends of the saloon or the saloon-keeper than is the editor of the Advocate and those whose view he represents. And it is safe to say that they are as much interested in the welfare of the city. And yet the Advocate styles them " the saloon-keeper's friends " because, not in the in-terests of the saloon-keepers, but in the interests of honest and decent govern-ment, and with the desire to improve the real condition of affairs, which certainly cannot be made any worse by a change in the law, they have sought of late to secure such a change in the law as will make it legal for saloons to be open a portion of the day on Sunday. It is apparent to everybody but the religious champions of Sunday legislation and en-forcement, who of course refuse to take into consideration anything but the bear-ing of the matter upon State support and " protection " of the Sunday institution, that with the sort of population that New  York has at present and is likely to have for some time in the future, the drinking and selling of liquor on Sunday cannot or will not be prevented, and that the law which forbids it not only overrides the sentiment of a large portion of the population and is a measure of hypocrisy in that it carries the idea that a condition of affairs is maintained which is not maintained at all, but is a most fruitful source of police bribery and corruption. But the Advocate cares for none of these things. The Sunday law must not be touched under any consideration. Al-though of course it demands the strict enforcement of the law, in its estimation it is 'better that the law should remain just as it is and be utterly at variance with the sentiment and practise of the people, than that it should, in the interests of good and honest government, be modi-fied in the slightest degree to accord with the sentiment and practise of the people. The attitude of the Advocate and those whose view it expresses in this matter is about that described thus by the Brook-lyn Eagle: There is an Englishman in one of Jones' plays who declares: " We Englishmen are not any better than our neighbors, but, thank God, we pretend to be. We will not countenance any open affront to morality." That spgech is a key to the attitude of a large part of the people of this city, of English inheritance and American traditions, toward open saloons on 