SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 825 cigars on Sunday ruins anybody's morals, it seems as if such a law were rather absurd. . . . People are not go-ing to quit using these things on Sun-day if they cannot buy them on that day, but if there is no law against such small traffic a good many poor but hon-est citizens, of the same social position as the keepers of news stands and fruit stands, will be enabled to make a little  extra money, which means a great deal to them. Candy and cigars are cer-tainly not more immoral in their influ-ence than mince pie and the Police Ga-zette, both of which the citizen may have on Sunday if he goes to the places where they are sold. There are other abuses in Philadelphia better worth chasing than such small game as this.ŠWashington Times. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department Is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must he a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. " The Sunday law seems to find oc-casional violators despite the penalty inflicted for such offenses," reports the the Great Bend (Kan.) Item. It was recently reported in New Mexico that "the Santa Fe New Mexcian is waging a sturdy fight for the observance of the Sunday law in this Territory." At St. Paul, Minn., on December 12, "Judge Hine continued eighteen Sun-day-closing cases to December 26, pend-ing habeas corpus proceedings in the district court." Policemen visited several pool and billiard rooms in Utica, N. Y., on De-cember 6, and "notified the proprietors that the resorts must be kept closed on Sundays, and that no operation of the tables on that day would be tolerated." "A crusade for the abolition of Sun-day work in the markets and meat stores" of Cincinnati, Ohio, was in-augurated recently by the meat cut-ters' union, and "will be pushed by C. E. Schmidt, vice president of the Amal-gamated Meat Cutters' and Butcher Workmen's International Union." At Albany, N. Y., on December 1, John Small, a barber, was arraigned before Recorder Bevans in the court of special sessions on the charge of "violating the Sunday barbering law," but was discharged "owing to insuffi-cient evidence." At Beverly, Mass., early in November the carpenters' union attempted "to stop Sunday work on the plant of the United Shoe Machinery Company," and "addressed letters to all ministers in the city asking their aid in assisting the union to stop the work." This significant note recently ap-peared in the Glenwood (Minn.) Her-ald: "The question of Sunday closing might be profitably discussed not over a thousand miles from Glenwood. The law is now clear on the subject, and leaves really no chance for any discus-sion." At Macon, Ga., on December 8, M. F. Cameriero, a fruit dealer, "was fined court costs for selling fruit on Sun-day." " The city authorities make it interesting for those who violate the Sabbath here," said the press dispatch, "and then the offenders have to reckon with the State authorities." 