SUNDAY LEGISLATION UNPOPULAR IN WASHINGTON 621 not persons chosen by constituents, as are the members of the Senate and the House, but persons assuming to express what they suppose to be the opinions of certain classes. A gentleman whose zeal in advocacy of a good cause led him to appear before a Congressional committee was asked: "Whom do you represent ?" His answer was : "All men of common sense." The committee allowed him to speak. If this loose definition is to be adopted in this case, Dr. Clark represent-ed 30,000 church members ; but I repre-sented the 250,000 who are not church members. I was present at the meeting of May 27, at the District Building; no creden-tials were asked for or shown. Prob-ably nobody had any, except the three delegates from the Secular League. I examined all the papers relating to the matter on file at the District Building. There were a few signed by officers of different associations of the Federation of Labor; more than thirty copies of the same letter, each copy signed by a preacher (being not one-tenth of the preachers in the District) ; one original letter, signed by a well-known pastor, and, as my memory serves me, a very few other documents of no importance; but among them all there was no evi-dence whatever of any meeting for dis-cussion of resolutions passed or dele-gates chosen. The batch of papers, strict-ly construed, represented the opinions of about fifty persons ; and, construed by a biased judge, might represent the opin-ions of millions. As a matter of fact, I know there was a previous meeting of Presbyterian preachers to discuss the subject; and it may have appointed delegates, but their congregations r.either met nor chose del-egates; and preachers do not represent their congregations on political questions. The fact is, neither the Doctor nor I  know how the majority of District citi-zens would vote, if they could cast a ballot ; and we cannot reason out the pos-sible result of a vote by metaphysics or theology. As the Washington Sunday, made by public sentiment, without stat-utes, approaches the ideal holiday set aside by common consent for rest, read-ing, religion, recreation, and reunions, I think the great majority desires to let it remain as it isŠthe natural creation of our social, political, religious and in-dustrial conditions. Those who want a Puritan Sunday law are in two classes : Zealous churchmen, who are not happy unless they can force people to keep time by their watches; and jealous tradesmen, who begrudge to their competitors every nickel taken in on Sunday. These two classes are allied for the common purpose of shutting up shops on Sunday ; and the law is to be called in to serve the two masters, God and Mammon ! Dr. Clark thinks he knows more of the.  sentiment of the churches than I do, and he says "they ?re favorable to the Sun-day law." If he will change "law" to "observance," I agree. Everybody fa-vors thatŠeven the unfortunates who are forced to buy ice or milk or other necessaries on that day. Such a law is never enforced by the police, whose sym-pathies are always with the persecuted and the poor. They won't, on their own motion, arrest a shopkeeper for selling a pair of shoes on Sunday. Cruel Sunday laws, lobbied through by preachers, exist for thirty-seven States with 70,000,000 of people; but, as a general rule, they are either obsolete or enforced spasmodi-cally in a few localities where religious zealots' or greedy tradesmen or personal enemies take an active part in the prose-cution. Are church members here ready to act as informers? The proposed bills provide for imprisonment or fines, or both, the fines to range from $5 to $50, 