Sunday-Law Oppression in Philadelphia Again ALTHOUGH by this time it is evi-dent that the action of the grand jury with regard to the matter and the prosecution of some of the "Sabbath" Association " agents," together with the general public resentment of which these were manifestations, which has been so well voiced by the Public Ledger and aroused largely by the pub-licity which it has given to the matter and the just stand which it has main-tained with regard to it, has served to reduce very considerably the activ-ity of the Philadelphia "Sabbath" As-sociation in the crusade of oppression and persecution which it has been pros-ecuting so zealously and persistently for months past, the wholesale arraign-ments and prosecutions were not dis-continued at once. Two weeks ago we reported the hearing of December 10, which took place the week following the grand jury presentment regarding the matter. Although there were at that time "fewer complaints of viola-tions of the blue laws of 1794 than usual," quite a number of dealers were arraigned and fined. There were hear-ings also on the two or three succeed-ing Thursdays, but there appear to have been none on the last two or three Thursdays. From the Public Ledger's report of the hearing on December 18, the day following the hearing of the cases against Mr. Vail and other agents of the "Sabbath" Association, a report of which was given last week, we quote : !lore Sunday-Law Hearings Fifty-two new warrants for viola-tors of the Sunday laws were before Magistrate South yesterday, besides a score of others that were left over from last week. Rev. George S. Vail, agent of the Sabbath Association, remarked privately that he had been stirred to increased activity by the desire, not to  appear to be flagging in zeal in the work of prosecution. Last Sunday he collected evidence himself in many cases, in which he acted as both pros-ecutor and witness. It appeared, according to Mr. Vail's. testimony on oath, that he possesses. an  extraordinarily keen sight. Not only did he see through the windows of J. D. Farmakis's candy store, at 9' Market St., when they were thickly covered with chalk, but his gaze trav-eled across the eighty feet width of' Broad St., and plunged into the shad-owed interior of A. Greenburg's cigar shop, at 223. In both instances he swore that he saw sales made, in one of candy, in the other of cigars. Mr. Vail's veracity was warmly disputed by both the defendants. Mr. Green-burg said that he could prove that it was impossible for any one to see from the west side of Broad St., what was going on in his place on th east side. Mr. Farmakis said that by his orders not only were his windows chalked at both 9 and 1211 Market St., but a view of the interior from the outside was further prevented during the greater part of the day by sheets of paper placed carefully across them. In re-gard to the sales at 9 Market St., Mr. Vail went so far as to say he saw $2' given by a purchaser to an employee of Mr. Farmakis. "I was standing at the car starter's box near the curb-stone," he said. "Was it about the time that Mr. Farmakis and you were having the discussion at the door about your entering the store, testified to be-fore Magistrate O'Brien yesterday? "I don't wish to say whether it was or not." "You have sworn falsely! " ex-claimed Farmakis, who was then sworn. He testified that the paper was at the windows from half-past a until midnight. Fines and costs. amounting to $13 were imposed upon him. A. Barbeau, 3742 Germantown Ave.;S. Zavokos, 637 Market St.; and John Georgeisos, of Market St.; were also fined for selling candy. J. Mason Borden, one of Mr. Vail's assistants, testified against Mr. Green- 