EDITORIAL 73 " is signed by Robespierre, Couthon, Saint Just, and Lazare Carnot." Not-withstanding the seemingly conclusive ar-gument, that is of course made, that armies must be maintained and military discipline upheld in them, it is still true that all these cases mentioned, and others that are continually coming up, are so many instances of injustice and denial of religious freedom that should not occur and for which there can be no defense. Ł In The Independent of December i8 appeared an excellent article, headed " A Russian View of American Imperial-ism," by Professor F. de Martens, the eminent Russian authority on inter-national law, who presided at the late session of The Hague Tribunal. In giv-ing the reasons for what he terms " the spiritual progress of the American people," by which he means their attain-ment to great moral influence and power throughout the world, Professor Martens presents as one of these reasons " their unrestricted tolerance in all matters of religion and creed." " There is no re-strictive or compulsory law in the United tates in respect of matters of religion," he says, and " nowhere throughout the country do we find any trace of clerical-ism, or of a struggle with pretensions of the Roman Catholic Church, or of any limitations of civil and political rights by way of penalty for the profession of any particular faith." In the main this is of course true, and it would be wholly true if the principle of religious liberty, which Professor Martens knows to be a fundamental principle of the American Republic, were strictly adhered to. But unfortunately Professor Martens could hardly have said some things that he does had he made a thorough inspection of the actual state of affairs. However free it may be from a struggle with those pretensions, the United States is by no means free from the church-and-state  pretensions of the Roman Catholic Church, and the prospect is that it will be less and less free from them in the future. And as long as there is Sunday enforcement in this country it can hardly be true that there is " unrestricted toler-ance [freedom] in all matters of religion and creed." The thoroughness of his knowledge of the actual state of things will be questioned by none quicker than by the clerical champions of Sunday en-forcement when they read Professor Martens' statement that " the custom of attending church services on Sunday and the observance of Sunday .as a day of rest are all but universal throughout the-country." This statement was made in bringing to view the important point that unrestricted religious tolerance and complete liberty of conscience " in Amer-ica has not been to the detriment of re-ligion, for " the Americans are, in gen-eral, a very religious nation." This is the right idea. Religious libertyŠno com-pulsion, but perfect freedom, in matters of religionŠis good for religion, for the religious welfare of a people. This is something that the champions of Sunday enforcement do not believe, for by their course they deny and disown it. Ł Until the legislature passes an enact-ment prohibiting it the practise of read-ing the Bible in the public schools of the State will be continued. So says the Superintendent of Public Instruction of the State of New York in his late annual report to the legislature. He says that the legislature has refused to enact a law prohibiting such reading, that it has provided that there shall be such read-ing in the schools in Greater New York, and that such reading is the practise in all the States of the Union save seven ; and that, therefore, he is " very loath to adhere to the ruling adopted by my pred-ecessors in regard to this question." He says that " where the Scriptures are read, 