NOTE AND COMMENT 257 nounce "the annihilation of Mr. William E. Curtis by Mgr. Chapelle" because of a recent offense of this sort with regard to "the Philippine ecclesiastical ques-tion." There can be no doubt that there is entirely too much "wondering after" the Papacy. The Pope and his doings receive entirely too much attention in the public press, and the world would per-haps be as well off if the space were given to something of more consequence. However, the Pope and the Papacy will continue to be subjects of newspaper gossip and discussion. And the respon-sibility for this lies chiefly with the Papacy herself. If she did not assume the role of a political power, and did not devote so much of her energy to the work of insinuating herself into the affairs of political governments, she would not be the victim of so many "senseless can-ards" by newspaper writers. As long as the Papacy persists in this course of mix-ing up with governmental affairs, it is well that information regarding her is freely disseminated, even if it does in-flict upon the public much very insipid and senseless gossip. But we have no idea that the greater part of that which it is most important that the public should know about the Papacy finds its way into print. A discussion of considerable interest in the realm of international politics took place during the past month. It centered around the question as to which of the European governments prevented a Eu-ropean coalition against the United States at the opening of the Spanish-American war. England and Germany have occupied the foreground in the dis-cussion, each claiming to have been the special friend of the United States at the critical period when the other great powers were on the point of serving no- tice on the Government at Washington that intervention in Cuba did not appear to them to be justified. Austria is rec-ognized as having been the power most anxious for such a step, because of sym-pathy for the Spanish royal family. Al-though the discussion was begun by England, with the declaration that she was the one power that befriended the United States at this critical time, Ger-many seems to have come out best in the discussion by producing proofs that she, and not England, is entitled to this hon-or. It is thought that England was led to make this declaration because of the then approaching visit of Prince Henry to this country. The incident has served to show that the friendship of the United States is now courted by the nations, and that none of them cares to be known as unfriendly toward her. It is suggested in some quarters that not one of the powers was the friend of the United States when it was thought she was go-ing to war purely in the interests of free-dom, but since they have learned that this is not the case they are willing and anx-ious to be friends. "What the Catholic Church Is Doing for the World To-day," was the subject of an address recently delivered by Bishop Montgomery of that church be-fore the Ministerial Union of Los An-geles, Cal. The bishop dwelt upon three things for which he declared the Cath-olic Church stood to-day "as does no other institution," but in regard to which he thought that all other churches should be one with-the Catholic Church, inas-much as they were "fundamental to so-cial well-being." These three things were : the inspiration of the Bible, the sacredness and indissolubility of the marriage tie, and the combination of re-ligious and secular instruction. He de- 