EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 6g- Labor of New York State would attempt to secure the passage of a bill for "the closing of grocery stores on Sunday" at the pres-ent session of the legislature, and this bill is evidently that measure. The press dispatch announcing the introduction of the measure stated that Assemblyman Monroe was a member of an important committee, and that "his legislation stands an excellent show of going through the assembly." One thing that we omitted to note in the record of the Phil- adelphia Sunday-enforcement agitation is the fact that on December 11, when the grand jury was being de-nounced by the advocates of Sunday enforcement, a mass-meeting was held by the small dealers for the purpose of protesting "against the enforcement of the blue laws of 1794 against small dealers," arousing "sentiment against persecution," and defending "the ac-tion of the 'November grand jury in calling attention to the injustice done." In the course of his remarks Mr. F. B. Robertson, the chairman, said : . Dr. Mutchler claims that fully 80 per cent of the candy and cigar dealers want to close their places on Sunday, but I defy him to produce the names of 10 per cent. Mr. Vail says that no cripples have been prosecuted, yet I can name more than 100, many of whom have been fined. This estimate does not include the many widows who have suffered. Dr. A. H. Lewis, editor of the Sabbath Recorder, spoke at the meeting, and among other things said : The president of the Sunday-closing society said last Sunday that your city was the worst governed in the United States. It must be terribly misgov-erned when they can't get at the graft- ers, straw bail takers and promoters of vice, but use its courts of justice to-persecute honest men and women who are trying to earn an honest living. These men know that this law cannot be enforced, that the Baldwin Locomo-tive Works make locomotives and the-railroads use them on Sunday, yet they persist in arresting persons who are too weak to defend themselves. Sunday laws do not deal with actual crime ; they create a mythical crime for a specific period. Transactions. good, wholesome and desirable are changed by the Sunday law in a second of time from wholesomeness to crimi-nality, and law-abiding citizens become-criminals when the clock ticks the first second after midnight. Twenty-four-hours later, at the same instant, the crime-creating hours cease. But in Philadelphia scores of men and women are held as criminals awaiting punish-ment for wholesome deeds done during the sacred hours created by the State of Pennsylvania one hundred years ago ! Such a travesty on justice can-not endure the light of the twentieth century many years, and the greater shame is that it can exist at all. The-worship of God should be left to a man's conscience, and no legislation can affect that. The Sunday law in creating leisure creates a demand for'  these very things that you men sell. They certainly can't stop the liquor traffic by making a man idle on Sun-day, because during his recreation is when a man who uses liquor will want it most, and get it, too. Let there be a statute granting to every employee oneŁ day's rest in a week if he wants it, but let this rest be permissive rather-than mandatory, and let the liquor question be separated from every ques-tion involving the rights and duties of legitimate business men. It seems to me to be a pretty mean transaction for a man to make a pur-chase, thereby bribing a dealer to break the law, and then arrest him for doing so. How the speak-easy propri-etor and those in evil dens must laugh as they see a man who has perhaps- sold a shoestring on Sunday dragged off as a criminal, while they remain un-molested. A Travesty on Justice 