CHICAGO, NOVEMBER 1, 'goo. VOLUME 15. NUMBER 43. Tang man hear my words; and believe not ljudge him not. chi-i;r7 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel.) PUBLISHED WEEKLY AT 324 DEARBORN STREET. CHICAGO, ILL., BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, $1.o0 L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN, Editors. RIGHTS belong to individuals, but not to govern-ments. .0 .9 THE worst kind of criminals in the world are criminal ideas. GOVERNMENTS exist not to perpetuate themselves, but to perpetuate the rights of the people. .0 .9 THE Papacy maintains that not freedom of con-science, but the religious dictation of a Pope, is for " the greatest good to the greatest number." To say that a man has no natural, inalienable rights is only another way of saying that the civil power may properly step in between an individual and his Creator. .0 .9 IT is easier to determine what is for the greatest good of the individual than what is for the " great-est good of the greatest number," and when the former problem is taken care of the latter will take care of itself. " WE have a law, and by our law he ought to die " has ever been the bulwark of intolerance. .0 .9 THE time to protest against an invasion of rights is when the principle is assailed. He who waits un-til his own rights are actually invaded will find him-self placed at great disadvantage. .9 .0 JESUS CHRIST died not to save men by govern-ments, or by nations, or en masse in any other way, but as individuals; which means that individual wel-fare is the true basis of human welfare. THE PASSING OF THE DOCTRINE OF NATURAL RIGHTS. LAST week we called attention to the ground taken by a leading American journal, the Outlook, edited by Lyman Abbott, in declaring the straight National Reform doctrine that the proper basis of civil government is not the consent of the governed but the law of God. And row comes another leading American journal, the Independent, and declares that the doctrine of natural rights must be set aside as an outgrown tradition; that, in fact, it is "likely to gasp out its last breath in the pending campaign," and that the only rule that can be followed in gov-ernment is that of " the greatest good to the greatest number." Such avowals from leading American journals are startling, and would be so to Americans every-where but for the teaching assiduously put forth by influential Americans the past two years, leading away from the ideals of republican government. " One of the theories which has suffered most in these critical days," says the Independent," is that of 