564 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. the jurisdiction, so it is the nature of every political assembly to extend its powers. The moderate or conservative element seems to have had a small ma-jority in the usual balance of parties, but the forward men made up for inferiority in numbers by warmth and assiduity. The fervor of the forward party in the Parliment was stimulated by fanaticism out of doors; by cries that their gold had become dim, the ways of Zion filled with mourning, and a dry wind, but neither to fan nor to cleanse, upon the land; above all,*by the assurances of the preachers that the four monarchies of Nebuchadnezzar and Cyrus, of Alexander and Rome, had each of them passed away, and that the day had come for the Fifth and final Monarchy, the Kingdom of Jesus Christ upon the earth; and this no mere reign set up in men's hearts, but a scheme for governing nations and giv-ing laws for settling liberty, property, and the found-tions of a commonwealth. "The fidelity of the convention to Cromwell was shown by the unanimous vote that placed him on the council of state; but the great dictator kept himself in the background, and in good faith hoping against hope, he let things take their course. I am more troubled now,' he said, with the fool than with the knave.' The new men at once and without leave took to themselves the name of Parliament. Instead of carrying on their special business of a constituent assembly they set to work with a will at legislation; and legislation, moreover, in the high temper of root-and-branch, for cursed is he that doeth the work of the Lord negligently. A bill was run through all its stages in a single sitting for the erection of a high court of justice in cases where a jury could not be trusted to convict. . . . Be-fore they had been a month in session they passed a resolution that the Court of Chancery should be wholly taken away and abolished; and after three bills had been brought in and dropped for carrying this resolution into act they read a second time a fourth bill for summarily deciding cases then pend-ing, and arranging that for the future the ordinary suits in chancery should be promptly dispatched at a cost of from twenty to forty shillings. They set a committee without a lawyer upon it to work on the reduction of the formless mass of laws, cases, and precedents to a code that should be of no greater bigness than a pocket-book. The power of patrons to present to livings was taken away, though pat-ronage was as much property as land. More vital aspects of the church question followed. A com-mittee reported in favor of the appointment of a body of state commissioners with power to eject un-fit ministers and fill vacant livings, and what was a more burning issue, in favor of the maintanance of tithe as of legal obligation. By a majority of two  the House disagreed with the report, and so indi-cated their intention to abolish tithe and the endow-ment of ministers of religion by the state. The Crisis. " This led to the crisis. The effect of proceed-ings so singularly devised for the settlement of the nation was to irritate and alarm all the nation's most powerful elements. The army, the lawyers, the clergy, the holders of property, all felt themselves attacked; and the lord general himself perceived, in his own words afterward, that the issue of his assem-bly would have been the subversion of the laws and of all the liberties of their nationŠin short, the con-fusion of all things; and instead of order to set up the judicial law of Moses in abrogation of all our administrations. The design that shone so radi-antly five months before had sunken aways in clouds and vain chimera. . . . " The narrow division on the abolition of tithe convinced everybody that the ship was water-logged. Sunday, December II, was passed in the concoction of devices for bringing the life of the notables to an end. On Monday the speaker took the chair at an early hour, and a motion was promptly made that the sitting of the Parliament was no longer for the public good, and that therefore they should deliver up to the lord general the powers they had received from him. An attempt to debate was made, but as no time was to be lost, in case of members arriving in numbers sufficient to carry a hostile motion, the speaker rose from his chair, told the sergeant to shoulder the mace, and, followed by some forty members in the secret, set forth in solemn proces-sion to Whitehall. A minority kept their seats un-til a couple of colonels with a file of soldiers came to turn them out. According to a Royalist story, one of the colonels asked them what they were do-ing. We are seeking the Lord,' was the answer. Then you should go elsewhere,' the colonel replied, for to my certain knowledge the Lord has not been here these twelve years past.' . . . Oliver re-ceived the speaker and his retinue with genuine or feigned surprise but accepted the burden of power that the abdication of the Parliament had once more laid upon him." The utter failure of this attempt of the religious leaders of Cromwell's day to run the government for the good of the commonwealth was not due to any lack of piety, zeal, or sincerity on their part. They were as well qualified for such a task as are the church leaders of to-day. But, as is pointed out by Mr. Morley," the vast and complex task of human government needs more than spiritual enthusiasm," and " to have very Scriptural notions ' is not enough 