574  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY in general that is now being emphasized in the public press as perhaps never be-fore. Both labor and capital are being in-formed with increasing emphasis through the channels of public discussion that there is a "third party to the strike," a party which has rights and interests in the matter that must be maintained and re-spected at all hazards, and that "the pub-lic patience is beginning to be exhausted by the indifference shown to public needs and to public law." A leading periodical declares that "the anthracite mine work-ers and the anthracite mine owners have not only declared war upon one another, but, without any declaration of hostility, have both made war upon the public," and it is demanded, "Has it any redress ?" Labor replies, and here it is endorsed by capital, which applies the principle to its side of the question, that the public has no rights whatever in the matter ; that men can work or stop work whenever they please and as long as they please, and that the public can have nothing to say about it, for otherwise the freedom of the workman would be gone. This po-sition has pretty good ground to rest up,-on, for it is very true that for the pub-lic to come in and compel a settlement of strikes would be to invade the rights of the parties most concerned and would mean most decidedly a restriction of in-dividual freedom. But that is exactly what is coming; and it comes almost by necessity from the conditions produced by the combinations of labor and capital themselves. They have begun the work of trampling upon individual freedom and will continue it, and the consequence will be that in the effort of the public to rid itself of the 'tyranny which they have brought on, despotic measures will have to be employed and despotism in govern-ment will be the result. The latest addition to the roll of the  scoffers at the vital principles of the Dec-laration of Independence is the name of the man who palms himself off upon thousands of simple and .credulous peo-ple as Elijah the prophet who was to pre-cede the coming of "the great and dread-ful day of the Lord," and even as that Prophet like unto Moses whom the Lord was to raise up for His people (Deut. t8: 15, 18)ÑJohn Alexander Dowie, of Chi-cago and Zion City, Ill. According to press dispatches, in an address to his fol-lowers at the latter place on July 4, Mr. Dowie declared : "The reference in the Declaration of Independence that all men are created equal is a lie. The black men never were, nor are they now equal [sic]. The Declaration of Independence is therefore a lie." According to the press report, Mr. Dowie clinched these state-ments in this manner : "Now, for instance, you are not my equal, are you ?" "No," was the feeble answer from his fol- lowers, "If you were I couldn't lead you, could I?" There are two sorts of persons who will always be convinced that the self-evident truths of the preamble of the Declaration of Independence are self-evi-dent liesÑthe politician who believes that political power resides in himself and not in the people, and the religious leader who believes that he is a better guide for the consciences of men than is the Spirit of Truth itself. Both of them are pos-sessed with the weak, vain, and fatal de-lusion that they are vastly superior to the rest of mankind and of vastly more con-sequence in God's sight. While by their antics they do not in the slightest degree disturb the truth of human equality stated in the Declaration of Independence, they do demonstrate beyond all question that the presumption which some men display is much in excess of that possessed by the average human being. The Declaration 