EDITORIAL Ł 177 derstand why there are so many people who, while denouncing the saloon, seem perfectly content to allow it all the privi-leges that legitimate businesses have. They cannot understand why such a business as liquor selling should have as great, say nothing of greater privileges, than the dealer in food, clothes, books and hardware, but they see that this is the stand taken by Sunday closers; and they see also that because of the legis-lation proscribing honest business on the first day of the week, that the saloon has privileges that these other busi-nesses do not have. They cannot under-stand this, but they can see that the laws enforcing Sunday observance are the chief cause of it. Plain men certainly do not know why booksellers should not be allowed to open their shops on Sunday if they want to, and it is quite certain that nobody else knows why, either. These plain men are in favor of equal rights, too, and they are not in favor of utterly un-reasonable discriminations in behalf of one class of merchants, and therefore they are not in favor of utterly unreas-onable discriminations in favor of one class of religionists, however large it may be; but they see exactly this thing in Sunday legislation and enforcement. They believe, too, that it is an outrage that one man can use his property on Sunday and another cannot, but they be-lieve that it is a greater outrage that a man who pays his taxes and discharges every duty of a citizen is compelled to let his property lie idle and to remain idle himself, so far as any useful industry is concvned, every first day of the week in deference to the "Sabbath" of a large religious majority which is too intolerant on this point to let other people follow their own convictions. It is an outrage that a man cannot pursue an honest calling on Sunday while saloons operate pretty much as they please, and the way to get rid of this outrage is to repeal all legislation making honest work and business a crime, and to deal with the saloon ac-cording to its essential nature and not through the foolishness of Sunday legis-lation which makes no distinction be-tween industry and crime. The Rev. Dr. Samuel Schulman, rabbi of the Temple Beth-El, on Fifth Avenue, in this city, recently preached a sermon with reference to the Sunday question in the course of which he touched upon a vital phase of it that is almost wholly ignored in the discussion now going on. He said : "We have heard much recently of the right of the German to his harmless en-tertainment. Let me say a more sacred right is involved in the larger issue of Sunday observance, the right of con-science. It is more to the interest of the State to see that a man does not sac-rifice his conscience to his necessity, which many a Jew in retail business is compelled to do, than to enforce a par-ticular Sabbath on all. And it is only right that those who observe one day in seven as a holy day and are engaged in occupations that can in no wise be said to interfere with the comfort or peace of others should be permitted without molestation to follow their usual pursuits on Sunday. The State suffers more from the subtle undermining of the authority of conscience than from the liberty to choose a Sabbath. I therefore consider recent legislation on Sunday extremely unjust and burdensome. It is not the magistrate's business to enforce religion or the consecration of a day. One fails to see why, if the Sunday is to be a strict 