An Indictment of New York's Sunday Law rx ToHERE are other objections grounded n the constitution and rules of equal rights and common justice which may be raised and sustained against the law of which we are treating, to prove its erroneous principles and its unright-eous operation. The constitution de-clares that "no person shall be held to answer for a capital or other in-famous crime unless upon presentment or indictment of a grand jury." What are we to understand by the terms "in-famous crime"? That there are crimes which the law deems infamous and others not so is a truth which will not be denied. But that there are any par-ticular or general rules by which to distinguish crimes which are infamous and those which are not so, is a matter which I have not been able to ascer-tain by repeated inquiries of gentlemen learned in the law or diligent research *Seventy-seven years ago there was published in New York a pamphlet, a transcript of the title page of which is as follows: " The People's Rights Reclaimed ; being An Exposition of the Unconstitutionality of the Law of the State of New York Compelling the Observance of a Re-ligious Sabbath Day, and Erroneously Entitled ' An Act for Suppressing Immorality,' Passed March x3th, 1813. Addressed to the People of the State of New York. New York, 1826. A. Spooner, Printer, Brooklyn." Its publication was called forth by the revision of the State laws then taking place and certain attempts that had been made " to effect an extension of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sunday laws." Although the excuse for New York's Sunday leg-islation has been somewhat changed since then, it being now professedly for the prevention of " crimes against religious liberty and conscience " (although still coming under the general heading of " crimes against public decency and good morals "), whereas then it was " for suppressing immorality," it remains the same in principle, object, and effect, and the masterly and unan-swerable indictment of the law as it then was made by the unknown author of the above pam-phlet is still a masterly and unanswerable indict-ment of the law as it now is, and incidentally of all other Sunday legislation. The widespread disposition now manifested to uphold and " to affect an extension of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sunday laws " makes the matter in this pamphlet very pertinent to-day, and hence we are publishing it in full in THE¥ SENTINF:1--EDITOR. into books treating on the subject of criminal jurisprudence. There are, however, actions which in fact are im-moral, mala in se, bad in themselves, and are criminal whether interdicted by statute law or not ; but unless inter-dicted by statute or common law they cannot be deemed in law infamous crimes, because no legal conviction can be had upon them. The statute law may prohibit or command an action to be done which in the absence of that law might be done or omitted without any moral turpitude ; the violation of which law would not amount to an in-famous crime, the action or omission only being wrong because forbidden or enjoined by statute law, and therefore termed in legal parlance a crime malum prohibita to distinguish it from crimes which are mala in seÑbad in them-selves, immoral. If actions which are mala in se (immoral in themselves) are not infamous crime, because not pro-hibited by law, and hence no conviction can be had against the offender, and if actions which are merely mala prohibita are not infamous crimes, it would seem to follow that actions which are im-moral, bad in themselves, and are also prohibited by law, which subjects of-fenders against it to the same kind of punishment which is inflicted for the crimes of theft, robbery, perjury, fraud, etc., viz., a forfeiture of personal lib-erty, they are, or rather they ought to be, in law, as they are in the view of common sense, regarded as infamous crimes for which "no person should be held to answer unless by presentment or indictment of a grand jury." Now permit me again to repeat that the "act" under consideration pro-fesses to suppress immorality, and im-poses on offenders against it the penal-ties of fine and imprisonment, a for- 