310 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY and could be indicted and punished. Then he mentioned the fact that the Su-preme Court had in recent years held that " this is a Christian nation." It seems strange that in these days there can be found a man at the head of a leading American university who advo-cates the teaching of religion in the pub-lic schools and who holds to the pagan notion that the state is religious and that its religion is the religion of the majority. There have been some American judges who seem to have ignored the fact that the principle of the separation of church and state was adopted as a cardinal prin-ciple in this country when the American government was founded, and that the principles of church-and-state union that obtained in England and Europe could thereafter no longer be properly recog-nized and countenanced in this country. Chancellor Kent seems to have been one of these judges. There may have been some excuse in his day for supposing that " this is a Christian nation " and that " Christianity is a part of the com-mon law " in this country, but there is no excuse for such supposition now. Everybody should know now who knows anything at all about the matter that according to a fundamental principle of the nation the body politic in this country is secular and not religious, :that neither the Christian nor any other religion is the religion of the state, because the state is restricted to civil affairs and is debarred from making any religious profession whatever. Ł To the quotations presented last week in confirmation of the fact that the papal campaign in this country in behalf of the " rights " of " the Church " in the Philippines has not by any means been waged in vain, may be added the fol-lowing, which was the concluding par-agraph of an article by its Washington correspondent that was published in the  Catholic Standard and Times, of March 14, under the large heading, " Outlook.  Bright in the Philippines " : In view of the fact that a majority of the judges of the Philippine Supreme Court, and the Secretary of Education, are Catholics, and that the property rights of the Church and even of the friars are fully recognized and conserved, the general situation in our Cath-olic island possessions is most satisfactory. It has been insisted by the Catholic press all the time that the outlook was most dark in the Philippines and that the situation was most unsatisfactory. But now, since " our young President " has " listened to the voice of the [Catholic] Federation," to " the demand of fifteen millions of American Catholics " " which no administration dare ignore," and " has mended up several weak spots in the Philippine machine " "by accepting the resignation of important officials and ap-pointing desirable men," so that now " a majority of the judges of the Philippine Supreme Court, and the Secretary of Education, are Catholics," and " the property rights of the Church and even of the friars are fully recognized and conserved, the general situation in -our Catholic island possessions is most satis-factory," and the " outlook " with regard to the Philippines is " bright." It cer-tainly ought to be from the papal stand-point. It is very evident that " Father Thos. J. Campbell did not utter words without meaning when he declared in his oration at the " jubilee " celebration in St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York on March 3 that " the wild clamors of religious fanaticism have been quelled and the unworthy aims of designing pol-iticians have been thwarted, while he [the Pope], the great Father of Christen-dom, with absolute trust in the fearless-ness and keen sense of justice of our great Chief Executive,' . . serenely legislates for the religious government of the new possessions, and gives an 