THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY  575 The work extended from 8:3o a.m. to 6 p.m. " It being Sunday no injunction could be served " in the interest of the aggrieved property owners, who were in-dignant over the matter. This railroad company is one that has lately received the plaudits of the friends of Sunday observance in that part of the country for its " regard for the day of rest." This instance shows one of the evils of the legal Sunday. In a measure it causes the suspension of the protection which the law should afford at all times in equal measure. Persons whose property is be-ing damaged cannot have the aggressor stopped, because, forsooth, it is Sunday ! In " protecting " the day, which it has no business whatever to do, the law must neglect the protection of the rights which it is its business to guard. Although there has been much talk of and perhaps some creed revision by the Presbyterians, there has been no sugges-tion of change with regard to the dogma of Sunday sacredness, which, while it may not be embodied in the confession of faith, is one of the leading doctrines of the creed of that body. And yet there is no doctrine and has been none in the Presbyterian creed that has less founda-tion in truth than this doctrine of Sunday sacredness. No organization that is working for social betterment, either industrially or otherwise, can afford to trample upon the rights of any. Social betterment can-not be wrought by doing injury to a por-tion of society, even if it be only one in-dividual. Regard for justice and individ-ual rights is one of the most important social rules. They who trample upon this rule are not the friends but the ene-mies of society. The Sunday sabbath, in so far as it claims divine sanction, rests upon the two irreconcilable propositions that God did not command the observance of any particular day of the week and that He does require the observance of the first day of the week. There is something more important even than the maintenance of a day of rest, and that is the maintenance of jus-tice and the liberty of the individual, and these latter cannot be maintained if there is to be "enforcement of a day of rest." It was necessary to omit the " Edito-rial Note and Comment " department this week and to use some " left-over " matter. We shall try to make up for the delinquency in the next and suc-ceeding issues. History is repeating itself in Eng-land. The first taxes which include as-sessments under the new education act have been levied; and stout hearts among the Nonconformists are refusing to pay them, on the ground that the proceeds are to be used to teach the doctrines of the Established Church. It is the case of ship money over again. Hampden withheld his 20S. from King Charles on precisely the same grounds upon which one Lawson, an upholsterer and furnisher of Tonbridge, refuses 27s.  for education. " I think," said the magistrate, " that the highest duty any Christian man can have is to obey the powers that be." " But if conscience," objected Lawson, " had not been some-what stronger than the law, I don't know where the powers that be would have extended to ! " This is true village Hampden talk, and it is much easier for Mr. Lawson to talk it than for the magistrate to guess the answer.ÑNew York Times. p 