Religious Liberty and the Australian Constitution By W. A. Colcord II FROM all that was given in the previous article it is clear that what was wanted by those who demanded a religious declaration in the preamble to the Australian constitution was an estab-lished religion, and power to legislate upon religion and to enforce religious observances, especially Sunday observ-ance. They objected to the Common-wealth being debarred from passing any law for the establishment of any religion, or for imposing any religious observance. Those who, in the beginning of the move-ment, said all this was involved in the demand for a declaration of religious belief in the preamble to the constitution discerned correctly. Behind the demand for the apparently innocent and reveren-tial religious declaration lay a desire for power to coerce men by civil law in relig-ious matter. Such a declaration in a civil compact by no means makes all the people who are parties to the compact religious. This declaration in the Australian constitu-tion does not increase by a single in-dividual the number of persons in the Commonwealth who have faith; nor does it give any guarantee or assurance that the rights and liberties of the people will be respected. The constitution of the United States contains no such decla-ration, and yet it is a charter of liberty. The constitution of the Southern Con-federacy, which was organized to per-petuate human slavery in, the United States, did contain such a declaration, and one very similar, in fact, to that in-serted in the Australian constitution. Its preamble read as follows : We, the people of the confederate States,  each State acting in its sovereign and inde-pendent character, in order to form, a per-manent federal government, establish justice, insure domestic tranquillity, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our pos-terityŠinvoking the favour and guidance of Almighty GodŠdo ordain and establish this constitution for the confederate States of America. Mr. Holme said : " The Common-wealth must have a religion as a com-monwealth, or it will not last." The United States government has had no religion as a governmentŠhaving no it-ligious declaration in its fundamental law, but instead a clause, like the one so much objected to in the Australian constitution by church leaders, declaring-that " Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof "--and yet it has stood for over one hundred.  years. The Southern Confederacy had a direct " recognition " of God in its constitution, and it went down in less than five years. This shows that such declarations do little toward preserving national governments. As foundations for laws of injustice and oppression they may do much to weaken such govern-ments and hasten their dissolution. Let governmental recognition of religion be once established and there will always be religious organizations ready to take ad-vantage of it and turn the power and influence of the state to their own ends and aggrandizement. Sir John Downer, one of the Federal delegates, spoke most truly when he said " For my own part, I think it is of little moment whether the words are inserted or not. Our piety must be in our hearts. 