EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 485 gir speaker had this protest read in the lower house, that body passed the measure by a vote of seventeen to seven. But the com-mittee of the council to which it was re-ferred reported upon it unfavorably, and it was voted down in the council, and so failed of passage. It is to be hoped that the same fate awaits any Sunday meas-ure that may be proposed in Phoenix. But the Sunday-enforcement spirit is evi-dently growing in that quarter, and sooner or later it will secure the legisla-tion it is after. Ł The earthly and polit-ical character of that organization which claims to be the church of Jesus Christ has been conspicuously exhibited in a number of ways recently. One of those ways is the rivalry and political working for the popedom among and for " princes of the Church." It is well that this " scramble for the tiara," as it is aptly called, has been made the object of com-ment in some quarters. It is rightly re-ferred to as " very unapostolic," and as " one of the least edifying spectacles that could possibly be offered to the world by those claiming to preside over the conscience of Christendom." But apos-tolic and edifying or not, it is a part and parcel of the Papacy. We find this in the New York Everting Post: While Rome is ostensibly a mourning city, it is in reality the scene of vast excitement and probably of active intrigue. One of the great-est prizes in the world is to be awarded. It is inevitable that there should be the keenest com-petition for it. Of course, the theory is that the Sacred College is under divine guidance,. but every candidate for the Papacy would be, we presume, ready to agree with Selden that the will of Heaven manifests itself in " the add man" who makes the majority. At any rate, it has been historically true that the eve of a new reign in the Vatican has always been a time of eager anticipations, rather than of vain regrets. D'Azeglo states the case in a matter-of-fact way in his " Ricordi: " At the death of every Pope, Rome is plunged into indescribable joy. It is not al-ways caused by hatred for the departed, but by the smiling prospect of the approaching draw-ing of a great lottery, overflowing with prizes great and small, in which everybody has a stake. The most valuable of all can be won only by a Cardinal. Public Opinion well observes : " From the reports of the electioneering within the Vatican walls, of scheming by powers interested in the naming of the next pope, and of the wagers placed upon the out-come of this plotting, it is evident that the choice of the vicegerent of God on earth is surrounded by influences any-thing but holy." Ł On July i Commissioner Williams of the immigrant station in New York harbor received " a petition, signed by eleven of the missionaries representing their respective churches on Ellis Island, asking that the landing of immigrants on Sunday be abolished." " Mr. Williams took the matter under consideration, and will forward the petition to Washington." Among the reasons given for the request was this : We expect the immigrants landing at our shores to become law-abiding residents and citizens ; to respect the laws and customs of our country, and also to keep holy the Lord's day as a day of rest. It, therefore, sets a bad example to the newcomers to find upon their arrival a United States government department in full operation on Sunday. And so it is desired that the. first lesson that the immigrants shall receive on reaching this country is that of keeping " holy the Lord's day " ; and it is desired that the government shall give them that lesson. In that they would receive a very un-American lesson indeed. In addition to its disregard of the fundamental Amer-ican principle of separation of church and state, this petition is in disregard of the comfort and welfare of the poor im-migrants. It is equivalent to a demand that immigrants arriving too late to dis-embark on Saturday shall remain con- 4'The Scramble for the Tiara" 