614 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY would be found to compel the withdraw-al of the friars seems likely to meet with disappointment. . . . It is now [late in July] seen that the right of the friars to remain in the Philippine Islands is guaranteed by the treaty of Paris, in which the United States expressly agreed that Spanish subjectsŠnatives of the peninsulaŠmight remain in the Phil-ippines, retaining all their rights and property, and also their right to carry on "their industries, commerce, and profes-sions." A hope is expressed that the friars themselves, recognizing that they cannot be restored to their parishes against the will of the native Catholics, will withdraw of their own accord. This seems to us decidedly sanguine, as also does the expectation that the Vatican will insist on their withdrawal. As far as we can see, the friars owe obedience only to the heads of their orders, whose policy by no means always coincides with the policy of the Vatican.ŠHarper's Weekly, July 26. De Tocqueville and Laboulaye would shudder in their graves if apprised that the land of separation of church and state had upon its own initiative rushed so near the peril of an adulterous union of the civil power and the spiritual power. In truth, the plan that Governor Taft was charged by Secretary Root to urge upon Leo XIII. and Cardinal Rampolla amounts to a concordat. The United States would not have made a law for the establishment of religion, but upon pretense of purchasing the property of the religious orders it would have paid the Vatican about $to,000,000. That would have constituted a fund for the en-dowment of the Philippine clergy. More-over, the mere fact of the signature of a treaty of this sort by a representa-tive of the federal Government and the pontifical secretary of state would have conferred upon the apostolic delegate at Washington a legal standing, a sort of diplomatic recognition. He could then have nwotiated directly with President Roosevelt or with his government with-out having recourse to the services or the officious intermediation of an Ameri-can citizen like Archbishop Ireland. It will be seen thus that the United States was willing to set a price upon the conces-sion it asked from Rome. It is for the United States Government to decide if the recall of the religious orders and the sanction of the friars' expulsion are worth such considerable compensation as the abandonment of a secular policy and the conclusion of a sort of concordat or treaty with the Holy See.ŠThe Temps, Paris. President Roosevelt's negotiations with the Vatican have been incomprehensible to the European press. It is pointed out that Governor Taft's request for the ap-pointment of a native Filipino bishop and the Vatican's deference to him in connec-tion with the choice of an apostolic del-egate constitute a novel way of separa-ting church and state. Mr. Roosevelt's positive statement that the negotiations with the Vatican are not of a diplomatic character has been received with disre-spectful amusement. It is admitted that he may call them undiplomatic so far as he and his mission are concerned, but need the Pope and his cardinals be un-diplomatic? European papers answer this question in the negative. 'Another point is that the large foreign element in the United States, not yet trained to the practical separation of church and state, will be bewildered by what Mr. Roosevelt has done. The idea that matters will be any easier to arrange at Manila is not favor-ably entertained abroad unless President Roosevelt decides to yield to the Vatican. 