THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. 31 At the National Anti-Saloon Conven-tion in Washington a few weeks ago a card was distributed on which was a quotation from the Christian Endeavor World containing this: "0 for the time when decent men everywhere, of what-ever party, voters and .officials to-gether, shall unite to say: `The saloon is wrong. Sunday and weekday it is wrong !' " This is the truth, but those who make so much of the Sunday clos-ing of the saloon, as do the religious leaders of the anti-saloon forces, vir-tually declare by their course that there is a great difference between the saloon on Sunday and on week days ; that if it is not all right on week days, it is very much less wrong than on Sunday. When will they unite to say that the saloon is wrong on all days? When will they cease a course which virtually affirms that the saloon is not a very bad thing on week days, but is only such on Sunday? It may be hard for the Philadelphia Sunday-enforcement clergymen to un-derstand "how it is possible for men of the character such as should com-pose a grand jury to go so far out of their way as to criticise" them for what they have been doing, but for other people it is hard to understand how it is possible for men of the char-acter such as should compose the Christian ministry to go so far out of their way as to demand the mainte-nance and enforcement of a religious observance by the state, and to engage in the oppression and persecution of men and women in the supposed in-terests of that observance. In its "Sabbath-observance" crusade thiring the past year the Philadelphia "Sabbath" Association, we are told, "co-operated with different business as- sociations desiring to diminish Sunday labor and trade." It is safe to say that the "Sabbath" Association initi-ated or solicited this co-operation in every instance. However, it is true that the commercial motive is becom-ing the ally of the religious motive in the unchristian and unjust cause of Sunday enforcement. 4 It would be interesting to know what right of Mr. Mutchler and his associates, or anybody else, is invaded by the shopkeepers of Philadelphia in making Sunday sales, and which they must enforce the Sunday law to "pro-tect." The only "right" that is pro-tected in that way is the "right" to force their religious idea with regard to the "Sabbath" upon other people. Although the Sunday-enforcement clergymen do not seem to be aware of the fact, protection of people in their rights in this country does not include compelling other people to conform to their religious practises. That is a sort of "protection" of people's rights that obtains somewhat in Russia to-day, but which fortunately is out of date in more enlightened countries. + The sort of "law" enforcement that is demanded and engaged in by the Philadelphia clerical Sunday-law champions of "law and its enforce-ment" has been rightly declared by a leading newspaper of that city to be "a ,prostitution of the forms of law that discredits lawful authority." "Christian people who believe in the observance of the Sabbath should be criticised" when they make observ-ance of the Sabbath mean enforced ob-servance. 