EDITORIAL 179 better evidence of the fact than the pres-ent movements for the enforcement of Sunday as the Lord's day. "Tke Lozd' Dar and the Foreign Representatives A dispatch from Washington, under date of January 13, states that "the Rev. Teunis S. Hamlin, pastor of the Church of the Covenant, a fashionable Presby-terian church of Washington, located under the shadow of the British and Austrian embassies, delivered a sermon yesterday that has attracted wide atten-tion and which may become the subject of serious controversy." Mr. Hamlin preached on "the proper observance of the Sabbath," and made "a direct attack on the custom of giving teas, dinners and social functions generally on Sunday.' He quoted Archbishop Corrigan's recent utterance on this subject, and declared that "many guests of our nation in lega- tions at this capital are showing us scant Ł courtesy in lightly overriding our best national traditions and customs of the Lord's day." He held the foreign rep-resentatives responsible for the state of affairs, and appealed to his hearers to give them a "firm 'no' to every invitation to secularize" Sunday. There is no doubt that some of the ardent champions of gov-ernmental religion would be glad, to have strict observance of Sunday made a matter of international decorum, and a failure to so observe it a matter of as grave consequence as an interference in the political affairs of the country. It remains to be seen whether the foreign representatives who come to the capital of America are to be accorded as much liberty of action in matters of conscience and religion as is accorded such repre-sentatives in the capitals of China, Bel- oochistan, Siam, or any other heathen and pagan state which makes no preten-tions of religious tolerance. The dispatch to which we have re-ferred says that "many persons who heard Dr. Hamlin fail to understand why he should charge the initial fault of Sun-day festivities upon the guests of the nation or the members of the diplomatic corps, for no one who knows Washing-ton will deny the fact that residents of the capital who entertain on Sunday out-number ten to one the foreigners." This attitude is no doubt due to the "Conti-nental Sunday" mania which seems to have full possession of many Sunday en-forcement advocates. It would never do to admit that it was Americans who were disregarding the "sanctity" of Sun-day, for is it not the "American Sunday," the American habit and custom of ob-serving the day, that it is desired to pre-serve, and that is held up as the acme of perfection in this mat-ter? No, all the responsibility for the "desecration" of Sunday must be charged upon the wicked foreigners, never mind if they are outnumbered ten to one by Americans in disregarding the claims of the religious Sunday. Some day the advocates of Sunday observance will learn that the "American Sabbath" plea is a very sorry expedient. If Sunday has no virtues aside from its character as an American holiday, and they who demand its observance as an American institution say in both word and deed that this is true, then it has no virtues that can ever make it anything else but a holiday of social pleasure, and it does not deserve any support or ad-vocacy whatever from people who have the cause of true religion at heart. M. Jean de Bloch, the great military expert, declares that obligatory military 