EDITORIAL 415: sell openly during the entire day, while the proprietors of others are arrested as soon as they are caught selling "even a box of matches." A number of grocers declare that they have repeatedly ob-. served such discrimination, and have been led to believe that the system of "shake-down" accounts for it. It is certain that no law is better fitted to serve such a cor-rupt purpose than the Sunday law. "Governor Taft's Mission to Rome" On May 10 an official announcement was made public at the War Department in Washington concerning "Governor Taft's mission to Rome." It was expected that he would leave for Rome before the end of the month, and he was to be ac- companied by Judge Smith, of the Phil-ippine Supreme Court, and Major John B. Porter, who is to act as secretary in Rome. It was declared that "Governor Taft's errand is not in any sense a dip-lomatic mission ; it is simply a business transaction with the owners of property," and that it is "for the purpose of reach-ing, if possible, a friendly understanding with the authorities having control of the disposition of the property of religious orders and other church property in the Philippines, and laying the basis for the settlement of the many property ques-tions which have resulted in [from] the separation of church and state in the islands." It was also stated that the nature of the questions involved in the purchase of the friar's lands, which "is the principle thing," is such "that it is impossible to settle them by negotiation with the friars themselves in the Philippines." But aside from this there are other matters which have caused it to be "thought best not to lose the oportunity afforded by  Governor Taft's presence in Europe to begin the negotiations and make as much progress as possible, so that they may be readily closed up after Congress has acted, if it does act favorably." Here is the statement concerning these other matters : There are many other questions, however, to be settled, such as the rights to property held for purposes of instruction and for charitable purposes, and the right of the church to land, the title to which is now in the Government,. but upon which buildings for religious pur-poses have been built. Some of these matters. could be settled by the courts, but it would re-quire many years, and it is very desirable toŁ  settle them in a speedy and friendly way. Prior to American occupation the church and state were so closely united and their interests so interwoven that now when they are separated it is very difficult to tell to whom the property, which was devoted to their joint uses under the former system, belongs. It is hoped that when a full understanding of the claims and views of each side has been reached, and the facts are fully understood, all the questions existing can be settled in such a.  way as to benefit both parties. The object of this conference is to secure the separation of church and state, and it would seem to be a.  condition precedent to such a result. This virtually says that the close union existing between church and state under Spain has not yet been abolished by American occupation, and that this con-ference at Rome, or mission to Rome, is necessary for bringing about that result. The complete separation of church and state is certainly a worthy object, but it remains to be seen whether this confer-ence will bring about that result. The aspect of the whole matter leads us to believe that it will not have that result, but will lead to a more firm uniting of the Catholic Church with the state either in the Philippines or in this country, and perhaps in both. We hope we are 'Mis-taken. Certainly we are if the ChicagoŁ Inter Ocean is correct on this point..  After stating that Governor Taft "goes, 