EDITORIAL 373 whom all ranks bow," thus going even farther than Mr. Ghent in that it places in the present what he says will be in the future, The Independent still finds room for its characteristic "optimism," by lay-ing stress upon the "benevolent spirit" of the new feudalism, and the honor and large measure of freedom that will be accorded to "the fearless intelligence of that truth-searching, scientific mind which was the supreme product of the nineteenth century, and which in the twentieth century will join with democ-racy in the emancipation of man from every bondage, whether of ignorance and superstition or of political and indus-trial despotism." If in the very pres-ence of this "truth-searching, scientific mind" society degenerates, or develops, if it sounds better, into a condition of practical feudalism, we fail to see where-in much is to be hoped from it in the di-rection of the genuine emancipation of mankind. This "scientific mind" will be about as powerless then as it is now to direct and control the destinies of so-ciety. Mr. Ghent has pointed out the true direction in which society is tending. What he says appeals to the reason, it is consistent with history, and it corre-sponds with prophecy, except, of course, in the ultimate outcome, for instead of a long reign of an empire of peace and stability, the word of prophecy is that "when they shall say, peace and safety, then sudden destruction cometh upon them." On certain occasions labor and its rep-resentatives are very enthusiastic over the doctrine of equality and very em-phatic in declaring the rights of man as man, regardless of color, race or previous condition, but it is evident from their at-titude toward the Chinaman that several hundred millions of the human race are  not included in their reckoning. Labor-ing men are not exempt from that frailty to which most others are subjectŠthat of thinking only of their own rights when declaring the rights of all ,men. The brotherhood of man may be preached as a doctrine, but it will be a long time before the world is ready to put it into practise. Is Hist°, y a Myth and the Dark Ages a Delusion? While Protestants are hastening to adopt papal customs and observances and to repudiate the position they once held with regard to Romanism, the Pa-pacy is doing what she can to assist in the transformation by assuring them that she has never been what they have be-lieved her to be and what history shows her to have been. The Pope's jubilee encyclical was read in the principal Catholic churches in the United States on April 20, and from the New York Tribune's report of the reading of the encyclical at St. Patrick's Cathedral in this city, we take the following, which was a part of the document: The more the Catholic Church devotes itself to extend its zeal for the moral and material advancement of the peoples, the more the chil-dren of darkness arise in hatred against it. Among their most perfidious devices is that which consists in repeating to the ignorant masses and to suspicious governments that the Church is opposed to the progress of science; that it is hostile to liberty ; that the rights of the state are usurped by it, and that politics is a field which it is constantly invading. The Church the enemy of knowledge and in-struction! It is to the Catholic Church that we must ascribe the merit of having propa-gated and defended Christian philosophy, without which the world would still be buried in the darkness of pagan superstitions and in the most abject barbarism. It has preserved and transmitted to all generations the precious treasure of literature and of the ancient sciences. It has opened the first schools for 