668  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY to his court; and when he perceived that a fear of being mulcted prevented the clergy from visiting him, he determined to make a tour through the dioceses. He passed through a great number of cities, and everywhere carried off treasures from the churches and monas-teries. It is related that he took five whole days to carry away from the rich abbey of Cluny the gold and silver that he found in the cel-lars of the monks. He compelled Giles, the archbishop of Bourges, to pay so large a fine for not having visited him that the unfortunate prelate was com-pelled forever after to live on alms. Not content with his own extortions, on his return to Bordeaux he sent three lega-teesÑGentil de Montesiore, Nicholas de Freauville, and Thomas de Jorz, to squeeze the lower clergy of the Gallic church. They imposed such onerous contributions on the priests, and exacted ¥ the payment so rigorously, that the latter, in their despair, complained to the monarch. "Philip instructed Milon de Noyers, the marshal of France, to complain to the holy father against his extortioners, and to obtain their recall. But this em-bassy, instead of arresting the evil, in-creased it. The pope, fearing lest ener-getic measures would be taken to shackle his financiering expedition, urged the re-ceipt of the money, and ordered his lega-tees to increase their severity and set all ecclesiastical dignities up at auction. He also resolved to use the tribunals of the Inquisition, with which Blanche of Cas-tile and St. Louis had endowed France, so as to avail himself of the decrees of the fourth council of the Lateran, which provided that the property of heretics and their accomplices belonged to the Holy See, without the children or rela-tives of the condemned being able to claim the least part."ÑDe Cormenin. Pope Clement V. established the papal see at Avignon in France, which thus be-came and remained for more than a hun-dred years a papal residence, which gave rise to a double and even a triple-headed Papacy, and which in turn involved all Europe in papal anarchy. The papal seat was thus in Avignon. Henry VII. was to be crowned em-peror. The imperial crown itself could be conferred and received only in Rome. The pope "commissioned five cardinals to proceed, in his place, to the coronation of the emperor, and sent a bull in which all the pontifical audacity was exhibited to the light of day." In the bull Clement V. said to Henry VII.: Know, prince, that Jesus Christ, the King of kings, having given to His Church all the king-doms upon earth, emperors and kings should serve on their knees, us, who are the represen-tatives and vicars of God. When Clement died "his treasures were pillaged. The cardinals seized on enormous sums of coined money. Bernard, Count de Lomagne, nephew and minion of the dead pope, carried off chalices and ornaments worth more than a hundred thousand florins. The Count-ess de Foix stole as her share all the jewels of the holy father. And there were no minions nor mistresses of the cardinals who were not enriched by the spoils of the sovereign pontiff. . . . When there was nothing more left in the treasury of the Church, the cardinals, twenty-three in number, went to Carpentras and shut them-selves up in the episcopal palace, to pro-ceed to the election of a new pope. Scarcely had they done so when a dread-ful tumult broke out in the city; the priests of the court of Clement, and the domestics of the cardinals who had not formed a part of the cortege of the pope, and who consequently had not had part in the plunder, arrived at Carpentras, 