358 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY course of the nation is far more that of empire than it is of republicanism. In due time came the decisions of the Supreme Court maintaining the right which had already been assumed by the executive and legislative branches of the Government to rule dependencies as col-onies outside of the Constitution and without regard to the wishes of the peo-ple concerned. The colonies were de-clared to be "appurtenant to" the United StatesŠbelonging to it but not being a part of it. Thus was established what some of the foremost organs of imperial-ism have not hesitated to admitŠthe dis-tinction "between subjects of the United States and citizens of the United States." These decisions applied to Porto Rico and the Philippines. With Cuba the case was different. She must have her independence, or at least the semblance of independence. The pledge that had been made to the world could not be set aside, although there were not wanting those who were perfectly willing to have that done. On the first of January, 1899, Spain evacuated Cuba, and her military forces were superseded by those of the United States, which have been in con-ti-ol of the island ever since. Order has been established in the mean time, and undoubtedly much good in the way of public improvements, the establishment of schools, and the eradication of disease-producing conditions has been accom-plished. Now orders have been issued for the withdrawal of nearly all the United States forces on the loth of the present month, when the government of the island is to be turned over to the ad-ministration to which it has been com-mitted by the Cuban people. But notwithstanding the fact that it is being declared that this marks the com-plete and honorable fulfilment of the pledge made by the United States, and the grateful words which have been ut- tered in appreciation of the course of the United States by the president-elect of Cuba, the fact remains, and it cannot be disguised, that Cuba is a dependency of the United States, and will continue to be such. Cuba is not independent; her government has not been left to her peo-ple. These words of the Brooklyn Eagle are literally true, and are recognized as the truth by all who look at the matter impartially ; The Teller resolution disclaimed any inten-tion to exercise jurisdiction or control, but the people of the United States know that the dis-claimer has since become a comedy, if not a farce. With or without the consent of the Cubans, it has been suspendedŠit is not ma-terial to ask which. For more than three years the island has been in charge of the War De-partment. Order has been restored and con-tagion stamped out. . . . What has been done, as far as it 5oes, has been admirably done, which is a tribute to the capacity for administration. But freedom in the sense of independence has been withheld. It has neither been granted nor is it in prospect. We are not to leave the government and future of the island to its people. We have held in re-serve rights usually arrogated unto themselves by sovereigns. We are retaining jurisdiction and control. We have reserved the preroga-tives of a guardian. All this is the case by virtue of the famous Platt Amendment which the United States forced the Cuban Constitu-tional Convention to incorporate in the organic law of the new republic. Under this act the United States retains the-right to intervene in the affairs of Cuba. and take possession of her government whenever it deems it necessary. This has been justified on the ground that it was necessary in order for the United States to adequately carry out its pledge to leave the government of the island to. its people ! This act also reserves to the United States the right 'to prevent the issuing of bonds and the borrowing of money beyond a certain amount, and also, limits Cuba's power in the making of 