THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 567 cause of human rights. The cause of truth and right will be vindicated in character without any appeal to might. It will triumph by the inherent power of divine truth; and even the exercise of force that is necessary in civil governments for the protection of rights does not represent Christianity, for Christi-anity is not a government of force, and forces no one, but only appeals to all by love. Men readily believe that the cause of their country is the " cause of truth and right," and the idea that war in such a cause is a Christian necessity is only calculated to extend the ghastly work of war throughout the earth. s. CHRISTIANITY AND ORIENTALISM. IT is hoped that the battle Christianity was com-pelled to fight with Judaism and paganism has been made plain, in so far as it was possible to do so in the space allotted to these papers. Imagine, if you can, the apostles of Jesus ChristŠthe tent-maker or the fishermanŠentering as strangers into one of the splendid cities of Syria, Asia Minor, or Greece. As they pass along they survey the strength of the established religion, which it is their avowed pur-pose to overthrow. Everywhere they behold tem-ples on which the utmost extravagance of expendi-ture has been lavished by succeeding generations; idols of the most exquisite workmanship, to which the people are strongly attached, not only by the religious feeling, but also by patriotism, pride, and national and local vanity. "They meet processions in which the idle find perpetual occupation, the young excitement, the voluptuous a continual stimu-lant to their passions. They behold a priesthood, numerous, sometimes wealthy; nor are these alone wedded by interest to the established faith. Many of the trades, like those of the makers of silver shrines at Ephesus, are pledged to the support of that to which they owe their maintenance. . . . " They meet philosophers, frequently itinerants like themselves, or teachers of new religions, priests of Isis and Serapis, who have brought into equal discredit what might otherwise appeared a proof of philanthrophy, the performing of laborious journeys at the sacrifice of ease and comfort for the moral and religious improvement of mankind "There are also teachers of the different mysteries which would engross the anxiety of the inquisitive, perhaps exite, even if they did not satisfy, the hopes  of the more pure and lofty-minded. Such the over-powering difficulties which met and confronted them wherever they went." (Milman's Hist. Christ., vol. I, p. 441, note.) The Deadly Miasma of the East. All this Christianity met and conquered glori-ously in the might of the Lord of Hosts; but even these were not the worst foes of the early church. If " the conflict of Christianity with Judaism was a civil war, and that with paganism the invasion and conquest of a foreign territory," the conflict of Christianity with the oriental philosophy or gnosti-cism was a guerilla warfare. It was fighting an un-known and a lurking foe. It was worse even than this. It was the infant church exposed to a deadly miasma which she inhaled with every breath, and which only the power of the life within could elimi-nate and exclude. We need not be surprised, then, when Milman tells us that "Asiatic influences have worked more completely into the body and essence of Christianity than any other foreign elements," and that " it is by no means improbable that tenets, which had their origin in India, have for centuries predominated in or materially affected the Christianity of the whole Western world." " From the banks of the Ganges, probably from the shores of the Yellow Sea and the coasts of farther India to the Phoenician borders of the Mediteranean and the undefined limits of Phry-gia in Asia Minor there was that connection and similitude; that community of certain elementary principles; that tendency to certain combinations of physical and moral ideas, which may be expressed by the term Orientalism." (Milman's Hist. of Christ., vol. II., pp. 35, 36.) The Jews came in contact with this philosophy during their captivity in Babylon, and, blending with their religion, it produced their mystic Cabala, and influenced many of the teachings of the Essenes and Pharisees. It colored Plato's teachings, and was an essential part of the New Platonism which had its origin at Alexandria. Its foundation principle was the Per- sian DualismŠthe idea that there were two supreme deities, one the creator of light and pure spirit, and the other of darkness and malignant matter. In all the oriental sects this primary principle of the ma-lignity of matter haunted the imagination. " Many of the oriental specialists, as soon as Christianity began to develop, hailed it as the com-pletion of their own wild theories, and forced it into 