THE VITAL PORTION OF THE DECLARATION  485 American people and all the world, that with the advent of that Declaration a new era had come in human history, a new day had dawned for the sons of men. And it was not in the mere fact that revolution against tyranny had begun, that independence of England had been declared, that this was so. People had fought against oppression before; nations had contended for independence from time immemorial. No ; the American Revolution for independence compre-hended more than that. And here we come to the true and pe-culiar glory of the Declaration of Inde-pendence, to the living and eternal prin-ciples which vitalized it and made it greater than all state papers that had ever been before it. Never had any na-tion before proclaimed "that all men are created equal ; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights ; that among these are life, liberty. and the pursuit of happiness; that to se-cure these rights governments are insti-tuted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the gov-erned; that whenever any form of gov-ernment becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it, and to institute a new government, laying its foundation on such principles, and organizing its pow-ers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and hap-piness." "Thus was annihilated the despotic doctrine . . . which had become ven- erable, if not absolutely hallowed, by the precedents of a thousand yearsÑthe doc-trine of the divine right of kings; and in the place of the old, false, despotic theory of the sovereignty of the government and the subjection of the people, there was declared the self-evident truthÑthe sub-jection of government and the sover-eignty of the people." Thus it was de- dared that "government is but a piece of political machinery, framed and set up by the people, by which they would make themselves secure in the enjoyment of the inalienable rights which they al-ready possess as men ; which they have by virtue of being men in society and not by virtue of government; which were theirs before government was; which are their own in the essential meaning of the term ; and 'which they do not hold by any sub-infeudation, but by direct hom-age and allegiance to the Owner and Lord of all' who has endowed them with those rights." And in thus annihilating the arrogant pretensions and despotic doctrines of kings and governments, there was anni-hilated the arrogant, despotic and blas-phemous doctrines and assumptions of Popes and popery by which the souls of men were intimidated and enslaved by outward coercion and tyranny. The great truths of human equality and of government limited to the powers which are conferred upon it by the consent of the governed, forever annihilate the idea that any man, any government, any hu-man authority or organizatiton, can have the right to control the consciences of men. When the rights of the people were given the supreme place, the au-thority of tyranny, under whatever name or form, was swept away. Thus it is in the impregnable founda-tion upon which they based their action, the rock upon which the fathers chose to establish themselves in resisting op-pression and declaring independence, that is found the high and peculiar glory that attaches to the struggle they waged and the great document they proclaimed.  Take from the Declaration those few sentences which go back of all govern-ments and all human institutions, which grasp the throne of the Infinite by hold-ing up as immutable and inalienable the 