40 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. pendent, here takes the only sound, legal and theological view of the Sunday opening question. Yet it is a view which, while shared by many clergymen, is opposed by others who hold that the sanctity of the Sabbath is commanded by divine and should be enforced by human law. :`This Sabbatarian doctrine has never been recognized in American legislation, State or national, nor can it be without violating both letter and spirit of our fundamental law. The Constitution of the United States declares that 'Con-gress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.' The consti-tution of this State provides that 'the free exercise and enjoyment of religious worship without discrimination shall forever be allowed in this State to all mankind.' The purpose of that is to secure liberty to allŠto unbelievers as well as every denomination of believers. It gives to all the right to believe or not to believe, to worship or not to worship, according to the conscience of each, and prohibits the belief or form of worship of any to be imposed by law upon others." The Baptist Examiner very wisely ob-serves that any reform effected merely through political action is only "skin-deep," and may be quite overturned at the next election. "The administration may be temporarily purified, but the vicious classes are not thereby reformed. To secure permanent results a deeper work must be undertaken ; the voters themselves must be reformed, and such a reformation cannot be wrought by ex-ternal force. The supreme need in New York is the evangelization of the city." Comenting on this the Canadian Bap-tist also wisely says : "Our cities need  not measures merely, but men. And in order to become men in the true and complete sense our fellow-citizens need the gospel and the Spirit of Jesus Christ. And here is a hint as to the way in which we, as Christians and as church mem-bers, can most helpfully labor for the municipal salvation." This is the truth, and when the churches realize this there will be less heard of the "Christian citizenship" movement and the doctrine that the caucus is "as sacred an appoint-ment as the place of prayer." The sort of "Sabbath-keeping" that can be secured by law is much like that described in the following item from the Atchison Globe, and is just about as beneficial physically and rriorally : "The, average man does himself so much harm on Sunday that he does not recover until the following Wednesday. In the first place, he loafs around the house, instead of being active, as on week days. In the next place, he eats his breakfast later than usual, and his dinner earlier, and the result is that he is knocked out until Wednesday. The best thing to do on Sunday is to con-form to your usual habits as much as possible." Mr. Abram S. Hewitt, a well-known citizen of New York City, says that "most statesmen and the best thinkers of the day" do not think "that universal suffrage is the best form of government for large aggregations of men," and adds that he concurs in this view. The Springfield Republican says that this view "is probably that of an increasing number of wealthy and cultured people in New York, and per-haps in the country, and it represents the growth of pessimism concerning the success of democratic institutions." 