148 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY  labor. Its duration is, however, not adequate to the purposes of dissipating fatigue and replenishing the strength and spirits for, successive or renewed exer-tion. Nature has pointed out the manner and intimated the time when it shall be taken, and also the extent of its duration. Sleep is indispensably necessary to animal existence and the preservation of health, and the time for taking it is intimated by the laws of nature with a precision which need not be mistaken. " The night corn-eth when no man can work " convenient-ly without the aid of artificial light. Why does man suspend his labors at the close of each day and take the rest or repose of sleep all night, or sufficient of it to answer the demands of nature ? Does he not awake each morning relieved of fatigue and refreshed and prepared for the labors of the ensuing day ? For those in health, nature, reason and experience tell us that one-half or one-third of each day is sufficient for the purposes of rest. Those who require more cannot be in good health, and their cases form no ground from which to reason. We find, therefore, on examination, that the laws of nature point to labor as the means of preserving life and pro-moting happiness ; that incessant labor would produce excessive fatigue and hazard or destroy the life and happiness nature intended to preserve; that fatigue intimates the necessity of resting from the labor which occasioned it; that the object of resting is to counteract fatigue and its effects; that t1-1• time for taking rest is when the occasion for it occurs, and that its duration is limited to the time when its object shall be accom-plished.  law required to force people to go to sleep and take repose when nature imperiously demands it ? Would it not be equally absurd to attempt by statute law to con-strain men to eat and sleep at a time when neither hunger or fatigue makes it neces-sary or useful? And does not the law on which I have been commenting * bear as deep a stamp of error when it im-poses pains and penalties on people to compel them to rest from useful labor when neither nature, necessity or their pleasure demand it ? Need we ask, then, who are the best legislators or the best judges to prescribe a time or day of rest from labor? Who better knows that he ought to rest, or the time when to cease his labor, than he who by labor has been fatigued? Who better knows how long he ought to rest than he who by resting feels fatigued no more, and finds his strength and spirits re-freshed and renewed for a repetition of his useful labors? Can statute law de-fine those points with more precision? Can the language of a statute law be more intelligent or explicit, or its man-dates more implicitly obeyed ? Does man require more coercion to take his neces-sary rest from labor than what the law of nature has imposed? The Ground and Extent of Legislative Right and Duty to Regulate the Time for Labor and Rest It has been proved in the foregoing work* that government has no right or righteous power to forbid useful labor at any time under religious pretenses [on religious grounds], and that the ground or pretext on which the law on which I have been commenting presumes to in-terdict servile labor on Sunday as an act Some Very Pertinent Questions Is a statute law necessary to compel people to eat their food when they are hungry and can obtain it? Is a statute * The Sunday law of New York State. See editorial note on another page. * As stated elsewhere, this matter was printed as an appendix to a treatise on Sun-day legislation. 