424  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY be stirred only to lynch some fiendish wretch soon find it easy to put violent hands on any-body who offends them, and thus this becomes a government, not of settled law, but of capricious passions. The New York Evening Post is in-clined to regard the evil as a sort of infectious general madness which passes from one part of the country to another. However that may be, there are two points plainly, but none too plainly, pre-sented in the following that can be relied upon absolutely. One is that class or race prejudice is at the bottom of these ferocities, and the other is that there is no security but that any day it may sud-denly be declared, and adopted in prac-tise, that some other class of people are beyond the pale of the law and " fit only for lynching " : The madness of the mob is worse than that of the single man, because it is infectious. One crazy band bent on murder incites an-other to bloody-mindedness. In these days of quick communication, impulses pass swiftly from one section of the land to another. It is like the inmates of adjoining padded cells in Bloomingdale stirring each other up by the example of shrieking and foaming at the mouth. A mob at the South bellows, and presently another in Belleville, Ill., takes up the hoarse cry. Thence the mania passes on to Indianapolis, only to break out later with redoubled fury and with every refinement of cruelty at Wilmington. We almost seem to be beholding an entire nation losing its reason. This conception of the passion for lynching as a vast wave of madness, inundating people by the thousand, is one, it seems to us, which is fitted to heighten our sense of public peril, as we confront the startling phenomenon. Where it will declare itself next, no man can tell. It is the instant and urgent duty of all sane men, and of every community not yet bedlamized, to gather up all the resources we possess against this threatening evil which has already become a stinging national disgrace. For there is method in this madness. It takes its origin, as everybody can see, in the notion that there is one class of men beyond the pale of the law. Mind; we say class of men, not class of crimes. Not all bestial outrages or ferocious murders are punished by mob law,  and with every circumstance of atrocity, as was .the horrible crime by the more horrible lynching in Delaware. The trembling brute who was burned to death spoke the simple truth when he told his tormentors that he would not have been dealt with in that savage fashion had he not been a negro. Not all monsters of depravity are black; yet where do we hear of the red fury of the mob turning upon white fiends? No, the idea is abroad that " niggers " may be hunted like wild beasts. Beginning by attempting to de-citizenize them, we have passed on to considering them de-humanized. We deny them the inalienable rights of every human being under our laws. For the white criminal the orderly processes of the law, the court, the sentence, the noose; but for his fellow in crimeÑthat is all he isÑthe colored man, there is nothing but the howling of the mob and the leaping flame. This is the first and great warning which the lynching mania speaks to every man who will hear. Class prejudice is at the bottom of these ferocities. In Bessarabia it is the Jew who is the outlaw, and who may with impunity be massacred because he belongs to a hated class; in America it is the negro for whom the most sacred guarantees of the law simply do not exist. Discrimination against a man because of his race or color shows us, in the insensate mob at Wilmington, into what wild animals it turns human beings when it does its perfect work. And we have not the slight-est security that such class prejudice, erected into 'the controlling passion of the snob, will stop with any particular race or color. Any day it may suddenly be declared, and adopted in practice, that other classes of men, other races, other colors, are fit only for lynching. When once you depart from the principle that all men as such have fundamental and equal rights, or from the duty of doing justice even upon the vilest under the strict forms of the law, you cannot tell to what fearful and bloody consequences you may be driven. That is really the alarming aspect of this invasion of old communities by the lynching habit. It threatens to burst the social bond itself. " Rough justice " lynching has been called by its apologists. We perceive the roughness, but not the justice. Society exists at all only because individuals agree to put their private griefs into the hands of the min-isters of the law; and every attempt by indi- viduals or by mobsÑbe they " mobs of gentle-men "Ñto wreak vengeance on their own ac-count, is a stab at the life of society. 