THE "ON-TO-OTTAWA" CAMPAIGN UNDER WAY 557 It is curious that the leaders of the Sunday-law movements are clergymenŠor rather it is significant and noteworthy. Nothing more is needed to show that such legislation is religious in character. Such legislation being religious in character, the Dominion Parliament therefore has no right to enact it. Sabbath observance is a matter between man and his Creator, and being a thing of the heart and not of outward form simply, can never come within the purview of human governments ; and all legislation upon the subject is religious in character and is bound to result in persecution. Those who observe the true Sabbath of the LordŠthe seventh dayŠneither need nor ask for special legislation to protect them in the observance of the day, and of course the Sabbath itself needs no human laws to " protect " it. For six thousand years it has stood, and still stands. If Sunday observance is founded on the Word of God it will stand without a sin-gle human enactment to bolster it up. Is it because Sunday observance has no com-mand of God behind it that the support of human legislation is sought in its behalf Šthat in this instance the Dominion gov-ernment is so earnestly petitioned for laws to shield the day from " desecration "? And is it well for man to attempt to en-force a religious observance which God has not required? . But even if Sunday observance were a  moral and religious duty, why is it nec-essary to have laws to " protect " and en-force it any more than to " protect " and enforce many other things which God re- Ł quires ? Why single out this one thing and petition the government for laws to enforce it and leave to individual choice the performance of many other duties which we owe to God and which the great majority of mankind do not render to Him ? The Bible commands us to be baptized, to partake of the Lord's Supper, to pray, to visit the sick, to study the Scriptures, children to love their parents, etc. Everywhere these holy injunctions are disregarded. Why is not Parliament petitioned for laws to prevent this and to compel all, under penalty of fine or im-prisonment, to perform these duties which we owe to God ? Why make a law about the Sabbath any more than about baptism or the Lord's Supper? Neglect and dis-regard of the Sabbath is no more wide-spread than is neglect and disregard of these ordinances, and if it is right to make a law compelling the observance of the Sabbath it is equally right to make a law compelling all to be baptized and to par-take of the Lord's Supper. A moment's reflection is sufficient to show that the latter legislation would be decidedly wrong, and for the same reason all legis-lation on religious matters, including Sab-bath observance, is wrong. Sunday observance has no more to do with morality than has a wagon load of ice, if we define morality as honesty, vir-tue, and industry. Sunday keeping is moral only as it is the manner and cus-tom of certain people, but whether a man goes to church or goes fishing on that day has nothing to do with his real moral qualities. There are very many rogues in the churches on Sunday, and very many good and honest men on the water  fishing. Those who say that Sunday observance is the foundation of morality do not know what morality is.ŠTruth Seeker. Our benefactors in the past have been, not kings, popes, or princes, but those memorable men who have lived and died for religion and knowledge.ŠEugene Lawrence. 