104 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY One or two other Senators spoke in a similar strain. But Senator Dolliver spoke in a different strain, and evidently felt that the time was opportune for put-ting in a word for something else besides the Declaration. He called attention to the prediction that had been made by some college president that within twenty-five years there would be an emperor es-tablished at Washington, and after re-marking that that represented a feeling which seemed to prevail to a considerable extent, said : Even in the Senate of the United States the anxiety, sometimes real and sometimes pre-tended, has grovim familiar by repetition, that the Government established by our fathers has broken away from its moorings and is now adrift upon the high seas, headed toward the rocks, nobody knows where. We ought to keep company with no such opinions. They belong to the blackness of the darkness of a past generation. From 1865 forward to eter-nity, whatever else happens, the American Re-public shall liveŠlive to answer the accusers of the people, live to vindicate the faith of our fathers, live to scatter the riches of civil liberty to races not yet grown to the stature of free-dom, and to nations yet unborn. He declared that the Declaration of In-dependence had " passed through vicis-situdes perilous to its moral integrity," and with the evident intention of having the incident regarded as a vicissitude of that sort, said : Mr. Jefferson originally wrote, "All men are created equal and independent." He struck out the words " and independent," leaving our sublime political dogma standing nakedly there, " All men are created equal." Having reduced this proposition to nakedness, he hastened to explain that Jefferson " did not mean that everybody comes into the world with exactly the same equipment of mind or body, or character, or estate," and that " our fathers were men of immense practical good sense " who " knew perfectly well the differences which necessarily exist  among men, arising from the nature of things." They had no quarrel with the framework of society. Their quarrel was with the abuses of despotism, the inequalities arising, not from the nature of things, but from the maladminis-tration of governments. It is strange that the fathers did not set up a monarchy if they had no quarrel with the framework of society politically. While little exception can be taken to these remarks concerning the fathers and the meaning of the proposition that " all men are created equal," yet nevertheless it .is exactly the same sort of stuff that Abraham Lincoln said in his day was used to " fritter away " the " vitality and prac-tical value " of the Declaration. On the occasion mentioned, Senator Depew said : The course of Rome for many centuries was controlled by the mysterious revelation of the Sibylline leaves, but there was no mystery about the Declaration of Independence, no mystery about the Constitution of the United States, no mystery about the farewell address of Washington, and no mystery in the writings which have come to us from the fathers of the Revolution. No, there is no mystery about any of these things. The mystery is that they are not heeded to-day. It is not likely that future generations will be able to look back and say that there was no mys-tery about the doings of those who have to-day repudiated the Declaration of In-dependence, stretched the Constitution to the breaking-point, ignored the wise and deep councils of Washington's farewell address, and turned their backs upon the writings which have come down to us from the fathers of the Revolution. "I do not mean to say we are bound to follow implicitly in whatever our fathers did. . . . What I do say is, that if we would supplant the opinions and policies of our fathers in any case, we should do so upon evidence so conclusive, and argument so clear, that even their great authority, fairly considered and weighed, cannot stand." 