NOTE AND COMMENT 2 5 5 A correspondent of the Catholic Standard and Times, writing to that pa-per from Havana regarding "the ecclesi-astical property question," says that "the United States Government has ap-proached this important question with a sense of fairness and adjusted it to the satisfaction of the Church and in the in-terests of justice." Although a column of solid type is devoted to this topic no information as to the particulars of this adjustment is given, except that "the equitable settlement was arranged be-tween the military governor and Bishop Sbarretti shortly before the withdrawal of the latter from Havana to his apos-tolic mission in the Philippines." Ł On February 17 the Senate, at Wash-ington, ratified the treaty with Denmark whereby the three islands composing the Danish West Indies are ceded to the United States. Senator Bacon moved to amend the treaty by striking out the paragraph in which it is stated that "the civil rights and the political status of the inhabitants of the islands shall be deter-mined by Congress." The proposed amendment was rejected. Although there is a strong sentiment in the islands and in Denmark for the taking of a vote of the inhabitants of the islands them-selves on the matter of the transfer of sovereignty, there seems to be no dispo-sition on the part of this country to con-cern itself with the wishes of the people most concerned. r. Senator Platt, of Connecticut, he who declared some time ago that "govern-ments derive their just powers from the consent of some of the governed," re-cently declared in a speech in the Senate: "I am tired of hearing this threadbare talk about the consent of the governed." The man who wrote the Platt amend- merit and who is one of the leading spon-sors for the policy of subjugation in the Philippines might be expected to tire very quickly of 'talk about the consent of the governed." There is something, however, more threadbare than talk about the consent of the governed, and that is talk about "the consent of some of the governed." The "some of the governed" theory has been the prevail-ing one in political history from the earliest times, but it was thought when the American Republic began its career that a new order of things in this respect had begun. Ł The people of Switzerland seem to be more jealous of republican simplicity and more tenacious for the observance of their constitutional provisions than are the people of some other republics. The president of the Swiss National Council, M. G. Ador, one of Switzerland's great-est statesmen, has been compelled to re-sign because of his refusal to return to the president of France the decoration of the Legion of Honor which had been conferred on him for services in connec-tion with the Paris Exposition. Article 12 of the Swiss federal constitution for-bids officers, subordinate officers and sol-diers of the Swiss army from receiving decorations, titles or pensions from any foreign state. And as military service is obligatory and universal, that prohibition applies to every citizen of Switzerland. An investigation has begun with the ob-ject of compelling all persons who may have received foreign decorations within the last twenty-five years to return them from whence they were received. While the Catholic Church claims to stand to-day as "the custodian of re-vealed religion," and boasts that she is the great defender of the inspiration of 