THE PAPACY AND me us confess, recant, and accept the papal doctrine of investiture, along with that of purgatory and indulgences. THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBER-TY stands for the maintenance of the first eight amendments of the Constitution of the United States, known as the Ameri-can Bill of Rights. And especially does it stand for the doctrine of the social com-pact; for the whole doctrine of delegated powers, including the maxim that dele-gated powers cannot be redelegated ; and for the impotency of Congress or the treaty-making power to make any law re-specting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; or any law abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, or the right of the people peaceably to assemble and petition the Government for a redress of grievances ; and fpr the right of every person charged with crime to a speedy and public trial by an impartial jury of the neighborhood. And it reprobates and condemns the whole system of spurious legislation re-garding the Philippines, in which all of these principles have been wantonly vio-lated in order to placate the adherents of popery and legitimacy in this country for partizan advantage. I endorse its posi-tion on all these points, and would like to -have it take hold of this treaty question. It is unfortunate, but it is true, that in .every case where the Pope is dealing with the head of a Protestant nation with a view to undermining its religious and po-litical principles things must go on from -bad to worse until the very climax of iniquity is reached before any reaction is possible. As one of Hampden's follow-ers said in the Long Parliament, things must get worse before they get better. 'They have been getting worse faster and faster, just as they did in the time of ŁCharles the First and James the Second. Indeed, the climax seems to have been reached at last, and men all over this  THE REPUBLIC 747 country are whispering to one another the names of Cromwell, and William of Orange, and Joseph Warren, and Thomas Jefferson, and are wondering if the breed of free men is entirely extinct. The Wis-consin Methodist Conference has even spoken out officially and publicly, and has asked the President of the United States some questions about Guarandoti Ireland, which the President is not answering. This "Ireland question" has come all at once to be a national question, because men everywhere have suddenly realized that it involves the whole subject of the relation between the Papacy and the Re-public. It is a momentous question. It drags in its train all the abuses that have been perpetrated upon. this sleeping na-tion by Congress and the Supreme Court, as well as by the treaty-making and ex-ecutive powers. Above all it raises the question of the right of this Government to receive, as a consular agent of the Pope, a delegate to Manila, over which it is exercising sole jurisdiction. For no consular agent can be received, or grant-ed an exequatur by any government, ex-cept in pursuance of a treaty, since only by a treaty can the functions of such an agent be created. This agent of the Pope is called, as a subterfuge, an "apostolic delegate ;" but if he is to transact secu-lar business in addition to his spiritual functions, he is a consul, by whatever ',ap-pellation he may, for the convenience of diplomacy, be styled. Settling disputes about land titles, and the sale of real estate, are not spiritual functions. They are purely secular. The agent who does these things is a consul, minister, ambassador, or other political or secular business agent. He cannot be rec- ognized, or protected, or dealt with by this Government unless there has been a treaty between it and the power which he represents. It follows, therefore, that either our Government has made a treaty 