694 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY safeguard in favor of the open saloon. For twenty-five years or more this course on the part of the saloon forces has been successful in a great degree. Such a policy will continue so long as the present form of Sunday law is con-tinued. This type of law is self-de-feating, and evil influences are quick and persistent in making the most pos-sible out of the illogical and inconsist-ent feature of Sunday laws which place the liquor selling on a practical and legal equality with legitimate and de-sirable forms of business. The experi-ence of each year increases the de-mand for a definite separation of the liquor question from all other kinds of business on Sunday. The second fac-tor in the effort to execute the Sunday laws is business rivalry in many cases. This is the most vigorous and successful factor. This element of agi-tation and enforcement increases as the tyranny of labor unions and labor agitators increases. The year hasŁ been strongly marked by the monopoly and tyranny of labor movements, and Sun-day laws have been pressed into serv-ice whenever possible. In these cases, as in the saloon influence, there is no high nor genuine thought of reform. On the contrary, all efforts to enforce Sunday laws through such agencies in-crease holidayism and the general growth of evil results. Religious lead-ers who seek the upbuilding of Sunday on religious grounds exhibit great blindness in trying to foster better things through such agencies. They are slow to learn that actual and gen-uine Sabbath reform must be based on high and permanent religious con-siderations. Religious leaders give con-stant evidence of their want of faith in the religious basis of Sunday ob-servance by seeking affiliation with labor unions and the saloons in secur-ing spasmodic and illogical enforce-ment of Sunday laws, and calling such movements Sabbath reform. They would not do this if they were not con-scious that Sunday has no right to claim religious authority from the Bible or the example of Christ, the Lord of the Sabbath. However much they may seek to cover their weakness by words, every year proves the hollowness of  their theories concerning Sunday ob-servance. When men clutch at floating straws of civil law enforcement, from low motives, and fail to appeal to God's law and Christ's example, their cause is weak indeed. That barbers or grocers or saloonmen, in a given in-stance, have closed the business places of their rivals or enemies for a few Sundays is not worthy of record as an item of genuine Sabbath reform. Every year adds proof to the fact that a new and higher plane of thought and action must be gained by religious leaders before any progress will be made in actual and permanent Sabbath reform. The question must be lifted from the low ground of competition in business, to the Biblical and religious basis on which Christ placed the Sabbath and its observance. If there is no such basis for Sunday, as we believe there is not, Sunday must cease its claims to divine authority, and yield to the true Sab-bath of God and of his Son, Christ. As things now are, the saloon power and the holiday Sunday get the lion's share of what is falsely called "Sab-bath Reform" through Sunday laws. New York's "Puz- The question zling Sunday , of the Sunday Question " closing of sa- loons, commonly spoken of as the "ex-cise question," remains one of fore-most importance and interest in New York, and though not exactly an issue in the late municipal campaign, figured somewhat in the speech-making, and all references to it were eagerly lis-tened to. On accepting the mayoralty nomination two years ago Mr. Low "declared his belief that the sections of the liquor tax law prohibiting the sale of liquor at all hours on Sunday could not be enforced in New York, and suggested that the legislature study the conditions with great care, to see if some regulation more effective for controlling the liquor traffic on Sundays than an absolute prohibition could not be devised." He indicated 