ADVERTISEMENTS 663 A STUDY OF PRINCIPLES In Alonzo T. Jones' book entitled " The Two Republics," is a compara-tive study of the underlying principles of the two greatest RepublicsŠRome and the United States. "The principle of Rome in all its phases is that religion and govern-ment are inseparable. The principle of the government of the United States is that religion is essentially distinct and wholly separate from civil government, and entirely exempt from its cognizance. "The principle of Rome is the abject slavery of the mind; the prin-ciple of the United States of America is absolute freedom of the mind. " As it was Christianity that first and always antagonized this govern-mental principle of Rome, and established the governmental principle of the United States of America, the fundamental idea, the one thread-thought of 74. the whole book, is to develop the principles of Christianity with reference to civil government, and to portray the mischievous results of the least ŁŁ.'Ł departure from those principles." *;* Rome occupies one extreme and the United States the other. Which is right? The question interests every reader of THE SENTINEL, for in its solution and the correct application of the principles lies the salvation of individual as well as nation. " Two Republics " contains 895 octavo pages and is substantially bound in cloth. Price, postpaid, $1.75. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO. 11 West 20th Street New York City AN OPEN CHALLENGE Sunday laws and their enforcement has become one of the leading questions of the day. The subject is one of absorbing interest and much has been written upon it. Much, too, has been said by the clergy, by the lawyers, by the legislatures and by the courts. Until recently, however, there seems to have been no very careful inquiry into the merits of the case of the legal SundayŠno open challenge of its right to exist. In THE LEGAL SUNDAY : Its History and Character, James T. Ringgold, a member of the Baltimore bar at his decease, challenges Sunday's legal right to an exist-ence. This book is a clear, logical, forceful presentation of a subject which is of vital interest to every American citizen. " Legal Sunday" contains 252 pages, is bound in paper covers, and costs the small sum of 25 cents. If you are interested in this question, you cannot do better than to invest a quarter in this little bpok and read it carefully. Address, PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY II West 20th Street New York City 