7Th E ofin OF allETISTllAM ASZEN717 VoL. XVIII WASHINGTON, D. C., THURSDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1903 No. so "Sabbath Reform" Oppression in Philadelphia What One American "Sabbath" Organization has been Doing during the Past Year I AMONG the half dozen or more or-ganizations in this country which profess to be devoted to the work of Sabbath reform, but which devote themselves almost entirely to the work of Sunday enforcement, is the Philadel-phia "Sabbath" Association. During the past twelve months this organiza-tion seems to have outdid itself and to have outstripped all the others in the work to which all are devoted. We have from time to time reported in-stances of arrests, prosecutions, and finings in Philadelphia under the Sun-day law, but it will be well to examine more fully and particularly the work that has been done by this so-called Sabbath-reform organization during the past year. It will show clearly what is the nature and character of the work to which these "Sabbath" associations, which make such great pretensions of standing and working for the temporal and religious welfare of the people, are devoted, and also what may continue to be expected in Philadelphia, for it is announced that the crusade that has been waged so persistently during the past twelve months is to be pushed with still greater energy and zeal in the future. At a meeting of the board of direct-ors of this organization on October 27,  Secretary T. T. Mutchler, who is of course a clergyman, reported " that the candy and cigar committees had since November last obtained evidence against 2,000 violators of the Sunday law in their line of business, and were preparing to push the work with greater activity." The "barbers' com-mittee had not been so fortunate, but had prosecuted every barber against whom they could get evidence." It seems that the city has been districted, and by means of paid agents and "aux-iliary organizations" watch has been kept upon every store and stand and evidence secured against all who sold on Sunday. One of these organizations was "Dr. L. Y. Graham's," pastor of the Olivet Presbyterian Church, "which works as an auxiliary to the Philadel-phia Sabbath Association" and "com-prises eighteen divisions or districts in the city." The work of its members in their respective districts was to "seek to learn what storekeepers do business on the first day of the week contrary to the act of 1794," and to secure evi-dence against them. And we are told that in each district or division there are "from three to six ministers inter-ested in the work." This crusade has been directed almost entirely against the proprietors of 