328 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY no doubt as to what was the intent of those who enacted them. The purpose of their enactment was not the providing of a day of weekly rest for the workingman, nor of preventing one man from injuring and oppressing another by overwork. The idea of " protecting human rights and prolonging human life " was not the idea that prompted their enactment, and the notion " that one day will do as well as another " for the suspension of labor and business did not obtain when they were conceived. The " health and happiness " of the people was not the consideration when these laws were enacted. It is peculiar that the expressions now so com-mon in the mouths of the defenders of Sunday legislation are not to be found in the Sunday laws themselves. Scan them as carefully as we may and we will discover no such expressions as " day of rest," " weekly rest day," " one day of rest in seven," the " human necessity " of " weekly rest," etc. They have a dif-ferent nomenclature. The copy of the Florida Sunday statute that we have be-fore us is from the 1881 edition of " Mc-Clellan's Digest of the Laws of Florida," and we notice that the acts prohibited by it are prohibited from being done " on the Sabbath day," which expression oc-curs four times in the statute. This ex-pression gives us a very good clue as to the nature of the law and the purpose of its framers. The Sunday statutes were enacted because the day was regarded as the Sabbath day; because it was held to be a sacred and not a secular dayŠa day dif-ferent from all the other days. All work and business except that of " necessity " was prohibited on that day because it was regarded as a desecration of the dayŠas violative of its supposed sacred and holy character. Not the " human necessity " of physical rest, but the human obligation of obedience to what was held to be a divine requirement, is the idea which un- derlies the Sunday statutes that are to be found to-day on the statute books of American States. When to this is added the fact that the demands to-day for the enforcement of these laws, as in this in-stance in Jacksonville, come from those who are inspired by religious motives in the matter, by those who wish thereby to keep " the Sabbath day" from being " desecrated," we are able to see how ir-relevant to this question of Sunday legis-lation and enforcement is all the talk about providing a day of rest for the workingman and protecting him from the " oppression " of those " who would com-pel him to work all the time." If there must be laws protecting the workingman in this wayŠif there must be paternal legislation " providing " him with a day of rest and guarding his " health and hap-piness " for himŠthen let such legislation be enacted ; but let there be no excusing, defending and maintaining of religious legislation on these groundsŠof legisla-tion that was not designed for and that is not used for any such purpose. One more point and we conclude the review of this " lay sermon." We are told that " it is the duty of public offi-cials to enforce the law," and that " it is the duty of private citizens to obey the law " ; that " whatever the law com-mands should be done," and that " what-ever the law forbids should be left un-done." In general these propositions are all right, but whether they are always to be the rule depends. There are higher laws than " the law," and sometimes " the law " conflicts with these higher laws. In such cases it is for the individual to say which he will obey. We will only say here that many of the men whom the world honors most were men who dis-regarded " the law " when it conflicted with the higher law of duty;  justice and human rights. 