188 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of Weyler infamous, and which, in the case of Weyler, President McKinler de-clared in his messages of December 6, 1897, and April 11, 1898, "was not civilized warfare," but "extermination," which could beget only the peace "of the wilderness and the grave." The New York Evening Post is of the opinion that under the circumstances "it would be well for this country to tender its humble apologies to the much-maligned General Weyler." It is stated that one-sixth of the population of Luzon has been exter-minated since the American occupation of the island. The president of the first Philippine Commission, President Schurman, of Cornell University, made a speech at Boston, on January 20, in which he virtually declared that the peo-ple of the Philippines must be given their independence. He declared that if the United States had any other motive for its occupation of the Philippines than those of humanity and a desire for the liberty of men, that "we cannot escape the charge of manslaughter." Nine hun-dred fresh troops sailed for the Philip-pines from New York on January 21. A terrible railroad disaster occurred on the morning of January 8 in what is known as the Park Avenue Tunnel, through which trains enter the Grand Central Station in New York City. Two local trains were hurrying to the city over the line of the New York Central loaded with people eager to enter upon the business of the day. One of them was stopped for a few minutes in the tun-nel to wait for the track to be cleared in front. The other came on at considera-ble speed and crashed into the rear coaches of the train in front. Many of the passengers in the last car were killed outright. Others were crushed and cut,  or were scalded by the escaping steam of the engine. Mangled bodies were held as in a vise between the engine and the wreckage, while others were wedged be-tween the platforms or in the windows. Altogether more than fifty bodies were strewn about the wreckage. Eighteen persons were killed, and the remainder were mangled and wounded, some very seriously and Others but slightly. Two similar wrecks have occurred before in this tunnel. One on September 22, 1882, in which eighteen persons were killed, and another on February 20, 1891, when six passengers were killed and many others were horribly burned by the car stoves then in use. The terrible accident has aroused considerable feeling against the management of the New York Cen-tral road, the directors of which are charged with being morally responsible for the disaster, in that they have failed to take steps that could have been taken to insure the safety of those passing through this tunnel. A thorough inves-tigation of the whole matter has been undertaken by public officials. On December 31 the first general election was held throughout Cuba. Governors and councils for the six prow= inces, members of the lower house of congress, and electors for the choosing of a president and vice-president and four senators for each province, were chosen. The electoral college will make its choice for president and vice-presi-dent on February 24, and Thomas Es-trada Palnia will be elected president of the Cuban Republic, fifty-five of the six-ty-three electors being pledged to vote for him. The supporters of the oppo-site candidate, General Maso, abstained almost entirely from voting, and because of their dissatisfaction it is feared that 