EDITORIAL 159 doing much in the interests of ideal Sabbath observance, so far as the liquor traffic is concerned. The advantage of the saloon is as six to one, and when its six days are done there will be no Sab-bath-keeping by those who have patron-ized and maintained it during the week, never mind how tight it may be closed. And because it has this advantage the saloon cannot be closed even when its six days are done, because in that time its power has become too great. It can-not be treated as legitimate six-sevenths of the time and as illegitimate the re-maining seventh. Six days of respecta-bility make it respectable on the seventh. Hence, the saloon has no better friends, and the Sabbath, so far as it is related to the saloon, can scarcely have any worse enemies than those re-ligious leaders who would clothe the sa-loon with respectability six days in the week and with sanctity on the SabbathŠfor if the saloon can observe the Sab-bath, as many ministers have declared, it is of course sanctified by such observ-ance during that day and made emi-nently respectable the rest of the time. Speaking with reference to the agita-tion for a change of the Sunday law in its application to saloons, Senator Raines, author of the celebrated Raines law, says : "I cannot see that a Republi-can member of the legislature can do otherwise than stand by the declaration in the Republican platform at Saratoga, `for the maintenance of the Sunday laws.' " The Republican party of the State of New York has the unique and certainly not enviable distinction of be-ing the only State organization of either of the two great political parties to make "the maintenance of the Sun-day laws" one of the planks of its plat-form. The Master's Attitude If there was one thing more than an-other that stood out clearly and distinctly in the life and teachings of the great Teacher of Christianity it was the utter absence of anything like the spirit of in-tolerance. He made it plain that love for sinnersŠfor their salvation from sin and woeŠwas the great motive power of His gospel, and that the civil sword and the power represented by it could have no place in the work of this gospel. Yet His words have been seized upon by His professed followers in the attempt to justify the dark doctrines and deeds of intolerance. That professed Christian church, which to-day numbers more adherents than any other, and which claims to be "the only authorized instrument set up for the spiritual guidance of mankind by Almighty God," has always claimed to find authority for its doctrine of per-secution in the teachings of Christ. A Catholic writer says : "Christ Himself condemns tolerance when He says, 'Who is not with Me is against Me.' And the peace of Christ is very easily reconciled with the sword which He has also brought, by which father is divided from son, brother from brother. The peace of Christ, and therewith that of the Church, goes hand in hand with truth and justice, not with error and immoral-ity; it goes hand in hand with unity, but not with division. For the preservation of unity this peace calls for the sword to separate brother from brother, in order that brother might not separate brother from the unity of the church." Such reasoning as this is an utter per-version of the teachings of Him who said : "The Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them." 