94 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY It is declared that "there is not a church-going man among the able men and statesmen whom our government has sent to represent and establish American civilization in the Philip-pines." This criticism implies that there is an especial obligation on the part of statesmen and governmental representatives to- "honor the Sabbath day" and "recognize the claims of re-ligion," and that there should be some sort of a religious test applied in the selection and appointment of men to service under the government. It is a manifestation in a mild way of the same old vicious assumption to which the church has always been proneŠthe as-sumption that the state should serve and promote the interests of the church. It is time that church people in this country were learning that they have exactly the same reason and right to expect honor for religious observances and regard for the claims of religion from public officials that they have from private individuals, and not one whit more. And they have no reason nor right whatever to expect such honor and regard from any one because he is a public official. To expect this of a public official as such is contrary alike ,to the principles of Americanism and of the Christian religion. The claims of religion are incumbent upon human souls, not upon governmental officials, and the church either does not know what her mission is or is disloyal to it when she concerns herself with governmental officials.  instead of with human souls. "We have heard from the church; we will now hear from the army," said ' Ex-Secretary of State John W. Foster, in presenting Gen. Nelson A. Miles, at the conclusion of an address by Car-dinal Gibbons at a mass-meeting under the auspices of the National Arbitra- tion Conference in Washington, onr January 12. The speaker probably in-tended nothing of the sort, but the-statement would seem to imply that "the church" and the army are co-ordinate national institutions, and goesŁ to justify the statement of a correspon-dent of a leading American newspa-per who wrote last spring : "I am in-clined to think that the state church:  [of the United States] is the Roman-Catholic Church at present." This. mass-meeting was addressed by six dis-tinguished men, and Cardinal Gibbons. was given the precedence, he being the-first speaker. In presenting him Chairman Foster said: "No man in this country can speak for a larger. constituency than he." This no doubt accounts largely for the great deference-that is shown him by statesmen and public men. The meeting had for its. special object the promotion of an ar-bitration treaty between the United States and England, and the cardinal spoke of the ties of friendship between the two nations that should preclude-war between them. In concluding this portion of his address, he said.: "In both nations the citizens enjoy the in-estimable blessings of civil and relig-ious liberty. Our respective govern-ments hold over us the egis of their-protection without interfering with us in our God-given rights of conscience!' We should be glad if we could feel as-sured that these nations have now and will have in the future the hearty and' genuine support of the ecclesiastical' system represented by the cardinal in securing to all their citizens the enjoy-ment of the inestimable Wssings of civil and religious liberty. But there-is nothing to warrant such an assur-ance. An interview published on January 4 in Mr. W. T. Stead's newspaper, The- 