EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 693 of religious freedom and violation of liberty of conscience. But we think this interpretation is justifiable ; if somewhat beyond the letter, it is cer-tainly not beyond the spirit, of the law. In concluding its comment the Free Press tells us that once in the United States, where "there is a law against stealing," "a newly-arrived immigrant was arrested for theft and sentenced to a term in prison, on which he ex-claimed: ' Vat ! I tought it vas one free country I come to.' " This was evidently intended to convey the idea that the law against useful, honest, orderly work and industry on Sunday is on a par with a law against stealing, and that one who thinks his rightful liberty means freedom to engage in useful, honest, orderly work and in-dustry on Sunday is on a par with the man who thinks liberty means freedom to steal. It is difficult to believe that there is not something seriously the matter with the intellect and moral sense of one who lets this idea have lodgment in his mind. There is a dif-ference between honest work and theft. From a communication sent to the editor of the Free Press by one of the seventh-day observers who was ar-rested for Sunday work, and which was printed in that paper on October 13, we quote the following as showing the position in the matter of these people against whom the Sunday law has been invoked: The manufacturer and employees who were summoned for working on Sunday belong to a body of people named Seventh-day Adventists. They hold that they should yield obedience to the law of the land on all points within its legitimate sphere, but when human laws conflict with the law of God, they are not careful in the matter. Now, the law of God saYs "six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work," as well as "the seventh day is the Sab-bath," but according to the magis- trate's decision "the law of IA. land" says the first day is the Sabbath, and no work must be done thereon. You will readily observe that there is dif-ficulty here for those who conscien-tiously believe that the law of God means just what it says. The law of a certain country once decreed that all peoples, nations and tongues, at a given time, should fall down and wor-ship a golden image which the king had set up. But the minority, although law-abiding citizens, refused to render obedience to a law which conflicted with the law of God. Do you see the parallel, Mr. Editor? Again, the law of the land makes Thanksgiving Day a legal holiday, just the same as it does the first day of the week, but who ever hears of a man being brought up in the police court for working upon that day? The question is wholly a religious one, and is outside the sphere of the state. God spake these words, "The seventh day is the Sabbath" and "six days shalt thou labor," and Seventh-day Adventists are only ob-serving a God-given command and ex-ercising a God-given right in so doing. The following sound and thoughtful ob- servations on the character and value of the sort of "Sabbath reform" which is so popular to-day with clergymen and religious unions and societies, and which furnishes a constantly increasing number of such incidents as are noted in our "Sunday Enforcement" depart-ment, are from the Sabbath Recorder (Seventh-day Baptist) : There has been considerable activity in small matters touching the enforce-ment of Sunday laws during the past summer, but one looks in vain for any discussion or any efforts at enforcement from the higher point of view. In Philadelphia and elsewhere the saloon influence has been a prominent source of this activity. This influence seeks to enforce the laws against other forms of business than liquor selling as a Worthless "Sabbath Reform" 