-THE RELIGION AND PUBLIC EDUCATION ISSUEŠII 751 the school question the Advocate comes over to agnostic ground, the only true American stand." It took advantage of the logic of the Advocate's position that "the state has no right to enforce Christian education upon children whose parents are opposed to it," to declare that it would now expect its support "in demanding that the Bible be excluded from the schools." An expression representative of the Jewish view of the Cardinal's utter-ance is this from an editorial writer on the American Israelite: The public school system of educa-tion may be imperfect ; so, too, is the parochial school system of education; so is every other system. But it is un-true, to use no stronger term, to say that the public schools are "vicious," and to declare that "they undermine the religion of our youth." The public schools have nothing to do with the religion of the youth, so they do not undermine it. It would not be a diffi cult matter to show that the men and  the women who have received their edu-cation in the parochial schools are no better in point of morality and perhaps are far worse than those who have their education at the public schools. When Cardinal Gibbons says, " We want our children to receive an education that not only will make them learned, but pious men and women," the people of this country will tell him that that is all right, but it is not the function of the public schools toy make pious men and women. It is the function of the church and the Sabbath schools to make pious men and women. It is the func-tion of the public school to teach the-secular branches. When he further-more says that "the religious and secu-lar education of our children cannot be divorced from each other without in-flicting a fatal wound upon the soul," he should be informed that they have been divorced all these years and the wound upon the soul has not been in-flicted. A wound would be inflicted which could never be healed up if an alliance were to be contracted be-tween the church and the state such as the Cardinal wants. "A fallacy underlies this phrase `teaching religion.' Strictly speaking, religion cannot be taught ; it can only be imparted. Religion is 'the life of God in the soul of man,' and life is not inculcated but inspired. The pedagogue can teach the Ten Commandments. But knowing the Ten Commandments is not religion. Reverence for God, respect for one's parents, honesty, chastity, truthfulness, a pure heartŠthese are religion; and these cannot be taught; they must be imparted. Strictly speak-ing, morality cannot be taught. Moral-ity is the practise of the duties of man toward his fellow-man. What those duties are can be taught ; but morality is not a knowledge of what duty isŠthat is ethics ; morality is a will to ful-fil those duties. Ł Teaching instructs the intellect ; but both morality and relig-ion have their secret in the will; and  it is only as the will is directed to reverence, purity, temperance, good will, that the child becomes either moral or religious." Genuine religious in-struction, therefore, is primarily not a matter of curriculum and catechetical instruction, and may be absent when these are present, as would be the case with "religious instruction" in state schools. "A teacher who is irreverent may teach that `God is a Spirit, infinite, eternal, and unchangeable in His being, wisdom, power, holiness, justice, good-ness and truth;" but an irreverent teacher cannot inspire reverence in his pupils. An unchaste teacher may teach the seventh commandment; but an un-chaste teacher cannot inspire the spirit of chastity in his pupils. Religion is a spirit, not to be taught but to be im-parted, and only he can impart it who possesses it." 