IMPORTANT TESTIMONY ON AN IMPORTANT MATTER .549 derive their just powers from the con-sent of the governed. . . . It is a dec-laration of principle which; in the stated form, fares ill under the microscope. Examined judicially, it is seen to be im-possible, since it violates the fundamen-al assumption of every stateÑthe as-sumption of power to determine what is best for the continuance of its own life. Examined historically, it is seen that no people has ever acknowledged it in prac-tise. Even the fathers who promulgated it could not entirely have meant it. Viewed in the light of the Federal Con-stitution, the State constitutions, and contemporary statutes, they meant some-thing very different. Had they been of an exacter turn of mind they would have written something different. . . . This absolute generalization regarding consent, disregarded by its formulators and practically disavowed by every state that has ever existed, is likely to gasp out its last breath in the pending campaign.ÑThe Independent, October 25, 1900. More Important Recent Testimony on an Im- portant Matter [The matter presented below should be sufficient to demonstrate that when it is said that a tremendous revolution has and is taking place in the United States that the statement is no idle and fantastic notion of shallow and partisan minds. Men of the first order of in-telligence, who have no selfish interest whatever.  to serve in the matter, see that a grave crisis has been reached in the history of the American nation. This is something that all persons should know and recognize, and therefore we present what is given below. The italicized portions are made so by us, not by the writers or speakers.ÑEDITOR.] From the "Atlantic Monthly" (Boston) for July THERE' has been a good deal said about the Declaration lately, and much more is likely to be said before the Philippine troubles are over. The past three months have thrown more light upon the essential character of our occu-pation of the Archipelago than the pre-ceding three years have done. . . . We have found out something at last. The knowledge is not very pleasant, but it sticks in the memory, and all the fire-crackers and fun of the glorious Fourth will not keep American citizens from. re-flecting that we are engaged, on that an-niversary, in subjugating a weaker peo-ple who are struggling, however blindly and cruelly, for that independence which  we once claimed as an 'inalienable right" for ourselves. For subjugation is the topic of the day; it is no longer a question of "expansion," or even of "imperialism."  It is plain enough now that we are holding the Philippines by physical force only, and that the brave and unselfish men we have sent there have been assigned to a task which is not only repellant to Americans, but bitterly resented by the supposed beneficiaries of our action. . . . Now that we have learned how the thing must be done, if it is to be done suc-cessfully, the Conscience of the country is ill at ease. It is neither necessary nor de-sirable to dwell on the fact that some of 