RELIGIOUS LIBERTY: ITS SCOPE AND FOUNDATION 669 passages, even in the Old Testament, which directly apply to. and enunciate this principle. But' it was when Christ came in the fulness of time to reveal the love and character of God to men, and to utter things which had "been kept secret from the foundation of the world," that this great truth was made most plain ; and it is back 1p to the "voice in Judea,. breaking day for the greatest epoch in the life of humanity," that men look for the origin of the truth of religious liberty in the world. When He came the world was dark through misapprehension of God ; it had reached the height of spiritual blind-ness and the depth of moral degrada-tion. Religion indeed overspread the earth, but, from the greatest blessing, it had through corruption andŁ aliena-tion from the spirit and principles of heaven, become the curse of mankind. Force in religion had become the almost unquestioned practise, and the union of Ł church and' state, of religion and civil government, was well-nigh universal. In that world and at that time came the voice in Judea, proclaiming a pure, spiritual, and universal religion Š a religion which by its very nature up-held and vindicated the freedom of the conscience of the individual. Then was the line drawn between the things of Caesar and the things of God ; then was it made known to men that the king-dom of heaven is not of the kingdoms of the earth ; that the law of the king-dom of heaven is love and not force. " My kingdom is not of this world; if my kingdom were of this world, then would' my servants fight." "Ye know that the princes of the Gentiles exer-cise dominion over them, and they that are great exercise authority upon them. But it shall not' be so among you; but whosoever shall be' great among you, let him be your minister ; and whoso- ever will be chief among. you,. let him be your servant: even as the,  Son of Man came not, to. be ministered unto. but .to  minister,. and to give Ł His: life a ransom for many:" "And one of the. company said unto Him, Master, speak to my brother, that, he divide' the in-heritance with me. And He said unto him, Man, who made me a judge or a divider over you? " "If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world. He that rejecteth me, and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him; the word that I have spoken, the same shall judge him in the last day." "Render therefore Łunto Caesar the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the things that are God's." These are the particular words of Jesus to which we turn for the truth of religious liberty; for the proof that human equality and the freedom of the conscience of the individual are cardi-nal principles of Christianity, and that force cannot serve the ends of the king-dom of heaven. But it seems to me that in all Christ's life, in all His teach-ings, in all His words, this truth is taught. It seems to me that the Sermon on the Mount is one grand lesson in religious liberty. There the soul and conscience of the individual was and is addressed';'religion was shown to be a thing of the conscience and life, a re-lation betwee,n the soul and the Author of righteousness ; and the way to what is indeed religious liberty was made plain. How vain, how futile, how repulsive in the light of that grand discourse is the idea of attempting to employ force in behalf or religion, of attempting to produce righteousness by outward pressure and constraint. I say that in the Sermon on the Mount the way to what is indeed relig-ious liberty is made plain. And with 