EDITORIAL 157 AGAIN our entire space is filled with matter pertaining to the Sunday-law question, and again we are obliged to omit much respecting this one matter that should appear. We regret that it is necessary to Ł do so, as some of the agitations and incidents will necessarily become somewhat old before mention can be made of them. It may be thought that too much space was given last week and this week to a single article. The articles are longer than should be printed, but we feel that just now, when the question of Sunday legislation is up in so many places, it is well to present articles which treat upon the subject in an adequate manner, even though one such article should fill the whole paper. In order to set forth fully and clearly what is involved in this legislation it is necessary to use considerable space. And we do not know of any phase of the Sun-day-law question that is more pertinent just now than that discussed in our lead-ing article this week. We are unable to give the name of the author of this ex-cellent matter. It is taken from a pam-phlet that is to be found in the Astor Library in New York, and which bears the imprint of " A. Spooner, Printer, Brooklyn, 1826." The pamphlet is one of the best treatises on Sunday legisla-tion that we have ever read, and bears this title : " The People's Rights Re-claimed : Being an Exposition of the Un-constitutionality of the Law of the State of New York Compelling the Observ-ance of a Religious Sabbath Day, and Erroneously Entitled ' An Act for Sup-pressing Immorality.' Addressed to the People of the State of New York." In opening his treatise, the author disclaims any intention to " advocate the sectarian tenets of any one denomination of Theol-ogists more than another," and says that he proposes to discuss the matter " as a just man, willing to award, to others rights equal to those I claim for myself,  and contending for the equal rights of all mankind." And his treatise makes good his words in this respect. The points which he undertakes to establish, and which he does establish with clear and unanswerable reasoning, are these : 1. " That the law in question violates the natural, inalienable and equal rights of man." 2. " That it contravenes the ex-press provisions of the constitution of this State." 3. " That it is inconsistent with the moral maxims and precepts of the re-ligous system on which it purports to be founded." The matter presented in this issue is not from the pamphlet prop-er, but from an appendix which was de-voted to a consideration of the " physical rest " argument for Sunday legislation. Although written more than seventy-five years ago, this matter could scarcely be better adapted to the Sunday question as it presents itself to-day if it had been prepared for this number of THE SEN-TINEL. It sets forth clearly the true prin-ciple which should control in the matter of legislative " protection in the right to rest from labor one day in the week," which is just now a live question. And certainly this writer does not take a rad-ical stand against " rest-day " legislation ; those who want more legislative protec-tion in this respect than he is willing to grant, want more than they should have. Nature is a better guide in the matter of rest and work than is the Sunday law or its supporters. w A deputation of clergymen and others representing the Anglican Church re-cently waited on the Minister of Educa-tion for Ontario in Toronto, and " asked that the voluntary schools be recognized as a part of the provincial educational system." This was of course a request for government support of the Anglican church schools. We are glad to note that "Mr. Harcourt gave a decidedly neg- 