Orn7RISTLIAR! 11132-27TY VOL. XVIII WASHINGTON, D. C., THURSDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1903. No. 43     Sunay Enforcement The chief sufferers Againt Sabbath- from Sunday legis- Keepers lation are of course those whose religious convictions re-quire them to observe another dayŁthan Sunday as the Sabbath. This places them in the position of active dissenters from the religious creed and practise which Sunday legislation sanctions and establishes, and makes them the natural objects of the intolerance which is em-bodied in such legislation. The enforce-ment of Sunday laws upon such per-sons, therefore, partakes more of the character of persecution and oppression because of non-conformity of religious Ł belief and practise than does such en-forcement upon those who do not ob-serve another day; at least the wrong is more apparent in such cases. We therefore give especial attention and prominence to instances of Sunday en-forcement against seventh-day observ-ers, three of which we now have to re-port. At London, Ontario, on Septem-ber 24, three Seventh-day Adventists, Frank Lane, Edward Wassell and Ed-ward McKone, employees in a health food factory operated by Seventh-day Adventists in that place, were arrested on the charge of working in the factory on Sunday, September 6. It seems that on complaint of persons who had in-terested themselves in the matter, offi-cers . had made several visits to the factory to secure evidence, and that the warrants were sworn out by Con-stable P. C. Crawford. The cases came up in the police court the next morn- ing, and the defendants pleaded not guilty to the charge of " profanation of the Lord's day." A lady stenog-rapher employed at the factory testi-fied that on the date named she was at the factory for a short time and saw McKone " sealing up packages of the health food," which was certainly not a, very disturbing proceeding. Mr. Robinson, the manager of the health food enterprise, voluntarily testified on behalf of the three employees that they did not deny working on the Sunday specified, but that " it should be under-stood that these men do not recognize the first day of the week As the Lord's day, and observe another day as such." Magistrate Love, in adjourning the cases to the next day, which was done on account of the absence of a witness for the prosecution, said that the point to be settled was of course the question as to whether it was legal to hold any day as the Lord's day." The court was oc-cupied most of the next day with the matter. " The crown closed its case with the examination of another em-ployee of the Health Food Company, and also the constable who laid the in-formation." The latter stated that when he visited the factory he "found things very quiet, though there was evidence of work having been done." At the conclusion of the case for the prosecution, Attorney Cowan, counsel for the defendants, moved to have the cases against Messrs. Lane and Wassell dismissed on the ground that no evi- 