SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 509 anen that others may see their good works .and glorify their Father in heaven. Their work is to turn men from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins, and an inheritance among them that are sanctified by faith that is in Christ. They are to show forth the praises of Him who has called them out of darkness into  His marvelous light. They are to reflect the bright beams of the Sun of Righteous-ness. Those composing the church are " a spectacle unto the world, and to angels, and to men." The duty of the church, therefore, is to " arise and shine." This, in brief, is the church, its origin, its object and its work. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must he a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. It was reported recently from Roches-ter, Ind., that " a movement is on foot to close all places of business on Sundays." " Everything will be closedŠlivery sta-bles, stores, cigar stands ; no hacks will be allowed to run and no papers can be sold." In New Richmond, Wis., on July 19, " churchgoers were shocked to see some of Contractor Huebner's men and teams at work on the paving operations." The mayor was at once seen regarding the matter, and he " marched down to the scene of sacrilegious activities and the work was immediately stopped." The city commissioners of Asbury Park, N. J., have decided "'that Sunday must be properly observed at the beach hereafter." " Everybody must shut up shop sharply at noon, including the bath-ing establishments." " Newsboys will not be allowed to shout their wares on the board walk Sundays," and " there will be no more Sunday yachting." At Burlington, Vt., on July 14, Eugene Stellato and L. Alfred were arraigned in the city court " under a statute originally enacted in 1787 which forbids selling merchandise on Sunday." " They plead- ed guilty and got the maximum sen-tence," which was $2 each and costs. " It is the intention of the authorities to close up all places doing business on Sun-day." On the strength of the prohibition in the Sunday law against the sale of goods on Sunday clergymen of Fort Erie, On-tario, recently called upon the chief of police to prevent the sale of newspapers on Sunday. After consulting an attor-ney to see if the law covered the matter, the chief gave notice that " anyone selling newspapers on Sunday would be ar-rested." This was reported from Chelsea, Mass., on July 14: Four Revere photographers arrested by Chief Oakes yesterday pleaded guilty in the Chelsea court to-day to taking photographs on Sunday and were fined $50 each. One man was fined $25 additional on a second count. All appealed from the fine and were held for the Superior Court. The arrests were the outcome of a crusade to prevent the violation of the Sunday laws at Revere Beach, one of the most popular suburban summer resorts. At Windsor Locks, Conn., on July 18, " the selectmen caused notices to be served on the proprietors of drug and fruit stores, warning them to close their 