44 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. children are born savages." We are in-clined to believe that there is more truth in this theory than in that which holds that the human race began in savagery and has evolved through long periods of time away from its original condition. If the offspring of some of the best spec-imens of this evolution were placed from birth among savages there is little room for doubt that they would make as thorough savages as their associates. Some of them become such without the aid of such environment. Luxury, Pleasure, Corruption. In the first article in this number of The Sentinel attention is called to the fact that wealth and luxury are fast bringing loss of self-government and the consequent indulgence, in alarming de-gree, of appetite, passion and violence in the individual. It is also pointed out that this will certainly bring despotism in government. All this appears first in the great cities, and in some of them it has already made alarming progress, and perhaps in none more than in New York. Just preceding the recent election Walter Wellman, the well-known cor-respondent, wrote as follows to the Chicago Record-Herald: "It is not an exaggeration to say that Tammany's rule has been a disgraceful one. There is only one thing that can be said in favor of Tammany, and that is that it does not steal. In this one respect it is better than the Republican rule which has fastened itself upon Phila-delphia. In the City of Brotherly Love the gang both steals and blackmails. Tammany confines itself to the latter. "But what a blackmailer it is ! Nothing escapes it. The business of blackmailing is as well organized as are the affairs of Chicago and Northwstern Railway  or those of Armour & Co. or any other big industrial concern. It is a perfect system of blackmailing to which nothing is too big or too small. Tammany takes the dirty wad of the scarlet woman, the redolent roll of the gambling-house, the dime of the peanut vender, the $io or $20 note of the respectable merchant who wants the privilege of infringing the sidewalk ordinance with his trucks and bales and barrels, the periodical hush-money of the thief, the big 'con-tribution' of the franchise grabbers and the corporations who are willing to pay to be let alone. "Blackmailing was never before practiced on such a large scale, never before brought to such a science. There is no secret about it, either: No one denies it. "The saddest part of it all is that so far as a considerable share of the people of New York are concerned they appear to like it. They want their town run that way. Their perceptions of civic decency have become so blunted that they think this the proper way to run a city. I should hesitate to say that a. majority take this view. It is not as bad as that. But it is bad enough. New York is rolling in money. It is the most luxu-rious place in the world. More money is spent here for pleasure than in Paris or London. Pleasure is the business, so to speak, of a surprisingly large per-centage of the people. Other pleasure-seekers are attracted from all parts of the country. The many thousands of people who like this sort of things, and the many thousands more who make money out of it, do not want any change. They want the 'wide open town' because that is the sort of town that 'makes business good.' They admit it is some-what annoying to be compelled to divide 