180 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY service is not necessary to a nation's well-being, even from a military stand-point. He says that the South African war demonstrates that the essence of military success is not in numbers or tactical training, but in the moraleŠthe spirit and attitude of mindŠof the men who fight. In others words the profes-sional soldier may be of less assistance to his country from a purely military standpoint in time of war than is the man who is called from the field or the fac-tory to serve in the army. And it fol-lows from this that a vast standing army may not be the best military protection that a nation can have. That country is strongest, even in the military sense, which is so just that it has the respect and devotion of all its people. The man who loves his country because of its freedom and its justice is by far a greater bulwark to it than the man who is simply a soldier. A telegram from Mexico, Mo., under date of January 5, stated that "a move-ment is on foot to raise by public sub-scription the $20 to pay the fines of Got-leib Winzer, convicted of working on his farm, near Littleby church, on the Sab-bath. Winzer must appear at the com-ing term of court and settle the fines. He is paroled for twelve months, with the distinct understanding that if he un-dertakes to work on the Sabbath he will be lodged in jail." This is the case to which we have called attention before. This movement to raise by public sub-scription the money to pay the fine and costs imposed upon Mr. Winzer is an-other evidence that the common sense of common people does not allow them to look upon Sunday labor as a crime. Mr. William T. Stead, of London, de-clares that "the advent of the United  States of America as the greatest of world-powers is the greatest political, social and economical phenomenon of our times." He predicts the "American-ization of the world." If, as a result of the United States becoming "the great-est of world-powers," the world is Amer-icanized in the true sense, then Mr. Stead has rightly characterized this event. If, on the other hand, it means the world-lization of AmericaŠa practical repudia-tion of republicanism and an adoption of the principles of monarchismŠas many thoughtful people are led to believe, then the event is no augury of true great-ness or glory for mankind. But in either case the event is of great importance, and deserves the serious consideration of thoughtful people. In his annual report, Herbert Putnam, the librarian of Congress, makes a strong plea for the opening of the na-tional library for a limited time on Sun-days. He says that the wisdom of Sun-day opening has passed beyond contro-versy. The Corcoran Art Gallery has been open to the public on Sunday af-ternoons since about two years ago, but the Zoological Park is the only Govern-ment institution that is open on Sun-days. While there is a strong.desire for the opening of the Congressional Li-brary on Sundays, it is stated that "there is no indications that Congress will yield to the popular demand." The people who are so sure that Sun-day observance is an American institu-tion, and that the opening of saloons on Sunday would mean the destruction of that institution, would find it difficult to explain wherein the saloon is not as much an American institution as is the "American Sabbath." 