EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 677 Ł Ł any of his persecutors, the object of the State in the matter is simply to enforce the Sabbath law." " Simply to en- force the Sabbath law " of the State weans persecution for men who observe the Sabbath law of God. That seems strange, but. it is a fact. It shows what comes of man's undertaking to enforce what God has never authorized any-body to enforce. The third case is an-other in Canada, and, like the one in Ontario, was very properly made the occasion for raising the question as to what day is the Lord's day. The account of it written by a Seventh-day Adventist to a denominational paper published in Manitoba is worth print- ing: I write you a short account of the case of one of our German brethren, Brother Gebennus, here in Leduc, Al-berta. July 11, in the afternoon, the police came to Brother Gebennus's home and handed him a warrant to ap-pear before the justice of the peace at 8 o'clock that evening. He went as requested. The judge then told him that he had a complaint against him filed because he had worked on the Lord's day, Jiily 5. The judge asked our brother if he was guilty of the charge. Brother Gebennus replied that he was innocent, that he did not work pn the Lord's day, because that was a holy day and a rest day. Then the judge asked the first witness if he had seen this man at work on the Lord's day, July 5. He answered : "Yes ; as I was passing his shop I saw that he had a red hot iron on his anvil, and worked on it." The second witness was asked if he had seen Mr. Gebennus at work on the day in 'question. He said that he heard him working as he passed his shop on that day. The third witness was asked the same question, and his reply was, "Yes, as I passed his shop on July 5 I saw him at work." The judge then asked our brother if he had anything else to say, and he an-swered as follows : " In reference to the witnesses, I would like to say some thing. I have no window on the side  of my shop that the first witness passed, so how could he see me working? The second man said he heard me at work, while the third man said that he saw me work, while, in fact, I stood out in the road and talked with him, and if I had been at work he could not have seen me. I thought that a witness could only tell what he saw himself. Further, I wish to say that the 5th of July, on which I am accused of working on the Lord's day, is not the Lord's day at all, but the first day of the week. The seventh day of the week is the Lord's day, as the Bible says." After this the law book was held before our brother, and read to him where it says, " no public work shall be done on the Lord's day, and [there shall be] no respect to denominations whatever." Brother Gebennus then said : " When I came here to be a citizen in this coun-try a few years ago I was obliged by the laws of this country to kiss the Bible. I understood by that that as a citizen I was to live according to that book. Now, why do you not judge me by that same book that you had me kiss? The Bible says, The seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God,' and I keep that day as it says and work six days, as it also commands. You take another book and say that the first day of the week is the Lord's day, so that gives me only five days to work." After this he was asked to choose whether he wanted, ten days in prison or would pay his fine of $11.70. He said he would take the first, but his wife wept so much, and because of the work in his blacksmith shop, he finally paid the fine, one dollar being remitted. The judge told him if he appeared be-fore the court again for the same reason he would be. fined $100. The Sunday law in Alberta gives no respect to any denomination. To me it looks strange that the whole world believes the Bible, and sends men out to preach it, too ; then when a man repents and begins to live according to this very Bible, they take another law book, and judge him guilty of offense. This is more than I can understand. And no wonder. Ordinarily it would not be in place to use the Bible as an 