262 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY regarded by the leading Catholic paper of Philadelphia as an attack upon " the Church." Such " attacks " evidence the fact that Romanism has an exceedingly week-kneed opposition to face to-day. O In an agitation on a short time ago in Red Bluff, Cal., an advocate of Sunday closing disavowed any religious motive, saying that the demand was " for a cor-poreal rest-day," and that " religious feel-ing should not be lugged into the agita-tion." But he soon demonstrated that the religious feature could not be elimi-nated from the matter by proceeding to argue that " Sunday has been selected as the one day of the week for rest for the reason that it is the day observed for religious devotion by a great majority of the American people." It was reported from Syracuse, N. Y., late in March that the retail clerks' asso-ciation of that city was " using every effort to have the bill of Assemblyman Finch, of New York, prohibiting the opening of stores and the sale of goods on Sunday, passed." One of the things it proposed to do was to send " a copy Of the bill to every labor organization in the State, with the request that it be endorsed!' Sunday enforcement is more and more enlisting in its support the power of organized labor. Rev. Harry Knowles, a Methodist clergyman of Duluth, Minn., who gained considerable notoriety last summer as an opponent of Sunday baseball playing, is out with the declaration that " profes-sional games on Sunday will not be tol-erated " in and near that city during the coming season. If this threat is made good the enforcement of a religious ob-servance will be tolerated instead. In the choice between the two wise people will much prefer to " tolerate " Sunday ball playing. " President Roosevelt is a stickler for observing the Sabbath, and will spend the day most quietly in this city," said the Sioux Falls (S. Dak.) Leader of March 24 in correcting a previous state-ment to the effect that " the President during his visit to Sioux Falls would address the school children at the audito-rium on Sunday afternoon." It was hoped that the President could speak to the children before his departure on Mon-day. It would seem that the President has become more particular with regard to Sunday observance than he was last summer at Oyster Bay or in the fall at Chattanooga. But perhaps he regards business of state and politics and the reviewing of troops on Sunday as in keeping with the proper observance of the day, even though talking to children may not be. 4 We learn from the Freeman's Journal and Catholic Register of New York that " Cardinal Gibbons, of Baltimore, and Rev. Dr. D. J. Stafford, of St. Patrick's Church, Washington, called on President Roosevelt on March 19 by appointment. Cardinal Gibbons said the President de-sired to talk to him concerning some mat-ters which he was not at liberty to dis-close." 4 Ł One of the papal orators at one of the recent " jubilee " celebrations in this country declared that Leo XIII. was " one in whose veins ran the blood of the famous Rienzi, the last of the tribunes, the dreamer of a Roman republic." This is by no means the extent of the Papacy's connection with the former Rome. The Papacy is old Rome in another form. " The growth of the Roman Church in the United States is one of the most strik-ing facts in history," says Dr. S. D. Mc-Connell in the Booklover's Magazine for March. 