"LEST WE FORGET" 121 for the English bar under the patronage of Sir Edward Coke; but, influenced by the conviction that he was called to the ministry, he took orders in the Estab-lished Church. Expelled from that church by the bishops, on account of his Puritanical principles, he came to Boston in 1631. "Taught by persecution to examine how far human governments are author-ized to legislate for the human mind, and to bind its faculties by their de-cisions, Williams soon perceived that a course was pursued in America which he could not but condemn as repugnant to the rights of conscience. Regarding all intolerance as sinful, he maintained that `the doctrine of persecution for cause of conscience is most evidently and la-mentably contrary to the doctrine of Jesus Christ.' The law required the attendance of every man at public wor-ship; Williams pronounced this to be wrong, for to drag the unwilling to pub-lic worship looked like requiring hypoc-risy. Not less did he oppose the law that taxed all men for the support of a system of religious worship which some might dislike and consequently dis-approve. 'What !' exclaimed his antag-onists, 'is not the laborer worthy of his hire ?"Yes,' he replied, 'from them that hire him.' Public functionaries were to be taken only from among members of the church. Williams argued that, with like propriety, 'a doctor of physic, or a pilot' might be selected according to his skill in theology and his standing in the church. In the end Roger Williams was banished from the colony, and having retired to Narragansett Bay, there he became a Baptist, and founded what is now the State of Rhode Island. Abso-lute religious liberty was established there from the first. "The next case occurred in 1637, and ended in the expulsion of Wheel-wright, Anne Hutchinson, and Aspin- wall, who, although they held some very extravagant notions on certain points, would have been harmless persons had the only weapon employed against them been truth. "Testimony to the like effect is borne by the history of the colony in subsequent years. Since a particular form of wor-ship had become a part of the civil es-tablishment, irreligion was now to be punished as a civil offense. The state was [nominally] a model of Christ's kingdom on earth ; treason against the civil government was treason against Christ; and reciprocally, as the Gospel had the right paramount, blasphemy, or whatever a jury might call blasphemy, was the highest offense in the catalogue of crimes. To deny any book of the Old or New Testament to be the written and infallible word of God was punished by fine or by stripes, and in case of ob-stinacy, by exile or death. Absence from the ministry of the Word was punished by fine. Everything indicated that this union between church and state was op-erating in such a manner as rapidly to undermine the rights and principles of both. The Anabaptists were treated in some cases with great harshness, and when, in 1651, the Quakers made an at-tempt to establish themselves in the col-ony, they were expelled, and prohib-ited from returning upon pain of death Ša penalty actually inflicted on four of them who returned in contravention of this enactment." The men who framed the Constitution of the United States had not forgotten, this history, and wisely provided against its repetition. They dissevered the gov-ernment from all organic connection with the religion of the people. They declared that "Congress shall make no law re-specting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ;" and that "no religious test shall ever be required as a qualification to any office 