in all ages and in almost every country, been made, in a greater or less degree, a slave and a machine; been shackled in his faculties, and degraded into a tool of others' wills and passions. There is no crime that has not been perpetrated for the strange pleasure of treading men under foot, of fastening chains on the body and mind. The strongest ties of nature have been rent asunder, her holiest feelings smothered, parents, children, brothers murdered, to secure do-minion over man. The people have now been robbed of the necessaries of life, and now driven to the field of slaughter like flocks of sheep, to make one 'non the master of millions. Through this passion, government, ordained by God to defend the weak against the strong, to exalt right above might, has throughout all history been the great wrong-doer. Its crimes have thrown those of private men into the shade. The passion for dominion has inflicted more terrible evils upon the human family than all others." The power of this passion is the power of self-aggran-dizement, of force, of despotism, of the Devil. The supreme manifestations in the world of these two opposite spirits are indicated by our frontispiece. The supreme manifestation of the spirit of self-sacrifice, of service, of love, of moral power, is seen in Him who "came not to be ministered unto, but to minister, and to give His life a ransom for many." It is seen in Him "who, being in the form of God, thought it not robbery ["did not think it a matter to be earnestly desired"] to be equal with God; but made Himself of no reputation ["emptied Himself"], and took upon Him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men; and being found in fashion as a man, He humbled Him-self, and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross." It is seen in Him who, "though He was rich," for the sake of others "became poor," that they "through His poverty might be rich." It is seen in Him who, being divine, for the sake of others became human as they were; who, being the Son of God and of the nature of God, for the sake of others became forever the Son of Man and of the nature of man; who, being the Prince of heaven, for the sake of others voluntarily laid aside His glory and majesty and became the lowliest of the sons of earth, in whom was no comeliness nor beauty that men should desire Him when, they looked upon Him; who, being sinless and guiltless, willingly bore the sin of many and was numbered with the transgressors; who, being possessed with immortal life, for the sake of others voluntarily poured out His soul unto death. It is seen in Him who gave up allŠeven HimselfŠfor the sake of others. The supreme manifestation of the spirit of self-exaltation, of the power of despotism and force, the world has seen in the PapacyŠthe system which claims to be the representative, and only representative, of Jesus Christ on earth, and which at the same time is the legitimate and boasted successor of what was the most furious and crushing political despotism that the world has knownŠ"the sublimest incarnation of power, and a monument the mightiest of greatness built by human hands, which has upon this planet been suffered to appear." The Papacy has been diverse from all other despotisms in the exercise of coercive dominion in that it has exer-cised that dominion as the rule of the Prince of Peace Himself. Voluntes could be written upon this point, but space forbids more here. It is sufficient to say that in the Papacy that which was the supreme manifestation of the spirit of self-sacrifice has by some infernal process been made to serve the ends of the spirit of self-exaltation. They who will look into this matter can see for themselves. In conclusion we quote the words written by another as he looked back at the history of the despotism of the Papacy: "We know not a stronger proof of the intenseness and nefariousness of the love of power than the fact of its having virtually abro-gated Christianity, and even turned into an engine of dominion a revelation which breathes throughout the spirit of freedom, proclaims the essential equality of the human race, and directs its most solemn denunciations against the passion for rule and empire." 