EDITORIAL  115 tution which The Outlook has maintained ever since the treaty of peace with Spain," and declares that the perplexity that has arisen in the public mind over these decisions can easily be avoided if all "will bear in mind the simple and fundamental distinction between territory belonging to the United States and terri-tory constituting a part of the United States ; or, to state it differently, be-tween subjects of the United States and citizens of the United States." Exactly ! But, strange as it may seem, there are some Americans who do not want to bear in mind any such distinctions as these. They know perfectly well that when the time comes that among people who live under the authority of the American Government the distinction of subjects and citizens is made that the United States is no longer a republican government; hence their slowness to bear in mind this distinction which The Outlook says is so "simple and fundamental." Rather than accept this distinction and all that it implies some Americans would prefer never to under-stand the decisions of the Supreme Court. But there can be no doubt that The Outlook is right. In order to understand these decisions it is necessary to bear in mind the distinction between subjects and citizens of the United States ; and this fact is one of most significant and far-reaching import, and one that it behooves all persons to bear in mind. A "Sabbath" enforcement journal that is constantly proclaiming its de-sire to save the "poor workingman" from the "slavery" of Sunday toil, and to pro-vide for him by legislation a day for rest and recreation, complains that "there are men who spend two hours regularly in  reading the Sunday newspapers, but never have time to go to church," and says that the workingman should use "his Sundays properlyÑnot as holidays, in sports, games and amusements, but in the home, in attendance upon the church and other helpful gatherings, and in the higher pleasures and privileges of the children of God." The question for workingmen to ask themselves with ref-erence to their Sunday enforcement friends is, Are we willing to be forced by legislation into the higher pleas-ures and privileges of the children of God? Or rather, Are we willing that the attempt should be made to force us into these things? If they are not, then it will be well to get along without the proffered help of the Sunday enforce-ment advocates, for their work leads di-rectly to just this thing. Christian Citizenship Christian citizenship is a grand truth. The citizenship of the Christian is in heaven ; the King of heaven is his King, and the law of heaven is his law. There-fore for the promotion of the cause of Christian citizenship efforts should be made in accordance with the laws of heaven, and appeal should be made to the King of heaven. The rulers and kings and presidents of this world have to do with the citizenship of this world, but they have nothing whatever to do with Christian citizenship in their character as rulers. Christian citizenship is abso-lutely independent of the potentates of this world, and with regard to it a ruler of this world has no more to do, and perhaps not as much, as the very poorest and humblest of human beings. Ire the light of these truths there is something very strange in certain dis-patches that have been published in the 