THE "JEROME BILL" AND THE OPPOSITION TO IT 267 tenor was declared by Mr. Hubbell, who " cited the fact that all religious denomi-nations, including the Roman Catholic, were a unit in opposing Sunday open-ing." In trying to make this attitude of the Catholic Church as effective as possible in this particular fight " for the Sabbath," Mr. Hubbell declared that " the majority of saloon-keepers and patrons of saloons were Roman Catholics," and that " the appeal which comes from them for Sun-day opening is in direct contradiction to the teachings of that church, which is full of noble men and women." This got him into a little unexpected difficulty, for Senator Foley at once took exception to the statement that the majority of saloon-keepers and patrons of saloons were Roman Catholics, but on being as-sured that what had been said was " with-out any intention to reflect in any way on the Catholic Church," he allowed the matter to pass. The clergymen had the entire hearing to themselves, for, much to their disgust, District Attorney Jerome did not put in an appearance, but sent a telegram saying he understood there was to be another hearing a week later and that he would appear then to speak in favor of the bill. It had not been the purpose of the committee of legislators having the matter in charge to have an-other hearing, but to accommodate Mr. Jerome it was decided to have a final hearing on the matter on the 24th. The clergymen regarded this as " an imposi-tion," as it would necessitate their making the trip to the capital and doing their speaking all over again, or else leaving Mr. Jerome and the supporters of the bill to have their own way at the final hearing. They must have concluded that the latter alternative was unsafe, for a number of them were present and again spoke in opposition to the bill. This second hearing was held in the senate chamber before a committee from each branch of the legislature, and drew a  large crowd. Mr. Jerome spoke for more than an hour in favor of his bill. He said that there were in New York City to-day 12,546 licensed places for the sale of liquor, and that careful inquiry had convinced him that more than 8,0oo of these places were open and doing busi-ness every Sunday ; that every saloon in New York could be closed for a few Sundays, but not permanently ; that a majority of the people did not regard the sale of liquor on Sunday as a crime or even as an evil, and that any adminis-tration which undertook to enforce the law would "go out of office as surely as the election is held." He thought the present policy of " liberal interpretation and enforcement " was wrong and de-moralizing, and that it was " better to modify the law than to wink at its viola-tion." He declared that to the law was largely due the fact that " blackmail and corruption exist under the purity and holiness of the Low administration." If he could of his own will prohibit the sale of liquor (on Sunday) he would do so, but he objected " to the existence of an unenforceable law which brings with it unlimited corruption and blackmail." He said his bill was not a Sunday-opening bill, but a Sunday-closing bill, in that it would limit the traffic which now goes on all day by the permission of the police to a portion of the day ; the liquor dealers' associations of the city had pledged them-selves that if the bill became a law no selling would be done on Sunday except during the hours specified. He said that one-tenth of the misdemeanors in New York are excise violations, but that such was public sentiment that it was prac-tically impossible to get juries to convict for Sunday selling. In 2,000 arrests made in New York for Sunday selling "200 are held and barely fifty convicted." He declared that when the law permits such institutions as the " Raines-law hotels " (which he said had been brought 