EDITORIAL 3 of Sunday enforcement in Massachusetts should take notice of the fact that even the painting of a barn on Sunday by a seventh-day observer is not an offense under the statutes of that State, and since they are such sticklers for legality and law and order," they should be careful to walk according to the law in this par-ticular. Ł Dr. David G. Wylie and Col. A. P. Ketchum, constituting a committee rep-resenting the New York Presbytery, are "keeping an eye on the Sunday afternoon concerts " that are being given in the public schools of New York City. They reported at a meeting of the Woman's National Sabbath Alliance, at which the matter was considered recently, that for the present it is best " to maintain merely an attitude of observation." The news-paper report says they declared that " un-less the programs should assume a char-acter more distinctly indicative of clerical control, they would hesitate to criticise the concerts." This is very peculiar. Do these gentlemen really mean to convey the idea that they are opposed to " clerical control " in this matter of Sunday con- certs, to which they are giving such care- . ful attention? We do not believe they are, whatever may be the idea they wish to convey. However much others may fail to see it, keen Roman Catholic observers are not blind to the fact that the negotiations now taking place at Manila between a representative of the American Govern-ment and an " official " and " duly ac-credited representative of the Holy See," Ł mark a very significant gain for the Pa- pacy in that line which is her great specialtyŠthe domination of the civil power by " the Church." The Tablet, the leading Roman Catholic organ in Eng-land, is credited with these words : A fact of capital importance in the present  position of Monsignor Guidi in the Philippines seems not to have attracted the attention it de-serves. In the United States and Canada the apostolic delegates are not recognized in their official capacity by the governments of these countries, but the Philippine government ex-pressly recognizes the official character of Monsignor Guidi, and has pledged itself, over Mr. Taft's signature, to treat with him as a duly accredited representative of the Holy See. It is hardly necessary to comment on the significance of this fact. This matter should certainly have all the attention given to it that it deserves, and it deserves considerable. :Ł The sad confusion into which reEgio-political reform work leads earnest re-ligious people is shown by some things that were said at the late meeting of the " Wisconsin Federation of Reforms," which is reported elsewhere. While claiming to be relying upon the power of the " great Arm," they are found ex-tolling the power of the " clenched fist " ; and while claiming to be relying upon the power of the Holy Spirit they are found advocating the power of federation and reaching out for the power of legislation. But as no man can serve two masters, neither can any man or company of people rely upon two utterly different sorts of power for the accomplishment of a given work. They will necessarily have to hold to the one and despise the other. If the great Arm of divine strength is regarded as insufficient with-out the " clenched fist " of human federa-tion, then trust is really placed entirely in the " clenched fist," however much may be said of the power of the great Arm. And if the power of the Holy Spirit is regarded as insufficient without the power of legislation in turning men into ways of righteousness, then trust is really placed entirely in legislation, how-ever much may be said of the power of the Holy Spirit. 44. If a report that was sent out some 