SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 719 deputy sheriff, who were evidently out on Sunday for the purpose of finding an opportunity to secure the $20 dollars allowed by the law for a conviction, and "were taken to Wells Hall and locked up, but were released on bail furnished by their father." "A movement to strictly enforce all Sunday-closing ordinances in exist-ence" is reported to have begun in Kansas City, Kan. On October 29 "a committee from the Merchants' Mutual Association called upon Mayor Gilbert aid asked him to assist them to have all stores, barber shops, fruit stands, etc., closed on Sunday." "The mayor told the committee to bring the matter before the council," and it was ex-pected that this would be done "at the next council meeting." Of course the religious forces have a hand in the matter. On the afternoon of November 1 there was to be held "a public meet-ing under the auspices of the Chelsea Law Enforcement League at the Chel-sea Congregational Church to discuss `the more general observance of the Sabbath.' " It was recently reported from Apple-ton, Wis., that "plans are being for-mulated for a crusade upon the Sun-day night theater and the keeping open of saloons on the Sabbath." Business men had been waited upon by "a com-mittee of clergymen and others with a view to ascertaining their opinion re-garding the contemplated action," with the result that "a considerable sum of money" had been "subscribed by various business men to be used in the prospective prosecution of offend-ers." "Legal aid in the procedure" was to be obtained, and it was "prob-able that an attorney from one of the larger cities of the State" would be engaged. "The crusade, it is stated by those interested, is not so much for the purpose of trying to increase church attendance as it is to enforce the Sunday observance laws, and to make the community thoroughly law-abiding." The St. Paul, Minn., grocers who are fighting the Sunday-closing law in the  courts have again met with a reverse. On November 2 Judge Jaggard of the district court quashed 'the writ of habeas corpus that had been sued out in the case of P. G. Hoffman, the test case, and "held the Sunday-closing law of 1903 to be good and valid." "Its title was found to be sufficient," and "the classification involved not so 'pal-pably arbitrary' as to justify the court in setting aside legislative action." The previous opinion of Judge Hine of the municipal court was pronounced "ad-mirable." Just preceding the render-ing of this last decision steps were taken by the smaller grocers to organize for the purpose of "fighting for their rights to the bitter end." They believe that the retail clerks have been induced to carry on their Sunday-closing cru-sade "by the proprietors of the larger stores in the down-town district where there is no occasion to keep open on Sunday," and that "the enforcement of the Sunday-closing law would com-pel the suburban grocer to go out of business." Therefore they are "get-ting stirred up in the matter, and will make a fight all along the line." They threaten "to boycott all union-made goods unless the retail clerks' union im-mediately puts an end to the fight against grocers who keep open Sun-days," and announce that henceforth.  "there will be no more pleading guilty when a grocer is arraigned in court to plead to a charge of violating the Sun-day-closing law," but "each one will demand a separate trial before a jury, and the cases will be carried to the higher courts if necessary." And "if the law is sustained in the higher courts there will be an effort to have some changes made in the law by the next State legislature." Meetings to perfect an organization and to prepare for the "fight" were called for November 5 and 6, and a committee had been ap-pointed "to see that every grocer who apposes the Sunday-closing law" wab in attendance. "The right to live according to one's own wish, with due regard to the com-fort and peace of others, is an inherent right, of which the minority cannot be deprived by the majority." 