654 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY trine with regard to the Sunday and Sab-bath question and all other religious questions. Ł An illustration of the readiness of those who are wedded to the Sunday en-forcement delusion to make any sort of compromise with the forces of evil in order to secure their darling object was recently afforded in Bay City, Mich. A "committee of one hundred," controlled by clergymen, was formed for the pur-pose of seeing that the laws regulating saloons were obeyed. Soon a carnival was held in the city, but the ministers, instead of looking carefully after the saloons at a time when they were sure to violate the law if they ever did, let it be known in advance that "the com-mittee had decided to let carnival week go by without restraint," and Rev. Mr. Herrick, spokesman for the committee, in a conference with the mayor informed him that "the liberal element would be given full sway as far as complaints by the committee of one hundred were con-cerned." "We decided that we would let this carnival go on just as people cared to run it," he was quoted as say-ing. "If anything is done it's up to the police authorities or other city and county authorities who should look after these things." But with all this went some-thing else which was not to be left to the authorities to look after. That was, "the line had to be drawn on Sunday open-ing." "This," Rev. Mr. Herrick said, "the committee will insist on, and they will see that that portion of the law is enforced if the police don't." It will be a long time before any such "reformers" accomplish anything in the way of genuine reform. Attention was called last month to the case of Geo. A. Bingham, a Toronto, Ont.. druggist, who had been arrested  and arraigned in the police court of that city on the charge of selling ice-cream soda on Sunday. The case was continued to July 21, when his attorney announced that no defense would be offered, but that his client would submit to conviction in the police court and take an appeal to the county judge at the next sitting of the Court of General Sessions. He also stated that while the appeal was pending Mr. Bingham would cease Sun-day selling. The magistrate imposed a fine of $20 and costs. A case against Mr. Bingham's clerk and two other cases against Mr. Bingham were allowed to stand adjourned until after the appeal has been heard. It had been expected that Mr. Bingham would attempt to defend himself in the police court on the ground that he sold the soda in the particular instance complained of as a medicine. To defeat this plea the Lord's-day (Sun-day) Alliance came to the assistance of the police inspector who had been push-ing the case, but evidently with the Al-liance at his back, and furnished a lawyer to conduct the prosecution and had sever-al physicians and druggists in attendance at court for the purpose of giving testimony against that offered by Mr. Bingham. But the appeal rendered these precautions unnecessary in that instance. Several druggists and restaurant keepers were fined $to and costs each a few days previous in the same police court for sel-ling ice-cream soda on Sunday. The Toronto Globe says that "in the light of these cases it would seem that the sale of such refreshments is illegal in terms of the Lord's-day Act, and that the To-ronto police are determined it must cease in the city." Ł The war over Sunday closing that has been raging for the last month or two between the journeymen and "boss" bar-bers of Jersey City, N. J., has been 