774 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY And, of course, there are others' be-sides Jews who suffer as he does in this respect, but it is only his case that we are considering here. And, lest there be any misunderstanding, we will say that the idea here is not that the Jews and other seventh-day observers are the only suf- ferers under Sunday legislation. Such legislation is in violation of the rights of every citizen, and is an attack upon "the inherent right" of every man "as a bread-winner," an unwarrantable restriction of every man's "opportunity to win a liveli-hood." But, of course, as can be readily seen, the injustice and oppression of the thing is especially felt by those whose consciences require them to observe some other day as the Sabbath than that which is decreed by the state. So one very important thing connected with the agitation among American Jews for the transfer from Sabbath observance to Sunday observance should bring very forcibly to the minds of American citi-zens the shameful fact that in the United States, in the one nation where perfect religious freedom is supposed to obtain, and from which so recently has gone forth a protest against the oppression of the Jews in Rumania, the Jews are being virtually compelled by law to forsake the Sabbath that they and their fathers have always observed,. and to adopt in its stead the "Christian Sabbath." Ł Porto Ricans and Filipinos Class-ed as Aliens THE status of the ten millions or more people who have recently come under the authority of the American Republic still remains "in the air," or rather it becomes more and more evident that that status is to be and is one of subjection and not citizenship. Very significant and note-worthy in this matter was an order sent out early in August by the Commission- er-General of Immigration to the collec-tors of customs, immigrant inspectors, Ł and other officials charged with the ad-ministration of the immigrant laws, and a decision rendered in the United States Circuit Court in New York on Octo-ber 8. The order with regard to immigrants, which was issued in pursuance of a rul-ing by the Secretary of the Treasury, in-formed those to whom it was addressed that "the provisions of the laws regulat-ing immigration, including those which' prescribe payment of the head tax, ap-ply to the residents and natives of Porto Rico and the Philippine Islands," and that "the citizens and residents of the said islands, therefore, should be admitted to the United States upon the same condi-tions and subject to the same examina-tions as are enforced against people from countries over which the 'United States claims no right of sovereignty whatever." Isabella Gonzales, a Porto Rican woman, was refused admittance to the country at New York very shortly after this order was issued. A writ of habeas corpus was at once obtained, al-leging that she was a citizen of the United States and unlawfully excluded. The matter was argued before Judge Lacombe in the United States Circuit Court, who dismissed the writ, holding that "the act of Congress fixing the civil rights of na-tive Porto Ricans has certainly not oper- ated to effect a naturalization of the pe- titioner as a citizen of the United States." Even such a journal as the New York Mail and Express feels that this condi- tion of affairs should not continue, and permits itself these observations in com-menting on the above decision : Legislation is much needed to establish the official status of the people of our island de-pendencies. Citizenship is denied to our Porto Rican brethren. . . . As matters stand the Porto Ricans enjoy our protection when they 