528  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY stores seems to be their principal object, and it is said that efforts "will be made to render it so that when a confectioner is caught a second time doing business on Sunday his fine will be increased." "Public sentiment has endorsed the clos-ing of the saloons, bitt does not approve of the latest move." Public sentiment is far more sensible in this instance than the clergymen. ¥3 A movement for "the enforcement of the Sunday laws as applicable to the butchers, grocers, dry goods and shoe dealers," etc., was recently inaugurated by the clerks' union in Holyoke, Mass. The first step was the taking of a "cen-sus" by which the name of the proprie-tor of every store in the city keeping open on Sunday was secured. This made a list of more than fifty names. "Ex-tracts from the laws will be published, and these violators notified to desist. If the practise is continued, prosecutions will follow." "The purpose of the agi-tation is to insure one day a week off for the clerks, as well as to enforce respect for the statutes." A number of boys en-gaged in playing ball were arrested on the Sunday the "census" was taken. They were lectured by the police justice and allowed to go. ¥> The purchase of milk and ice-cream and the reading of newspapers on Sun-day, and "all kinds of sports and out-of-door recreation on the Sabbath," were condemned at a recent meeting of the Scranton (Pa.) Sabbath (Sunday) Ob-servance Society. One member said he had not bought a drop of milk on Sun-day for eight years, and that "the man who does it is not living up to the true principles of Christianity." Another thought it was "an insult for a milkman to 'stop his wagon in front of a Chris-tian's door on Sunday." Another knew  of "many Christians who think nothing of sending little Annie for a quart of ice-cream on the Sabbath, if it's a hot day," and declared : "They'd ought to be ashamed to sin so before God." The Sunday newspaper was generally con-demned because of its "demoralizing ef-fect on Christians in distracting their at-tention from spiritual things and keeping them away from church." ¥ Twenty-seven boys were arrested on Sunday, May 25, in Hempstead, L. I., for playing ball, and were held by a jus-tice pn the charge that they "did unlaw-fully and knowingly violate Sec. 265 of the Penal Code of the State of New York, relating to public sports on the Sabbath day." By habeas corpus pro-ceedings one of the boys was taken be-fore Justice Gaynor, of the supreme court, Brooklyn, on June 4, who, in a formal opinion, discharged the prisoner on the ground that the complaint against him stated no offense in that it contained "no facts showing that the repose and re-ligious liberty of the community were in-terrupted." This, of course, disposed of the cases of all the boys. While the ha-beas corpus hearing was in progress Jus-tice Gaynor inquired of the prosecuting attorney : "Why don't you arrest men who are playing golf on Sundays, in-stead of grabbing small boys who are playing ball ?" Four churches ,yMethodist, Bresbyte-rian, Baptist and LutheranÑrecently pe-titioned the mayor of Nebraska City, Neb., to "use his authority towards the prevention of baseball games on the Sab-bath day within the regions over which his authority extends, since such prac-tises are against the spirit of the day and the laws of the State of Nebraska." Each of the four petitions was signed by the pastor of the church from which it came, 