538 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY press provisions of the constitution of this State. Thirdly, That it is inconsistent with the moral maxims and precepts of the religious system on which it purports to be founded. No religion can be true which up-holds " spiritual oppression and intoler-ance," for spiritual oppression and intol-erance are acts of cruelty and unchari-tableness. And no civil policy can be just which derogates from the equal rights of all mankind, for unequal laws are acts of injustice, and when their ob-jects or their effects are to constrain one portion of the community to violate their own conscientious religious opinions, or to conform to the religious sectarian ten-ets of others, they are justly denominated " acts of spiritual oppression and intoler-ance," and hence cannot be the emana- tion of a true religion or the result of a righteous civil policy. If, therefore, the act of the legislature of this [New York] State, entitled "An act for sup-pressing immorality," passed March 13, 1813,1  which forbids labor and recreation Šbusiness and pleasureŠon the first day of the week, as acts of immorality, shall in its object or effect be found on inves-tigation to coerce one portion of the com-munity, contrary to their own religious opinions, to conform to the religious sec-tarian tenets of others, I shall not hesitate to pronounce it an act of spiritual op-pression, intolerance and injusticeŠan nct incompatible with the natural, equal and inalienable rights of man, adverse to the express provisions of the political constitution of this State, and therefore one that cannot be the emanation of a true religion or the result of a righteous civil policy. By agreement Kendall, Mont., mer-chants " will close their stores all day on Sundays hereafter." A report from Seeleyville, Ind., says " a threat to enforce Sunday closing of saloons fell through when the saloonmen threatened to force all stores to close if the matter was pressed." The grocers' association of Duluth, Minn., recently appointed a committee " to look into the matter of Sunday selling." " It is the desire of the association that all groceries be closed on Sundays." Davenport makes a silent but eloquent answer to all the charges of wickedness that have been preferred against it by fining a man who sold a pair of socks on Sunday.ŠOskaloosa (Ia.) Herald. Disturbed by the news that " a man [presumably an American] living a short distance from town amused himself on Sunday by making repairs on his dwell- ing," the Saskatoon (Canada) Phenix declares that " both the Canadian law and the Canadian Sabbath are institutions which we cannot afford to cheapen, not-withstanding our liberality of feeling to-wards the stranger within our gates," and quotes the Carnduff Gazette thus: Canadians have nothing but welcome for the Americans. They are all right. But there is one thing that Canadians don't want, and won't have, and that is American disregard of the Sabbath. The Canadian law says six days shalt thou labor and do all that thou hast to do, but on the seventh day shalt thou not work. This lawŠbecause it is the lawŠhas got to be kept. We are no sour Sabbatarian who thinks the Almighty is enraged if a man happens to whistle on Sunday. As a newspaper we are called upon to discuss the theological aspect of the Christian Sabbath; but we stand for the day of rest. 1  The law was then altered, revised and re-enacted. A law similar in its principles and provisions was in existence before that time. [A law identical in its principles and very similar in its provisions has been in existence ever since in New York.ŠEnrrott.] 