246 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY hunting these hunters were fined any-thing "for hunting on Sunday." Ł The campaign for Sunday closing that was recently inaugurated in Montreal, Quebec, does not seem to have dampened the ardor of those small storekeepers who had previously petitioned the city council to repeal the by-law prohibiting the sale of newspapers, cigars, refresh-ments, etc., on Sunday. The Montreal Star reports that they have printed and are circulating a petition energetically protesting against the movement for clos-ing the small stores, and asking that the by-law in question be repealed without delay. It is said that the petition "is be-ing signed by thousands of electors." Ł The Binghamton (N. Y.) Repub-lican reports that at a recent weekly prayer meeting of the First Baptist church, of that city, "a petition, express-ing the voice of the church as against the Sunday opening of saloons in New York City, and asking the representatives in senate and assembly at Albany to oppose such change in the laws, was read and adopted." It is stated that in the course of the discussion one man dissented from the prevailing opinion, and "spoke of liberty of conscience, referring to the struggles of our forefathers, and the fact that you can't force people to be good." t State Senator McCabe, of Brooklyn, has introduced into the New York leg-islature a bill "so amending Section 265 of the Penal Code as to permit Sunday fishing in the bays, inlets, and salt water creeks of the south side of Long Island." Some opposition is manifested toward the bill on the ground that its passage "would result in bringing out from the city of New York hundreds of disorder- ly characters, as well as orderly persons, on Sundays to the villages of Freeport, Babylon, Bay Shore, Islip and other sub-urban resorts along the south side of Long Island, and disturb the rest and quiet and sanctity of the day." Ł Under the significant heading, "To Force Sunday Observance," the follow-ing dispatch from Gettysburg, Pa., ap-peared in the Philadelphia Public Ledger of February 13: "A meeting to stir up public spirit for the better ob-servance of the Sabbath, and especially the prevention of Sunday excursions to this place, was held to-night. The min-isterial association has been waging a fight along this line for several weeks, but has failed to have ordinances passed to that effect. The clergy have prepared a .petition, and say that if no action is taken on it by the council they will form a law and order society to see that the Sunday laws are enforced." The report comes from Zanesville, Ohio, that that city had its "first experi-ence with radical blue laws" on a recent Sunday. Candy and fruit stands and drug and tobacco stores were compelled to close, and the mayor and chief of po-lice notified the managers of the street railway company, the drivers of milk wagons, and the publishers of newspa-pers that they must all suspend business hereafter on Sunday. It is stated that "the citizens generally do not take kind-ly to the new order of things." It seems that the mayor was in favor of open sa-loons on Sunday, but the courts having ordered them closed, he was determined that all provisions of the law should be enforced. Ł Marcus Tannebaum, fifty-four years old, of 84 Suffolk Street, was arrested 