PUBLISHERS' PAGE 79,  772W 2eggiloeil OF CHEIST0A114 LIIZZ.R717 Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States dtivoted to the exposition and defense of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of Church and State. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matter at the New York 'Post-office. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard theliquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERTIS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Single copy, per year $1.00 six months  .50 " three months   .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.25 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. S or more copies to one address, one year  .7o Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Order, or Dr by Bank aft on New York. Make all Orders and *Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quaint-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in, a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate-the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be slue to give. both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application., Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO:, 11 West 20th Street, New York City. SOME who wished their subscriptions to be-gin with either Nos. 3 or 4 of the present volume were disappointed. The demand for these numbers was so great that our stock was exhausted before all the orders, received after our regular mailing day, could be filled. This will explain why some have not received as. early a number of THE SENTINEL as they per haps expected. THE last mail, before taking the copy for this issue" of THE SENTINEL to the printers, contained two very good testimonials for our new weekly form,, which we take pleasure in,  printing, Editor SENTINEL: I wish to express my ap- , preciation of the changes that have been made in THE SENTINEL. I' think that it will be more thoroughly read and can be more generally cir-culated than before. May the good work go, on. Enclosed please find my order. S. A. FARNSWORTH. Editor SENTINEL: I think I am in line with most of your subscribers when I express my sentiments in favor of the present form of THE SENTINEL. It is much more convenient to hand around, and coming oftener keeps one's own interest awake when it might otherwise become lax. Also, it is much easier to carry in the pocket, which appeals to many such as I who have to read as they run. I am much interested in the stirring developments of to-day, and I know of no better way of keeping watch of them than by reading THE SENTINEL, C. D. STONE. 4 Man dolle.,Gultar, Banjo and Zither Napo% Send ten cents silver tor a sample copy of THE CADENZA, Monthly Music Magazine. Each issue contain. new music worth 50 cents alone. tend to, day. O. L. rearms memo Co., 5 E. 14th St., N. Y. olty, VIOLIN 