SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 493 Ł forbidding the calling out of any wares -on the streets on the Lord's day, and the chief wishes it understood that the pro-visions of the law will be strictly en-forced." " Papers may be sold, but it must be done quietly, without calling out the names." The cigarmakers' union in Daven-port, Iowa, is taking a hand in the Sunday-closing movement in that city, but evidently prefers the boycott to the Sunday law as a means of securing Sun-day closing. These resolutions were adopted on July io : Resolved, That we, the cigarmakers of local, 172, of Davenport, do heartily endorse the ac-tion of the clerks' and barbers' unions in their efforts to obtain a shorter work day, but con-demn the enforcement of Sunday law by pro-secution, and we therefore ask all people not to patronize any store or shop kept open on Sunday; be it, Resolved, further, That any cigarmaker patronizing such store or shop will be fined five dollars for each offense. Burgess Geo. H. Custer, of Morton, Pa., issued this somewhat unique proc-lamation a few weeks ago : It being the duty of the State to furnish pro-tection to the citizens of this our Commonwealth and to protect our children, its future citizens, as well as to increase the morality and prosper-ity of our community, State laws have been passed making it a misdemeanor, punishable by law, to engage in worldly employment or business, hunting, fishing, or sports on the first day of the week, known to us as " Sun-day." Therefore I, chief burgess of the borough of Morton, do notify all business per-sons who are in the habit of keeping their stores open on Sunday, to refrain from doing so in the future, for in response to complaints already made to me, and in the cause of better moral borough government, the so-called Sun-day blue laws must and will be enforced Vio-lators of this law will be promptly prosecuted if sufficient evidence is furnished. Mr. Bernie Gustad, an electrician for the lighting plant in Sparta, Wis., was arrested on June 24 on complaint of one W. S. Melotte, who charged him " with performing unnecessary labor on the Sab-bath day." On being arraigned before a justice he pleaded not guilty, and the hearing of the case was set for a later date. The Sparta Democrat pronounced the prosecution " an unwise if not mali-cious proceeding," and said : The religiously inclined citizen may argue that the proceeding is just, but those who know the young man and take into consideration his position and circumstances, industriously striv-ing to build for himself a home, will have little sympathy with the prosecution of this Ł case. If Mr. Melotte would stop to consider that his pleasure in attending divine service on Sun-day evening is dependant upon the Sunday labor of other electricians for the same com-pany, he might be led to hold different views in this matter. Carry this prosecution (or better. persecution) to its logical conclusion, and we would have a city of darkness in perhaps more senses than one. The case of Mr. Chas. Schake, of Davenport, Iowa, who had been arrested at the instance of the clerks' union on an information charging him " with vio-lating the Sunday-closing law by selling a pair of suspenders and other articles in his shop," came to trial on July to. " The little court room was crowded to its utmost capacity, and the doors and win-dows were thronged with citizens who were eager to see the outcome of the case." The trial lasted several hours, and was marked by b;tter personalities be-tween the opposing counsel and repeated vents of opinion from spectators. " The sentiment of the audience was almost entirely with Mr Schake." At the con-clusion of the arguments of the attorneys the court dismissed the case on the ground that the evidence was insufficient and the information defective. The prose-cuting attorney received this decision in such a manner as to cause the judge to fine him $10 for contempt of court. The outcome of the case has somewhat non-plussed the clerks in their Sunday en-forcement crusade. 