'71-any man hear my coordtond believe not !judge him not"--nnm ch,nt 368 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY.  Ł remove the day from the sphere of human legislation. It is not the province of the state to enforce religious institutions. CHICAGO, JUNE 14, 1900. We still have on hand a limited supply of the first three numbers of the Sentinel issued from this office, dates May 10, 17 and 24. These are excellent for dis-tribution and to use as samples. While they last we ill fill orders for them in lots of twenty-five or more tc one address at one cent per copy. 4$ Religious legislation now generally takes the form of statutes requiring the observance of Sunday. The people are told that this is not religious legisla-tion, and that such statutes are designed "to pro-tect the workingman." The.fact, however, is that Sun-day laws are always and everywhere designed to pro-tect not the man but the day. That this is true is shown by the form of the charge against those who disregard the law; they are uniformly charged with "Sabbath breaking," "violating the Lord's day," "profaning the Sabbath," etc. 44  We devote considerable space this week to matter ber ring more or less directly upon the question of im-perialism. We do not do this from any political mo - tive, or for the benefit of any candidate or party, but because a vital principle is involved directly affecting the formation of individual character. It is said of man, "As he thinketh in his heart, so is he." Therefore it is not a matter of indifference what one thinks upon any question of vital principle. Just views of individual rights are conducive to a just ap-preciation of individual responsibility ; and to know and feel individual responsibility toward God is the very foundation of all right character. Wrong think ing is sure to react disastrously upon the character; therefore we should cherish right principles, whether our own liberties are involved directly or not. The, vital question with each individual is not so much, - What principle will the government cherish ? but, What principle shall I cherish? Je A religious institution does not become civil simply because recognized and enforced by civil statute. Prayers and sermons paid for by the State are not civil. Who ever read that a session of the Senate was opened by a "civil prayer," or the "civil services" are con-ducted on board a certain battle-ship every Sunday by"-the chaplain? 4$ The claim made in behalf of Sunday is that it is the Sabbath of the Lord, enjoined by the fourth command-ment of the decalogue. It has even been styled "the test of all religion." Dr. W. F. Crafts says concerning it : "Taking religion out of the day takes the rest out." While Joseph Cook, in one of his Boston Monday lec-tures, in 1887, said : "You will in vain endeavor to preserve Sunday as a day of rest, unless you preserve it as a day of worship." This claim alone should at once Exhaust all the arguments ever urged in behalf of "civil Sabbath" statutes and the fact remains that but for the supposedly sacred character of the day there would be no Sunday law. Nobody is required to ob-serve a purely civil day. Who ever heard of a law for-bidding anybody to do as he sees fit on the 22d of February, the 3oth of May, the 4th of July, loth of Sept.ember, or even upon Thanksgiving or Christmas ? All religious legislationŠlegislation touching re-ligious questionsŠis dangerous for the reason, if for no other, that it furnishes precedent for other similar measures. We do not see the reason for so much fear as is expressed touching the secularization of the "Ameri-can Sabbath." If the Sabbath is American, it will not be any less American when it is made wholly secular, for secular things are as truly American as anything can be. It will still be the "American Sabbath," and why should not every American institution be what the American people wish it to be ? With the "Sab-bath of the Lord," of course, the case is different; but that is no more American than it is German or French. Among the supporters of Sunday laws are always to be found those who are themselves persistent vio-laters of the lawŠthey want such statutes for others, not for themselves. Please Note the dateon the yellow label on your paper. If your subscription is about to expire, we shall be glad to re-ceive your renewal at once. It will save our cutting your name from our list, and you will avoid missing any of the numbers. Ł* 