638 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Italy, what is it for "the Church" to be erecting her cathedrals and institutions throughout the length and breadth of the United States, and for her prelates to be making themselves so conspicuous in Washington upon every possible occa-sion ? It is a poor rule that will not work both ways. There is one thing the Meth-odists have not done. They have not got-ten the government of Italy to despatch a commission to the United States to negotiate with a bishop, or the executive head of the denomination, concerning governmental business. They have not tried to insinuate themselves into the gov-ernmental affairs of Italy, nor to score some great "triumph" by getting a com-mission sent off to some other part of the world in recognition of the preposterous claims and assumptions of some ecclesi-astical organization. The whining of the Papacy is not a matter of principle; it is a matter of plain, undisguised selfishness. She wants everything herself, and if in the face of her own arrogant, unreasonable, and in-tolerant assumptions others receive that to which justice entitles them, she pre-tends that she has been greatly abused. It is no wonder that she has brought upon herself the vigorous enmity of Masonry, and it may be that in some instances it is persecution, as she claims, for they who are utterly selfish and intolerant are like-ly sooner or later to receive just what they give. A Lesson from Saratoga During the last month or so "life at gay Saratoga" has figured quite promi-nently in the newspapers. A chapter for which room has been found amidst the accounts of the gayety, pleasure, games, races, gambling, etc., is very sug-gestive in connection with the loud  claims that are made as to the superlative moral value of formal Sunday observ-ance. It presents a condition of things so truly typical of that which would widely obtain and would be virtually fostered by law if the Sunday-enforce-ment "reformers" could carry out their scheme for "reforming" society that we think it worth while to give a portion of it here. We quote from the New York Sun's Saratoga dispatch of August To : The peace and quiet of an American Sun-day  are over Saratoga. At less than sixty seconds after midnight this morning, the whirl of the roulette wheels ran out to still-ness, faro banks were closed and the rattle of the dice was hushed. The nation's day of rest had dawned, and the business of the town, the frivolities of fashion and the gaming thereof stopped as suddenly as if all the cur-rents of pleasure had been shut off by the pressing somewhere of an electric button. In Saratoga, now and always, not a wheel' is turned and not a card is dealt in a public gambling house for the twenty-four hours be-tween midnight on Saturday and Sunday. The townsfolk have always insisted that the stranger within their gates should observe the first day of the week by refraining from the sports of the secular clays. John Morrissey understood the spirit of the people of the town in which he built and operated his famous club and respected their wishes. The pro-prietor of every gambling house here since Morrissey's time has followed Morrissey's ex-ample, with the result that Sunday in Saratoga is like Sunday in a village of New England. And the proprietary gamblers will tell you that, altogether apart from the moral side of the question, this policy of a closed Sunday is a good business policy. They will tell you that it pays in more ways than one. They say that it pays to be good once a week. An effortŠnot much of a one, to be sure, but still an effortŠwas made here by one or two gamblers early in the summer to open on Sunday in defiance of public sentiment. The effort never got strong enough to be put out of business by the authorities. The men who tried to push it along sounded Mr. Canfield on the subject and he said: "Not only am I dead against any such prop-osition, but I will do all in my power to close any gambling house in this town which opens 