710  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY there can be no dispute. It is well known, too, that it was Saturday, and not Sunday, that was observed as the holy or sacred day from the time of Moses until after the time of Jesus Christ. This fact no Biblical scholar who has any regard for truth will attempt to deny. How happens it that the day that Chris-tians generally insist shall be the holy and the sacred day shall not be the day that Moses tells us that God set apart for rest and worship, and not the day that Jesus Christ so observed and kept until the day of his death? History tell us that some years after Christ's death some of his professed followers . . . who hated the Jews so intensely that they did not want to have the same holy or sacred day with them, and who seem to have imagined that they knew better than the Almighty as to what day of the week should be the holy and sacred day, and who seem to have thought that Jesus Christ had made a great mistake in observing Saturday as the holy day, came to-gether and overruled the Almighty, . . . and without further ado proceeded to change the holy day from Saturday to Sunday, and the Christians have refused from that day to this to let the Almighty have His own way as to the day on which He shall be worshipped and as to the day on which we shall recreate and rest. We defy any person on earth to show that either God or Jesus Christ ever authorized a change of the holy day from Saturday to Sun-day, and we defy any one to show that any man or any set of men after Christ's death had any more authority to make such a change than a lot of self-styled theologians in the year 1902 would have to get together and by a vote change the holy day to Wednesday or any other day of the week. As to the need of one day out of sevenÑwith plenty of holidays thrown inÑfor rest and recreation. all denominations and ologies are substantially agreed ; but the clergy might as well understand, first as last. that the masses of the people in this age of the world are not so stupid that they can be made to believe that SundayÑa man-made "holy" dayÑis really any more sacred than any other day; and if they really expect uc to believe anything they say on any other subject, they must stop tell-ing us things that we absolutely know are not true. It is a question whether there has been an increase of prosperity for the wage- earners during the past five years of great "prosperity" in the United States. Careful statistics show that while there has been such an advance in the prices of staple articles of necessity that it now re-quires $iox,000 to buy at wholesale the same stock of goods that could have been purchased in 1897 for $72,000, that the average wages have advanced scarcely one-half as much proportionately. There would be no question whatever that pros-perity has decidedly not come to the wage-earners, but for two things : The fact that the retail prices of staple arti-cles of necessity have as yet been affected but little by the great advance in whole-sale prices, and that now the "army of the unemployed" has employment. Ac-cording to Dun's Review the wholesale price of "breadstuffs" has almost doubled since 1897, meats have advanced more than one-half, and dairy and garden products have advanced more than forty per cent. But with the excep-tion of meats, there has been no very no-ticeable advance in the retail prices of any of these things and many others on which there has been a great advance in the wholesale price. But under present conditions retail prices are certain to ad-vance, though it may be but gradually, and unless wages advance correspond-ingly the wage-earners will be anything but prosperous as a result of "prosper- ity."  ¥ Since the article¥ on "A Rumor that Deserves Attention" was written another dispatch from Rome has appeared in the press stating that "it is rumored here that the Vatican has received from President Roosevelt an intimation that he would be personally pleased to see Archbishop Ireland created a cardinal as a reward for the services the Archbishop has rendered the Church and the United States." It was further stated that it 