SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 457 A dispatch from Cedar Falls, Iowa, under date of April 24, announced that "a joint committee representing the churches and the women's Christian asso-ciations will soon wait upon Mayor Rob-inson and the members of the city coun-cil and petition them to enforce the Sun-day-closing laws." The committee "will urge that the council order the cessation of business of every kind during the Sab-bath hours, and particularize that drug stores, restaurants, livery stables, cloth-ing stores, and in fact all stores of any kind and character, be forbidden to keep their doors open." It was not known what action the mayor and council would take in the matter. A communication signed by "Taxpay-er" has been published in the Grand Forks (N. Dak.) Herald calling at-tention to the fact that both State and city law "expressly forbid and provide for the punishment of Sabbath-break-ing" and forbid all kinds of traffic on Sunday. "Yet," the writer goes on to say, "we know that almost any article that can be bought during the week can be bought just as easily on the Sabbath day, and that some of the stores in our city make no pretense of closing on Sun-day." The communication concludes by calling upon the three candidates who are running for mayor to declare them-selves "on this question." The business men of Lawton, Mich., many of whom are Jews, are adhering strictly to the Sunday closing law, owing to the efforts of the Law and Order League of that place. Some time since the league sent a communication to every business man in the place notifying him of its purpose "to make complaint against the proprietors of all business places found unlawfully open on the first day of the week." It was stated that the  reasons for this action were "that the step is in the interest of morality," and "that existing law should be obeyed and enforced." It is understood that the Baptist minister of the place has been the leading spirit in the matter. The barbers' union of Manitowoc, Wis., is not relying upon the customary appeal to the law in its effort to secure complete Sunday closing of shops in that city. One barber has refused to join the union, and continues "to keep his shop open Sundays contrary to union regula-tions." In order to accomplish their ob-ject the barbers have adopted what is termed a novel plan, but certainly one that is not novel to "trust" operators. They have opened "a three-chair, first-class barber shop next door to Schweit-zer's place, where free shaves will be given every Sunday, the shop to be run by the different union barbers alterna-tively." It is believed that "in this way Schweitzer can be forced to capitulate." Ł At a recent meeting of the Minneapo-lis (Minn.) Retail Grocers' Asociation members called attention to the fact that a number of stores were being kept open a part of the day on Sunday. Strong resolutions were adopted. expressing "unqualified disapproval of the Sunday grocery store," and declaring that the association would "use every legitimate means at its command to secure the clos-ing of all grocery stores all day Sunday throughout the city." It was declared that no merchant would "find it either profitable or beneficial to his trade to keep open on the Sabbath day ; first, be-cause he is violating the laws of nature, and, second, because he will earn the op-probrium of all who regard this day as one of rest and necessary to right living." Although having secured the passage 