Ł WISCONSIN SUNDAY REST DAY ASSOCIATION CONVENTION 29 right of way. Sabbath desecration claims the right of way, and anything that stands in its way must be trampled under foot. But let us not put all of this onto the day laborers, for some of us are about as bad. Where do we stand in this matter? God has given us in New England victory after victory. Another class of the enemies of the Sabbath are the devotees of pleasure. We find them on wheels of pleasure going by the church door. We find them in the Sunday excursion trains. These are the people who are giving their money in the way of self-gratification, and yet who squeeze a nickel the longest when asked to give it to this work. They tell us they are members of the kingdom of heaven, but they cannot find time to trouble themselves over these things. I ask the man who is not willing to give something to these things if he is worthy to be a member of the family of heaven. One man came to me in New England and told me that there was nothing that could save the Sabbath, that these things have come to stay. But I told him that nothing had come to stay except the kingdom of Christ. When the Sabbath is overthrown Christ must get off from His throne. It would seem then that in the estima-tion of its promoters this work of "saving the Sabbath" by legislation and otherwise is really a work to keep Christ from be-ing taken "off from His throne" On the following Friday evening, in the Sev-enth-day Adventist church in Baraboo, the writer refuted the false and unjust charges of Dr. Kneeland against the "Saturday Sabbath-keepers." Circulars announcing the meeting were widely dis-tributed, and to those of the people of Baraboo who came to the meeting the writer showed that neither the Seventh-day Adventists nor any other body of "Saturday Sabbath-keepers" had "allied themselves with atheists, infidels, anarch-ists, and the lawless," and that the at-tempt to identify them with these classes sprang from the hatred that is felt for them by such men as Dr. Kneeland be-cause of their persistence in pointing out the anti-Christian character of the work of the advocates of Sunday enforcement. The discussion which followed the above address showed very clearly that those who are ready to prescribe to others in the matter of Sunday observance, and to use force in compelling others to follow their direction in the matter, are not agreed themselves as to what is proper Sunday observance The matter of riding on Sunday street-cars and reading Sun-day papers came to the front. Rev. Edmunds, of Milwaukee, said : It is very seldom that I ride on the Lord's day. More than once I have walked between the morning and the evening service from three to eight miles. In Milwaukee I have broken over the rules, because the distance I had to go was so great, and others did it, but I do not believe it is right. In my conscience before God I cannot do that thing. I don't allow my-self to buy Sunday morning papers, and I won't read the Sunday papers on week days. I will not allow myself to patronize a store where the Sunday paper is made a feature. Miss Lticy Page Gaston said she would make a confession. She "always used to walk and never took the steam or elec-tric cars, but lately my work has been all over in so many places that I find it necessary to take the cars in order to reach my places of meeting." She said she believed "that if God gives us our work in walking distance we should walk, but if not, then we should take some other means to get to it." But she wanted "light to know what to do." Rev. L. H. Keller thought "we may be pharisaical in the observance of the Sabbath," and de-livered himself thus on the matter : I think that the Sunday street-car in the city is a necessity. But the men on these cars should be given one-seventh of their time to rest. I do not take the Sunday paper. I asked sixty pastors if Sabbath desecration was in-creasing in their neighborhoods, and in what respect. Out of fifty-five answers only two ministers mentioned the Sunday paper. They must have considered it lost, or a necessity. At the beginning of the evening and last session two resolutions were reported by the committee on resolutions, and were 