THE BIBLE IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS 605 based. The doctrines of many ancient religions -entered into the formation of the laws under which we live, and the Christian religion -contains what is best and truest of them all. I quote from the supreme court of Ohio in the case of Board of Education of Cincinnati xis. Minor, 23 Ohio St. 247: The only foundationŠrather, the only excuse Šfor the proposition that Christianity is part -of the law of this country is the fact that it is a Christian country, and that its constitutions and laws are made by Christian people. And is not the very fact that those laws do not attempt to enforce Christianity, or to place it upon ex-ceptional or vantage ground, itself a strong evidence that they are the laws of a Christian people, and that their religion is the best and purest of religions? It is strong evidence that their religion is indeed a religion " without partiality," and therefore a religion " without hypocrisy." True Christianity asks no aid from the sword of civil authority. The Use of the Bible in the Schools a Sectarian Proceeding and Entails Sectarian Instruction This leaves us free to take up the question as to whether the use of the King James version of the Bible as a text-book in the public schools would be sectarian instruction within the mean-ing of the above provisions of the Constitu- tion and Code. We may approach the solu- tion of this question in two ways: First, if this version of the Bible represents and is the organ of any religious sect or society, then its teachings may be called sectarian. Second, if it contains within its pages the doctrines of a number of sects, then its teachings may be called sectarian. In the first place, the Christian religion is divided into two great branches, the Protestant and the Catholic. The members of either body consider themselves entitled to be called Chris-tians, but they each present the claims of a different version of the Bible which they be-lieve to be inspired. The King James version, with the Apocrypha excluded, is the Bible of the Protestant religion. In contradistinction to the Catholic version, which includes the Apocrypha, the King James version would necessarily be sectarian in its doctrines. A number of courts have defined the mean-ing of the word " sect." The supreme court of Nevada has held that the Catholics were a " sect," as distinguished from Protestants. The fact that they controlled St. Mary's School, which is a part or branch of the Nevada Or-phan Asylum, and introduced their religious exercises therein, made the Nevada Orphan Asylum a sectarian institution. I quote from the  opinion of the court in the case, State of Nevada vs. Hallock, supra : From all the preceding facts it seems to us that but one conclusion can be arrived at, which is, that the Nevada Orphan Asylum is a sectarian institution. Webster defines " sec-tarian " as follows: " Pertaining to a sect or sects; peculiar to a sect; bigotedly attached to the tenets and interests of a denomination." He also defines the word as "one of a party in religion which has separated itself from the established church, or which holds tenets dif-ferent from those of the prevailing denomi-nation in a kingdom or state," and it was argued by petitioner's counsel that the word was used in this sense in the Constitution. We do not think so. It was used in the popu-lar sense. A religious sect is a body or number of persons united in tenets, but constituting a distinct organization or party, by holding senti-ments or doctrines different from those of other sects or people. In the sense intended in the Constitution, every sect of that character is sectarian, and all members thereof are secta-rians. The framers of the Constitution un-doubtedly considered the Roman Catholic a sectarian church. (Const. Debates, 568 et seq.) The people understood it in the same sense when they ratified it. The case of State vs. District Board of School District No. 8, 76 Wis. 177, was a case decided under a provision of the Constitution relating to " sectarian instruction " similar to ours. In that case certain taxpayers prayed for a writ of mandate from the circuit court, compelling the school board to cause the teach-ers to discontinue the practise of reading daily to the pupils during school hours certain por-tions of the King James version of the Bible, selected by the teachers. The supreme court ordered the writ to issue. The opinion, in part, is as follows : This opinion will be confined quite closely to a discussion of the question whether the adop-tion of the Protestant, or King James, version of the Bible, or any version thereof, in the public schools in the city of Edgerton, as a text-book and the reading of selections there-from in those schools at the times and in the manner stated in the answer, is sectarian in-struction within the meaning of that term as used in Section 3. Article X, of the Consti-tution, which ordains that no sectarian instruc-tion shall be allowed in the district schools of this State. . . . It should here be said that the term " religious sect " is understood as applying to people believing in the same religious doc-trines, who are more or less closely associated or organized to advance such doctrines and in-crease the number of believers therein. The doctrines of one of these sects which are not common to all the others are sectarian; and the term " sectarian " is, we think, used in that sense in the Constitution. . . . That the reading from the Bible in the schools, although unaccompanied by any com-ment on the part of the teacher, is instruction 