Senator Hoar on Sunday LegislationÑA Review By the Editor SENATOR George F'. Hoar of Mas-sachusetts is recognized as one of the ablest and most upright public men in this country to-day. His utter-ances on public questions are usually marked by more than ordinary ability and intelligence, and by a regard for those higher considerations that are too often ignored by public men in their de-votion to the ways of expediency. Therefore the recent article by the Massachusetts senator on the subject of Sunday legislation will no doubt receive greater attention and carry greater weight than do most of the utterances on this subject. The high reputation which Senator Hoar enjoys makes it especially important that his attitude on this sub-ject should be examined, and, as we be-lieve, opposed and refuted. The article to which we refer was en-titled "The Civic Basis of Sunday Laws," and was published in The Defender, the organ of the New England Sabbath Protective League, of which Senator Hoar is written down as president. We say written down, because we recognize the fact that while the name of Senator Hoar stands at the head of this muchly-officered organization, that, like the names of many other famous people which appear in its lists of "vice-presi-dents," "directors," "committees," etc., his name in this position does not sig-nify all that it might. What is signified is that these people are willing that their names should be used by those who are the real promoters and controllers of this organization, rather than that they them- selves are actively engaged in its work as their official positions in the organization would indicate. But to return to the ar-ticle in question. It is to the credit of Senator Hoar, and is in keeping with his reputation for intelligence and statesmanship, that in upholding Sunday legislation he seeks for it and attempts to establish it upon a basis that is consistent with the aims and purposes of civil legislation. Evidently his mind is too thoroughly imbued with the genius and essential principles of American institutions to countenance the appeals and arguments that overwhelm-ingly predominate in the language and literature of those who are chiefly inter-ested in Sunday legislation. He has nothing to say of "the claims of the Fourth Commandment," of "the sanctity of the Sabbath," the "necessity of pre-serving the Lord's day," the "require-ment of the Lord of the Sabbath," the "divine authority and universal and per-petual obligation of the Sabbath," the "divine appointment behind this ques-tion," the "sovereign rights of God over us," the necessity for a "suitable ex-pression of our Christianity in our funda-mental laws," etc., etc. He declares that "it is no good reason for maintaining our Sunday laws that it is believed by a large number, or even a large majority of the people, that to keep the Sabbath day holy is a divine command." This is unquestionably sound doctrine; a doctrine which not only accords with American principles of government, but with the divine principles of the Chris- 