44 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ing regular hours, but will be allowed to sell only newspapers and magazines." It.  was reported from Chicago on De-cember 26 that the retail clerks' union had added to its Sunday-closing "victo-ries" a "complete victory" in the matter of Christmas closing. Only one store, that of Stern & Co., failed to display clos-ing cards on the preceding day in har-mony with the mandate of the clerks' union, but "after the visit of Mr. Con-way, business agent of the union, to the store Wednesday afternoon, the propri-etor decided to close." The W. C. T. U. superintendent of "Sabbath observance" in Wessington Springs, S. Dak., has caused to be pub-lished in the Republican of that place "the law relative to Sabbath-breaking." Three sections from the State statutes, in which labor, sports, and selling are prohibited on Sunday, are presented. It is stated that "some of our citizens are violating the Sabbath law by hauling hay, loading and unloading their wagons, and some other things," and the law is presented "for the benefit of those who may be in ignorance of it." It is hoped by the su-perintendent "that a word to the wise may be sufficient." The mayor of Bloomfield, Mo., re-cently returned to the city council with his decided disapproval an ordinance that had been passed by that body " per-mitting the playing of baseball in the city park on Sunday." In his communi-cation of disapproval the mayor declared that he did " not believe it is right to per-mit such games on the Sabbath day to the offense and annoyance of an important element of our population," and that " I am not impressed with the argument that, even if it is wrong to play such games on Sunday, they should be allowed because  they keep the boys out of worse mis-chief," for, he observed, '" a compromise with wrong cannot be right " ! The New York Tribune of January 7 reported that "Woman's Christian Tem-perance Union members all over the State are alert to watch the action of Governor Odell in regard to the proposed bill for opening saloons on Sunday in the towns and villages, which measure is supported by the State Hotel Protective Associa-tion and will be introduced in the com-ing legislature." One member of the W. C. T. U. was quoted as saying that "our women are prepared to take up arms in defense of the Christian Sabbath," and were only waiting to see what Governor Odell would have to say on the subject in his annual message. The local W. C. T. U. organizations of New York State have just been re-quested by the superintendent of the "Sabbath Observance" department of the State organization to "obtain copies of the New York State Sabbath law and post them in as many conspicuous places as possible." It is the desire of the su-perintendent in this matter "that God's laws be upheld in town, State and nation," and she writes to her co-workers : "Let us by precept and example have `no fel-lowship with Sunday papers, train's, trades, or sports,' and in every possible way induce others to do the same." "Induce" is hardly the word to use if "every possible way" is to include the way that is provided by the New York State "Sabbath" law. A " report on Sabbath observance " presented to and adopted by a W. C. T. U. convention in session in New Bed-ford, Mass., on October 8, " stated that there had been many bills before the legislature of Massachusetts this year with a purpose to break down the Sab 