72  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the Author of the Sabbatic institution. It is not the design of the Creator that men should spend their time in idleness ; hence He commands them to work six days. Now, when the state steps in and prohibits them from doing so, it takes away a right granted by the Lord of all. Nor is that all. It interferes with their liberty to obtain the necessaries of life. Six days of labor are necessary to most men in order to properly provide for those who are dependent upon them. God has recognized this, and granted men the right to work six days. But Sunday legislation ignores this right, and seeks to prevent a certain class from doing so. This is clearly unjust. (5.) Sunday legislation leads to re-ligious persecution. It is an expression by one class of citizens that another class should, and must be religious, and that they must be religious according to the ideas of those who secure the legisla- tion. Of the results of this theory, John Stuart Mill makes the following truthful remark in his essay on "Lib-erty" : "The notion that it is one man's duty that another should be religious was the foundation of all the religious persecutions ever perpetrated, and if ad-mitted, would fully justify them." Law means force. The object of Sun-day laws is to compel men to keep Sun-day. Those who, from conscientious scruples, cannot do so are treated by their fellows as criminals. They are taken to the courts, prosecuted and fined. Thus they are deprived of their prop-erty or their liberty simply because they cannot agree with some of their neigh-bors on matters of religion. This is cruel; it is religious persecution. Thus we find that on every count Sunday legislation stands condemned. Sunday laws cannot make men love Sunday. The Christian Ideal of a Civil Government Bp M. C. Wilcox THERE is much that is called Chris-tian in these days of large profes-sions that will not bear the test of examination. Much is said of "Christian nations" and "Christian government" that is far wide of the mark set up by the Founder of the Christian religion. There are only two distinguishing principles of ChristianityÑnot institu-tions, ordinances, or observances, but principlesÑwhich can be applied to civil government, which, in fact, belong to the highest ideal of civil government, which are absolutely necessary to the best civil government. These principles are inherent in Christianity alone of all  the religions which earth has known, and in an outward way, apart from their in-herent life, are emphatically distinguish-ing characteristics of the religion of Christ. We do not mean that these principles are the only principles which distinguish Christianity from other religions, for they are not ; but they are the only dis-tinguishing principles which can prop-erly be applied to civil government. These principles are : i. The equal rights of all men. 2. The absolute freedom of choice. Every false religion of earth of any note has had its mitred priests, its 