406 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Philippines an American IrelandŠan Ireland consumed with hatred for us, governed by coercion and bent on rebel-lion ? Thank God, there is a more excellent way. Drop coercion and try conciliation. Give the Filipinos what they want, not what you think is good for them. Re-gard them not as Sioux or Apache In-dians, but as Christianized and civilized brown men, ranking with the Japanese. General Otis said to the Senate Commit-tee that they could, if we withdrew, at least maintain a military government ; and with the sedition law before you can you say we are doing much better ? Gov-ernor Taft is reported as saying at New Haven that, if we conferred independ-ence upon them, power would fall into  the hands of the educated classes ; but is an intelligent oligarchy of Filipinos worse than an intelligent oligarchy of Americans ? I was in Ireland last month when the cities of Dublin and Cork conferred their freedom upon the leader of the National-ist party. His speech on those occasions was printed in full in the newspapers and one sentence of it still rings in my ears. "There are," he said, "only two methods of governmentŠthat of free-dom and that of force; and Ireland has shown for centuries that the latter is permanently impossible." The remedy for our Philippine ills is to substitute a government by the consent of. the Fili-pinos for a government by the coercion of the Filipinos. Anglo- Saxon Atrocities By the Editor EARLY in 1899, from things then to be observed, Professor Sum-ner of Yale University felt justified in saying that the most significant result of the then late war was not the American victory over Spain, but the Spaniardiz-ing of Americans. However far-fetched that idea may have seemed at that time, it cannot seem so in the light of recent developments. It is perfectly evident now, partly on testimony that was shamelessly explained away by military officials some time ago, that brutal and inhuman practises on the part of Amer-ican soldiers have obtained in the Phil-ippines from almost the very beginning of the war. At the very time when the Secretary of War has grown indignant at the in-timation from a high army official that  the war in the Philippines was being conducted with "marked severity," and has declared that the American army has carried on the war "with scrupulous re-gard for the rules of civilized warfare, with careful and genuine consideration for the prisoners and non-combatants, with self-restraint and with humanity never surpassed, if ever equalled, in any conflict," evidence that cannot be set aside has shown that torture has long been a common practise in the army for obtaining information from natives, that flags of truce have been utterly disregard-ed, towns burned, and helpless non-com-batants slaughtered in cold blood. Na-tives have not only been shot without trial by order of army officers, but have been tied to trees and shot in different parts of the body day after day until 