THE RELIGION AND PUBLIC EDUCATION ISSUE 735 constitutes a proper school system for the youth of this nation. Republican institutions exist not on account of, but in spite of the church to-day. Ecclesi-astics and the church may clamor until doomsday for the division of state edu-cational funds among the parochial and private schools of various sects, but it is not conceivable that the Ameri-can people will listen to such a propo- sition. The triumph of the church in this matter would mean the ultimate downfall of the republic Mr. Geer and those who agree.with him are treading upon dangerous ground, and their views should be fought against by all loyal and dutiful citizens. The public schools must be preserved. There must be no division of public money among sectarian schools." "The Catholic religion triumphs in all countries that have not a state re-ligion," says some one who writes to the Washington Post that "when this country has become mainly Catholic, as it surely will in fifty years, then, with the exception of Canada, this Western Hemisphere will be an unbroken chain of Catholic republics from Cape Horn northward to Canada," and that these republics will then, "on a religious basis of affilliation, unite under the United States flag (Catholic) as the great United States of North and South America." However it may be as to the Catholic religion triumphing in all countries that have not a state religioh, it is certain that no country in which the Catholic religion triumphs will long be without a state religion. The com-ing of this un-American and dangerous thing with the triumph of the Catholic religion seems to be taken for granted by this correspondent who undertakes to prophecy such great things for that religion. It requires no gift of proph-ecy to predict that however; all that is necessary is a knowledge of that re-ligion and its history. This correspond-ent closes his prophecy by saying that the time will come when Canada "will have also become a Catholic country," and that "Catholic Canada will then be willing to join hands with Catholic America under one flag and one re-ligion, extending from Cape Horn to the Arctic Ocean." Next week, besides concluding the re-port of the very interesting debate or agitation of the great and pressing question of religion and the public edu-cational system that has brought the question so prominently to public at-tention during the last six weeks, we shall endeavor to say something on the subject ourselves, as we had planned to do in connection with the matter presented this week. But the readers of The Sentinel are capable of thinking for themselves in this matter, and what this number contains certainly affords material for a great deal of thought "A resolution providing for a con-stitutional amendment to the effect that no money raised by taxation shall be expended for any purpose by sectarian institutions," was one of several bills introduced in the House of Represen-tativs on the 11th inst. by Representa-tive W. W. Kitchin of North Carolina. A religion or church which looks for-ward to its "triumph" in a country as including its union with and control of the state is a religion or church whose triumph may well be dreaded by all who have the welfare of the country at heart. The inevitable fruit of religious teaching, or support of religious teach-ing, by the state will be sectarian strife and antagonism. 