686 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY us this item : " Three young men in North Haven went out hunting Sep-tember 27, in opposition to their mothers' wishes and the Sunday law. As soon as the gun was fired a con-stable appeared and arrested them. They were taken before a justice of the peace. It being Sunday, court could not be )field. Papers were served, and the prisoners were released on bonds. It was necessary to have an official do some writing on the papers. Said offi-cial was peacefully worshiping God at church, but a telephone called him to the home of the justice, and the matter was adjusted. The next day court was held and the boys were fined over $30, which included costs." Gunners of Kalamazoo, Mich., who intended having a " live pigeon shoot " near that place on Sunday, September 27, were notified by the sheriff of the county " that the shoot would be stopped if attempted." He and the prosecuting attorney had " both looked up the matter thoroughly," and were certain that " the shoot comes under the Sunday law and can be stopped." The cruelty of shooting the pigeons was justly condemned by those who were moving the officials to this action, and it was claimed that the sheriff had authority under the law " to stop the wholsesale slaughter of birds." Why then was the matter made one of Sun-day enforcement, instead of enforce-ment of the law against the slaughter of birds ? At a county W. C. T. U. convention at South Bend, Ind., on September 30, the two principal sections of the "laws relative to Sunday observance which are upon the statute books of Indiana were discussed and their enforcement recommended." One of the sections provides that any person over fourteen years of age who " is found on the first day of the week, commonly called Sun-day, rioting, hunting, fishing, quarrel-ing, at common labor, or engaged in his usual vocations (works of charity and necessity only excepted) shall be fined in any suns not more than ten dollars and not less than one dollar,"  and the other prohibits ball playing on Sunday "where any reward or prize, or profit, or article of value is dependent upon the result of the game " under penalty of a fine not ex-ceeding $25 for every person offending. Ł The East Ohio Methodist Conference, in session at Akron on September 26, " took a decided stand against Sab-bath desecration and for more stringent laws for the day's observance." In a set of resolutions that were " unani-mously " adopted, it was declared that " we pledge ourselves as a conference to do our utmost to advance the cause of Sunday reform," and that " the law must be obeyed in our State, and when it is evaded or ignored we must 110 our utmost to quicken the public conscience and insist on officers enforcing the law." The Cleveland Sunday League was commended " for the excellent work it has done in prwenting Sunday ball games and other evils," and it was declared that " we recognize the good work done in this country by the Sun-day League of America, and endorse the World's Sunday Congress to be held next year in St. Louis." On September 17, in pursuance of action taken by the association, the secretary of the ministerial association of Lockport, N. Y., sent " another ap-peal to Governor Odell to stop Sunday baseball in Lockport." The governor was informed " that the association could not depend upon the Lockport chief of police to act further than arresting the players after the Sunday games had taken place," and " that the association did not wish to have the players arrested, because that looked like persecution, but it sought to have the games stopped before they occurred." The governor was " re-spectfully requested to see what he could do with the sheriff of Niagara County with reference to suppressing Sunday ball playing." On the 24th the secretary received a communication from the governor saying that he " had written Sheriff Reardon in regard to the matter." 