74  THE SENTIN1L OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY to a position which Christ would not take ? The apostle Paul, an ambassador of God for Christ, taught the true position of all Christ's servants : "Knowing there-fore the terror of the Lord, we persuade men." "Now then we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God did beseech you by us; we pray you in Christ's stead, be ye reconciled to God." 2 Cor. 5: II, 20. And again : "Not that we have do-minion [lordship] over your faith, but are helpers of your joy; for by faith ye stand." 2 Cor. I : 24. The only service acceptable to the God of love is love, and love cannot be co-erced save by love. Christianity, the very essence of which is the life of God, if received, will create love within the heart and render all service willing and acceptable. It cannot therefore be en-forced. Every attempt to do this has re-sulted in developing tyrants on the one hand and slaves and hypocrites on the other. These two principles are inherent in Christianity alone of all religions. Apart from divine power they have won the admiration of all liberty-loving hearts who have heard of them. In Christian-ityÑBible ChristianityÑthese principles still abide. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, to-day, and forever. We may not find them in professed Christianity ; their absence is proof positive of its perversion. These principles may be applied to earthly governments; and it is a strange coincidence, looking at it apart from God's hand in the affairs of men, that one government only, of all the govern-ments of earth, placed these great princi-ples in the very charters of her existence..  Nay, more ; her existence grew from  these very principles in the hearts and minds of men. That government was the United States of America from 1776 to 1892. Embodied in the Declaration of Independence are the great principles of equality and the right of dissent. They were guaranteed by her glorious Consti-tution. A state was formed without a king, a church without a pope. These principles attracted to these shores mil-lions of the best of liberty-loving souls from all parts of the old world, still wrapped in the superstitions of medieval night. Living, molding, they shaped the varied population into a homogenous mass, in which education, art, science, and religion made such progress as the world had never seen. Their blazing torches lighted the darkness of the Old World and made hideous to its inhabi-tants the oppressive laws, forms, and customs of the Dark Ages. Not fully operative here in the beginning, they molded public sentiment till they struck the slave shackles and gyves from every man and woman in America. And they would have continued even more might-ily to bless the world had they been al-lowed to flourish. unchecked, undimmed, in this government. As long as the government held to these principles she was the nearest to what an ideal Christian, civil govern-ment could be. Held for their own in-herent righteousness, she was meeting the divine command of a civil govern--ment ; but as soon as attempt is made to enforce Christianity, the government becomes not only un-Christian, but anti-Christian. Repudiation of the equal rights of men is un-Christian. Repudi-ation of the right to choose or refuse any religious faith, tenet, observance, or institution, is un-Christian. More, it is anti-Christian. That government which 