518  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY nation in legations at this capital are showing us scant courtesy in lightly overriding our best national traditions and customs of the Lord's day." , The Sunday-enforcement clergyman may be able to convince himself that his interest in the matter is merely that of a "laboring man," but others will not be able to see the matter in that light so readily. jThe Sunday Closing of the St. Louis Exposition It is evident that it will not be the fault of the promoters of the legal Sun-day if the St. Louis Exposition follows the example of the Chicago World's Fair in disregarding the Sunday-closing pro-viso which they obtained from Congress in the appropriation bills for both exposi-tions. The interest and efforts of "Rev. Dr. Wilbur F. Crafts, Superintendent of the International Bureau of Reforms, Washington, D. D.," in this matter has been the cause of making it figure as a matter of news for some weeks. Accord-ing to the Washington correspondent of the Boston Transcript, Mr. Crafts is "rigidly scrutinizing the course of the Treasury Department in its relations to the Sunday closing of the St. Louis Fair." It seems that in the Sunday-closing amendment to the bill appropriating $5,-000,000 for the St. Louis Exposition it is provided that as a condition precedent to the payment of the appropriation or any portion of it the directors of the ex-position shall enter into a contract to close the gates to visitors on Sundays. It does not appear that it is stated with whom the directors shall enter into this ¥ contract, but presumably the Secretary of the Treasury is to be the other party. Last November Mr. Crafts wrote to the Department insisting that the provision  with regard to the making of this con-tract be strictly adhered to, and it seems that he was assured by Assistant Secre-tary Taylor that this would be done. But it seems that without the execution of such a contract money was being paid out on the appropriation. This stirred Mr. Crafts to renewed exertions, and as a result Secretary of the Treasury Shaw notified the exposition directors late in May that no more vouchers would be allowed by him until the contract was en-tered into. In response to this notice the directors, on June i 1, authorized Presi-dent Francis, of the exposition company, "to sign a contract with Leslie M. Shaw, Secretary of the Treasury, in which the World's Fair management pledges itself not to operate the fair on Sunday at any time." According to the St. Louis Chronicle this action "definitely settles the question of Sunday closing for all time to come." But it seems that Mr. Crafts does not so regard it, and that others take a dif-ferent view of the matter.. A few days after the above action by the directors a Washington dispatch to the St. Louis Globe-Democrat stated that it was no se-cret, not even to the treasury officials who had insisted upon this action, that the contract could be readily ignored if in future contingencies the management should decide to open the fair on Sun-days. This brought forth from Mr. Crafts the information that some time ago when he called the matter to the at-tention of Secretary Shaw he was told : "I will make a contract, but it cannot be enforced." . Mr. Crafts says he was asked not to report this opinion, but that since the publication of this dispatch to the Globe-Democrat he feels released from the obligation of secrecy. And now, since he feels that the cause of Sunday closing is rather weak at the Treasury Department, it seems that he 