SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 541  that if needs be the law would be invoked for their protection. On July 12 " several gentlemen who are actively interested in the moral wel- fare of the place " learned that a game of ball was in progress. They " at once notified the prosecuting attorney and sheriff of the fact, and the sheriff visited the field and ordered the players to de-sist." This they declined to do, " where-upon complaint was made before Justice Sleight, and warrants were issued for the arrest of eight or nine players whom the complainants knew." We are not in-formed as to the outcome of the matter. The local paper devoted two columns to the matter, quoting the Sunday law and the opinion of Justice Grant, in the case of Scougale vs. Sweet, as to the applica-tion of the law to ball playing and the duty of sheriffs with respect thereto. " A movement to put a stop to Sunday baseball playing " was recently reported from Minnesota Lake, Minn.ŠOn July 31 it was reported from Superior, Wis., that " a crusade has been started by several church organizations against Sunday baseball games."ŠA report from Wy-more, Neb., says " the clergy have gone after the Sunday ball players to such an extent that the manager of the games has announced his intention of cutting out the Sunday games."ŠA game of ball having been announced for Sunday, August 2, at O'Neill, Neb., " members of the Metho-dist and Presbyterian churches circulated a petition asking the city authorities to stop the game." " The authorities as-sured the committee of church people that they would not allow the game to be played."ŠIt was reported from Baraboo, Wis., on July 27, that " the crusade headed by several ministers of this city against ball playing and other pastimes on Sunday has been declared off by the clergy." Upon the issuing of several warrants against  the ball players warrants were also issued against the Rev. Jesse E. Searles, Assembly-man Franklin Johnson and City Engineer W. G. Kerchoffer, who attended the ball game in order to procure evidence. The first case against Floyd B. Hook, one of the ball players, was decided against the preachers by a jury. Mr. Alward, of Madison, the minis-ters' attorney, advised his clients to drop all further proceedings, as the public sentiment is all with the boys. At Hudson, Wis., on August 1, Jasper Padden, a saloon-keeper, was fined $25 and costs " for selling liquor on Sunday." ŠAt Dubuque, Iowa, on August 6, James McDonald was fined $50 and costs " for violating the mulct law by having his saloon open " on the preceding Sunday. ŠAt Hayfield, Minn., on July 27, a saloon-keeper was fined $1oo " for vio-lating the Sunday-closing clause of the liquor law."ŠAt Marshall, Texas, on July 22, W. F. Beck, " charged with selling whiskey on Sunday, was tried in the recorder's court by a jury, and was fined $50 and costs."ŠAt Des Moines, Iowa, on July 25, F. J. Johnson, a saloon-keeper, was fined $5o and costs " for sell-ing liquor on Sunday."ŠThe board of police commissioners of Jeffersonville, Ind., recently ordered the enforcement of the Sunday-closing law against saloons. ŠThe president of the anti-saloon league of Sioux City, Iowa, Rev. Wm. Williams, has announced his intention of compelling the Sunday closing of Germania Park, a beer garden of that city. The league has just been waging a law-enforcement crusade upon the saloons of the place, the principal thing being the enforcement of Sunday closing. For this purpose tem-porary injunctions requiring the pro-prietors to observe the law were secured. Mr. Williams has announced that " the first man who is caught disobeying his injunction will be prosecuted for contempt of court." The Minneapolis Commercial Bulletin 