10 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY edgment for contributions that in most cases would have paid for many yearly subscriptions. Now The Sentinel has behind it no organization especially de-voted 'to the work which it seeks to do, and there are no representatives of that -work passing from place to place so-liciting and receiving contributions from which it is to be supported. With the exception of an occasional, or rather very rare, contribution from some friend or friends of its work, The Sen-tinel must be supported by what it re-ceives on subscriptions. The amount now received in this way needs to be greatly increased, and we trust that each reader of the paper and friend of its work will do all he can during the present year to help increase the num-ber of subscribers to the paper. And remember that the best time to do work of this sort is at once, while the thought of it is fresh in the mind. And the best time to secure subscribers for the paper, or to subscribe for it for others, is now at the beginning of a new year. Blanks which can be used in sending in subscriptions will be found elsewhere in this number. Are there not reasons why The Sentinel should now have the renewed interest, co-oper-ation, and active support of all who love the great and sacred principles for which it stands ? It is announced that "the Anti-Sa-loon League of the State of 'New York will again establish headquarters in Albany, and maintain them throughout the legislature session." The superin-tendent of the organization, "Rev. Howard Russell, says that better work can be done by having the principal office of the league in Albany while the legislature is in session." According to the newspaper report, there are but two things on "the program of the Anti-Saloon League for the winter's  campaign," and one of them, and evi-dently the one regarded as most im-portant and to which is no doubt due the establishment of the lobby at Al-bany, is this: "To oppose any bill that will have for its purpose the relaxation of the Sunday-closing laws, and espe-cially the bill advocated by certain New York ministers and by District Attor-ney Jerome for opening saloons on Sun-days between the hours of one and eleven p. m." "This year the league will have a list of ministers and prom-inent men in advance of the introduc-tion of the bill, and if necessary every church and Sunday school in the State will be called on to furnish a petition against the enactment of a Sunday-opening measure." The sentiment and motive which inspires this work to which the Anti-Saloon League of the State of New York is to chiefly devote itself during this winter is not , the temperance sentiment and motive. The work is of such a nature that all who adhere to right principles must with-hold from it all sympathy and support, no matter how thoroughly they may de-test the saloon. The work is not anti-saloon work, but pro religion-by-law, union-of-church-and-state, work. By engaging in it the Anti-Saloon League is turning aside from the work to which, presumably, it is devoted. Before Magistrate Stratton in Phil-adelphia on December 17' three bar-bers, Frank Mauno, of Thayer Street and Kensington Avenue, and his as-sistants, Caramine Mauno and S. Devit, "were fined $4 and costs ($2.50) each for shaving patrons on Sunday." "Mauno, in his defense, said his cus-tomers were few, and that he had to oblige them in order to keep what little trade he had. He said it was difficult to live and pay expenses with his trade, that Sunday is the only day on which 