THE PAPAL THEORY OF CHURCH AND STATE 275 and that to serve the State is to serve God?" (Bossuet, Sermon sur de l'Eglise.) This, as a terse exposition of the general principle, is true, provided it be understood as applying only to a State when it is acting in all things in conformity with the precepts of the Church. - In so far, then, it is true that the Church is in possession of both swords ; the one she has in her own hand, the other is wielded in her behalf. Frederick II., Emperor of Germany, recognized this priciple when he described the mate-rial sword as subsidised by the spiritual.? From all that has been said, it follows thai the civil Power was not merely bound to provide the necessary means of divine worship, but to look upon the fur-therance of the kingdom of God as its higher aim and greatest privilege.8  "But this was brought about," says Pro-fessor Philipps, in his great work on canon law (Philipps' Kirchenrecht. Ge-genseitige Hillfeleistung beider Gewal-ten.) "by a well-ordered legislation which excluded from itself everything that might stand even in the slightest op-position to the divine law promulgated by the Church ; by a legislation which with the weight of its authority helped out the ecclesiastical prescripts (Can. certum est. 12. D. 1o. In this Pope Gelasius recom-mends to the East Gothic King Theo-deric, the observance of the Roman law, not only in secular but in spiritual mat-ters) ; and this was especially the case by the employment of the secular penal pow-er where that of the Church did not suf- To serve God is to serve every just law of the state; for the service of God is the service of love, and "love worketh no ill to his neighbor." But to serve the state is not to serve God, for the state is not God. 7  The power which subsidizes the material sword is not spiritual; it is earthly, carnal. The power which pretends to be spiritual and which subsidizes the maŁ terial sword is devilish. This is the message that we are now hearing from many "Protestant" sources. fice." Hence it was that the Church from the earliest times, especially in the mat-ter of the assembling of Councils to de-cide doctrinal disputes, claimed the in-terference and support of the civil Pow-er; and the emperors themselves ap-peared in the Councils in order to see to the execution of its decrees.8  (Philipps' Kirchenrecht, vol. ii.) Occasions were not wanting for the employment of the civil sword in defence of the Church. "Defend," says Leo the Great in a letter to the Emperor Theodo-sius II., "defend against the heritics the unshaken position of the Church, so that by the rights of Christ your kingdom also be protected." (Leon. M. epist. 43. c. 3. ad Theodos.) Thus the spiritual and the civil Powers were so united as to make it impossible that rebels against the one should find refuge with the other.1° Hence, argues Professor Philipps, this principle follows : that neither the Church nor the State, whensoever they are united on the true basis of divine right, have any cognizance of tolerance. (Kirchenrecht, vol. ii., p. sia. See also Muzzarelli, Tolleranza, in his Il buon use della logica, tom. ii., p. 66.) "Not the Church," he says, "because neither true peace nor true charity recognizes toler-ance. Not the State, because in accord-ance with its own principle it must not tolerate anything which does not agree with divine justice. Christ himself con-demns tolerance when He says : 'Who 9  This is the truth, and to this fact is due the most inhuman, terrible, and abominable events of human history. 10 Well was it declared to the General Assembly of Virginia, in 1785, in that noble memorial which bears the name of Madison: "What influence, in fact, have ecclesiastical establishments had on civil society? In some instances they have been seen to erect a spiritual tyranny on the ruins of civil authority; in many in-stances they have been seen upholding the thrones of political tyranny; in no instance have they been seen the guardians of the liberties of the people. Rulers who wished to subvert the public liberty have found in established clergy convenient auxiliaries." This is the secret of the union of church and state "on the true basis of divine right." It resolves itself into the "divine right" of despotism. 