610 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. necessity that man has no right to act for himself, but can act only as the power to which he yields in-tellectual submission may direct. Hence the papal system has always claimed, and still claims, that the Pope is the civil as well as the religious ruler of the world. Under the rule of the Papacy dissenters,were punished by the civil authority, whose duty, as de-clared by the church, was to root out heresy. The civil power, it was held, existed to execute the will of the church. But the Reformation, proclaiming to all men that salvation was by faith, denied the ne-cessity or the right of such exercise of the civil au-thority. As the Reformation doctrine was received by the people it was perceived that civil govern-ments must exist for some different purpose than to execute the decrees of the church. It was perceived that not only was salvation by faith inconsistent with the absolutism of the Pope, but with that of king and emperor as well. It was seen that absolutism in civil government had never been ordained by the Creator, and that the right form of civil government was not a monarchy. Following this came the declaration to the world that the true purpose of civil government is to pre-serve individual rights, and that the just powers of civil governments are derived from the consent of the governed; and with this came the rise of a new nation, in which the governmental power and au-thority represented the will only of the people them-selves. But nearly forty years ago there began a move-ment in this country which sought to substitute what its leaders held to be the will of God for the will of the people in the fundamental law of the land. This would force all the people to accept a human inter-pretation of the will of God, which is the essential feature of the Papacy. Civil government would be placed back again upon the principles of the papal system; and that movement has been steadily grow-ing in the United States, wearing the mask of be-nevolence, by which the multitudes have been led to consider it worthy of their support. The primary party in this movement, which furnished the leaven for the vastly greater lump of its adherents to-day, is known as the National Reform party. It is not strange, therefore, that it was a conven-tion of this party which first declared in this coun-try that civil governments do not derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, and stig- matized that assertion of our forefathers as " that old Philadelphia lie." The doctrine that civil govern-ments should execute the divine will rather than the will of the people; that the will of God should there-fore be enforced upon the people by the civil power; that the individual conscience must yield to the " national conscience;" and therefore that the indi-vidual has no right to think for himselfŠis the start-ing point of the despotism which denies the right of the people to self-government. It is the starting point of the doctrine that the people must be gov-erned, not by themselves, but by the Lord, through his divinely-appointed agent, in the person of Pope or king. And when it was proclaimed in Congress, as the sentiment of that body and the voice of the nation, that governments do not derive their just powers from the consent of the governed, it was a proclamation of what had been from the first the un-derlying principle of the National Reform scheme, and what the advocates of that scheme had, as far back as 1889, at Se ialia, Mo., and at the Chautauqua Assembly in New York, openly declared in words. It is entirely logical, moreover, that in repudiating the doctrine of government by consent of the gov-erned there should be much said about the leadings of Providence and perfoyming of the divine will. This " divine-right" system of civil government and the National Reform scheme will reach a point at which they will coalesce, and that point is the Papacy. The right to self-government is inherent in the right to think; and the leading enemy of the whole system of human rights is a false system of religion. s. THE OPENING OF THIBET. The Roman Catholic Bishop Biet, vicar-apos-tolic of Thibet, is authority for the statement that the strict laws which have closed that country hith-erto on pain of death against all white men, and es-pecially against missionaries, have been repealed, and that henceforth religious liberty is vouchsafed in the land of the Grand Lama. The New York Tribune explains this astonishing news on the basis of the hostility which for centuries has existed be-tween Thibet and China, holding that the Thibetans see in this move at this juncture a fine opportunity for injuring their hereditary foes, one of whose chief defenses .has been the position of "the forbidden 