criffooll Oo CMISTMIU 111002771 V oL. XVIII NEW YORK, THURSDAY, APRIL 16, 1903 No. 16     The old Pennsylvania Sunday law is no different in principle from any of the other Sunday laws. "All history shows that the more .men are inclined to tinker with the Sabbath day, and add to it their own traditions and restrictions, the more formal and op-pressive is their religion." The argument of " social necessity in justification of measures compelling men to " rest " from labor on the " Lord's day " would be equally good in justifica-tion of measures compelling them to go to church. The hopeless tangle in which law-makers and judges become involved when they attempt to enforce what God has left to the conscience is brought very clearly to view in the common-sense Sun-day-law decision that is presented else-where. A Sunday law is essentially arbitrary in character, and therefore it is not to be wondered at that its enforcement calls for the assumption and exercise of ar-bitrary authority by magistrates, as is clearly shown to be the case in the recent decision regarding the Pennsylvania stat-ute. If, as we are told in a quotation pre-sented elsewhere, " Christian men " should he allowed differences of opinion  as to how the " Lord's day " shall he observed, then Christian men and all other men should be allowed differences of opinion as to whether it shall be ob-served at all or not. There is no more reason or justice in enforcing uniformity of opinion and practise in the matter of whether or not the day shall be obgerved than there would be in enforcing uni-formity in the manner of its observance. One of these things is as much a matter to be determined by the conscience of the individual for himself as is the other. There is but one thing that explains the " worldly employment or business " and " works of necessity and charity " phrases of the Sunday law, and that is the nature and character of the law itself. And when this is recognized and there is a willingness to deal with the law as its nature and character warrant, there will be no necessity for lengthy inquiries as to the meaning of these terms. All that will be necessary will be to say that the law, being religious, being in support of a religious observance and in the inter-ests of a religious class, is altogether out of place on the statute books of an Amer-ican State, and by virtue of its very na-ture is void as a civil statute. " It is a radical reflection upon the cus-toms and traditions of the past," declares a Massachusetts Sunday-enforcement ad-vocate with reference to an attempt to se- 