VARIOUS CONCEPTIONS OF LIBERTY 607 of haughtiness and rapacity . . . which, either by adherence to principles grown unpopular or by his own arrogance and violence, he had raised in great part of Christendom. Boniface was hardly dead when the epitaph, which no time can  erase, from the impression of which the most candid mind strives with difficulty to emancipate itself, was proclaimed to,  the unprotesting Christian world : 'He came in like a fox, he ruled like a lion, he died like a dog.' " O Various Conceptions of Liberty By M. C. Wilcox LIBERTY! Who does not long for it ? It may be that one's highest ideal is perverted liberty, yet his mere longing as such is good. This love of liberty, this longing for freedom, per-verted though it be by human selfish-ness, is implanted of God in the hearts of men for their good. In the minds of some persons liberty is so perverted that it means license to do anything human lust demands. This is Satan's grossest perversion of liberty. It makes man the bond-slave of sin and lust, and by sin deludes him to believe that the highest pleasure, the greatest liberty, is subjection to the cruelest of masters. For the cruelest tyrant on earth is not so cruel as Sin and his unholy mother and paramour, unrestrained Lust. Liberty means to the oftentimes an-archist the destruction of existing condi-tions, even though it involves seas of bloodŠblood of innocent and guilty alike. With many anarchists there is a longing for better conditions, a belief that if the present order were destroyed better would issue, thoughts of construction as well as destruc-tion ; but with many it means the destruction of law and lawful order. This was Lucifer's aim in heaven, and from that fatal determination came all our misery and woe. The worst tyranny is better than anarchy. Liberty with some persons means a di-vision of the spoils, the scattering of the wealth of the rich, the division of the lands or their reversal to the state, with a maximum of ease and pleasure and idleness and a minimum of toilŠthe state a great, indulgent, coddling parent, and the people, children, directed in all the affairs of life. The idea is socialistic. There are many socialists who have high ideals. They note present conditions ; they see the practical workings of indus-trial slavery, and they ardently long for better conditions for themselves and their fellows. They hope by education and evolution and union of effort to ac-complish the desired end ; but such do not see the true cause, and, in cbnce-quence, fail to grasp the remedy. Even hard, grinding toil is better than wanton idleness. Liberty means other things to others. Oftentimes to the "union man" it means the strongest rule imaginable over every-thing not connected with the union, the exercise of the strongest tyranny over those without for the benefit of those within. It is a new form of the old Mussulman's cry, "Acknowledge Ma-hornet, or die." We sympathize with the laboring man. We know what his condition is. We see the cruel tyr-anny of unrestrained capital, the over-reaching lordship of the trust, 