308 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Is Human Perfection at Hand ? While the learned men of the times continue to expatiate upon the progress of the human race, upon the great superi-ority of the human nature at the present time over all that it has ever been heretofore, and predict for it in the not distant future a blossoming that will be as much superior to what it has been in the past as the piano is superior to the bowstring of the savage or the ocean liner to the dugout canoe, crimes of every description continue as of old, and ap-pear to be even more prevalent than ever before. Just now in this city the crime which is regarded as the greatest of all human crimesŠmurderŠwith the causative and attendant circumstances, is engaging uni-versal attention. There are four prom-inent cases now before the public, and it is safe to say that before interest in these cases has subsided there will be others to take their place in public attention. For crimes, instead of being absent in these times, are so numerous and follow so rapidly upon one another that people cannot be shocked if they would. The thing becomes commonplace, and while the setting and coloring of an occasional scene rivets all eyes upon it, it is but for a moment, for the panorama of crime moves on, and public attention must ever be shifting from the views that are disappearing to the new ones that are ever presenting themselves. And these four cases to which we have referred are not mere murders, but are attended by other circumstances which are as inconsistent with the teaching that we live in a time when human nature is on the verge of shedding and discarding its weaknesses and its crimes as are the murders themselves. In briefly refer-ring to these cases we speak of them in  the light in which they now appear to the public. The courts have yet to pass upon the evidence and to determine the guilt or innocence of those accused. Covetousness, so far as it relates to the love of money, toŁthe desire to become rich by seizing the property of another, appears to have been the cause of one of these murders. A man of education and ability, a lawyer, is accused of coldly murdering an old man, his client, in or-der to secure possession of his enormous fortune. Behind another murder ap-pears the effort to escape the clutches of the law on the part of representatives of the law. A man had given evidence which convicted a certain police ,official of criminal negligence of duty ; he was to appear in court against others charged with the same offense, and upon his tes-timony conviction was expected. Early one morning he was found upon the street almost dead, with bruises upon his body from which he died in a few hours. At this very hour the name of the man who was dying was entered upon the record of the police court in that sec-tion of the city, as though he had been present there instead of being where he was found. It is thought that in this the police have identified themselves with the murder, and by means of this maneuver hoped to baffle investigation and to prevent the appre-hension of the perpetrators of the crime. This is the theory, and if failure to dis-cover the murderers sustains the theory, it has so far been confirmed. "This crime," says a prominent journal, "brings us back to the primitive days when men were beaten to death because that was the simplest, easiest and most natural way to get rid of them when they prom-ised to be inconvenient." The third case is the murder of a middle-aged woman, evidently (lone in the most cold-blooded 