780 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY president. On his way home he met one of the officers, who said he did not want to arrest him and so went to the presi-dent and requested him to have Mr. Gib-son stop work, adding to Mr. Gibson, "You are the man they are after." Mr. Gibson thinks the action of the police was inspired by rival dealers who desire to annoy him in his business. Whether that be so or not, it is evidently a very unjust proceeding, and one that would not be possible but for the un-American "Lord's Day" statute. While spending that afternoon in enforced idleness Mr. Gibson passed on a public street a gang of men engaged with shovels, picks, en-gines, and derricks in putting in water mains. And yet he, a man who had al-ready fulfilled the law, since he had ob-served the preceding day, could not be al-lowed to bag coke in a place remote from public view ! But this is the way in which Sunday statutes are chiefly used, for it is what comports best with their es-sential character. They are meant to en-force respect for the religious Sunday, and of course more is accomplished in that direction when one who observes another day and has no respect for the re-ligious character of Sunday is made to bow to it, than when one who observes no day at all, but does not dispute or deny its religious character, is compelled to observe it. It is not nearly so terrible for a nominal Sunday observer to work on that day as it is for a seventh day ob-server, because in the latter case the work is looked upon as the manifestation of re-ligious dissent, and that, in the light of the spirit and character of Sunday legis-lation, is the one unpardonable offense. 14,  Whatever may be the virtues of Ca-tholicism, it seems to possess in a degree exceeding that of any other system of re-ligion or form of belief the faculty of im- Ł parting to or developing in its adherents  a disposition which at one and the same time takes for itself the widest latitude in denouncing and defaming those who dif-fer from it in belief while refusing to ac-cord any latitude whatever to them for criticism of itself and its belief. This disposition is summed up in the one word, intolerance. This thought is sug-gested by two recent incidents in France. The writer, Emile Zola, who during his lifetime took leave to differ from and to think independently of "the Church," was scarcely cold in death before Roman Catholic priests and monks began "in-forming their flocks that the infamous Zola, pursued by celestial vengeance, has crowned his earlier crimes by the su-preme one of taking his own life." In his native town of Treguier, in Brittany, a statue is to be erected in honor of the eminent savant, Ernest Renan. The pro-posal to do this evoked at once from the cure of the parish and the bishop of the diocese an attempt to prevent the carry-ing out of the project. Renan was once a Catholic, but became a freethinker, and this, with the liberal addition of such epi-thets as "renegade" and "impious blas-phemer," is being proclaimed to the peo-ple by the bishop in his efforts to incense them against the project to erect the statue. The cure sent a letter of protest to the mayor of the town, and received a dignified reply advising him to confine his activities to their proper sphere and to rest assured that the municipality was able to attend to its own affairs, and warning him that he would succeed only in injuring himself and the interests com-mitted to his care by raising his voice against "the great act of tolerance to be performed." All other efforts seeming not to avail, the bishop at last threatened that if the statue was erected he would suspend the pardon, the great annual event among the "faithful" of Brittany, which occurs on the igth of May each 