276 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. day than they do on any other day of the week. The wagoner, so often fined for driving his team on this day, ninety-nine times in every hundred spends the day worse in lying by than in traveling. "(2) It tends to oppress the consciences of some who conscientiously observe the seventh, and can-not conscientiously observe the first day,Šsuch as Jews and Seventh-day Baptists. "(3) The obedience which the law constrains is neither pleasing to God nor profitable to men. The man who observes the first day merely because the law requires him, performs not that kind of obedience which flows from the heart, and consequently it is with him an unwilling service. "(4) The law itself is unjust, inasmuch as it is par-tial: it consults the taste and voluptuousness of the genteel folks in the large cities by allowing them to go to market morning and evening, to buy such things as may satisfy their craving appetite, while it would fine the poor farmer for saving his harvest, or gather-ing the labors of the year, a work of much greater importance than buying and selling fresh oysters, melons, leeks, and onions, or a fresh beefsteak before sermon, or even after they return from worship. "(5) A fifth objection I have to the law is that the law itself is on its own principle lame, because it does not secure anything to the interests of even common religion or morality, because that, while it prohibits many from industry allowable on all other days, it allows them to spend the day reading news-papers, writing letters of business, or amusement, talking politics, or speculating upon any carnal or tem-poral topic. This, I say, it allows because its juris-diction extends not to such things, but merely to overt acts on the highway or in the field." The Sunday law of Pennsylvania is no better now than it was when Mr. Campbell so ably dissected it nearly eighty years ago. What is Liberty? It is true that in the name of liberty many and grievous crimes have been committed. Yet many and grievous as they may have been, this in no wise les-sens the fact that liberty is a true and genuine principle in human experience. It is only because men do not know what liberty is, that they can ever possibly commit crime, oppres-sion, or wrong of any kind, in the name of liberty. Men mistake power for liberty, and then use their power despotically and call it the exercise, and the be-stowal of liberty. No man knows true liberty who has it not in him-self. And whoever has it in himself, recognizes it as belonging to every other man equally with himself;  and he will willingly make himself the servant of all, that if by any means they may attain to the liberty which he knows and enjoys. Therefore no one who knows true liberty, will ever wilfully do any injustice or wrong to anybody. In the nature of things there is no true liberty but Christian liberty. It is only those whom the Son of God makes free, that are free indeed. This, because all men are in bondage to sin ; and only Christ can break that bondage. "I am carnal, sold under sin. I find then a law, that when I would do good, evil is present with me. For I delight in the law of God, after the inward man ; but I see another law in my members, warring against the law of my mind, and bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members. 0 wretched man that I am who shall deliver me from the body of this death? 1 thank God through Jesus Christ." Rom. 7:11-25. Christ came into the world to "proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of prison to them that are bound." Luke 4:18-21. He sent his disciples into the world to proclaim this liberty to every crea-ture. The Roman Empire then covered the civilized world ; and Roman freedomŠthe freedom of Roman citizenshipŠwas exalted as the sum of all good. This, however, being the lot of a very few, the next best thing for mankind was held to be such measure of liberty as Rome considered them capable of enjoying, and therefore such as she was willing to bestow. Yet every Roman citizen was a subject, and every Roman subject was a slave; which is but to say that Roman liberty was only despotismŠRoman freedom was only the greater bondage. Into that world of the despotism and bondage of worldly power, in addition to the despotism of sin and the bondage of iniquity, the Lord Jesus sent his little band of disciples to preach the gospel to the poor, to bind up the broken-hearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, to set at liberty them that were bruised, and to proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord. First becoming acquainted with the liberty of Christ them-selves, they went forth carrying hope to the despairing, joy to the sorrowing, comfort to the afflicted, relief to the distressed, peace to the perplexed, and to all a message of merciful forgiveness of sins, of the gift of the righteousness of God, and of a purity and power which would cleanse the soul from all unrighteousness of heart and life, and plant instead the perfect purity of the Son of God and the courage of an everlasting joy. And Rome that boasted of her freedom, Rome that prided herself on being the conservator of liberty for the world, was so utterly blind to what liberty is, that by all her power, exerted in dreadful persecutions, she antagonized this true liberty as the most dangerous 