NOTE AND COMMENT There are 5,383 public libraries in the United States, and they contain 46,-601,509 volumes. Over 12,000,000 of these books were added in the last five years. The most disastrous storm known in many years prevailed on the English coasts from November 13 to i6. Upwards of thirty vessels are reported to have been wrecked, with a loss of life estimated at 180. Dr. Felix L. Oswald remarks upon the "strange fact" that "the frequency of political assassinations has enormously increased within the last hundred years," and is of the opinion that modern rulers "are expiating the sins of their pred-ecessors." It is stated by Catholic papers that "Bishop Sbarretti, having settled the question of church property in Cuba, has been appointed by the Pope delegate extraordinary to the Philippines, whither he will go about the end of the year to settle the church property question there." Senator Tillman, of South Carolina, is reported to have said recently, in speaking of the Booker Washing-ton incident : "The action of President Roosevelt in entertaining that nigger will necessitate our killing a thousand niggers in the South before they learn their place again." It is to be hoped  that Senator Tillman made no such statement. A comparison of the statistics of 1890 with those of 1900 of 341 cities of the United States, with an aggregate population of 21,660,631, indicates that there has been a decrease in the death rate from 21  per thousand to 18.6. Deaths from consumption have dropped from 24.54 in 1890 to 19.05 in 190o. But deaths from other causes show an in-crease. Fatal kidney diseases have in-creased from 59.7 to 83.7. The death rate caused by la grippe has increased, and that for cancer has also increased 12.1 in ten years. Apoplexy and heart disease and deaths from old age have gone up from 44.9 to 54. It is pointed out by the Chicago Record-Herald that "the trend of events during the last three or four years has placed the United Kingdom and. the United States in a most curious position as regards militarism. Neither of these nations supports a great standing army and both of them honestly profess the greatest aversion for war. Their laws and their civilization make for peace as those of no other countries do, and yet they are spending more on military account than those nations which maintain them-selves like an armed camp." The Record-Herald says that a com-parison of recent budgets shows that the annual cost of the armies and navies of the five great nations of the world, with 