1 Sunday at the Presbyterian General Assembly the Editor BY no means the least prominent of the matters brought before the 114th General Assembly of the Presby-terian Church, held in New York from May 15 to 26, was that of "Sabbath" observance. On the second day, shortly after the reading of the report of the committee on creed revision, the report of the special committee* on "Sabbath" observance was distributed, and it was decided that it should be the special or-der of business on the following Friday.- In the meantime the committee called a special meeting for the discussion of the question, which was held on the afternoon of Sunday, May i8, in the Fifth Avenue Presbyterian Church. This meeting was addressed by Mr. James Yereance, the chairman of the committee; Dr. J. W. Moffatt, President of Washington and Jefferson College; Dr. R. S. Holmes, of. Pittsburg, Pa. ; Dr. I. W. Hathaway, Secretary of the American Sabbath (Sunday) Union ; and Mrs. Wellington White, Secretary of the Woman's National Sabbath (Sun-day) Alliance. Isaiah 56: i-7 and 58: 13, 14 were read by Dr. Hathaway at the opening of the meeting, and in the prayer offered invocation was made to "Thou who didst institute the Sabbath in the garden of Eden." The speakers seemed to be deeply in earnest, and evidently regarded the sub-ject as one of very great importance. It was set forth that in many ways the "Lord's day" was being "threatened and encroached upon," and it was urged that *According to a resolution of a previous Assembly the American Sabbath (Sunday) Union "represents the Presbyterian Church in the United States of America in this Sunday observance] department of Christian work. ' But in addition to that it has a special commit-tee of its own, of which the president of the Sunday Union is an honorary member. its friends must arouse themselves to its vigorous defense. Mr. Yereance thought the question the most important that had been brought before the Assembly, not excepting that of creed revision, and in emphasizing this point, exclaimed : "Brethren of the ministry, tell me, what becomes of your vocation if the people generally cease to recognize and observe the Lord's day ?" He read as a happy omen the words of Dr. Hirsch, of Chi-cago, declaring the Sabbath of the Jews to be dead and advising the substitution of Sunday in its stead, and rejoiced that "the Jews are going to give up their Sabbath and come over and observe the rest day with us on the Sabbath." Dr. Moffatt undertook to tell why ap-peal was made to the law in this matter, and declared : "It is in behalf of enslaved men that we appeal to the state to give us protection for the Sabbath day." He set forth that in the complexity of pres-ent-day civilization, men, and especially laboring men, were "not, strictly speak-ing, individuals, because in the provi-dence of God they are parts of the body corporate." He contended that Sunday legislation and enforcement were neces-sary for the protection of the "religious liberty" of laboring men, who in this matter were the helpless slaves of their employers ! He drew a harrowing pic-ture of the poor workman who, desiring with all his heart to observe the "Sabbath" and toattend church, was prevented from doing so by the greed and heartlessness of his employer ! This "martyrdom," this robbery of the poor workingman of his religious liberty, he declared was widespread throughout the land, and called for action on the part of 