626 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY streets of Clinton the fruit stands do bus-iness on Sunday; the drug stores are all open selling medicines and anything else in the stores, and photographers take pictures on Sunday. Is that keeping the Sabbath day holy ? And is it keeping the day 'holy' to play golf and ball ?" He said that he did not want to interfere with the rights of any, but declared that "this great army have rio right to take away from the people this institution which is at the foundation of our civil and relig-ious freedom." He protested against this "assault" upon the "American Sabbath" on three grounds ; first, "because it is a war on God's enactment ;" second, "be-cause it is a war upon the statutes of this State ;" and third, "because it is a foreign war against American institutions." On this last point he declared that "if shells were being thrown from a foreign vessel into our community we should at once rush to the defense of our community," and asked if "we whose birth has been among the mountains of the United States, in old Scotia, or among the hills of Northern Ireland are to sit quietly down and see a surrender of the citadel of our religious freedom" to "men who, coming daily to our country, never knew the value of our Sabbath, and propose un-der the Ł liberty which they here find to destroy our liberties." This minister and other Sunday-en-forcement advocates who are fond of de-manding the restriction and abridgement of the liberty of their fellows under the sophistical pretension that they are guard-ing that liberty, need very much to have sounded in their ears these very pertinent words that were addressed to other min-isterial Sunday-enforcement advocates by a committee of Congress in 183o : "Do not all men in this country enjoy every religious right which martyrs and saints ever asked? Whence, then, the voice of complaint ? Who is it that, in  the full enjoyment of every principle which human laws can secure, wishes to wrest a portion of these principles from his neighbor ?" Never mind what the condition of these foreigners may be, nor what their attitude toward the "Sab-bath" may be, they are entitled to be free from the domination of other people in matters of religion ; and they have the right even in America to go their way unmolested by the impertinent intoler-ance of those who, in the full enjoy-ment of civil and religious liberty them-selves, would dishonor their country and the religion they profess by denying this liberty to others. In connection with the second of his "protests" the speaker "read from the re-vised statutes relative to Sabbath keep-ing, also making reference to a proposed national Sunday law for the District of Columbia, and to a ruling of the Su-preme Court arguing for the observance of the Sabbath as a necessity for physical reasons, adding that the validity of Sab-bath legislation has always been sus-tained by the courts." He declared that "those who war against the observance of the day have a contest with every man who has the right of franchise, because they war against national and State laws and the decisions of the United States Supreme Court." All of which might be true, and yet might establish nothing at all so far as the right of the matter is concerned. Those who oppose Sunday enforcement are not warring especially against the observance of the day, but against the attempt to enforce that ob-servance by law, and it is not at all unlike-ly that the position held by them in this matter has as good foundation and sup-port in American law and court de-cisions as has the position of those who do not scruple to employ the power of civil government in matters which should be left to the dictates of conscience. And 