804  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY sense it is at least as much a violation of the old Sundays laws to run rail-road excursions on Sunday as to paint churches; to carry on the manufacture of iron, etc., as to build school-houses; to publish and sell newspapers, operate street-car and railway systems, trans-port express, etc., as to sell groceries, fruit, candy, cigars, etc. And to treat some of these things as crimes while permitting and even sanctioning and supporting others is unjust and oppres-sive discrimination and partiality ; and the discrimination and partiality is ag-gravated by the fact that it favors the rich and powerful and is againstthe poor and humble. The Philadelphia Public Ledger is right when it declares : "If it is criminal to traffic in ice-cream and candy on Sunday, it is equally criminal to buy and sell newspapers [or to pub-lish them]. Our great industrial estab-lishments, which cannot wholly suspend operations on Sunday, are violators of the law. Above all the law is violated by the railway companies that ¥ transport tens of thousands of people every Sunday." Last spring the small dealers in Philadelphia, aroused by the partiality and discrimination in the en-forcement of the Sunday law of which they were the victims, sought to enforce it against other "worldly employment or business," and instituted prosecu-tions against the managers of a news company and a big ice-cream company and three of the leading newspapers. In the cases of the newspapers (the other defendants were discharged) the magistrate rendered an exhaustive opinion in which he held, in accord with the able argument of the attor-ney for the newspapers, that the Penn-sylvania Sunday law "fails to possess those requirements necessary to give it validity or make it susceptible of [legal and constitutional] enforce-nlent." This the opinion made perfectly  clear and established beyond all rea-sonable controversy. Now if the law is invalid and is not susceptible of legal and constitutional enforcement, is it not just as invalid and just as incapable of legal and constitutional enforcement in one case as in another in the case of a single, poor, humble individual as in the case of a great corporation? in the case of a small storekeeper as in the case of a great newspaper? Cer-tainly it is, and yet practically it is in-valid and incapable of enforcement only when powerful interests are affected, and is perfectly valid and capable of enforcement when a poor and humble individual is affected. Since this de-cision was rendered last spring every week small shopkeepers have been ar-raigned and fined. And yet all this time it has be n true, as it was true when the three great newspapers were prosecuted, that the Sunday law of Pennsylvania "fails to possess those re-quirements necessary to give it validity or make it susceptible of [legal and constitutional] enforcement" ! It is high time that such unjust and oppres-sive discrimination was being stopped. The Pennsylvania Sunday law should either be enforced impartially or else treated in all cases as the invalid statute that it is. But of course neither of these things will be done. It is im-possible at the present time to enforce the law literally and impartially, pub-lic sentiment and powerful interests will not allow that ; and there is an element sufficiently strong which will not permit entire non-enforcement of the law. So the law will continue to be enforced upon some while it is entirely a dead letter with regard to others. The fact that the enforcement of Sunday laws is no longer and can no longer be other than discriminatory and partial is a special reason why all enforcement of these laws should be stopped. Laws 