na Seeks§ Of COIL JA L11237-Err A weekly publication devoted to the maintenance and defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore opposed to any violation or compromise of the principle of separa- tion of church and state. Non-sectarian and non-par.`isan in the application of principles. Published by REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN., 222 N. Capitol St., Washington, D. C. To whom all communications of a business nature should be addressed. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance,and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates ofhis own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be ourduty, and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may fraely enjoy the ineetimahle blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, per monthsyear  " three months  To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .711 Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Con. respondence solicited. Any one receiving Tim SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN EERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. In a sermon at St. Paul, Minn., on September 27, Rev. John Copeland declared that he hoped " the time will soon come when it will be forbidden by law for any one to buy anything in the stores on Saturday afternoons." But he desired this enforced Satur-day half-holiday primarily not because it would " give those who work a chance for recreation," but because " in this way we should be rid of one of the excuses made now for the heathenish disregard with which we. treat Sunday." He thought there was altogether too much disregard of " the holiness of the day." The ministers' association and the Woman's Christian Temperance Union of Toledo, Ohio, recently " petitioned Mayor Jones for the enforcement of the closing of saloons on Sunday." " In reply he refused point blank, saying that such a proposition is impracti-cable, if indeed it is not impossible." He expressed the belief that " if the question were submitted to a referen-dum vote in this city, the vote would be overwhelmingly in favor of an open Sunday." " The citizens of Washington," Kan., were recently requested by the mayor through the columns of a local paper " to take notice of two sections of the State Sabbath laws." The two sections, which were presented with the notice, forbade sports and " games of any kind " and the selling or expos-ing for sale of " any goods, wares, or merchandise " on Sunday under pen-alty of a fine not exceeding fifty dollars. " No commonwealth is as yet en-lightened enough to sweep from its statute books all laws forbidding things in themselves innocent," says The Independent, and the best proof of it so far as the United States are con-cerned are the Sunday laws. $ Lao .5o .25 1.5o 