636 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY mediate ratification of the treaty which protects the friars in the right to stay as long as they please. We will consider this point at another time. The farewell audience given to the American "mission" by the Pope took place on July 20, at which time each member of the party was presented with "a personal gift enclosed in a morocco case and adorned with the papal arms." Governor Taft received a gold quill and pen "of exquisite workmanship, with Pope Leo's coat of arms on the feather ;" Bishop O'Gorman received a jeweled cross; Judge Smith and Major Porter re-ceived jubilee medals; and Mrs. Taft "an enamel reproduction of an ancient paint-ing of Saint Ursula surrounded by vir-gins." The Pope presented these gifts "to mark his satisfaction with the success of the negotiations." The success that he saw in the matter may be divined from a remark with which he was credited : "Having started direct relations with Washington is one of the happiest events of my pontificate." The Pope went farther in showing his satisfaction. When Bishop O'Gorman left Rome he bore with him a gift and an autograph letter from the Pope for President Roosevelt. He arrived in this country on August 12, and on August 16 delivered the letter and gift to the President at Oyster Bay, L. I. The gift was a mosaic picture of the Pope sitting on a terrace in the Vatican gardens and surrounded by a number of attendants and giving a view of Rome in the dis-tance. We present a picture of it else-where. It is in size about three by four feet and is enclosed in a heavy gilt frame. There is a clause in the national Consti-tution saying that "no person holding any office of profit or trust under them [the United States] shall, without the con-sent of Congress, accept of any present, emolument, office, or title of any kind  whatever, from any king, prince, or for-eign state." A leading Protestant journal explains that "this country does not rec-ognize the Pope's temporal kingdom, and Leo XIII. is to him a. civilian, and so President Roosevelt can take the pres-ent of the mosaic without danger of impeachment !" This may be the way to look at the matter, but we are of the opinion that the men who wrote that Ł clause of the Constitution would not have looked at it that way, Łand that there could have been no case in which they would have called that pro-hibition into play quicker than one in which a present was presented and ac-cepted from the head of the Church of Rome. The Pope's letter was as follows : MR. PRESIDENT: I am much pleased with the congratulations which you addressed to me in your letter of the 9th of May, and since, in ad-- dition to the good wishes also expressed through the government of the Philippines, you have added a present of your own works, I am doubly grateful. You, Mr. President, will surely remember the many expressions of good will which I have uttered concerning the United States. Nothing could be to me more agreeable than to assure you of my continued good wishes, Especially at the moment when the negotia-tions of Governor Taft, having ended in a satisfactory result for both sides, have come to strengthen the excellent understanding be-tween the Church and the United States authorities. As a token of my satisfaction I have charged Monseigneur O'Gorman to bring you a mosaic .picture from the workshop of the Vatican rep-resenting our gardens. May I ask you to keep it as a souvenir and as an expression of my friendly regard? LEo XIII. Rome, the Vatican, July 18, i9o2. There is but one excellent and proper understanding that can exist between "the Church" and the United States au-thorities, and that is the understanding which existed in 1776 after Benjamin Franklin had informed the papal nuncio in Paris, in reply to his request that 