EDITORIAL 117 Labor," which seems to have been a gathering of clergymen and actors, the question, "Shall We Have Open Theatres on Sunday ? " was discussed. The Rev. Walter E. Bentley, Secretary of the Act-ors' Church Alliance of America, who opened the discussion, said "that if the Church was to have a chance as the organized conscience of the country she must have the Lord's day to her own uses, and there must be no Sunday the-atres." And he showed that he knew just the method to adopt in this matter in order to give the church " a chance as the organized ccinscience of the coun-try," and to secure to her for " her own uses " the " Lord's day," by promptly proceeding to advocate " the framing of a law in New York that would give the actors the Sabbath rest they deserve." There you have it. Have a Sunday law in order to " give the actors the Sab-bath rest they deserve," for if you don't the " Church " will not " have a chance as the organized conscience of the coun-try," and will not " have the Lord's day to her own uses." And yet those who will defend this law will declare that it is not a measure in the interests of the " Church," but solely in the interests of the poor, overworked actors ! Mr. Bentley declared that " we have in New . York, for the first time in years, at the head of our police force a man who knows his business and who has the courage to do his duty," and that there-fore when the Sunday law against the-atres is enacted, " we may trust him to enforce the law." O Ł On January 29 the president of the Citizens' Union of New York City called upon Governor Odell, at Albany, in the interests of such a change in the Sunday-closing portion of the excise law as " would meet the conditions existing in New York in such a way that a stop  would be put to the present agitation over the non-enforcement of the existing law, and the bribery and corruption which it now promotes." It is reported that a " rather stormy interview " took place, and that the Governor declared that he had no sympathy whatever with the movement to alter the law so that the sa-loons could be legally opened a portion of the day on Sunday ; that he was thor-oughly opposed to having a " Continental Sunday " in New York ; that the present city administration " would be more pop-ular if it strictly enforced the law against Sunday saloons " ; and that no such legis-lation as was desired would receive his sanction even if it passed the legislature. This means, of course, that the Sunday law is to be tenaciously maintained, re-gardless of the corruption and bribery which it may promote. The people 'of New York must not be allowed to have the kind of Sunday they want ; they must have the kind of Sunday which is pro-duced by the attempt of other people to force upon them the kind of Sunday that they, the other people, want. Whatever may be the evils of the " Continental Sunday," whatever may be the evil of the liquor traffic on Sunday, and it is an evil always and all the time, nobody nor any set of people have the right to dictate to other people the sort of Sunday they shall have. That is not a proper use of legis-lative power, and any law with respect to the liquor traffic which is a regulation of matters on Sunday because the day is Sunday, rests upon an utterly un-Amer-ican basis, and is more " Continental " than even the " Continental Sunday." It is in accordance with American principle to let people direct themselves in such a matter as Sunday observance ; it is in accordance with the despotic, monarchi-cal, and church-and-state " Continental " principle and practice, from the time of Constantine down, to regulate Sundae observance by the civil law. 