SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 29 tions to do their work. The Sunday Cigar and Candy Sunday-Closing As-sociation in its regular report, he said, styled Vail its "business agent." Mag-istrate O'Brien reserved his decision in the cases of Sunday violation until next Wednesday. We have not learned the outcome of  this matter. Next week we shall report one or two more hearings that have recently taken place of the cases of shopkeepers who have been prosecuted under the Sunday law by the agents of the "Sabbath" Association, and also present more excellent comment that has been made by the Public Ledger. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the it ems in most instances must he a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. It is reported from Muskegon, Mich., that "the Sabbath union is conducting a fight against the saloons to put a stop to selling liquor on Sunday." On De-cember 20 "members of the Sabbath union went the rounds of the saloons," and "union officials say they have evi-dence against seventeen liquor deal-ers." "If warrants are issued for these, the circuit court will have twenty-four cases of Sunday violations on its calendar." In Justice Tris's court at Des Moines, Iowa, on December 22, Aaron Richman was "fined $3.33 and costs, making his expenditure over $13, for selling mer-chandise on Sunday." "As a defense Richman claimed that he only changed a pair of shoes," but "the State intro-duced several witnesses who had seen people going from the store on Sunday with bundles, beneath their arms." The Des Moines Capital very appropri-ately beaded this item of news, "Sun-day Violation Punished." Strange, isn't it, that in the United States to-day men should be punished in civil courts for violating a religious observ-ance? It is strange, but it is literally true. It was reported from McKinney, Tex., on December 21 that "a Blue Ridge druggist has been arrested on a grand jury indictment for selling ci-gars on Sunday." It must be con- sidered a serious offense to sell cigars on the first day of the week at that place. The dispatch continued: "County Attorney Merritt states that under the existing State law it is his duty to prosecute for the selling of goods of any character on Sunday, ex-cept that a grocerman may sell pro-visions until 9 a. m. Shrouding mate-rial, he says, may be sold at any time, but drug stores can only sell drugs, and hotels, boarding houses, and res-taurants can only sell meals, under the existing Sunday law." It was recently reported from Dallas, Tex., that "the Sunday-closing ques-tion is one of the intense local issues of the time in Dallas." The police force has been active of late in "ap-prehending violators of the Sunday-closing law" against saloons, and a controversy has arisen "between City Judge Smith and Police Commissioner Blaylock because of the few convictions in the city court of saloonmen charged with Sunday-law violations." On De-cember 20 "four saloonmen were ar-rested and placed under bond, charged with selling intoxicating liquors on Sunday." The police commissioner de-clares: "We propose to continue our vigorous campaign against the viola-tors of the Sunday-closing law. I have given strict orders to the police to see that this law is enforced." 