454 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY transmitted by the secretary to the mayor of our city and the board of public safety, and also to the city papers. The second appeared on the first page of the Santa Cruz (Cal.) Morning Sen-tinel of Sunday, June 7, and was intro-duced by the statement that " this pro-test will be read and indorsed by eight of the churches in this city to-day." The words in capitals appeared thus in the Sentinel, and were no doubt made espe-cially empathic by the authors of the pro-test: To the Mayor and Members of the City Council of Santa Cruz: We, the ministers and members of the churches and congregations of the city of Santa Cruz, do hereby earnestly protest against the holding of Sunday band concerts in our city during the summer season for the fol-lowing reasons : t. Said concerts, when held on the Sabbath, are a violation of the law of God, which says: " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." Ex. 20 : 8. 2. The Sabbath is an AMERICAN, as well as a divine institution. The men who laid the foundation of our liberties and greatness were observers of the Sabbath. The Pilgrim Fathers, in full sight of Plymouth Rock, cast anchor amid hail and sleet, refusing to land because the day of their arrival was the Sab-bath. In all the colonies the Sabbath was strictly observed, and when these colonies be-came States each and all incorporated into their constitutions sections recognizing the Sabbath and for the enforcement of its observance. Hence the Sabbath is as much an AMERICAN institution as the public school system, the ballot box or trial by jury. The Sabbath is an integral part of Christian-ity. Of Christianity Chief Justice Story, uni-versally acknowledged to be one of the greatest justices that ever presided over the Supreme Court of the United States, said : " There has never been a period in which the common law did not recognize Christianity as lying at its foundation." Professor Dwight, of Columbia Law School, says : " It is well settled by the courts of the leading States that Christianity is a part of the common law of the States." ,Hence it logically follows from the statements of these two great lawyers that the common law recognizes the duty of observing the Sab-lath, and that they endorse the Sabbath as an  AMERICAN as well as a divine institution. As further proof of this statement we cite the fact that every State in the Union, except California, has incorporated in its constitution provisions for the protection and observance of the Sabbath. California only, of all the States in the Union, as far as the Sabbath is con-cerned, has chosen to place itself on a level with heathen China and the barbaric portions of Africa. Furthermore, the Supreme Court of the United States in a decision rendered February 29, 1892, in the matter of the Rector of the Church of the Holy Trinity of New York vs. the United States, t  read by Justice Brewer, made the following declaration: " These and many other matters which might be noted add a volume of unofficial declarations to the mass of organic utterances THAT THIS IS A CHRISTIAN NATION." From this opinion there was no dissent. It stands as the unanimous decision of the highest tribunal of this country, and by this decision that tribunal necessarily recognizes the Sab-bath, inasmuch as it is an integral part of Christianity, and is essential to the constitution of a Christian nation or State, as an AMER-ICAN INSTITUTION. From these state-ments, drawn from the highest sources, it can not but be evident that the Sabbath is one of the first and most fundamental institutions of the United States of America, and in making this protest we are pleading for AMERICAN-ISM AS AGAINST FOREIGNISM AND HEATHENISM. 3. These band concerts, if held on Sunday, as advertised, will be a direct violation of the VESTED RIGHTS of the churches of this city. During all these years since the churches we represent have been establishd in this city, a quiet Sunday has been accorded them as their rightful day for holding divine services without interruption, disturbance or hindrance of any kind of the solemn sacredness of the day. This city cannot afford to allow the vested rights of its churches to be assailed and their services to be hindered and disturbed by the flare of bands on the Sabbath day, thus undermining these churches, which are the bulwark of public morality, virtue and right-eousness. A fourth reason alleged that " Sunday concerts and open theatres on Sunday, against which we also protest, are inimi-cal to the highest and best interests of the city itself." It was set forth that " if 