" Am Delighted With It" says the SENATE POSTMASTER of a western State Speaking of theŠ Webster Dictionary and Complete Vest-Pocket Library Five Books in One A Dictionary 2 A Gazetteer 3 A Parliamentary Manual 4 An Expert Calculator 5 Literary Guide 45,800 WORDS PRICES: Morocco Bound, with stamp holder, 60e Leather Cloth " - . 25c ŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁŁ PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 11 West 20th St., N. Y. City. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 463 however, intends to conduct his business on his own lines, and a large number of people are in sympathy with him." It is expected that the matter will be tested in the courts. O Mrs. Jennie Lavine, who keeps a little grocery store at 27 Kirkland Street, Bos-ton, Mass., was fined $io and costs on June 22 for selling groceries on Sunday, June 7. An officer had " noticed a num-ber of women coming out of the grocery with bundles," and " promptly arrested the feminine proprietor." At the trial Mrs. Lavine " stoutly maintained that all she sold was bread and milk." Ł One saloonkeeper was fined $1oo, eight $85 each, and four $70 each, in the district court of Blue Earth County, Minn., recently for " violating the Sun-day-closing laws."ŠAt Griffin, Ga., on June 22, a saloonkeeper " was bound over by the recorder on the charge of violating the Sunday ordinance by selling whiskey on the Sabbath." Ł Notwithstanding " the boss barbers as a rule were opposed to the measure," the journeymen barbers' unions of Daven-port, Iowa, and Rock Island, Ill., have decided " to cut out all Sunday work " on and after July 12. It has been the custom in these cities to keep the shops open Sunday mornings. Ł Sunday bicycle racing took place at Belleville, N. J., on July 5 " without the threatened interference of the author-ities." The further action of the " cit-izens' committee " that was formed some weeks ago to fight the Sunday racing will " depend upon the orderly conduct of the meets." Ł At a meeting of the retail clerks' associ- ation of Syracuse, N. Y.,, on June 22, " committee of thirty-five was appointed to see that the law regarding Sunday clos-ing is enforced." These thirty-five will act as detectives on Sundays to apprehend any merchants who may keep open. O It was reported from Orange, Texas, on June 5 that " the Sunday law is to be rigidly enforced, beginning with next Sunday." All the merchants and the cigar and soda-water dealers had " been notified by the city marshal not to sell on Sunday under penalty of fine." O A report from Mankato, Minn., says " County Attorney Wilson is right after the saloon-keepers of Mankato for vio-lating the Sunday-closing law, and has issued about one hundred warrants against culprits and witnesses." O The park board of West Superior, Wis., has forbidden dancing on Sunday at the city parks. 