"NATIONAL CHRISTIANITY" ON EXHIBITION 211 In this connection two pictures sug-gest themselves. One would represent a scene described by a returned sergeant of a Western regiment, who seemed to rel-ish its recital. A member of the regi-ment deserted and went over to the enemy. Some time afterward he was wounded in an engagement and cap-tured. His captors did not belong to his particular regiment, but some of them had known him, and now recognized him. So, without further ceremony, he was run through with bayonets, held up, and shot to death in that position. The sergeant who told the story to a press re-porter boastingly said that if the deserter had fallen into the hands of members of his own regiment he would have been served worse than that. The second picture would represent a scene where the dead bodies of Filipinos were used to fill up a moat so that some army wagons could be drawn over. This was told to the writer by a young private soldier who had witnessed the act. The same young man, who was wounded in the battle of Manila, told of seeing his comrades coolly shoot down inoffensive, unarmed natives just for sport. And when he remonstrated with them, they derided him as being a "nigger lover." It is not the purpose of this article to show that war by the Government of the T_Initecl States is any worse than war by  any other government. These instances would not be mentioned at all but for the persistent claim that "this is a Christian nation." It is not the Government as such that is under consideration; it is the claim of Christianity for a government that engages in work to which such scenes are incidental. The acts of the army to which allusion has been made were committed under the flag of the Government; so that if the Government insists on its Christian profession, log-ically these acts must pass as "national Christianity." Neither is it the purpose of this article to detract one jot or tittle from the good Christian 'work that has been done by in-dividuals of the nation, either under their own responsibility or under the auspices of churches and societies. But such work is not "national Christianity." All that can be said in the nation's behalf is that it has in the main (although there have been exceptions) protected men in their right to live out and to proclaim the gospel of Christ. Yet this has been done to more or less extent by every govern-ment on earth to-day, as far as known, even by those professedly opposed to Christianity. Therefore a mere police protection is not Christianity. The idea of "national Christianity" is sheer fiction, and every attempted display in that name can be only fictitious. The State superintendent of the press department of the New York W.C.T.U. says with regard to the demand for the legalizing of Sunday liquor selling: "Scientific temperance truths with the authority of reputable and able scientists are the replies needed, rather than the moral and religious argument in regard to Sabbath-keeping." This is a wise ob- servation. "The moral or religious argu-ment in regard to Sabbath-keeping" is no argument upon which to base civil legislation, and the W.C.T.U., in its ef-forts to secure legislation against the liquor traffic, will do well to turn from this argument to those that are more con-sistent with the proper objects of civil government 