54 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. One of the saddest remarks that I ever heard come from the lips of a child was when he said, in my presence, that he wished he could see a man burned. I do not think the impression made upon a youth by reason of the fact that he has witnessed the unlawful execution of an individual ever wholly disappears. In some instances, the executions by mobs have not only been witnessed by boys of tender age, but by women." On taking the professorship of the chair of international law at Yale Uni-versity recently, Mr. Henry Wade Rogers, formerly president of the North-western University, sounded a strong note of warning against the "centralizing tendency" manifested in "the enormous financial consolidations of the present time." While the assassinator of President McKinley was awaiting the final action of the law in his case certain journals which delight in morbid sensations in-formed the country that there was "an astonishing amount . of patriotism among" the criminals confined with him, and that "the felons in stripes loathe Czolgosz and do not regard him as a wrong-doer in the same class with them-selves," and that "they would like to put him to death in awful agony." One of the assassin's fellow-prisoners had murdered his wife, another his sweet-heart, one had killed a prison-keeper, and one a farmer. These things mean that either his fellow-murderers were on a moral plane to which there is no evi-dence that Czolgosz had yet descended, or else that there are some newspapers in this country that are willing to go to very reprehensible lengths in promoting a very sickly and nauseating sentiment.  An exchange well remarks : "In the mind of the great Judge of all men there is probably no fine-spun distinction as to the realative criminality of killing a President and killing a wife or sweet-heart. . . . Inmates of prisons, presum-ably criminals, would do better to repent of their own sins than to revile their fellow-sinners." At the Methodist preachers' meeting at 15o Fifth Avenue, this city, on No-vember i8, this resolution was passed : "Resolved, That we are unalterably and uncompromisingly opposed to the opening of saloons on Sunday, and trust that the next legislature of the State will not countenance such flagrant class legislation and 'invasion of the sanctity of the Sabbath." It was also resolved that copies of this resolution be sent to Mr. Low and Mr. Jerome. Dr. Johnston declared that he could not "imagine anything more out-rageous" than the proposition to have saloons legally opened on Sunday. Dr. Neely said that it was "astonishing that such an assault upon the sanctity of the Sabbath should have been devised." The newspapers of New York City, while opposing the attitude of minis-ters and others with reference to the Sunday closing law, do not seem dis-posed to consider the question on its real merits and to come right to the heart of the matter. They do not take issue with the religious sentiment which demands legal promotion of "Sabbath" observance, but argue the matter on other ground. They declare that as liquor is sold anyhow that it will be better to so change the law that it can be legally sold, so that those who buy and sell will not have to regard them- 