122  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY this convention it was officially stated that the paid membership of the national organization was 16o,000, and the total enrolled membership about 300,000. Our Frontispiece We give herewith further particulars regarding the scenes shown in our fron-tispiece, there not being sufficient space for full descriptions under the illustra-tion. As stated, the first scene repre-sents the trial of Thomas Gould at Charlestown, Mass., in October, 1656. He was convicted of denying baptism to his child, and was given until the next term of court to mend his ways. The admonition of the court not changing his purpose in the matter, Gould, and several of his brethren who believed as he did, were tried for "schism." They were convicted, and were disfranchised and warned by the court that if they were convicted again on the same charge they would be imprisoned until the court saw fit to release them. They were convicted again, and were imprisoned for almost a year, and at a subsequent time were im-prisoned for "a long time." A full ac-count of the matter is given in Adams's "Emancipation of Massachusetts," pp. 118-125. The other picture is the closing scene at the trial of Gotloeb Wenzer, who was convicted and fined at Mexico, Mo., last October, for "Sabbath-breaking." His Sunday-keeping neighbors swore that they had seen him "stacking straw and oats at different times on Sunday," and that he and his wife did not go to church when his neighbors did. A press dis-patch from Mexico, dated October 11, read: "Late this evening, just before ad-journing circuit court for the night, Judge Hughes had Sabbath-breaker Got- loeb Wenzer before him. The man who had been convicted and fined for working on his farm on Sunday stood beside his wife and little children as the judge looked him in the face and said : 'The motion for a new trial is overruled. I will parole you for one year, and you will appear in this court at the January term and pay these fines. If you break the Sabbath again by working on that day, I will send the sheriff out after you and have him put you in jail.' Wenzer prom-ised not to work any more on Sunday." The Sentinel, in its issue of October 17, 1901, published quite a full account of this trial and the circumstances leading up to it. The candid, fair-minded person who reads the particulars of these two cases will say at once that the same principle is involved in each, and one of these men was as much the victim of religious in-tolerance as the other. Yet it is a strange and remarkable fact that while the law which made possible one of these cases of persecution would be universally scorned to-day as fit only for the Dark Ages, the law which makes possible the other case of persecution is regarded by many people as perfectly proper and fitting in these days. Read carefully in the article entitled, "Why Sunday Laws are Wrong," what is said of the similarity between the divine requirement of Sab-bath observance and the divine require-ment of baptism. "It is a singular fact," says the North Adams (Mass.) Herald, "that in all coun-tries where there is no law forbidding drinking on Sunday, there is very little drunkenness, and where the laws against Sunday drinking are the most severe, intoxication is most frequent." 