EDITORIAL. 789 was deputy collector of the port of San Francisco under one administration of President Cleveland. ' During a Sunday-closing campaign prosecuted a few months since by the re-tail grocers' association of Columbus, Ohio, it was announced as quite a vic-tory that at last the groceryman who had held out the longest had agreed to "com-ply with the law, but that his door will be open on Sundays, as no one can enter his saloon unless they first pass through the grocery." This is typical of most Sunday enforcement "victories." Hon-est labor and business is made criminal while those things which destroy charac-ter and manhood proceed as usual. Vice is simply given a free hand by the sup-pression of the honest business and labor with which it is obliged to compete on other days. An authority on Cuban affairs says "Cuba's fundamental grievance against Spain was caused by economic rather than by political oppression." Then Cuba's fundamental grievance remains, notwithstanding her great "deliverance from oppression," for all authorities agree that economically she is as bad off to-day as she was for the most part un-der Spain. A change of political mastery has been accomplished, and with that a change in the authority against which Cuba has her fundamental grievance. It is hard to say, in the large sense, that anything more than that has been ac-complished. A dispatch from Rome says "the Vati-can is in receipt of numerous protests against the anti-Catholic propaganda in the Philippines," in which "it is asserted that the Catholics ought to be allowed en-tire freedom of religious teaching among  a community whose only form of wor-ship is Catholic." The senders of these protests, in perfect harmony with Roman Catholic principles, mean by "entire free-dom of religious teaching," entire monop-oly of religious teaching. They mean that the law should suppress all religious teaching but that of Catholicism. The title and name of the person whom the Pope has appointed as "Apos-tolic Delegate in the Philippines," and through whom the Papacy will continue at Manila the negotiations that were ad-journed from Rome, is Monsignor Guidi. He was "consecrated" a "titular bishop" in Rome on Sepetmebr 21, and left there about the middle of October for Manila. It is announced in this country that "it is thought at the War Department that three years may be required for a com- plete settlement of the question of the friars' lands." The great Congressional Library at Washington is to be opened hereafter on Sundays from 2 to I0 P.M., the librarian Mr. Herbert Putnam, having secured during the last session of Congress an ap-propriation to meet the expense of such opening. More than three times the number required for the extra service on Sunday responded when the call for vol-unteers for that purpose was made to the library employees. The "Sunday Enforcement" depart-ment is omitted from this number not because there is not just as much as ever to chronicle in that direction, but because other matter crowded it out. In the De-cember SENTINEL the "Sunday Enforce-ment" items will cover two months in-stead of one, so that our readers will lose nothing in this direction that is of in-terest and importance. 