THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY secutions and oppressions of the past; they said that since God has created men "equal" and endowed them with cer-tain "unalienable rights," let us recog-nize those facts, and not fly in the face of Providence by opposing them. Such, in brief, is a statement of the lamb-like principles upon which this gov-ernment was founded. And every Amer-ican can read them in full in the United States Constitution and Declaration of ,Independence. But, according to the prophecy under consideration, these mild, yet eternally solid principles of civil and religious free-dom will be abandoned. The sure Word of God says of this great nation, "And he spake as a dragon." It is sad to con-template it. But to controvert it is to controvert the words of Jehovah. It is not mere men who have made the predic-tion, but God Himself has declared it. He has not decreed that it should be so, but, knowing beforehand what would take place, He has simply announced to all ,who can be led to believe His Word what will be the course of this nation. Like all of the great nations of an-tiquity this country will go down. But when this country falls all the world goes with her. This nation has afforded an asylum for the oppressed. The cruel ty-rant saw his victims escaping to this city of refuge and stopped to consider what would be the outcome of this "new ex-periment of democracy." The lamb-like power grew and increased in might and influence. The deriding world began to wonder, then to admire, next to court, and finally to follow the great and glori-ous and free and liberty-loving Republic of the Western World. And with the world thus admiring and following it is perfectly plain that all will fall into the same destruction that shall finally engulf the beloved America. Some may question the fact of Amer- ica's leadership in the world, but if you question, we pray you, be careful to rec-ognize the facts. For the questioning of facts does not change them in the least. It only changes our attitude toward them, and may possibly throw us where we will go down in the oncoming destruction. "And he spake as a dragon." What are the indications to-day that this na-tion will so far forsake her principles that she will speak as a dragon ? Let us con-sider a few points and see. This country, especially during the last twenty-five or thirty years, has shown an unparalleled amassing .of wealth into the hands of a few individ-uals. Already the principles of equality and freedom are so fully out of sight that a small minority of men hold every commodity of commerce and industry within their grasp. Everything now must be subordinated to the accumula-tion.  of money. And the influence of money is that which sways and moves the world. The money power has an iron grip on everything that pertains to this present world. Legislatures, city coun-cils, and public officials in general are corrupted and controlled by the relent-less tyranny of wealth. These corrupt-ing influences of the money power are destroying the consciences of men, and the money god is made paramount in every mind. And to make the struggle for wealth all the more intense, this age has adopted a very extravagant manner of living. The simple and satisfying conditions of our fathers will no longer suffice. The glitter of the luxurious enjoyments that may be purchased with gold is constantly before the attention. We meet it every-where. And so every energy must be fully exerted to get money, and still more and more money. And now it seems that America is not large enough. New territory must be 