EDITORIAL 447 happy and rational in the choice of the positions in defense of which he employs his gift of eloquence than in the above instances. Ł Whatever Harper's Weekly may have been a while back it is evident that under its new editorial management it is neith-er the apologist for imperialism nor the ally of Romanism. Its editorial utter-ances now have the ring that those of a journal of its standing should have. Regarding American brutalities in the Philippines, and with special reference to the Smith order, it says : The whole business smacks too closely of Weylerism to find any toleration in this country. We have applied to the Spanish gen-eral the epithets of Butcher and others of woful significance too persistently to permit of our facing about at this late date and even tacitly approving of methods precisely similar to his. We declined to permit the Spaniards to prolong the campaign of cruelty instituted by him in Cuba, and in October, 1897, the United States peremptorily demanded the re-call of General Weyler. We are face to face with an analogous position to-day, only the boot is on the other leg. It is our own in-humanities that we are called upon to aban-don, and what was our plain duty in the case of an outsider four years ago is none the less our duty in our own case to-day. With reference to another most sig-nificant phase of this whole matter, it says.: Unless the American idea of government is all wrong, the people have got to understand, or the whole mechanism will go to pieces, and here is the reason for a continual and vehe-ment protest against a danger which is insidi-ous because it takes on the guise of a good. Under the theory that the people ought not to be bothered or worried, or with the conviction that a policy can be best carried out to the ultimate benefit of all concerned if questioning and criticism is avoided, some very well-mean-ing servants of the public adopt and justify the policy of silence. Imperialism has gone ahead on the  avowed assumption that the wisdom, the intelligence, the good judgment, the hon-or, the humanity of the American people was such that the domination of another people could he safely undertaken by them. So soon it has come to the con-clusion that this work is of such a nature that the wisdom, the intelligence, the good judgment, the honor, the humanity on which alone it can have any possible justification, is not needed, and in fact is far more of a hindrance than a help. And thus the policy of silence, a strange policy for a republic, and certainly a new policy in America, is adopted and defended. According to The Independent a de-fender of religious liberty has appeared in the very stronghold of orthodoxy and intolerance in Russia. The Greek Church of Russia has for a decade or longer been holding annual "Mission Congresses" for the purpose of devising ways and means to spread its influence and espe-cially to extend its power over the "Ras-col," or Sects. At the last annual con-gress, which was held at Orel, Mr. Stacowitz, the marshal of the nobility in the government of Orel, delivered an ad-dress that has not only greatly stirred the whole orthodox church, but has se-cured wide attention not only in Russia but in other countries. The speaker de-clared that in antagonizing religious lib-erty the Russian Church authorities had been building its structure in forgetful-ness of the cornerstone. He declared that it should be the privilege of every one to decide upon his own religious convic-tions, and that any person should have the privilege of severing his connection with the state church if he so desired, and the state should not any longer pun-ish such a step. This is said to have been the first time a prominent and influ-ential Russian official and layman in a 