THE GREAT APOSTASY 171 cerned, and became one of the most tre-mendous and most pitiless despotisms that the world has ever seen.* CONSTANTINE became emperor, and the bishop of Rome emerged from the Cata-combs to become one of the ruling powers of the world. This sudden change [from persecution by, to alliance with, the state] was followed by an almost total loss of the simplicity and purity of the days of persecution. Magnificent churches were erected by the emperor in Rome, adorned with images and pictures, where the bishop sat on a lofty throne, encircled by inferior priests, and performing rites borrowed from the splendid ceremonial of the pagan temple. The bishop of Rome became a prince of the Empire, and lived in a style of luxury and pomp that awakened the envy or the just indigna-tion of the heathen writer Marcellinus. ... His haughty bearing and profuse luxury were remarked upon by both pagans and Christians as strangely in-consistent with the humility and sim-plicity enjoined by the faith which he professed. It is a singular trait of the corrupt Christianity of this period that the chief characteristic of the eminent prelates was a fierce and ungovernable pride. Hu-mility had long ceased to be numbered among the Christian virtues. The four great rulers of the church (the bishop of Rome and the patriarchs of Constan-tinople, Antioch, and Alexandria) were engaged in a constant struggle for su-premacy. Even the inferior bishops as-sumed a princely state, and surrounded themselves with their sacred courts. The vices of pride and arrogance descended to the lower orders of the clergy ; the emperor himself was declared to be in- *Dr. Minot J. Savage. "The Passing and the Permanent in Religion" (G. P. Putnam's Sons, New York, tgot). ferior in dignity to the simple presbyter, and in all public entertainments and cere-monious assemblies the proudest layman was expected to take his place below the haughty churchman. As learning de-clined and the world sunk into a new barbarism, the clergy elevated themselves into a ruling caste, and were looked upon as half-divine by the rude Goths and de-graded Romans.. . . The bishop lived in imperial pomp ; the lower orders of the clergy imitated his license and his ex-ample ; the people were sunk in supersti-tion and vice. The first era of successful Christianity, indeed, was more luxurious and corrupt than had been that of Au-gustus or Tiberius. The bishopric of Rome now became a splendid prize, for which the ambitious and unprincipled contended by force or fraud. The bishop was elected by the clergy and the populace of the city.... On an election day the streets of Rome were often filled with bloodshed and riot. Churches were garrisoned, stormed, sacked, and burned ; and the opposing candidates, at the head of their respective parties, more than once, asserted their spiritual claims by force of arms. Gregory the Great died in 6o4, having established the power of the Roman bishopric, and his successors assumed the title of Pope. Under Gregory the Roman See became the acknowledged head of the Western Church. The next important period in its history is the acquisition of its temporal dominions by an unscrupu-lous intrigue with the usurping kings of France.... To gratify their own craving for temporal power, the popes founded the new dynasty of the Carlovingians.... The powerful Franks now became the protectors of the Papacy. Pepin gave to the popes the Exarchate and protected them from the Lombards ; and thus France founded the temporal power of Rome. From this time the Roman bishops 