The Supremacy of the Papacy By Alonzo T. Jones X VIP The Coming Supremacy and Its Culmination I T cannot be denied that on every hand evidence is open and plain to all that the Papacy has secured and is securing power over the United States. It cannot be denied that the elements are at work that make it certain that this thing will certainly grow until her power is com-plete here for all that she will ever want to do. And when this shall have been satisfac-torily gained, we have her own words that what she has done for other nations in the past she will now do for the United States. And we have given the plain historical record that when she had the power over other nations which she is now aiming at over the United States, she proved " an unmitigated curse, po-litically, socially, and morally " ; and that is what she will prove here. This story does not stop with her gain-ing power over the United States only. In the event of the success of her design here, it does not stop here; for we are given her own words that from the begin-ning the success of her design with regard to the United States is intended only as a means of gaining Europe. And that thing will be gained with re-spect to Europe as certainly as she gains this with respect to the United States. The same machinery precisely is in Eu-rope to bring this about there, that is being worked assiduously in the United States to bring it about here. The ele-ments of discord, strike, and riot are as prevalent and as strong there as they are here. These will be more and more dis-turbing and more and more prevalent until the nations shall be so distressed, s This is the concluding article of the series. as in the coal strike here last fall, that they shall face dangers that will require fairly desperate remedies. And in these crises she will kindly set herself forth and present herself as the great source of peace; as a kind mediator and arbi-trator of all difficulties and all troubles between the discontented people and dis-tressed and perplexed governments. And the governments will accept her offers. They will recognize her and will accept her as their hope of peace. And this will exalt her again in Europe to the place that she occupied before, as the recognized head of the nations. And even so says the Scripture : The ten horns that you saw are ten kings, who have not yet received their kingdoms; but for an hour they receive the authority of kings, in conjunction with the Beast. These kings are of one mind in surrendering their power and authority to the Beast. Rev. 17: 12-13. Then it is that she will congratulate herself, and in her heart say : " I sit here a queen ; no widow am I ; I shall never know misery." The nations have sep-arated from her in the late centuries past. The United States by its principles of religious liberty, of separation of church and state, has been one of the chief means of these nations separating from her. She wants to bring them back. She must gain possession of power in the United States before she can bring them back. And through the difficulties largely created by herself in the United States, she can bring about such a condition of things as she desires, and compel the recognition of the Church by the govern-ment as essential to government. Then she can proclaim to all the nations of 