EDITORIAL which takes young men and boys into the suburbs and keeps them in the open air and sunshine and away from the saloons and the street corners, should be gener-ally commended and encouraged." We are glad to say that the view of the Eagle in this matter is shared by many other great newspapers. None but those who are blinded by the desire to dictate the religious conduct of others advocate the prohibition of such games by the law or its agents. According to Dr. Martin D. Kneeland, of the New England Sabbath (Sunday) Protective (Enforcement) League, "there are many blind policemen who need a West Indian volcano to wake them up" to violations of the legal Sun-day. Thus he declared on the evening of May i8 at a meeting in the Roxbury Presbyterian church, Boston, held in the interests of Sunday enforcement. "I was told to-night," said he, "of a store in this vicinity which was selling candy to-day. The policeman on the route passed and repassed the store several times, but did nothing." A terrible, terrible condi-tion of affairs ! The Constitution of the United States declares that "treason against the United States shall consist only in levying war against them, or in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort." Some leading newspapers and some leading men, military and civil, have taken it upon themselves in the recent past to declare in effect that treason against the United States consists in ad-hering to the fundamental principles of the nation, giving them the place and precedence they deserve and the empha-sis and advocacy that the times demand. An important question is, Which of these widely different ideas with ,regard to treason is to prevail in the future?  509 On June 17 Senator Dryden, of New Jersey, presented in the Senate at Wash-ington "petitions of the congregation of the Methodist Episcopal Church of Bor-dentown, and of the Christian Endeavor Society of Vineland, in the State of New Jersey, praying for the enactment of a Sunday-rest law for the District of Co-lumbia." The petitions were referred to the Committee on the District of Colum-bia. The inquiry might very properly be made as to why people way up in New Jersey are concerned especially about having "Sunday rest" enforced in the District of Columbia, but the secret of the interest of these religious organiza-tions in this Sunday legislation is not dif-ficult to read and comprehend. It seems that the ministerial advocates of Sunday enforcement are not to be al-lowed to monopolize the laws of physiol-ogy and the testimony of medical men .in their attempts to justify such enforce-ment. As noted elsewhere, in a recent case in Michigan the attorney for cer-tain ball players, who were being tied for Sunday playing, urged that mental and physical relaxation on Sunday was a necessity, and produced three physi-cians who testified that as a means to that end there was nothing better for some people than watching a game of ball. The advocates of Sunday enforce-ment will have to cast about for some other excuse for their religion-by-law propaganda. With regard to Governor 'raft's recep-tion at the Vatican the Minneapolis Times remarks that "it is t high compli-ment to the success of American institu-tions when an American emissary, with-out plenary powers, is given a hearing of more satisfactoriness than has been ac-corded to fully accredited ambassadors of European monarchies bent on less im- 