"DECHRISTIANIZING THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS" 527 forcement."ŠBusiness men of Faribault, to put a stop to Sunday baseball."ŠThe Minn., have been asked to sign a peti- authorities of Lanesboro, Minn., have N tion to the authorities requesting them forbidden Sunday ball playing. Although it holds that " secular in-struction alone can be furnished by general taxation," and that " religious instruction in the public schools is prohibited by the constitution of the State of New York and can only be made possible by the amendment of that fundamental law," the New York Sun seems to be of the opinion that the public schools ought to, or at least do, inculcate Christianity, and are of such a character that they can be " dechris-tianized." An editorial printed on June 23, which seems to have been based on this idea, has called forth this very ap-propriate comment from an editorial writer on the Chicago Israelite: The New York Sun recently indited an editorial styled " Dechristianizing the Public Schools." I wonder if the writer of this edi-torial ever stopped to think that our public schools never were Christian, so that they never could be dechristianized. If he did not, it is about time that he were beginning now to do a little thinking on this subject. Our public schools have nothing to do with re-ligion, with Christianity, Buddhism, Moham-medanism or Judaism. It is perfectly neutral on this question. It takes the editorial wri-ters of the New York Sun a long time to find this out. What the writer of the above-mentioned editorial meant when he spoke of the dechristianizing of the public schools was that the Jews were demanding their rights in urging the exclusion of everything Christian in the conduct of our public school systemŠthis and nothing more. He says: At theŁconvention of the Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations, on Sunday, it was re-ported that this movement to influence the school policy had been carried to the extent of objection to anything in the public instruc-tion savoring of Christianity distinctively. It was complained that the by-laws for the open-ing of the schools with the reading of a few verses in the Bible had been interpreted in  some cases to allow the reading of verses from the New Testament. And, again, that among the songs taught the children were included Christian hymns, that at about the Christmas season more especially, plays, hymns, and other exercises of a distinctively Christian character are taught and recited. Commenting on this the editor of the Sun says: The report says that when these complaints were made to Superintendent Maxwell he as-sured the committee that the board of edu-cation would instruct teachers that it would not countenance the practise. That is, the old Christian demand that the secularization of education should not go to the extent of excluding the reading of the Bible in schools has been succeeded by Jewish demand for their dechristianization. New York can no longer be regarded as a Christian City. Perhaps the editor of the New York Sun never knew that New York never was a Christian city. If its morality is taken into consideration, it certainly never was a Chris-tian city, and when viewed from the public school question it never should have been, if it ever was. What the Orthodox Union de-manded at this late date should have been demanded long ago. It was wholly in accord-ance with the spirit of the Constitution of these United States. It is simply acting as Washington, Jefferson, Madison and the rest of those lofty spirits would have had them act. " Religion is not within the purview of our government" said one of our great states-men, and he knew what he was saying. If removing Christian hymns and other Christian exercises from the program of the public schools is a dechristianization of the public school system, then let the dechristianization go on. But it is not this. It is simply re-moving from the schools what have been wrongly foisted upon them. At Scranton, Pa., on July 27 Roman Catholic Bishop Hoban " vigorously de-nounced Sunday excursions and com-manded all Roman Catholic organizations to desist from conducting them in the future." "Dechrietiani zing the Public Schools" 