EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 695 what his policy as mayor would be in the matter by declaring that under the conditions existing "the extreme of the law is the extreme of injustice," and that while the law remained un-altered it "must be administered in the best practicable manner." So, to quote The Sun, "for nearly two years Mr. Low has been trying to match the necessities of administration to the theory that the law should be enforced to the extent that is pleasing to the people, and no further," and "has en-deavored to have the law as it stands on the statute books cut to fit the per-sonal wishes of various factions of the population." But his experience as mayor has caused Mr. Low to see the matter differently, and in a speech in the late campaign he made this evi-dently carfully prepared declaration on the question to an audience unfavorable to Sunday closing: I must frankly say that there is no relief from this dilemma as to the ex-cise law except in a change of the law itself. In view of the great differences of opinion prevailing among our citi-zens in this respect the mayor ought, in my judgment, to keep himself entirely upcommitted, and he must also keep an open mind. I may say, however, that the ultimate solution of the puzzling day question seems to me to lie in an appeal to the principle of home rule. On a question affecting the habits and customs of our own people, I think the wishes of the majority should be ascertained, and that their wishes should prevail. So Mr. Low has come to the position held by District Attorney JeromeŠthat the law must be enforced like any other statute while it exists, and that relief from it must come by changing the law and making the question of Sunday closing one to be determined by local option. This will no doubt make the question of the change of the law  and the reference of the Sunday-closing question to the people of the city one of greater popular interest and con-cern than ever. Mr. Low said he was convinced that the strict and impartial enforcement of the law was the only way to prevent its being used for pur-poses of "graft," the breaking up of which system of bribery and corrup-tion was the principal purpose of the fusion movement. His declaration that the matter of Sunday closing should be one of "home rule" was vigorously applauded. As we have said before in connection with this matter, "home rule" in the matter of regulating Sun-day observance is as much a violation of the principle that should control in the matter as is any other civil and political rule in the matter. But if there must be laws enforcing respect for Sunday and regulating its observ-ance, it would certainly seem to be but fair and just, and in accordance with the principles of democratic govern-ment, that no community should be ruled by other communities in the matter and that each community should be allowed to determine such laws and regulations for itself. In a dispatch from Rome denying a report "that three new American car-dinals were to be created," it is stated that "the Pope is very partial to the United States," but.that he "could not make these appointments without creat-ing jealousy in the other states of the New World." The Papacy always does her work with reference to govern-ments and states. The states of the New World should have no concern with the Pope's appointments, and therefore it should not be possible for him to be partial to any state in the matter, and especially should this be true with regard to the United States. 