THE PAPAL THEORY OF CHURCH AND STATE 273 Sabbath legislation means religious legislation, religious tyranny, religious persecution. The great marvel is that Christians, professed followers of Christ, should engage in such work. Surely they must be moved by sentiment, not by calm, Christian reason and principle. The Mas-ter said : "All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye  even so to them." Yet in the light of this those who have named His name, seek in that name to persecute him who is a fol-lower of Christ Jesus, but who may not believe as they do. Jesus said again : "If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." John I2: 47. The Papal Theory of the Relation Between Church and State IL [No one can understand the subject of the relation of religion and government, or can be prepared for the religio-political subtleties of these times, who is not well acquainted with the theory of the Roman Catholic Church in this matter. The Papacy is the outward and organic e:epression of the idea of the union and alliance of church and state, and the papal theory is the masterpiece in this matter. Its philosophy and its history must be understood by those who would be useful to the cause of freedom. In order that the readers of THE SENTINEL may have the benefit of an exposition of this theory from a Catholic standpoint, we will reproduce in a series of articles an essay on this subject from a work entitled "Essays on Religion and Literature " (second series), edited by Archbishop (later Cardinal) Manning, and published by Longmans, Green & Co., London, 1867. It was written by Edmund Sheridan Purcell, and the full title is: "Church and State, or The Relation Between the Spiritual and the Civil Powers." In order that the author's meaning may not be obscured in any degree, punctuation and capitalization will be followed exactly. Occasional comments in the form of notes will be made. This essay not only shows that the declaration sometimes made by Catholics in this country that that church does not believe in the use of force in religious matters and is in accord with the doctrine of separation of church and state, is without foundation, but to those who will give careful attention it will show the still more important fact that the theory with regard to the :elation between religion and civil government that is now commonly proclaimed in the ranks of Protestantism in this and some other countries is identical with the papal theory.ŠEditor.] HENCE it follows that not only since the foundation of the Church, but from the very commence-ment of social life, two Powers were ap-pointed to govern the worldŠthe spirit-ual and the temporal, both of God, but different in the character of their insti-tution. The civil Power, though insti-tuted immediately by God, was not es-pecially communicated to an individual in this or that kingdom (Almainus de potestate eccles. et  laica, 2 i. cap. i.). This is the primary difference between Ł the two Powers, for the Church was not only constituted directly by Christ, but the supreme authority was conferred di-rectly upon Peter as His representative on earth. The whole constitution likewise of the Church is divine; therefore the  prince, like the individual Christian, falls under the universal obligation of sub-mission to its authority. But, says Lactantius, in these two, the royal priest-hood and secular royalty, inseparably united, the duty of man as well as all truth is contained. (Lactant. div. In- stit. iii. c. 1: "Et in his duobus insepara-biliter connexis et officium hominis et veritas omnis inclusa est.") Christ, himself of a priestly and royal race, has allotted to each of these two powers its particular office. The priestly and royal dignity, says an eloquent modern writer, are like the two columns of bronze at the gates of the temple, or like the golden cherubim, which, stretching out their wings, cover the sides of the mercy-seat of God. Both Powers, the spiritual and 