PUBLISHERS ' PAGE 855 772 x auglloell OF 00017ZETT4IN LAMM' PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COrIPANY, TERrIS OP SUBSCRIPTION. Single copy, per year $1.00 six months  .5o " " three months   .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.25 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .7o Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. An index for the volume of THE SENTINEL that closes with this number can be had by all who will apply for it. THE SENTINEL has printed a neat little book-let advertising some of the features to appear in our magazine next year. We will be glad to send a quantity of them to anyone who will use them as an aid in obtaining new subscrip-tions. Let us know how many you can use to good advantage. Ł Attention is called to our combination offers found elsewhere in this issue. These offers will be great money savers to all whose sub-scriptions expire at this season of the year. However, these offers are not limited to those whose subscriptions expire soon, but anyone may take advantage of them. THE bound volume of the 1902 SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY is now ready. This vol-ume contains the first thirteen numbers of THE SENTINEL in magazine form ; is bound in black cloth, with gilt stamp on the back. Sent pre-paid for $2.00. The edition will not be large. Orders should be placed at once with our office. 44,  A yearly subscription to a high class journal always makes an acceptable holiday present. You can renew your subscriptions to THE SENTINEL and send the other periodicals men-tioned in our combination offers to any indi-viduals whom you may choose. To get the benefit of these offers all the journals do not have to be sent to the same person. On other pages will be found announce-ments of a few of the articles which will ap-pear in the 1903 volume of THE SENTINEL. Every number will be important, and should be read by every citizen of the land. Will not every one of our readers make an endeav-or, between now and Jan. 1, 1903, to induce someone else to become a regular subscriber to THE SENTINEL? Ł The subscriptions of all who took advantage of the short-term offer, made last August, expire with this issue. Renewal should be made this month to insure getting each number of THE SENTINEL without the possibility of missing a copy. Our new friends, by taking advantage of our combination offers, will be able to secure THE SENTINEL and other peri-odicals at reduced rates. The Hygienic Caterer, of 305 St. Charles St.. New Orleans, La., shows its progressiveness by adding a cover to the publication. The Caterer should be read by all interested in a correct dietary. Price, 35 cents a year. The bound volume of THE SENTINEL will make a valuable addition to your library. CHOICE SELECTED WINTER APPLES of all the leading sorts and best keepers fur-nished by the barrel or in car lots. Write for prices. F. E. GILBERT, Erie, Pa. 