252 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY (Commonwealth vs. Matthews, 152 Pa., 168, 1893) the Supreme Court of the State had passed upon this very point and come to a different conclusion. The essential point in the quotation from the Supreme Court's decision is contained in this paragraph : While the Sunday newspaper may be a great convenience to a large portion, perhaps a large majority, of the people, it does not in our opinion come within the exemptions of the act of 1794. No one pretends that it is a char-ity, and we cannot say as a matter of law that it is a necessity. It is a convenience, nothing more. Magistrate Gorman then concluded his decision thus : I may say with Judge Read, in his opinion in Sparhawk vs. Passenger Railway Company: I am deeply impressed with the necessity of a proper observance of Sunday as a day of worship and prayer, and of rest from labor; but living under the new dispensation, and not under the old, I feel no inclination to turn the Lord's day into a Mosaic Sabbath." For the reasons before given I discharge the defendants. This decision is certainly a blow to the old Sunday law, but perhaps not as se-rious a blow as is supposed. We will comment on the decision when the other portion, dealing with the question of the constitutionality of the law, is presented. Although a report of the Sunday-law hearing at Harrisburg, Pa., on February 1o, was given in these columns several weeks ago, we deem it worth while to present the following extracts from the report which appeared in the Sabbath Recorder (Plainfield, N. J.), the editor of which paper, Dr. A. H. Lewis, spoke at the hearing. Our report was gathered from the newspapers : The hearing began at two o'clock in the afternoon, and continued until six. Large delegations were present from Philadelphia and from other cities in the State, and the gathering was the largest, and was said to be the most representative one ever held in Pennsylvania for the consideration of the Sunday question. The clergymen and rep-resentatives of the churches, including the " Philadelphia Sabbath Association," opposed the bill under the general argument that the law of 1794 was necessary to the best interests of the State, and of good order and morality. The representatives of many busirvess associa-tions pleaded for the passage of the Berkle-bach amendment on the ground that the people demanded such minor forms of business, and that it was both unjust and productive of hypocrisy when larger businessess went for-ward unchallenged, while those less able to defend themselves through financial and polit-ical influence were subjected to prosecution under the ancient law. The hearing along these lines, for both sides, was extended and earnest. The editor of the Recorder reached Harris- burg on the afternoon of the loth after the hearing had begun in the large assembly room of the lower house, into which it was said 1,500 people were crowded. He was fortunate, through the courtesy of Senator Cox, chair-man of the committee having the bill in charge, and Senator Berklebach, the author of the bill under consideration, to secure the privilege of speaking for a period of thirty minutes more or less. He announced himself as appearing in behalf of the Seventh-Day Baptists of Pennsylvania and the United States, and as asking for the repeal of the law of 1794, because, in spite of repeated ef-forts to secure some recognition of the rights of conscience in behalf of the Sabbath-keeping Christians, of Jews, and of all men, Penn-sylvania had persistently refused such rec-ognition, until the demand for the repeal of the ancient and oppressive law was the only remaining alternative. He also urged the repeal in view of the fact that all Sunday legislation, at the beginning, was the direct product of the ancient pagan state-church system, and that throughout the history of the Christian church such legislation had fos-tered holidayism, and that compulsory idle-ness on Sunday at the present time fosters the liquor traffic and encourages the worst forms of evil of which the friends of Sunday complain. He deprecated the fact that the friends of Sunday, instead of appealing to the law of God and to high religious standards, attempt to secure reform by reliance upon effete laws, and by entering the lists in con-tention over such minor features as the sale of candy, cigars, etc., when the true issue is infinitely above such superficial " peanut 