The Papal Theory of the Relation Between Church and State I. [No one can understand the subject of the relation of religion and government, or can be prepared for the religio-political subtleties of these times, who is not well acquainted with the theory of the Roman Catholic Church in this matter. The Papacy is the outward and organic expression of the idea of the union and alliance of church and state, and the papal theory is the masterpiece in this matter. Its philosophy and its history must be understood by those who would be useful to the cause of freedom. In order that the readers of THE SENTINEL may have the benefit of an exposition of this theory from a Catholic standpoint, we will reproduce in a series of articles an essay on this subject from a work entitled, "Essays on Religion and Literature " (second series), edited by Archbishop (later Cardinal) Manning, and published by Longmans, Green & Co., London, 1867. It was written by Edmund Sheridan Purcell, and the full title is: "Church and State, or The Relation Between the Spiritual and the Civil Powers." In order that the author's meaning may not be obscured in any degree, punctuation and capitalization will be followed exactly. Occasional comments in the form of notes will be made. This essay not only shows that the declaration sometimes made by Catholics in this country that that church does not believe in the use of force in religious matters and is in accord with the doctrine of separation of church and state, is without foundation, but to those who will give careful attention it Hill show the still more important fact that the theory with regard to the t elation between religion and civil government that is now commonly proclaimed in the ranks of Protestantism in this and some other countries is identical with the papal theory.ŠEditor.] THE relation between the spiritual and temporal powers has two aspects, it may be viewed either theoret-ically or historically; but the historical examination is unsatisfactory without having a theory to work up to, a perfect ideal before the mind's eye to serve as a criterion to the judgment. Such an ideal is to be found in the character which Christianity gradually impressed on the civil power in its relation to the Church. After tracing out the true principle which governs these relations my object is to illustrate the theory by a rapid ex-amination of those great facts and turn-ing-points in history, in which the Church and the State, either in unity or in antag-onism, played so conspicuous a part. In the beginning, indeed, the Church had to show that she could stand alone, that she had no need of king or kaiser. Men had to be attracted towards her by her own inherent power; kings had to learn that their rule stood in need of her sanction, their royal authority of her consecration. After three centuries of persecution the Civil Power stretched forth its hand, as I hereafter propose to show, not by way merely of reconciliation, but for a close and intimate alliance. The Christian theory of this intimate union between the  Church and the Civil Power is in a great measure to be gathered from the teach-ings of the Popes themselves; for this purpose I have consulted many of the most important of the Papal Bulls and Decretals, together with the critical com-ments of the annotators. The opinions, too, of some of the, most approved au-thorities of antiquity in support of this theory will be found either quoted or re-ferred to in frequent notes. Among modern authorities I owe much to an eminent German Catholic writer on his-tory and canon law, whose learning and orthodoxy are beyond question, but on some important points; on which his judgment is, as it seems to me, in decided opposition to his own principles, I have not hesitated to differ from his views and, finally, to every statement quoted, after verifying it, I have given its proper reference. I say so much in order to avoid the appearance of making state-ments on so difficult a subject without at least such support as the quoted opinions of writers of authority, either ancient or modern, must ever needs impart. If. then, the care of divine things, as is laid down by the greatest philosopher (Aristot. Polit.) of heathen antiquity, be the first business of the State, how much 