552  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ' mised the national character formed on respect for those principles. The American Republic was the home of democracy and the hope of labor. It promised to do something more than the Old World toward correcting the injus-tice of nature, equalizing the human lot, and making the community a community indeed. The eyes of the masses.  every-where were turned to it. To the enemies of equality and popular government it was -an object of aversion and alarm. Loud, almost frenzied, was the shout of exultation with which, at the outbreak of secession, aristocracy and plutocracy in Europe hailed its apparent fall. . . . There appeared to be the best reason, at all events, for hoping that humanity had here been finally rid of two of its great-est banes in the Old WorldÑstanding armies and state churches. . . . It seemed that peace might be preached to all nations and governments more effect-ually than any International Conference could preach it, by the spectacle of a mighty nation, thriving beyond the other nations by industry and living on friendly terms with all its fellows, yet respected by the world, and influencing the world by its example. If the national life which had produced and which sustained the institutions, civilization, and wealth of the United States was not "strenuous" in the way of aggression and destruction, there was another way in which it was strenuous in the highest degree. If com-pared with old war powers it lacked the glory of war, at least of wars of rapine, it did not lack the glory of peace and home. ¥ Against the Commonwealth three forces, distinct but convergent, are now arrayed. They are plutocracy, milita-rism, and imperialism. The three instinc-tively conspire. To the plutocrat impe- rialism is politically congenial, while fit feels that militarism impregnates society with a spirit of conservatism, and may in case of a conflict of classes furnish a use-ful force of repression. _ ¥ We can see how wealth might, . . without any formal change of the Ameri-can Constitution, practically possess it-self of supreme power. . . . If to any one such a forecast seems visionary, let him ask himself whether a few years ago he could have dreamed that the prin-ciples of the Declaration of Independence would be discarded and derided; that do-minion over other races would be forcibly assumed ; and that American citizens would be heard passionately calling upon their government to shoot down as rebels people struggling for their inde?ondence against a foreign yoke. ¥ There seems to have come over us a sort of satiety of civilization, a hanker-ing for a return to robust barbarism with its reign of force and disregard of moral ties. Churches, most of them, are car-ried away by the prevailing impulse, and lend the sanction of the Gospel to the love of war. . . . Those who hold the theory of tides in human history, may point to this as a tidal wave. The chief cause of the cataclysm probably is the weakening by scepticism of our al-legiance to religious principles of hu-manity and fraternity which hitherto have not only been formally held sacred, but retained a certain amount of real force. . . . Man, it seems, after all, must have a religio:-. Tleii2f in Cin-is-tianity and even in God growing faint, he is taking to worshiping the flag. . . . Be the cause good or bad, the flag must be carried on to victory, and everything done with that purpose is to be deemed right. . . . Nobody has conspired. Nobody need 