446 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY to Rome merely as a commercial negotia-tor," it says : The absolute separation of the functions of church and state is a fundamental principle of this Republic. To this Government all churches are merely associations of citizens for the promotion of benevolence and mo-rality. As such their utility is recognized and their rights are protected, but none ever has been, and none ever will be, in the Philippines or elsewhere, granted privileges not given to all or conceded for an instant to possess such privileges. That is the American principle of religious freedom and equality and that prin-ciple will be maintained. About the time the announcement mentioned was issued from the War De-partment it was stated in the press that Governor Taft had just "had a confer-ence with Cardinal Gibbons concerning his coming negotiations with the Vati-can," and that "the American prelate will play an important part in this affiair, since the Pope will be guided largely by Cardinal Gibbons' advice." And this leads again to the inquiry of last month, as to why it is necessary to go to Rome regarding these matters, or if it is neces-sary, why this consultation with papal prelates in this country? If Cardinal Gibbons is going to direct the Pope in the matter, why run away from the Cardinal to the Pope? And if the Cardinal is not to direct in the matter, why is he con-sulted and dealt with at all ? We confess that there are some things connected with this matter that do not give it, to us, the appearance of "simply a business trans-action with the owners of property." Mr. Bourke Cockran is of the opin-ion that "the Roman Catholic Church is the oldest republican form of govern-ment existing," and that "to St. Patrick mar be justly attributed the unquestion-able glory of being the original architect of modern popular government." So he declared to a large audience in Minneap- olis on the evening of March 17. In this city recently Mr. Cockran made a minute comparison between the civil government in this country and the government of "the Church," 'comparing the town to the parish, the county to the diocese, the State to the province, and the Federal Ł Government to the Holy See." "Our Constitution stands," said Mr. Cockran, "because it carries with it the right to interpret its provisions. And so it is with the Word of God. Its interpreta-tion by the Church has made that moral law that has led men from darkness to light, from oppression to prosperity. No individual is free to interpret the moral law for himself any more than he is free to interpret the civil law. In the state, freedom of interpretation of the Consti-tution is followed by secession. In the Church freedom of interpretation of the moral law is followed by dissent." Re-ferring to the method employed in the in-terpretation of the Constitution, he said that the Supreme Court was usually di-vided, and that "the final vote was often cast by one member of the court after all, and he is usually the weakest member." "But," lie added, "in the Catholic Church the interpretation of God's law is not the result of a chance division, but to a man chosen almost by the machinery of heaven itself." So Mr. Cockran does find at least one point of difference between the Republic and 'the Church." There can be no doubt that Mr. Cockran's loyalty to the Republic is equalled only by his loyalty to "the Church," and that his loyalty to the latter is equalled only by his loyalty to the former, and perhaps he is not to be blamed for this illusion that one is the exact counterpart of the other. Mr. Cockran has the happy faculty of being able to present things to an audience so that they appear to be so whether they are so or not, but he is usually more 