ANGLO-SAXON ATROCITIES 409 larly about the chest, for "you'd be surprised," said a soldier, "how few knocks it takes to cause bleeding at the mouth." Bunches of bamboos tied at one end have the individual rods pushed between the fingers of the hand. When the other end of the bundle is squeezed together the pain is excruciating. But the water-cure ! If the tortures I've mentioned are hellish, the water-cure is plain hell. The native is thrown upon the ground, and while his legs and arms are pinioned, his head is raised partially so as to make pouring in the water an easier matter. An attempt toŁ keep the mouth closed is of no avail, a bam-boo stick or a pinching of the nose will pro-duce the desired effect. And now the water is poured in, and swallow the poor wretch must or strangle. A gallon of water is much, but it is followed by a second and a third. By this time the victim is certain his body is about to burst. But he is mistaken, for a fourth, and even a fifth gallon are poured in. By this time the body becomes an object frightful to con-template, and the pain, agony. While in this condition speech is impossible, and so the water must be squeezed out of him. This is sometimes allowed to occur naturally, but is sometimes hastened by pressure, and "some-times we jump on them to get it out quick," said a young soldier to me with a smileŠa young soldier, a mere boy hardly ten years out of his mother's lap. I did not wonder when an officer, in answer to my question how often he had seen it, said: "Not often; my feelings too much revolted." Does it seem possible that cruelty could further go? And what must we think of the fortitude of the native when we learn that many times the "cure" is twice given ere the native yields? I heard of one who took it three times, and died. How often is it given? is a natural question. No one knows. A sergeant told me he had seen it taken by between two and three hun-dred, by as many as twenty sometimes in a day. Another had seen eighty. An officer saw four, but knew of its happening two hundred times. Another method of torture adopted for obtaining information consisted in fastening bricks or some other heavy, square objects on each side of the vic-tim's head, so that when stretched out upon his back it was impossible for him to turn it, and then allowing water to fall  drop by drop upon his forehead. At first this would seem to be nothing, but it is said that it never fails to accomplish what is desired, for after a time every drop feels like a fearful blow upon the forehead. It is said that the Americans learned these forms of torture from the Maca-bebes, in one sense the Hessians of the Philippines, and they were taught them by the Spaniards. And thus the Span-iardizing of Americans proceeds. Back to the Inquisition already ! The writer of the letter from which we have just quoted says that the saddest phase of the whole thing is "the effect upon the Amer-icansŠIhe unconcerned way in which the soldiers, and civilians, too, speak of the `water-cure,' the exulting way in most cases." It is said that the first American officer to put in practise this form of tor-ture was the general who has during the last few months been going about in this country advocating the hanging of men who believe in the Declaration of Inde-pendence. This is very natural, and the next thing will be the open advocacy and introduction of these forms of torture in this country, unless some way is found to put a stop to these proceedings and to curb the men who are so ready to adopt such practises. A great deal more might be given from recent disclosures concerning these Philippine atrocities, but we will present only one more instance. Here is the de-scription given by Richard O'Brien, for-merely a corporal in Company M, Twen-ty-sixth United States Volunteers, of the butchery of the inhabitants of the town of Barrio la Nog on December 27, 190o. It equals the accounts of the fiendish and atrocious wholesale murder of natives which have come from the French and German colonies in Africa, and it was not given as an exceptional instance. As we approached the town the word passed 