Some Important Recent Testimony on an Im- portant Matter [The matter presented below should be sufficient to demonstrate that when it is said that a tremendous revolution has and is taking place in the United States that the statement is no idle and fantastic notion of shallow and partisan minds. Men of the first order of in-telligence, who have no selfish interest whatever to serve in the matter, see that a grave crisis has been reached in the history of the American nation. This is something that all persons should know and recognize, and therefore we present what is given below. The italicized portions are made so by us, not by the writers or speakers.ÑEutTorti Andrew Carnegie, in the "North American Review" for May WE prohibited the reading of the Declaration of Independence in the Philippines last Fourth of July. To the incredulous reader let me repeat this fact. It is on record and acknowledged by our officials. We can imagine the first thought of so good a man as Judge Taft  and so good an American as he has been hitherto when this was suggested to him. "Is thy servant a dog that he should do this thing ?" But, alas, he did it! We are engaged in work which re-quires suppression of American ideas hitherto held sacred. . . . Prof Felix Adler, in "The Forum" for June Why is it we are called upon to con-sider accusations of extreme barbarity, on the part of American soldiers, the mere suggestion of which, three years ago, would have seemed 'impossible ? It is because we are trying to do a thing which is contrary to the spirit of our in-stitutions, to our traditions, to our ideals as Americans. We are going to extreme lengths just because we know that we have become for the moment alienated from our true self, that we are bidding defiance to the sentiments which are most congenial to us. . . . We are engaged in trying to break the soul of a people, of a people that values good government, but rightly values self-government even more than good government, of a peo-ple that revolts against the idea of colo-nial subjection to us or to any other power, of a people that, however divided in other ways, is united in the demand for independence. . . . No; it is not Aguinaldo, it is not a Tagalog oligarchy, it is the awakened  national consciousness of - neople that opposes us, a spiritual force which sur-vives defeat, which the dispersion of or-ganized armies cannot disintegrate, which, like a fire, goes on smoldering beneath the ashes, breaking out anew ever and ever again until either it achieves its aim or those who harbor that aim are exterminated. . . . I, for one, am assured that whatever the commercial interests or the ambitions of individuals or of corporate bodies may suggest, that the American people, as a whole, do not desire, even for the sake of the golden prizes of the trade with the Orient, or of a favorable station near the wealth of China, to march over the pros-trate body of a people whose sole offense is their desire for liberty ; that the Ameri-can people do not desire, and will not permit, that methods of the Spanish In-quisition, which we had believed to be a thing of the past forever, shall be re-vived under the sacred banner of this. great Republic. 