EDITORIAL 419 his own paper and the American Israel-ite of Cincinnati. He was an alert and able defender of his race against the misrepresentation of ignorance and prejudice, but, as we had ample oppor-tunity to learn, his heart was broad, and embraced the cause of all those who were struggling against any sort of oppression and persecution. We sympathize with the Jewish press in the loss it has sus tained. Dr. John Bancroft Devins, at the Broome Street Tabernacle in this city on a recent Sunday evening, "used the inci-dent of the stand taken by the great pa-triotic leader of the Jews, Nehemi.ah, toward Sabbath observance to illustrate the attitude that should now be assumed on the same question in this city." After naming over the different classes of per-sons who, in his opinion, desired open saloons on Sunday, he presented the op-ponents of "the open Sunday" thus: "(I) Almighty God, who has never re-pealed the Fourth Commandment ; (2) the religious bodies, almost, if not quite, without exception; (3) pastors, mission-aries, and church workers who labor among the poor." And yet there are those who say that religion plays no part in this matter. And, strange to say, those who say this are usually themselves con-spicuously animated by religious motives and considerations. Ł In what we say from time to time re-garding the Papacy, and the Pope as the head of the Papacy, we mean no reflection upon the Pope himself as an individual. There can be no doubt but that there is something venerable about the man him-self. His career has been a long and eventful one, and he has no doubt been as good an occupant of "the throne of St. Peter" as any of his predecessors. Cer-tainly he has to a remarkable degree  gained the respect and admiration, if not adoration, of the world, and has secured for the Papacy much of the prestige and favor that she formerly possessed. But one PopeŠPius IX., who was ponitff for thirty-two yearsŠhas held the office longer than Leo. He is reckoned as the two hundred and sixty-third succes-sor of Peter, who, it is said, "reigned thirty-four years." This would no doubt be news to Peter if he could know of it. In his day there was not much "reigning" going on in the Christian church. Mr. Thomas I. Kidd, Secretary of the Amalgamated Woodworkers' Union of America, thinks that if ministers who are preaching "against Sabbath desecration" would devote themselves to efforts for securing more leisure for the working-man during the week they would have far less reason to complain of his "dese-cration of the Sabbath." Speaking at the Hull House, in Chicago, recently he said that "in England and Australia, South Africa and Canada, where the wage-earners work eight hours a day and have Saturday afternoon to them-selves, there is no necessity for the min-ister to talk of Sabbath desecration. But what can you expect where men toil ten hours every day iri the week ?" This is a very plain "pointer" for those religious people who combine a zeal for the "Sab-bath" with that of "securing rest for the poor workingman." What the working-man wants is a shorter working day, not a day of compulsory idleness. Ł A correspondent writes to us from Buenos Ayres, Argentine Republic,'that the Sunday enforcement movement is manifesting itself in that part of South America. Among employees of stores and barber shops is growing a sentiment for strict Sunday closing. Last Septem-ber a procession of workingmen went to 