AN INDICTMENT OF NEW YORK'S SUNDAY LAWŠV 653 day sabbatteans are obliged to respect the seventh-day sabbath. On the sev-enth day those who keep the first go on in the unrestrained transaction of every kind of business Š the courts of justice are open, military parades take place, balls, plays, operas, concerts, and in short every species of business and amusement are indiscriminately per- Ł mitted. This laboring and playing on the seventh day is not immorality or irreligion ; and although it may be, and in truth is, carried on in the sight and hearing of those engaged in wor-ship, it is not deemed a disturbance of them in " the free exercise and en-joyment of their religious profession and worship," nor a profanation of anybody's sabbath, and nobody com-plains of it as such. Now mark the difference. On the first day those who keep the seventh are forbidden recrea-tion and amusment without any re-servation ; and also many kinds of business and professional occupations. They can make no bargain or contract; they cannot open their shops to do business, and the administration of justice being expunged from the cata-logue of " works of necessity and char-ity," the offices of justice are closed against the complaints of the injured, although a fraudulent debtor may be embarking with his wealth to leave the country to evade the payment of his just debts. Forsooth, say the first-day sabbatteans, and so says this law, " all this is immorality and licentious-ness Š a, profanation of our sabbath day ;" and although neither the busi-ness nor amusement is carried on in their presence, sight, or hearing, or even during the hours of their devo-tion, yet it is called a disturbance of them in " the free exercise and enjoy-ment of their religious profession and worship " ! By what authority are the edicts of Constantine closing the courts of jus-tice and forbidding business and rec-reation on Sunday transformed into commands of God and made binding on the consciences of men? Is any day too good for the dispensation of justice? Is it not unjust to mete to others that measure which we would not they should mete to us ? Is not the Sabbath day profaned when we pro-hibit others from doing that on our sabbath which we do, and claim the right to do, on theirs? Is not any day too good to be profaned by such an act of sheer injustice? And is not re-ligion itself profaned when such in-justice takes its name ? Notwithstanding the strong opposi-tion of the clergymen and church ele-ment Sunday evening performances were begun as announced some weeks ago at the Marlowe Theater in Engle-wood, Ill., on September 6. It was ex-pected that there would be " a clash between the Law and Order League [representing the churches] and the theater management " at the time of Łpening, and " a large crowd gathered in anticipation, but no trouble de-veloped." It is said, however, that  " the Law and Order League adopted strikers' methods and stationed pickets at the playhouse door to induce would-be patrons to stay away from the performance." This seems to have been a step decided upon the previous evening at " a secret meeting of the committee of eleven appointed by the Law and Order League to wage war on the Sunday perforances." While these " pickets," " a number of fault-lessly dressed men of severe mien," were " attempting to turn away the 