RELIGIOUS LEGISLATION  693 ¥ them, they are wholly and solely relig-ious, and, traced back to their origin, we find persecution, and followed to their logical conclusion, we find a modern pa-pal Inquisition. I care not whether or not these laws are enacted by the state, at the dictation of a union of churchesÑRo-man Catholic among othersÑor at the demand of popular religious societies in the name of civic righteousness. The theory of persecution is only the logical following-out of the theory upon which Sunday laws have always been founded. Let history display the origin and results of the first Sunday laws, and then ask yourselves if you desire religious laws, even though they appear to you as angels of light. The Lord's day is to be rendered to the Lord, not to Caesar. When Caesar demands it of us he is exacting what does not belong to him. When the civil power legally adopts a religious custom and enforces its observance it puts itself in the place of God. Wherever such a thing is done, he who regards God the most will respect such action the least. "The true principle and the right as-sertion of the rights of conscience is our assertion of every other man's right to believe and worship as he chooses, or not to worship at all if he chooses. This at once sweeps away every excuse and every argument that might be offered for the restriction or the invasion of the rights of conscience by any person or any power. This is the Christian doc-trine. This is the Roger Williams doc-trine. This is the genuine Protestant doctrine, for it is 'the logical consequence of either of the two great distinguishing principles of the Reformation, as well of justification by faith alone as of the equality of all believers.' (Bancroft.)" In the promulgation of the principles of Protestantism, and in the work of the Reformation, the names of Martin Lu- became filled with a mass of unconverted people who cared more for the world than the church. But this is not all. The bishops had secured state power to remove all excuse for not being religious; but from the first of this scheme the people hadn't the spirit of devotion in their hearts. The state had forbidden them to work, had closed the places of amusement ; still the people would not be religious. The next step in the logic of the situation was to compel them, and the bishops were equal to the occasion. ¥ Here the saintly theory of Au-gustine, with its inquisitional spirit, met the demands of the case, and the rod of temporal suffering was not spared. The church induced the state to compel all to be idle for their own good. Then it was found that they were inclined to wicked-ness. Then ,to save them from going to the devil, they tried to compel all to go to heaven. The work of the Inquisition was always for love of men's souls, and to save them from the devil. The first step logically and inevitably led to the last, and the theocratical leaders in the move-ment had the cruel courage to follow the first step to the last, illustrated in the history of the Inquisition. It is by the searchlight of history that we read the perils of the future. The history of religious legislation certainly should not induce us to favor such legis-latioti in our advanced age. Religious legislation creates a theocracy, and in all history there has been but one theocracy which was not an absolute failure as an ideal government, viz., the Jewish theoc- racy, governed by God. And until God Himself comes to govern, we deny the justice, the righteousness, of religious legislation. I care not whether the re- ligious laws enacted are the popular Sun-days laws or any other legislation relat- ing to the soul and GodÑwith or with- ¥ out the humanitarian cloak placed upon 