EDITORIAL 295 by the advancement of Roman 'Catholic. Justice Smith to be a " member of the Philippine Commission and Secretary of Public Instruction in the government of the Philippine Islands," that gave oppor-tunity for the appointment of Mr. Mc-Donough ; and besides himself three of the other six members of the court are Ro-man Catholics. But the thing to be noted is that in the estimation of this Catholic paper that has been so dissatisfied with the way " the Church " was faring in the Philippines, the appointment of Mr. Mc-Donough to be Chief Justice of the Su-preme Court is the result of " considera-tion and foresight " on the part of the President, and is an important step to-ward mending the " trouble " that has been brought on by lack of " considera-tion and foresight." Talking of mending matters, here is what the Catholic Tran-script (Providence, R. I.), another rabid organ of the class referred to, remarked shortly-after Mr. McDonough's appoint-ment : President Roosevelt has mended up several weak spots in the Philippine machine. For all of this we Catholics are measurably grateful Šgrateful not because we are favored, but be-cause we have an Executive who is not afraid and, apparently, not averse to doing what is just. He seems to be making the best of a bad job. Oh, no, of course there has been no favor to " we Catholics " Š we " fifteen millions of American Catholics," whose " demand " in this very matter of " rec-ognizing American Catholics in the Philippines," Church Progress, of St. Louis, declared last summer, when the campaign was at its height, " is one which NO ADMINISTRATION DARE IG-NORE " ! Oh, no, " we Catholics," who have been howling so with regard to this matter, are grateful merely because " we have an Executive who is not afraid," who is " not averse to doing what is just " ! That's all ! More directly to the point is a quota- tion. which appeared, doting the " Federa-tion Notes " in the Catholic Standard and 'Tithes of March 7. These notes were " by the National Secretary " of the Fed-eration of Catholic Societies, which organ-ization was of course the most power-ful .force in the campaign to which we have referred. The secretary stated that " in a recent address " Bishop. McFaul, the leader of that organization, " had this to say of President Roosevelt " : Ł What shall I say of our young President? Well, we are all proud of him! We admire his courage and his love of justice. We can-not forget that he listened to the voice of the Federation, and that he not only promised to mitigate the conditions in the Philippines, but that he has kept that promise by accepting the resignation of important officials, and by ap-pointing desirable men upon the Philippine and Indian Commissions. That is sufficiently plain for anybody, and all that can be observed seems to bear out exactly what the bishop has declared. And all of it confirms and establishes the idea that the Papacy is bending and bringing things her way in the Philip-pines entanglement and through that matter is entangling the United States government in her meshes. As was indicated in the article on " The Supremacy of the Papacy " two weeks ago, the next step in this papal program with regard to the Philippines will be the placing of some one in the position now held by Governor-General Taft, who, " if he shall not be dictated [as an appointee] by the Papacy," " will have to be a person entirely acceptable to the Papacy." And it is by no means certain that steps in this direction have not already been taken. But that must be left for another time. O In this issue appears the last of the series' of articles on " The Supremacy of the Papacy." Do not fail to give it a careful reading. 