EDITORIAL 435 option on the question of Sunday saloons, and in some comment added thereto em-phasized the position set forth. Our at-tention has now been called to an article in the April Woman's Temperance Work, the official organ of the State Union, in which it is stated that we have put forth what "is a grievous error" concerning the position of the W.C.T.U., and appeal is made "to any fair-minded person of average intelligence if a more unfair statement of the position of the W.C.T.U. on this question could possibly be made without absolutely falsifying the facts" than was made by THE SENTINEL. Now we have no desire to misrepre-sent the W.C.T.U. nor to falsify the facts in this matter or any other, and if such has been done in this instance we desire to do what we can to rectify it at once. The quotation from the president of the W.C.T.U. organization was given exact-ly as it appeared in the official organ, but we notice that the same care has not been exercised in quoting the words of THE SENTINEL. However, that is immaterial here. In order that the matter may be made as clear as possible, we will again give space to the full statement of Mrs. Boole : We are asked again and again why we of the W. C. T. U. are opposed to local option on the question of Sunday liquor selling? We answer that there are some questions that ought not to he submitted to the people, be-cause there is a higher law than the people's will. If this question should be submitted there is no reason why a similar question in regard to every other business might not be submitted, so that the question of the ob-servance of Sunday would be a matter of lo-cality. We would none of us consider it right to submit any other of the commandments to the vote of the people. Why this one? Again, the object of submission would be to lessen the safeguards about the day, rather than to increase them, and we are opposed to any and every measure that proposes to give to the liquor traffic greater privileges or longer hours. Now, our deduction from this state- ment was that the thing uppermost in it was "the question of the observance of Sunday," and we stated that in it the Sunday saloon was opposed because of the religious character of the day rather than because of the blighting character of the liquor traffic. We still deduce the same thing from it, and see no reason whatever to alter the statement made. We did not say that "the W.C.T.U. makes no distinction between the liquor traffic and any other kind of business." We said that in opposing Sunday saloons on the ground that they would open the way for the operation on Sunday of "every other business" and thus "lessen the safeguards about the day," that the W.C.T.U. in that virtually declared that so far as the matter of Sunday closing was concerned there was no distinction between the liquor traffic and "every other business ;" that the question as presented by the president of the W.C.T.0 was not a question between a business which produces evil, crime and drunkenness and those which do not, but a question between all businesses, good and evil alike, and "the observance of Sunday ;" that it was a question of safe-guarding Sunday not simply against the liquor traffic, but against all traffic. And we see no reason now to change these statements. And we fail to see how, in the face of the quotation given, these statements can be regarded as unfair and as embodying "a grievous error" with regard to the position of the W.C.T.U. We are told that "it is 'known and read of all men' and women that the W.C.T.U. is opposed to the open saloon on Sunday, Monday and each and all of the five other days and every one of the seven nights of the week." Yes, this is known ; but it is not known that the W.C.T.U: is opposed to the saloon on Monday, or any other day except Sunday, because its being open on such day would "lessen 