EDITORIAL 423 that there is no Easter in the Bible," says Mr. Proudfit. "Like the word Sun-day, it has come in from the heathen world." But in the same article he says that "after the resurrection of Christ the first day of the week was to be kept holy in commemoration of the resurrection," and that "we know the inspired apostles kept the first day for religious purposes." Mr. Proudfit and a great many other peo-ple "know" this in the same way that so many "know" that Easter is a Christian festival. The observance of Sunday and the observance of Easter rest upon iden-tically the same foundation. The one is as much unknown to the Bible and as much unwarranted by the example and teachings of Christ and His apostles as is the other. Not only did the name Sunday come in from the heathen world, but the observance itself came from the same source, and it came at about the same time and in the same manner as did the observance of Easter. Mr. Proudfit should extend his investigations further, and not stop half way in expos-ing the pagan observances which have become established in the Christian churches. Owing to a number of things the Jews of the United States seem to be gradu-ally losing their grip upon the Sabbath of their fathers and the Fourth Command-ment, and this in turn has given rise to a party, which now has at its head some half-dozen of the leading rabbis of the country, which favors the formal substi-tution of the observance of the first day of the week for that of the seventh day. This was perhaps the most important question that was expected to come be-fore the Conference of American Rabbis which was held at New Orleans in May. But we learn from the American Israel-ite that merely the matter of the insti-tution of Sunday services, "supplemen- tary to those of the Sabbath," was dis-cussed, and that the matter of "Sabbath transfer was referred to a committee to report next year." Already the pros-pect of this transfer by the Jews is oc-casioning considerable exultation on the part of Sunday observers, some of whom look upon it as a striking evidence that the Jews are being gradually won over to Christianity. And it is not difficult to see that if the Jews do make this transfer it will be a mighty incentive to the Sun-day-enforcement advocates, who will then with far less patience than now re-gard the opposition of that "less than one-tenth of one per cent." of Christians who still persist in clinging to the "Jew-ish" Sabbath. Then the seventh-day Christians will be to them merely a Mor-decai in the gate to be gotten rid of in any way in the interests of the man-made and law-enforced "Sabbath." Notwithstanding the efforts that are being made to separate the two it is evident, when sifted to the bottom, that the cause of American brutalities in the Philippines is identical with that of the assertion of American sovereignty over the Filipinos. America requires the sub-jection of the Filipinos to her authority because she holds that they are an infe-rior people and not entitled to the rights which they claim and other people exer-cise, but fit only to be governed from without, peaceably if possible, but by force if necessary. It.  is exactly on this ground that American soldiers have been torturing them and American generals have been ordering their extermination. The arguments which with such dexter-ity have been formulated by publicists and leading men in the United States for justifying the unconditional subjection of the Filipinos to American authority may spring from cultured minds and be flawless in literary style, but in substance 