6o8 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the domineering arrogancy of the great land-owner, the classifying and re-garding of men as mere parts of great machines, worthy of notice only as they serve the purpose of conscienceless capi-tal. All this and much more may be seen by unprejudiced eyes. There is tyranny and slavery in it; but we do not believe that much will be gained by substituting one form of tyranny for another. We cannot conceive that the slavery of the jack-plane h; the saw would be better than the slavery of both by the adz. In other words, is the tyranny of the corpo-ration magnate worse than that of the walking delegate ? Is slavery under the union to be preferred to slavery under the trust? There are honest souls out-side, plenty of them, who prefer neither; who, rather, believe that a strong, sturdy, independent individualism is better. And yet many of these are in a worse bond-age than either. There is, also, political liberty, involv-ing religious freedom and the equal rights of all men. This is a product of the Gospel wherever it is found. Its highest type in human government has been seen in America. Its strongest and most classic formulation apart from Bi-ble utterances is found in the preamble of the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution of the United States, and in other documents of note and of state, originating in the same period of stress and conflict. Equality of mankind does not mean equal physical proportions, nor equal mental caliber, nor equal ability to grasp, or power to command, opportunity. But it does mean equal liberty for each one to be and say and do just as far as ability and circumstances may permit. Polit-ically each individual is his fellow-citi-zen's equal in his right to liberty and to the pursuit of happiness. It was a glo-rious hour for the world when Ameri- ca's star rose above the horizon. As long as it was in the ascendant its influence over all lands was beneficent, speaking freedom to the oppressed of all nations, and hope to the despairing toiler. See-ing its shining from afar, millions in the oppressed and downtrodden monarchies, despotisms and overcrowded countries of the East, found here what Emerson designated "opportunity." And when the Old World saw some of the best of her peoples flocking to America rather than to her own colonies, her own feudal laws were softened, amended, or swept away before the enlightenment and lib-erty of America. But "how has the most fine gold be-come dim !" While race slavery as such has been abolished, and that part of the land of which it was the curse is better to-day, industrial slavery flourishes in the sweat-shops of our large cities. The spirit of imperialism stalks boldly abroad We have the "masses" and the "classes ;" and if we do not have the "lords" in name, we have the "servants." "Coal barons" and "kings" and "queens" of various sorts bear sway continuously and temporarily, and the Republic of America is following in the footsteps of the Republic of Rome. No longer where floats to the breeze the "red, white and blue" is there freedom and equality. The man, a peer of his fellows in one portion of America's dominions, is a mere subject in another. And the spirit of imperialism, now boldly dominant with reference to the "colonies," will soon be as dominant with reference to the home affairs of the nation, unless checked by divine interposition. And the influence over the Old World Šwhat is it now ? When the Amer-ican ship of state was launched, one of her ensigns emblazoned to the world was, "Novum ordo seclorum"Š"A new order of things." It stood for complete turn- 