An Indictment of New York's Sunday Law* Thoroughly Inconsistent with the Religion on Which It Purports to be Founded HAVE shown that the statute law I on which we are treating violates the natural, inalienable and equal rights of man, and that it contravenes the ex-press provisions of the constitution of this State. I am now to prove, as I promised, that law to be "inconsistent with the maxims and precepts of the Christian system of religion on which it purports to be founded." It may be thought superfluous, un-necessary, and irrelevant to attempt to show that the law in question is dis-cordant to the sectarian creed of any particular religious sect. Religious sectarian tenets are not the indispen-sable or essential criteria by which the equal rights and liberties of mankind are ascertained or tested. The religious system of Mahomet leaves but little *Seventy-seven years ago there was published in New York a —pamphlet, a transcript of the title page of whieb,  is as follows: " The People's Rights Reclaimed ; being An Exposition of the Unconstitutionality of the Law of the State of New York Compelling the Observance of a Re-ligious Sabbath Day, and Erroneously Entitled ' An Act for Suppressing Immorality,' Passed March 13th, 1813. Addressed to the People of the State of New York. New York, 1826. A. Spooner, Printer, Brooklyn." Its publication was called forth by the revision of the State laws then taking place and certain attempts that had been made " to effect an extension of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sunday laws." Although the excuse for New York's Sunday leg-islation has been somewhat changed since then, it being now professedly for the prevention of " crimes against religious liberty and conscience " (although still coming under the general heading of " crimes against public decency and good morals "), whereas then it was " for suppressing immorality," it remains the same in principle, object, and effect, and the masterly and unan-swerable indictment of the law as it then was made by the unknown author of the above pam-phlet is still a masterly and unanswerable indict-ment of the law as it now is, and incidentally of all other Sunday legislation. The widespread disposition now manifested to uphold and " to affect an extension of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sunday laws " makes the matter in this pamphlet very pertinent to-day, and hence we are publishing it in full in Tue SENTI REL.-EDITOR. religious or political liberty to be exer-cised or enjoyed by the professors of that faith. Not so with the Christian system. The whole body of its moral doctrines and precepts, so far as it bears on the question under review, incul-cates "the benevolent principles of ra-tional liberty" which recognize the equal rights of "all mankind." It ad-mits the data I have taken, it accords with the inductions I have made, it supports the conclusions I have drawn Š in short, it is consistent with all the arguments and reasoning by which I have proved the provisions of the law in question to be at variance with each other, incompatible with the equal rights of man, and adverse to the ex-press provision of the constitution of this State. That religion, in its great-est purity, now holds the same moral doctrines it espoused when the Jews endeavored by law to force the Chris-tians against their consciences and re-ligious creeds to keep the Jewish Sab-bath day.* It enjoins on man the observance of that general rule of moral rectitude, to do by others as they would others should do by them. It teaches man to award to his fellow man the like rights and privileges which he claims to have and exercise himself. It binds no man to respect the "sab-bath days" of others more than others are bound to respect his. It denies the moral right of man to act contrary to his conscience in any *We do not know to what the writer refers here. The " Jewish " Sabbath was enforced by law (of the state) only in the ancient theocracy, as we understand it. During the Christian era that is a privilege that has been enjoyed ex-clusively by the " Christian " Sabbath.Š EDITOR. 