"The Catholic Peril" THERE have appeared in leading pe-riodicals in the last few months several articles by persons of prominence that contain matter very pertinent to what has been and is being said in THE SENTINEL regarding the PapacyŠher character, aims, and growing power in this country. This matter has been of especial interest and, importance to us be-cause of the fat it was written by persons whose ,v1t*Point is very differ-ent from that of THE SENTINEL and its contributors. We have intended to, and will as there is opportunity, present this matter in THE SENTINEL. Ł Perhaps the most pertinent and strik-ing of the extracts that we have to pre-sent is the one given herewith, which is taken from an article by Urbain Gohier that appeared in The Independent of May 14 under the heading, " The Religious Situation in America." M. Gohier is " the famous French Dreyfusard " and his article " is to be a portion of a b$ok on the American people " that he will shortly publish in France, the material for which was collected " during an ex-tensive trip here last summer and au-tumn." He saw some things exactly as they have been set forth in THE SEN-TINEL, but, as he states, as they are not seen by most American Protestants. The point regarding the Catholic Church and the coal strike we have seen broached and emphasized nowhere else except in the article in THE SENTINEL of April 30 under the heading, " The Supremacy of the Papacy." There is one error of fact made in bringing out this point that detracts from its force and significance. The appointment to the board of arbi-tration of a Roman Catholic prelate was not made " on the request from the oper-ators," but on the request of the strike leader and " as a concession to the strikers." We are tempted to put some  statekients in this extract in italics, but will give it just as it was printed in The. Independent. After pointing out that there was a " division in the ranks of the Protestant clergy " over the matter of the coal striker  M. Gohier says that " among the Cath-olic clergy there was, however, no un-certain front " ; that "with a unanimity of which the American public carelessly ignores the causes and the significance, the Catholic priests, one and all, took the part of the miners." He then continues : The Catholic question in the United States is one of extreme interest. Within a few years it will be the Catholic peril. When one expresses this opinion to an American Protes-tant he laughs loudly, shrugs his shoulders, and pooh-poohs with hearty contempt. He answers that the Catholics of his country are animated by a genuinely republican spirit, that they have no religious fanaticism, that they are a petty minority with neither the purpose nor the power to trouble American society. Very well. The following statements will be judged idle by the American public, but they will interest the French public, which has been instructed by experience: The Roman Church, which in the United Ł States numbered 44,5oo communicants in 1790, to-day numbers 12,000,000 or more. The total population of the country is twenty times more numerous than at that epoch; the Catholic population three hundred times more numer-ous. To this we must now add 6,5oo,000 of Catholics in the Philippines, and t,000,000 Łin Porto Rico. The territory of the Republic maintains one cardinal, 17 archbishops, 81 bishops, administering 82 dioceses and 5 apos-tolic curateships, almost 11,00o churches, more than 5,000 chapels, with 12,5oo officiating priests. There are 81 Catholic seminaries, 163 colleges for boys, 629 colleges for girls, 3,400 parochial schools, 250 orphanages and nearly L000 other various institutions. Finally, the United.  States alone sends more Peter's pence to Rome than all the Catholic countries to-gether. Two incidents within a short interval may have opened the eyes of American citizens, here and there, to the Catholic question: the situation in the Philippines and the Pennsyl-vania strike. 