64o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY vention of the American Federation of Catholic Societies, held,  in Chicago early in August, Bishops McFaul and Messmer made addresses on the Philippine relig-ious question which were evidently in-tended as direct replies to Archbishop Ire-land's rebukes and criticisms of the atti-tude of his co-religionists in the matter. In the course of his address Bishop Mc-Faul quoted from a communication re-ceived by the Federation from the Secre-tary of War a statement to the effect that in the United States free non-sectarian instruction by the state had "proved to be for the interest of religion and all relig-ions," and declared this to be "an astound-ing assertion, since every one knows that the American public school system has been one of the chief factors in leaving millions of Americans without the bound-aries of any religious organization; in fact, that it has contributed largely to . the dechristianizing of America." The Independent declares this statement to be "an atrocious calumny," that "there is no apology possible for such a slander," and produces a bundle of statistics to show that the country has not been and "is not being dechristianized by our pub-lic schools or by any other agency, and it is a slander on our people to say that it is." Now on this point Bishop McFaul simply spoke out what is the position from top to bottom of the Catholic Church, as The Independent knows, or ought to know, perfectly well. We will make here but one citation in proof of what is so well known that it needs no proof. The Lit-erary Digest of August 2 (p. 142), states that while the recent negotiations at the Vatican were in progress, the papal or-gan, the Osservatore Romano, published an article on religious conditions in the United States, in which it declared "that . those conditions were extremely unsatis-factory, principally on account of the American public school system," and that "in those States, indeed, religious conch-tions suffer enormously on account of the unhappy principle of the separation of church and state, which in practise means a struggle against Christianity and Ca-tholicism." Did Bishop McFaul say more than this ? It was but a short time ago that The Independent, on its .knees as it were, expressed its gratitude to and affection for the Pope and its long-ing to "have Protestants and Catholics brought into closer relations" by means of Protestant acceptance of many of the dogmas of Romanism and denial of about all that Protestantism ever stood for, as-suring Protestants that "the Roman Church holds the rest of us Christians to be" "brethren" and that "Protestants have no right to deny that the Church of Rome is a true church." But, lo and be-hold, when a Catholic prelate ventures in a public address to state something which naturally and logically follows from the, elemental and well-known prin-ciples of the Roman Church, and which is held by no one more tenaciously than by the Pope himself, The Independent falls upon him in wrath and pronounces his words "atrocious." Now, in view of the fact that the Pope holds exactly the same position and view with regard to the American public school system and its effects as does bishop McFaul, it ap-pears to us that it would be more in keep-ing with the high rational attitude which The Independent professes to maintain in all matters, for it to equalize its affec-tion and its anger between the two. It seems hardly fair and just that all the wrath should be poured out upon the Bishop and all the affection lavished upon the Pope. Without mincing any words we will say that in our opinion those who attempt to gloze over the real character of the Papacy and to befuddle the Prot-estants of the United States into the no-tion that there is no difference between 