TWO1NEWSPAPERS ON RELIGION AND THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS 621 :sion because of the absence of public religious instruction is deserving of serious consider-ation. The question as to the effect of the purely secular training of the public schools on the moral character of their pupils is now raised. It is contended, on the one side, that the secular education to which they are con-fined leaves the moral development of their pupils wofully incomplete; in other words, that education without religion is a snare and a delusion. But how, asks the other side, are you to give religious instruction under the authority of the State to a body of children of parents of many different religious beliefs? One of our correspondents proposes a compro-mise. He would teach the Ten Commandments as moral laws which are of universal accept-ance by all religions; but that would not sat-isfy those who are demanding religious instruc-tion, for, at the bottom, what they demand is instruction in a particular religion. They want more than morals; they want religion. How is it possible to satisfy them without stirring up controversy and rebellion, division and recrim-ination, which would lead inevitably to the break-up of the whole school system? In is contended that because of the absence of religious teaching in the schools the children from them are retrograding morally. Where is the evidence that such is the case? Side by side with the secular public schools, with half a million pupils, are the Catholic parochial schools, of whose instruction religion is the foundation. Which produce the better results in character? If the superiority of the religious education is as great as some of our corre-spondents represent, the fact must have been  demonstrated practically in the public experi-ence. That is, if boys and girls whose train-ing has been religious turn out so much better than those from the public schools, there must be a flood of precise evidence to prove it. The specific criticisms of the public schools which we receive from parents and others relate to the character of the secular instruction given and do not complain of the absence of religious teaching. The vast majority of the children of New York are taught in the public schools, and they have been taught there for a generation past under substantially the same conditions as now. Is any moral decline observable among them? It may be that many of those whose religious training outside of the schools is neglected by their parents are less faithful in their church allegiance than children in the distinctively religious schools are taught to be; but practically is their moral tone lower? Are they not showing a tendency which is observable even among the religiously trained? Until these questions are answered with convincing facts it seems to us there will be no substantial basis for any profitable dis-cussion of the question in which our corre-spondents are taking so much interest. More-over, religious instruction of the kind wanted by the advocates of it is prohibited by the constitution of the State and can only be made possible by the amendment of that fundamental law. The census of church attendance taken last autumn seems to indicate that no agitation for such an amendment would have any hope of a successful result. Our school authorities should not cater to race or religion. If any sect desires to have its children taught its peculiar tenets, let the members of that sect pay for the schools in which they are taught. Institutions supported by general taxa-tion should be exclusively American and completely secular. Only in this way can the schools be maintained without fight-ing between the sects for their control. Catholics, Protestants, and Jews do not agree. The Agnostic differs from them all, and his rights in the matter are as sacred as any or all of them. Religion should never be alluded to in the public schools. It is just as fair for a teacher  in the schools to antagonize religion as it is to teach it. Neither should be done ; and until this view of the matter is taken there will be confusion, injustice, and bad blood all around.ŠThe Truth Seeker. For the sake of justice, in England as well as in France, we hope that an end will before long be put to the power of any particular church in those lands over the public schools. The steadily increas-ing value to the state of the non-sectarian public schools of America as developers of loyal and intelligent citizens should be an object-lesson to all other countries. ŠThe Outlook. 