324 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. require religion, it shall be the religion of Jesus Christ.' At a convention held in Pittsburg, Pa., a year later, Prof. C. A. Blanchard said : "Constitutional laws punish for false money, weights, and measures. So Congress must establish a standard of religion, or admit anything called religion.'' In the Christian Statesman of Nov. I, 1883, Rev. W. J. Coleman said : "To be perfectly plain, I believe that the existence of a Christian Constitution would disfranchise every logically consistent infidel." Again, in the Christian Statesman of Jan. 13, 1887, Rev. M. A. Galt, at that time a prominent National Reform worker, said : "Our remedy for all these malefic influences is to have the government simply set up the moral law, and recognize God's authority behind it, and lay its hand on any religion that does not conform to it." Dec. i4th of the same year, in an open letter to the editors of this paper, Rev. W. T. McConnell said : "You look for trouble in this land in the future, if these principles are applied. I think it will come to you if you maintain your present position." And no longer ago than December, 1899, in a Na-tional Reform convention held in New York City, Rev. J. M. Foster said : "We sometimes think the Pilgrim Fathers were too severe in their legislation against immorality. There was a law in the colonial statutes of New England that for a flagrant violation of the Sabbath the offender should be hanged. We may say this was wrong; but let me ask, were they nearer or farther from the moral law as interpreted by the Mosaic legislation than we are? Under the Mosaic law a man guilty of idolatry and Sabbath breaking was to be executed ; and I ap-prehend that we ought to return to that order of things to-day, and execute the penalty for the violation of moral law. A man who openly and violently blas-phemes the name of God has forfeited his right to live under the God whose law he has broken." But let us hear some official testimony upon the meaning of this demand that "the teachings of Jesus Christ" shall "be embodied in the Constitution of our nation and applied in concrete form to every function of our government." March 11, 1896, there was a hearing before the Judiciary Committee of the House of Representatives in Washington. The subject under consideration was a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the preamble to the Constitution of the United States, as follows (the part inclosed in brackets being that which it is proposed to insert): "We, the people of the United States [acknowledg-ing Almighty God as the source of all power and au-thority in civil government, the Lord Jesus Christ as the ruler of nations, and His revealed will as of su-preme authority in civil affairs], in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and to our posterity, do ordain and estab-lish this Constitution for the United States of Amer-ica." At this hearing Mr. Baker, a member of the com-mittee, asked Dr. McAllister, Secretary of the Na-tional Reform Association, this question : "Who is going to decide that justice, the Protestant or Catholic, the Hebrew or Mohammedan ?" Dr. McAllister : "It will be decided as it is to-day. A man comes here to Congress, receiving the suffrages of the people. His voice enters as an elemerit in the voice of the nation, and that collective being, the Gov-ernment, must interpret what is right and wrong, just as it does to-day. * * * What we ask is that you acknowledge in your legislation the moral principles of Christianity." Mr. Baker : "Do you, then, believe the voice of the people is the voice of God ?" Dr. McAllister: "When it is right." Mr. Baker : "Who is to determine what is right ?" Dr. McAllister: "The nation in its responsibility to God." Mr. Baker : "How are you going to determine that ?" Dr. McAllister : "By the people themselves ; just as they do now." Again, in the same hearing, in replying to a ques- tion as to how this would affect the individual con-science, Dr. McAllister said : "I say it comes to this : This matter of conscience is one that goes back to the moral sense of the people. It is not simply an individual conscience. * * * Here is a nation, which gives its decision according to its sense of right and wrong. That is the national con-science, and when the nation gives its decision, * * * the individual conscience must yield to the conscience of the whole people which is over him, and should be over him in order to enforce what is right, but which can be over him only by recognizing the Lord's supreme authority over the nation." * * * * * * * The Chairman : "Do you believe the Bible to be the word of God ?" Dr. McAllister : "I do ; but that does not enter into the question." The Chairman : "Now, if you believe that, do you intend by this amendment to have the Bible recog-nized in the Constitution as the word of God ?" Dr. McAllister : "As the standard of morality, ac-knowledged by the people, by the nation, as given by God." The Chairman : "I want to get at exactly what you mean here. I read your proposed amendmentŠ'We, 