EDITORIAL 827 YThe fez orQeil Of Ofa11,5711AN 11.01121:E7I7 Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States devoted to the exposition and defense of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation, but it is a live magazine which discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH. C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matter at the New York Post-office. (See close of reading matter for terms of subscription, etc.) We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe ix temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil government to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the Privilege, of every individual to worship God according to the dictates of his own con-science, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty, and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of lib-erty, which is theirs by virtue of the un-bounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. VOL. 17 DECEMBER, 1902 NO. 13 Self-exaltation lowers instead of ele-vates. "The law of self-renouncing love is the law of life for earth and heaven." The Christian church is in the world to manifest the spirit and character of Christ. The principles of Christianity call men not to authority and rule, but to service and ministry. He who sets his affection upon power chooses misery and desolation for his way and end. The saloon-keeper and his business are no more of an evil on Sunday than on other days. The spirit of the Most High is mani-fested in unselfish ministry, and all who would be like Him must have the same spirit. The power of love is the power that has been bequeathed to the Christian church for the accomplishment of her mission in the world. The "civil Sabbath" is thought by its friends to be too good to be used for civil purposes. It is strange that a civil thing must be employed only for relig-ious uses. The Sabbath institution is religious, or it is nothing; and its rest is spiritual, or it is nothing. Its observance is there-fore not a subject for civil legislation ; its rest cannot be forced upon people. The "demonstration method" of Sun-day enforcement makes a very good sub-stitute for the legal method. Its appear-ance is very significant; it is likely to come into frequent use in the future. In all ages politics has been the "sci-ence" of securing power, the way of gaining supremacy and gratifying the ambition to rule. When the spirit of 