EDITORIAL There is just one thing settled, and that is that whatever "business transac-tion" takes place will be arranged at Manila between the representatives of the Papacy and the Philippine government. Thus, after going to the Vatican, has the American Government learned from even the Papacy herself that the "headquar-ters" for transacting business connected with affairs in the Philippine Islands is not in Rome, Italy, The Independent and other great journals to the contrary ,not-withstanding. The Government has es-tablished a dangerous precedent which will be to the advantage of the Papacy always hereafter in her plainly manifest-ed design of bringing the American Gov-ernment under her sway, and in return for its pains the Government has the problems, just as they were, still on its hands, and has the satisfaction of going about their settlement in just the same way that it could have done without tak-ing any such step. Whatever may have been the delusion that obtained and was so assiduously propagated for a time as to the work of this commission, or "mission," to the Va-tican not being a work of diplomacy, it has been quite thoroughly dissipated by the occurrences of the past few weeks. With the President and Secretary of War staying up nearly all night and spending most of one Sunday in ar-ranging answers to propositions from the papal Secretary of State, the idea that diplomatic negotiations were, not in progress vanished into thin air. We will consider this matter further in the September SENTINEL, and present here in conclusion this keenly discerning editorial note from the New York Even-ing Post of July 14: Again the Vatician diplomatists smile de-mutely, and say they wish those American negotiators were not so slow. It is a kind of malicious satisfaction, apparently, which indo- 577 lent Rome takes in showing itself swifter than rushing America. Our cocksure press was tell-ing us how Governor Taft would open the eyes of the sleepy prelates of the Curia, and show them an example of Yankee dispatch in busi-ness; but now, for the second time, it is the Vatican which has come promptly to time with its answer, while Governor Taft has to ask for fresh delays until Secretary Root and President Roosevelt can put their heads to-gether and make up their minds whether they really want to send the Holy See an ulti-matum. It is a thorny question, this of the Philippine friars, and our light-hearted grasp-ers of it are likely to prick their hands before they get through. Catholic diplomacy was not born yesterday. Nor is the whole religious situation in the archipelago one which it is easy for our enthusiastic Protestants to recon-cile with their belief that Providence took us to the Philippines for the express purpose of opening a new Catholic country to Protestant missionaries. With their own government sternly rebuking all attempts to interfere with the religious preferences of the nativesÑan attitude which will seem to ultra-Protestants as a going over bodily to the Scarlet WomanÑthey will be disposed to be less sure that it was "the hand of God" which signed the treaty annexing the Philippines. Washington Sunday Law Pro-nounced Valid . About a year ago a Sunday-enforce-ment campaign was inaugurated in the city and county of Walla Walla, Wash. 'It began with saloons, but, as is usually the case soon extended to business of all kinds, and the effects of it were soon felt in the Seventh-day Adventist communi-ty located in the little suburb of College PlaCe. The Adventists had been accus-tomed for years to engaging in their or-dinary occupations on Sunday, and in fact had never been molested since estab-lishing a college, sanitarium and other enterprises there some twelve or fifteen years ago.  ¥ A complaint was filed against Nichols & Son, merchants, and Mr. Dorsey Nich- 