510 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY places of business on Sunday or prosecu-tions will be brought." This was done in response to a petition signed by some eight or ten persons. The complainants base their action on an old blue law of Connecticut, which, they claim, has never been repealed, and call upon the selectmen to enforce it to the letter, although popular sentiment is opposed to it, and many expressions of indignation are heard. By order of the authorities the pro-prietors of fruit stores in Meriden, Conn., have been notified " that they must re-main closed on Sunday or they will be prosecuted." The cause of this action is not known exactly, but it is thought to have been inspired by the butchers' and grocers' association. It has brought out the fact that " many years ago the law said that stores should not do business between sunrise and sunset on Sunday," but that now it forbids them to do busi-ness between 12 o'clock Saturday night and 12 o'clock Sunday night; and that whereas the penalty formerly was a fine of $4 it is now a fine of $50. Time does not seem to be working any modification of Connecticut's Sunday law. At Wilkinsburg, Pa., on July 15, three druggists and a tobacco seller were ar-raigned before Burgess Keys on the charge of Sunday selling. In the cases of the druggists, one was dismissed because the complaint was not made out prop-. erly, decision in another was reserved, and the third was continued for lack of witnesses, some of the persons summoned being loth to testify, and one man refus-ing absolutely to do so. The tobacco seller was a Roumanian. He " was ar-rested for selling a package of tobacco " on the preceding Sunday, and though " the proof was meager," he " was fined $25 and costs "! " While the hearings were taking place the W. C. T. Union met in the First Presbyterian Church and passed resolutions endorsing the ac- tion of the committee of twelve " which' had brought about the prosecutions. On the same day the pastor of the church named, Rev. T. Parry, " said that the-committee of twelve will be assisted by a new committee of one hundred, and that $i,000 will be raised to prosecute the-evildoers." The crusade is especially against the sale of " ice-cream sodas and summer drinks " by the druggists, but " it is threatened by the committee that they will stop the sale of any article, no. matter what its nature may be." The matter of Sunday baseball was be-fore the Lincoln, R. I., township council on July 8. A letter from the treasurer of a manufacturing company protesting against Sunday ball playing in the town of Manville, and calling for its suppres-sion, was read. Rev. Albert Crabtree-was present in person to second the pro-test, and addressed the council to the same effect. After some discussion the town sergeant was instructed " to proŠceed against everybody caught assisting in the game in any manner on Sunday hereafter."Š" Acting upon the protests of the clergy, particularly of the Roman Catholic Church," the Burrillville, R. I., town council " has voted unanimously toŁ allow no more Sunday ball playing," and " has issued an order to the police to stopŁ it." This is said to mean the discontinu-ance of " Sunday ball playing in the-northern part of Rhode Island."ŠA com-mittee was recently appointed by the Ep-worth Methodist church in Kenton, Ohio, " to act conjointly with committees from other churches to take action regarding Sunday baseball." It was expected that the mayor would " be asked to put a stop to all playing of ball within the city limits on Sunday."ŠThe eighteen mem-bers of two baseball teams were arraigned before Police Justice Price in Syracuse, N. Y., on June 29 on a charge of " play-ing Sunday baseball." The members of 