64 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Łlished in connection with these from which we have quoted. Some one sign-ing himself " West Philadelphian " wrote, in part: I wish to call attention to that por-tion of Rev. L. Y. Graham's letter where he says 2,000 persons have been fined since last November for viola-tions of the Sunday laws in our city. Does the reverend gentleman mean to convey the impression that the cigar and candy stores have only been open on Sundays since last November, when it is a well-known fact that these self-same cigar and candy stores have been open on Sunday for so many years that not one person in a thousand had any idea that it was in violation of any law? If Mr. Graham knows nothing of the so-called violators of this law previous to last November, he should investigate, and at the same time it might not be a bad thing for him to see if he cannot find some few other viola-tors of this law as well as the little cigar-candy dealers. I don't think he would have difficulty in finding some larger game if he wants it. I see Rev. T. T. Mutchler says that if the small dealers can't live and obey the law, they should get out. The small dealers can and do obey any and all just laws that the authorities want to enforce. What the small dealers object to is the hir-ing of men to hound them. Among other things William M. Hinckle wrote : My own impression is that the move-ment is too superficial to accomplish more than to cause a great deal of trouble, not to say deprivation, to many in the humbler walks of life. At the same time the causes which permit these lesser evils, as well as those of a deeper dye, and whose existence is sap-ping the foundations of our honesty and morality, are allowed to flourish unchecked, and are even encouraged by the very committee which is so val-orously "tilting at windmills.". . . . To hale before the court one here and one there for Sabbath desecration, while next door "the man with a pull" is allowed to keep open, is not only unjust but will probably encourage the  unfortunate citizen to seek the favor of the machine to obtain the same cov-eted privilege as his neighbor, and the "organization" becomes the more firmly entrenched in its corruption. On January 10 the Public Ledger pub-lished another batch of communica-tions on "The Blue Law Movement," called forth by its noteworthy editorial of December 28, which was included in the report given last week. All but two of the communications were in ap-proval, and one of these was not in entire disapproval. It was from Albert B. Carner, of York, Pa., and was in part as follows : Your important editorial of Decem-Ł ber 28 challenges and deserves most thoughtful attention. Your position is clearly stated, and your first objection lies against the method of getting evi-dence. We believe the objection is.well taken. There is something obnoxious in espionage and decoy. . . . Your second objection, that men can-not be made good by law, is wide of the mark. Criminal laws are not pri-marily intended "to make men good," but to deter lawbreakers from interfer-ing with the rights of good men and from making men bad. . . . Uphold-ers of Sabbath laws ,do not so much hope to make Sabbath-breakers relig-ious as to prevent such men from lead-ing other men, especially young peo-ple and children, to become despisers of law, and irreligious and atheists and anarchists. Your third objection, a denial to the citizen of the right of private judg-ment, is a more difficult one to meet on the plane of merely human argument, especially in this day of vast immigra-tion and large diversity of population. But there is still in all civilized com-munities a general consent Š practi-cally unanimous Š as to the necessity of religion and of its culture. And de-fenders of the Sabbath believe devoutly that it is a Divine institution, authori-tatively commanded in the Decalogue,i  and, as modified by Christ and his apostles, now binding upon all men. And this involves your fourth objet- 