.122 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY or public trust under the United States." The history of the past had instructed them, as it ought to instruct the men of to-day, that the absolute separation of the state from religious dogma is the only ground of safety to the civil and religious liberties of the people. It would be wisdom if we of this day and  generation would remember the experi-ences from which our fathers learned to keep aloof from entangling alliances. It would be well for us all to occasionally revert to the history of the past, and take heed to its lessons, lest we forget and leave an open door for a repetition of the tyrannies which are recorded on its pages. The Ł "Continental Sunday" --Its --Its Lesson By L. A. Smith AFEAR that is often expressed by the advocates of Sunday legis-lation in this country is that present ten-dencies in the matter of Sunday observ-ance will soon result in overthrowing the "American Sabbath" and substituting in its place the "Continental Sunday," that is, Sunday as it is observed on the conti-nent of Europe. They say that this can be prevented only by more stringent Sun-day legislation. This idea is one that may well be examined in the light of his-tory. Where did the "Continental Sunday" come from ? Obviously it must have been the outcome of precedent conditions which had prevailed until they had molded the religious sentiment and habits of the people. What those precedent con-ditions were history plainly states. From very early times until near the middle of the sixteenth century Europe had been dominated by the Papacy. The Reformation did not wholly alter this condition. Throughout the most of Eu-rope, indeed, that domination was scarce-ly disturbed, and nowhere was the stamp of Rome entirely removed. Even where the Reformation had been most success-ful the mold of papal ideas and principles was still visible in the common practises of the people. And perhaps the most con-spicuous mark of Rome's former suprem-acy was the fact that church and state re-mained more or less united, and religious  dogmas and institutions were sought to be advanced by the power of the civil law. There was no lack of legislation de-signed to maintain the observance of Sunday. As early as the days of Con-stantine such legislation began to be en-acted, and this foundation was built upon through succeeding centuries until the 'Sabbath" was "protected" by the most rigid laws. In spite of this, however, the religious observance of the day declined in many countries until the idea of a holy day gave place to that of a holiday, to be observed, not by the worship of God, but by the most worldly sports and pleasures. At intervals an effort would be made to check this tendency by the enactment of new laws, but the results of such efforts were never permanent, and in the end only left the observance of the day on a lower plane than before. Such is the evolution of the "Continen-tal Sunday." We find it to have been the outcome, mainly, of the substitution of the human in the place of the divineŠhu-man authority for the authority of God, and human law for the law of God. The Papacy exalted a man (the Pope) into the place of God in the church, and the union of church and state turned the at-tention of the people to human legislation as the authority by which they were bound to religious observances. The in-evitable result of this was the loss of true 