284 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY but the form of government under which the Filipinos must live is that of "a naked sword." So thoroughly imperialistic is this authority that it has been charged and not denied that the President's rep- resentatives in the Philippines prohibited the reading of the Declaration of Inde-pendence before a gathering of Filipinos on July 4, 19o1. "Think of that for im-perialism !"ŠThe Commoner. Dr. Savage on the Sabbath and Sunday Question By the Editor I  N this number of THE SENTINEL we quote extensively from a sermon delivered a short time ago in this city by the well-known Unitarian minister, Dr. Minot J. Savage, with regard to the ori-gin, history, and authority of Sunday ob-servance. We have taken the liberty to present only those portions of the address that seem to us to be especially pertinent to the Sunday question as it is now pre-sented to public attention, and that are substantially in accord with what we believe to be the truth regarding Sunday observance and its enforcement. But in-asmuch as the extracts given present only a partial view of Dr. Savage's position regarding the observance of a weekly rest day, perhaps it will be only fair to him for us to briefly present other points in his address that his position may be clearly understood. ŁIn the first place it may be proper to say for the information of some that Dr. Savage is one of the foremost men of a religious body that has always been noted for the intelligence and culture of its leaders. He is a prolific writer on the deeper themes which now engage the at-tention of the intellectual world, and is a man of great intelligence and depth of thought. However widely one may differ from some of his opinions and con- clusioni, it cannot be doubted that they are the result of earnest study and deep conviction, rather than of the superficial and supercilious intellectual daring that is so prominent a characteristic of these times. We are glad that a man of such ear-nestness and intelligence has spoken un-equivocally regarding the popular delu-sion that Sunday observance is of divine authority. He states plainly the fact that neither in the Fourth Commandment, in the New Testament Scriptures, nor in Apostolic times, is there anything sanc-tioning the observance as of divine authority. We are glad also that he has stated in no uncertain terms that the enforcement of Sunday observance is a flagrant violation of the principle of religious freedom, the creeping in of tyranny, a return to the old theocracy, the union of church and state. Men of prominence who dare to plainly and boldly avow this evident fact are scarce, and therefore we may be par-doned for calling special attention to this instance. However, in this age such words should not deserve especial commendation ; every man should hold the position that is announced by Dr. Savage on this point. The idea that civil government has anything to do with 