570  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY question, for it does not affect the justice and rightfulness of the matter a par-ticle. "Our gifts to. Liberty" was the theme of a recent editorial in The Independent. It is declared.  that what has been done for Cuba is "a great gift to Liberty," but that "the amazing, the unparalleled gift to Liberty, which will long add a new distinction to the Fourth of July," is the proclamation of "liberty and self-gov-ernment" for the Philippines. "When before," it is asked, "has such a benefac-tion come to so many million people, op-pressed for four hundred years ?" "The world has never seen the parallel to this, a Malay people thus made a republic." "What the fathers declared in 1776 for themselves and achieved through seven years of brave war, their sons now, by aid of a much shorter war, have given to four times as many human beings as then dwelt and fought in these thirteen Colonies." It is declared that there is no blame for Filipinos that they at first "did not believe that our words were true," nor surprise "that Tagalogs did not at first trust our benevolent purpose." But those "in our own land that could not discern the righteous purpose of our peo-ple" "ought to be overwhelmed with shame, now that our promises are kept to both Cuba and the Philippines, and peace and liberty are established." Per-haps they should, but we would suppose that those who can make such boasts in the face of the facts as they are, who can proclaim the conquest of the Filipinos to be an amazing, an unparalleled gift to Liberty, who can pretend that a republic has been set up in the Philippines, and thdt the Filipinos have been given what the fathers declared in 1776 for them-selvesÑwe say in all seriousness that we would suppose that those who can thus boast have reason to be overwhelmed  with shame but are incapable of such an experience. It passes our comprehension how such things can be given forth by a rational, reflecting mind. 0 The indifference of the people of St. Louis to the revelations of enormous offi-cial corruption in the administration of their municipal affairs is a matter that is occasioning considerable remark, and is rightly declared to be the gravest aspect of the situation. It is evidence that cor-ruption of one sort or another is more widespread than any grand jury has yet revealed. The people of St. Louis, says the Springfield Republican, "need a moral awakening more than a world's fair." And St. Louis is not the only city in America whose people need such an awakening. A most important fact to note in this connection is that when cor-ruption and a decadence of personal in-tegrity become widespread among the people of a republic they are being pre-pared not only to look with indifference upon gigantic official corruption, but upon the overturning and revolutionizing of their form of government itself. The only safety of popular government is in the jealousy of the people for its adher-ence to the principles of justice and lib-erty, and this .jealousy cannot exist when the law of rectitude ceases to control the personal conduct of citizens. It is not the shame, but the glory, of a nation when apy act inconsistent with justice and right which it may commit or sanction brings a cry of protest from citizens. Those who have cried out against the in-human acts which have taken place under American authority in the Philippines have been denounced as traducers of the nation and its representatives. Had not such acts aroused a cry.  of protest in America it would have been to the eter-nal shame and dishonor of the nation. When the time comes that there is not 