EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 615 primary education," but he qualified this by saying that it should be done " only so far as is necessary to form good citi-zens of an earthly state." There need be little fear but that when religious teach-ing is established in the public educational system it will be done on the ground that it is in the interests of good citizenship here, and not because of any interests it may promote over yonder. The danger of this idea of religious instruction by the state lies in this very fact that it is com-ing to be regarded as in the interests of and necessary for good citizenship. It is this that will enable it to be carried into effect. The Catholic Transcript says : It is a noteworthy fact that Lutherans and Jews retain their adherents longer than do other non-Catholic denominations. And sin-gularly enough they join hands with Catholics in demanding religious education for their chil-dren. The sects that are lamenting empty pews are those that raise the shrillest cry whenever an attempt is made to engraft religion upon our school system. This is a truly Catholic statement. The Lutherans and Jews do not, as the writer of this knew full well, join hands with Catholics in the attempt to engraft re-ligion upon the public school system. On the contrary, there are no two classes more opposed to that Catholic scheme. The Jews and Lutherans care enough for their religion, for fundamental American principles, and have enough self-respect not to expect and demand that the state shall attend to the matter of the religious education of their children. " That conception of the state which seeks to banish the Bible from the school and to silence therein the voice of prayer and all instruction in Christian truth, is at war with any acknowledgment of God in any State constitution, with all our thanksgiving proclamations, with the uni-versal custom of prayer in Congress and in our State legislatures," protests the  Christian Statesman. This is the truth, and it proves that that conception of the state is a consistent conception, and one that accords with the fundamental princi-ples of the American government. The " acknowledgment " of God in constitu-tions, thanksgiving proclamations by civil officials, and the prayer custom in legis-lative bodies are relics of church-and-state union that have never been proper in the American Republic. According to the Christian Endeavor World, " no more important topic was discussed " at the late International Chris-tian Endeavor Convention at Denver " than that of ' The Bible in the Public Schools,' which was ably treated by the Rev. T. H. Acheson, of Denver." He " gave an interesting resume of the legal status of the Bible in the public schools of the various States," and said " that all Christians ought to take the position of the National Educational Association, at its meeting in Chicago : ' The Bible that made the public schools ought also to be taught in them.' " The great Christian Endeavor organization is evidently one of the forces that stand for state support of religious teaching. The Catholic Church has four thousand parochial schools in the United States, with an attendance of about one million students. The claim is put forth that " the superiority of the parochial schools over the pUblic schools is becoming more apparent every day." The public schools have an attendance of about thirteen millions. A misprint occurred last week as to the date of the day appointed to be ob-served " as a day for prayer for public schools and for sermons on education." It should have been given as September 13 instead of September io. 