It SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must he a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. O O A " Sunday-closing ordinance " was " placed on its second reading " at a meet-ing of the Bowling Green, Ohio, city council on July 27. " For playing baseball on Sunday, John Yunker, aged seventeen, and Joseph Grainer, aged twenty-six, were arrested " at Pittsburg, Pa., on August 2. The retail clerks' union of Stillwater, Minn., has " decided to take up the matter of Sunday opening of stores in a way that will enforce the closing of stores on Sunday." The Addison (N. Y.) Advertiser re-ports that " complaint has been made to Chief of Police Erwin against Sunday fishing on the river," and says the fisher-men " should read section 265 of the forest, fish and game laws." At Yoakum, Texas, on August 8, " on instructions from the council," an officer " notified saloon proprietors and fruit dealers to observe the Sunday law," and the next day " the town was closed for the first time in many months." At Piqua, Ohio, on August 9, Nicholas Varlan, proprietor of " the Greek candy kitchen," was arrested for Sunday open-ing and selling. This is " the first arrest under the new order of things." " The newspapers are delivered as usual, but the carrier boys have been ordered to refrain from calling their papers." At a meeting of the city council of Yoakum, Texas, on August 3, " a com-mittee of ladies representing the local W. C. T. U. presented a petition asking  that the Sunday law be enforced." " Upon motion carried by full vote of the councilmen present the officers were in-structed to enforce said law in future." At a meeting held on August 3 the board of safety of Dayton, Ohio, " re-ceived a communication in which repre-sentatives of the various churches in the city requested the mayor and board to en-force the Sunday-closing law, and also to state their intentions relative to the law in writing." The matter " was referred to the mayor, as the executive head of the board." " The Sunday closing was the one su-preme topic of conversation on the streets of Galveston," Texas, on August 3, ac-cording to the News of that city. The Sunday law had been enforced on the previous day. " The consensus of opinion seemed to be that it was not for the good of Galveston that the city be closed on Sundays." In the recorder's court on August 5 " the complaints alleging viola-tion of the Sunday law were all dis-missed," and " it is understood that condi-tions in the future will be permitted to remain as in the past." The selectmen of Turners Falls, Mass., recently " sent round notifications to the shopmen and storekeepers that the Sun-day law would be enforced, and in-structed the police that they should allow no illegal Sunday selling." A corre-spondent of the Springfield Republican writes that " the prompt action of the selectmen meets with general approval," and that " the better citizens of the town will expect to see the Sunday law strictly enforced." He says that " whatever may 