PUBLISHERS' DEPARTMENT  133 Teacher, as the Eternal Sacrifice, as Great High Priest, as the Judge, as the Everlasting King, by Prof. G. W. Rine. 5. A Study of the World-Wide Sabbath Question in the Light of Scripture and His-tory. Surely such a study is of vast impor-tance, and will be of interest. Every honest soul will wish to know God's truth in the matter. 6. Articles on the little-known book of Zechariah. By Pastor R. S. Owen, of Los Angeles. THE HOME DEPARTMENT Presents valuable articles by experienced, practical writers. Talks on Health and Hygiene, including Bathing, Proper Diet, Bad Dietetic Habits, Proper Dress, Pure Blood and Pure Air, Blessings of Sunshine, Pure Water, Hygiene of Hopefulness, Beauty, Simplicity and Econ-omy in the Home; Talks to Fathers, Mothers, Parents, Boys, Girls, Care of Chil-dren, etc., etc., etc. EDITORIALLY, The Signs of the Times will present the Gospel of Jesus Christ, in matters of Faith, Justifi-cation, Regeneration, Obedience, the Work of the Holy Spirit, the Prophecies of Daniel and the Revelation; it will contain articles upon the great living questions of the day affecting church and state, great world-move-ments like Christian Science, Hypnotism, and Spiritism, and much more. Besides these three important departments there is a Mission department, a Sabbath-school department and news columns. The subscription price of the Signs of the Times is $1.50 per year. We will send The Sentinel of Christian Liberty, the Signs of the Times, and the well-known health journal, Good Health, all one year for only $2.50. Address, Sentinel of Christian Liberty, II West loth Street, New York City. An Important Suggestion. Individuals and societies that have been prevented, by the recent ruling of the Post-office authorities, from sending The Sentinel at second-class rates, will be glad to know that there is still a way in which this im- portant work may be carried on. We have the following Plan to suggest: Where a club of five or more Sentinels is taken, we will mail each of these magazines to addresses furnished us at the rate of 20 cents for three months, and the addresses can be changed every three months if de-sired. For $20 one hundred copies of The Sentinel can he sent to one hundred different addresses for three months, and the work of mailing will be done at the office of publica-tion. The next quarter the one hundred copies could be sent to new addresses. On .the same basis we will mail five copies to five addresses for three months for $1. It is expected that the correspondence with these individuals will be kept up just the same as though the papers were being sent out by those who pay for them. What a field there is for this kind of work! Who can use one hundred copies or less? Address, Sentinel of Christian Liberty, II W. loth. Street, New York. "Missionary Work in a Dark City." Chicago contains nearly two million inhab-itants, or more people than the entire popu-lation of some of the large States. Are you sufficiently interested in learning something of what God is doing for this great mass of humanity to expend 25 cents for a 'year's subscription to the Life Boat,' The December number contains an article ,by Dr. Kellogg, on "The Beginning" and development of the Chicago medical missionary work; early "Experiences in the Chicago Medical Mis-sion" are related by Dr. Kress, who now has charge of our medical missionary work in Australia; a thrilling article entitled, "Our First Medical Missionary Work," is by Dr. Rand; "Two Years and a Half with the Chicago Medical Missionary Training School," is the title of an article by Dr. Paulson; in "The Outcasts and Prisoners" Mrs. W. S. Sadler relates some interesting experiences connected with the extensive prison correspondence which she has carried on for a number of years. "What Rescue Work Means," by Fannie Emmel, the matron of our Life Boat Rest for girls, gives a clear description of the methods employed in di-recting back to right paths the feet of the erring and the outcast. This article alone is worth many times the price of the paper. 