SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 245 Cray, in instructing the grand jury as to its duties, called attention to the viola-tions of law by saloon-keepers, one of the points emphasized being that of "keeping open on the Sabbath." The jurors were told that it was "unlawful to dispose of intoxicating liquors on the Sabbath day," and that "all licensed sa-loons are required to be kept closed dur-ing all hours of every Sabbath day." The Knights of Fidelity, an organiza-tion of saloon-keepers of Dubuque, Iowa, has undertaken, with the active coopera-tion of Archbishop Keane, to "reform" the saloons of that city. A number of "reform rules" have been adopted, prom-inent among them being that of Sunday closing, but nothing whatever is said about forsaking the business, which would seem to be the first and most im-portant step for a saloon-keeper to take in the interests of temperance, as this movement is represented to be. Ł The druggists of Greenville, Texas, have united upon this rather peculiar resolution : "Whereas, the Sunday law as it now operates against the druggists renders the Sunday business a great an-noyance, and a greater loss in profits; therefore, in order to allow our employes a day of rest and the opportunity of at-tending religious services, our places of business will hereafter be closed after To:3o o'clock on Sunday." It is to be hoped the druggists will hold together better than does their reasoning for Sun-day closing. The smaller grocerymen of Indianap-olis, Ind., who are in business chiefly in the outer districts of the city, have or-ganized an association for the purpose of opposing the Sunday-closing crusade that  is being waged by the larger dealers. It is known as the Independent Grocers' Association, and has a membership of 350. On February 12, by a unanimous vote, the members of the association de-cided to open their places of business every Sunday morning hereafter, from six until ten o'clock. The small store-keepers claim that there is a decision on record which protects them in Sunday o p e n i n g. This grocers' association marks quite a novel departure from the trend of the many associations of grocers and other dealers now being formed, which have as their object the enforce-ment of Sunday closing. Ł The barbers' union of St. Paul, Minn., is continuing its campaign of prosecution of barbers found shaving on Sundays. The union does not consider the fine of $i for each offense, imposed by the St. Paul police courts, as sufficiently severe, and, according to the Press, of that city, has now "adopted the plan of taking alleged violators of the law to Rose-mount, where the costs bring the assess-ment up to about $5." On complaint of representatives of the barbers' union, five barbers were recently fined for Sunday barbering by Justice Hoyt, of Rose-mount. Five citizens of Nazareth, Pa., were recently arrested and tried "for hunting on Sunday." A fine of $25 and costs was imposed upon each, the whole sum amounting to $138.50. The constable of Ross township, Monroe county, in which the arrests were made, and four other men, "who were the informers," received half of this sum. It evidently pays, from a pecuniary standpoint, to run down "Sabbath desecrators" in that part of the country. There is no intimation that the men who spent Sunday so profitably in 