coffEell OF COMB STUART 11.11 ZER777 VOL. XVII I NEW YORK, THURSDAY, MARCH 5, 1903 No. io     Rest from LaborŠShould It be Coerced? - The Ground and Extent of Legislative Authority with Respect to a Weekly or other Rest Day* SELF-PRESERVATION is the first law of natureŠthe pursuit of hap-piness the second ; and man is as naturally disposed as he is imperiously directed to use the means by which to sustain life and obtain happiness. Labor for those purposes, therefore, is useful industry, and hence useful industry is ranked among the virtues. Idleness is the oppo-site of useful industry and is inconsistent.  with the preservation of life and the pur-suit of happiness, and is therefore called a vice. Labor occasions fatigue, by which nature dictates the necessity of rest, or cessation from labor, lest excessive fa-tigue produced by continual labor should impair the vital functions and endanger or destroy that life it is intended to sus-tain, or lessen that happiness it is in-tended to promote. The object of rest from labor is to obviate or destroy the fatigue produced by labor, or in other words, to replenish, renew, or re-create the strength and spirits which are di-minished by labor, and thus refit man for renewed exertions to sustain life and promote his happiness. Rest from labor beyond this is not required by nature, and it is therefore unnecessary and ex- * See editorial note on another page.  cessive ; and excessive rest is indolence, slothfulness, vice. But the necessity to labor and to rest, and the object to be attained by them, is no less certain than the time when the latter should be had, for if labor produces fatigue and fatigue indicates the neces-sity for rest, no room is left to doubt that the time for rest is when nature through fatigue indicates the necessity of suspending the labor by which it is oc-casioned. The necessary duration of rest is no less clearly ascertained than the time when it should be commenced. Rest from labor having for its object the dis-sipation of fatigue, its necessary dura-tion is limited to the time when its object shall be accomplished ; that is, when fa-tigue is overcome, and the strength and spirits which were diminished by labor shall be renewed,* replenished, re-created. Food is necessary to sustain animal life and repair the strength and spirits diminished by toil. As certainly as na-ture enjoins the labor necessary for pro-curing sustenance, it directs the cessation from toil long enough and for the pur-pose of taking it. This is a portion of the time which the laws of self-preserva-tion have prescribed for a cessation of 