611 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY supply our Catholic children with a system of education acceptable to the Catholic conscience? One of the chief objects, if not the chief object, for which the American Federation of Catholic Societies, at the head of which is Bishop McFaul, has been organized and is being strengthened is to have " our country supply our Cath-olic children with a system of education acceptable to the Catholic conscience." This is one of the dangers of that religio-political organization. It has already proposed " a solution of the educational problem, so far as we are concerned." But we shall have to leave that for later consideration. Many more such utter-ances as have been given here might be given if space permitted. The Catholic press abounds with expressions of the same ideas. In connection with the question of religion in the public schools, or public support of religious teaching, a number of other questions are raised, which, while important and having a cer-tain bearing on the main issue, really do not affect the principle involved, and how-ever they are decided cannot be allowed to determine the main question. One of these is " the question of the practical and comparative results of education in the public schools and in schools of which the basis of the instruction is religion." The New York Sun thinks this " is cer-tainly a very important question," and " a practical question," and one that " ought to be answerable, if not completely, at least partly by facts," and in harmony with the suggestion of a correspondent Who is of the opinion that " a statistical comparison of the practical results of the public school and of the parochial school education would not exhibit the moral advantages of religious instruction," has asked for, and promised to print " as valuable contributions to an important  social study," communications giving " well-authenticated facts bearing on this particular question." " Are our children actually suffering moral deterioration be-cause of the purely secular education they receive in the public schools, and are pu-pils turned out by the parochial schools of a better moral tone and less likely to fall into habits deleterious to themselves and the community? " pertinently asks the Sun. Its correspondent suggests a definite plan for getting at the facts and reaching a conclusion : Instead of arguing the school question on mere theory, why not get facts on which to proceed? They are obtainable. Find out what was the schooling, parochial or public, of the actual majority (I) of those who are in the pauper class in the dispensaries and hospitals; (2) of those who are daily brought up before magistrates for " d-unk and disorderly" con-duct; (3) of those who are serving time in jails. It is easy to go through the wards, the courts, the corridors, and get answers to these questions in actual statistics, and until these statistics are at hand there is no basis for any argument on the subject worthy of consid-eration. It is safe to say that the ecclesiastical system which is making the most fuss over " godless " education has nothing to gain by such an investigation, and that its position in the matter will not be strength-ened thereby. The Sun intimates as much by virtually advising it not to press mat-ters to a point were such an investigation " is sure to be made " and to be used in determining legislative action. The safest policy for " the Church " in this matter is that which an exchange says she is now pursuingŠ" to claim everything and prove nothing." In a paper read at the " Quaker Hill Conference " on August 14, on the topic, The Education Which a Self-Govern-ing State may Properly Provide," Prof. Chas. H. Smith of Yale University " took strong ground as to the necessity of in-cluding both morals and religion in A Subsidiary Question 