SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must he a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. O O Last week the fact was noted that a bill permitting ball playing on Sunday in Wayne County (the county in which De-troit is situated) was passed in the lower house of the Michigan legislature on May 27. This was done evidently before the champions of Sunday enforcement got wind of what was going on. On the evening of June 3 " a battle royal was fought " over the measure before the judiciary committee of the senate, which " listened to a flood of words and some sharp repartee for the whole even-ing." Late that afternoon a special train brought to Lansing from Detroit " a lobby of ninety-two persons to fight the bill "Š" the biggest lobby of the session." This delegation was headed by " clergy-men and business men." The leading clergyman was Rev. George Elliott, pres-ident of the Detr0-  " Sabbath Observ-ance Association " ; aild the leading busi-ness man was Mr. J. L. Hudson, who brought with him " protests from sixty-three churches in Detroit." While among these ninety-two persons were some " Highland Park residents who feared that Sunday baseball games would be played in their village and hurt their property," and some " North Woodward Avenue residents who did not like the idea of big Sunday crowds on the Wood-ward Avenue cars," it was plainly evi-dent that most of them were " profes-sional Christians," as declared by Hon. W. G. Thompson, who spoke in favor of the bill, and were moved by regard for the religious institution of Sunday ob-servance, and the desire to hold on to all the support which the law gives to that institution. They evidently believed  with one of the several Detroit lawyers from whom Mr. Hudson had obtained expressions against the bill, that it was " an entering wedge for abolishing the laws as to Sunday observance, which have existed in perhaps every State from the foundation of the country." The first speaker at the hearing was Attorney B. R. Fales, representing the Detroit baseball club. He disclaimed any inten-tion on the part of those interested in the passage of the bill " to abrogate the law and spoil the Sabbath," and announced that it had been decided to amend the measure so as to permit ball playing on Sunday only outside of Detroit in Wayne County, and on condition that a portion of the receipts be set apart for charitable purposes. The bill would be sent back to the house to be so amended. The friends of the measure evidently felt that it was necessary to placate the opposi-tion, and that it was better to get half a loaf than no loaf at all. Elisha A. Fraser spoke against the measure, and " stated that such a bill was a cruel discrimination against Detroit by letting down the bars for a wide-open Sunday." He " quoted Abraham Lincoln's proclamation to the army and navy to show that Sunday should be observed." President Burns of the Detroit Trades Council, who said he was " the executive head of 14,000 labor unionists in Detroit, with 6,000 more affiliated wage-workers," declared that the attitude of the working people was not what would appear from the remarks of Manager Howarth of the Pingree shoe factory in Detroit, who de-clared that the employees of that factory had been canvassed and most of them 