SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 781 Ł Ł arrested on the charge of violating the Sunday law." " He was arraigned before a justice of the peace, plead guilty, and paid a fine and costs, amounting to $5. Four members of the local barbers' union appeared against him. The union has taken his union card, which he kept in his shop, away from him until the question of whether or not he shall be dismissed from the union is disposed of." At Anderson, Ind., on November 16, the manager of the opera house, four of the attaches, and eight members of a theatrical company " were arraigned before Magistrate Van Pelt on charge of desecrating Sunday by giving a performance." " The defendants filed a plea for a change of venue." The arrests took place during the perform-ance of the preceding evening, and were made on affidavits, sworn out by the pastors of the First Methodist Epis-copal, the Noble Street Methodist Epis-copal, and the Central Christian churches. A resolution calling for an " inves-tigation of the general question of Sab-bath desecration " was adopted at a meeting of the ministerial association of Lincoln, Neb., on November 16. Its adoption was preceded by speeches call-ing for " action against the authori-ties " of the State university for "per-mitting football excursions and other pleasures on the Sabbath " by students. Rev. Mr. Lorimer demanded that they " should be brought to time," and at-tempted to have a motion adopted ap-pointing "a committee to look into the matter," but instead the motion men-tioned was adopted. At Davenport, Iowa, on November 20 the retail butchers' association "re-ceived a committee from the trades and labor assembly which had been ap-pointed to negotiate the matter of clos-ing the meat markets on Sunday." The committee wished to have the shops "closed entirely on Sunday," but a compromise was effected. A con-tract covering the time " from Novem-ber 29, 1903, to April 1, 1904," was drawn up and signed whereby the mem- bers of the butchers' association bound themselves " to discontinue Sunday de-liveries " and "to close at 10 A. M. Sunday." " The butcher bosses ex-pressed a willingness to close all day Sunday, if the grocers could be brought to follow suit." At Galt, Ontario, recently "some of the people of the town were somewhat surprised to see a gang of men at work on the electric light lines on the Sab-bath." "It was thought to be a case of violation of the Lord's day act," and the town officials were at once con-sulted regarding the matter. From them "and experts it was found that the work was one of necessity on ac-count of the state of the wires, it being dangerous to work with them when the power was on the trolley line." This, together with the fact that "there was no disposition on the part of any one to distort unnecessarily the quiet and rest of the Lord's day," prevented what otherwise would have been a case of Sunday enforcement. It was decided by a jury in Com-missioner Wright's court at South Mc-Alester, I. T., on November 14 "that a fruit and cigar store could stay open on Sunday without violating the law." The "reform" mayor had "recently is-sued a proclamation ordering every-thing in town closed on Sunday, filling prescriptions for the sick being the only exception. A confectioner refused to obey the order and was arrested. He admitted selling cigars, fruit and soda drinks, but claimed that the Arkansas Sunday law, which applies in Indian Territory, would ruin the business if literally enforced." And it seems that the jury decided not to enforce it in this instance. "The town was excited over the matter," as "drug stores, cigar stands and news stands have never been required to close on Sunday before." On November 28 the Commissioners of the District of Columbia " received from the corporation counsel an opin-ion in which it is held that no barber shops in the District can be opened on 