12 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the Federation of Reforms " should be directed. He declared that " it is the duty of the church to put the saloon out of America." He also called attention to the agencies; which he said abounded in every town and village, frequently with the full knowledge of policemen, whereby boys " from Christian homes " are led into vices of various sorts, such as smok-ing, gambling, reading vile literature, etc. This phase of the matter was dwelt upon more fully later in an address by Miss Lucy Page Gaston, of the National Anti-Cigarette League. In her address Miss Gaston declared that " the average boy of twelve years to-day is a ruined boy." She advocated stricter legislation against the sale of cigarettes to boys, saying she had found by experience that " our laws can be enforced." Another cause closely related to these, and represented before the convention by Mrs. Albion Smith, of the Northwestern Purity Association, was that of social purity. Mrs. Smith's ad-dress was on " Safeguarding the Chil-dren," and she made a most commend-able appeal for such instruction of boys and girls in the home and at school as will save them from the terrible pitfalls into which so many are falling today. At the second session the secretary pre-sented his report, and following that dif-ferent ones expressed themselves con-cerning the work of the Federation. The secretary stated that it had now been four years since the " Federation of Reforms " was organized at Stevens Point ; that " Milwaukee and Green Bay have been helped through this agency " ; that the work of the Federation was such that there was " no difference of opinion in the minds of the churches " regarding it, all being " agreed in putting down these evil things," and in believing that " if there is not an organized effort the thing will not be accomplished." Dr. Cutler, of Milwaukee, thought that such " unity of Christians means the triumph of the king- dom of God," that " the great advantage of this federation is the advancement of the kingdom of God." He wanted " the spirit of liberty to rule all churches " so that all would heartily co-operate in this work. Rev. L. H. Keller, of Milwaukee, declared that " if we could have the min-isters united .we could have power." Rev. J. B. Davidson thought there had been too much of a feeling that the work of the Federation was " something outside of church work." He declared : It is as much the work of the church to save men's surroundings as to save their souls. We are to take hold of this work as the work of saving souls and the upbuilding of the king-dom of God. Among the addresses at the third session was one by " Father " H. J. Ward, of Beloit. The burden of his talk was against the liquor traffic, although he gave some attention to other things, arraigning especially the system of public education now in vogue. He declared that the boys and girls now growing up, because of the training they were receiv-ing, would " make this a frivolous na-tion," and that " we, as Catholics, are enemies of the public school." During the discussions at this third session Rev. J. B. Davidson made this significant declaration : If the churches will only combine they can have any legislation they want. All they have to do is to put their souls into the matter. In the prayer at the opening of the next session occurred these words : We are jealous for thy holy Sabbath day. We pray that this day which has been set apart for holy use may not be taken from us. At the following and concluding ses-sion of the " Federation of Reforms " a representative of each of the following organizations spoke in behalf of its spe-cial line of work : The Wisconsin Sunday Rest Day Association, the North Western Purity Association, the Wisconsin Anti-Saloon League, and the Wisconsin W. C. T. U. The president of the Sunday 