718  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the preservation of the Lord's Day," which is declared to be at present "anti-quated, ineffective, and unworthy of the most progressive province in the Do-minion." ¥ The attempt by the manager of the lo-cal opera house to inaugurate Sunday evening performances in Janesville, Wis., "brought forth a storm of protest from church-goers and business men," and in the end a city ordinance prohibiting all "theatricals and other exhibitions, shows, and amusements on Sunday." The ordi-nance, which was passed on September 3, not only forbids entertainments and performances of every kind "on the first day of the week, commonly called Sun-day," but forbids also the opening of any hall or theater on Sunday for the pur-pose of giving any sort of an entertain-ment for gain. The penalty for violation of the ordinance is a fine of not more than $ioo nor less than $io for every person offending. ¥ Judge Ross, of Syracuse, N. Y., has decided that "no court of special sessions can be legally held on Sunday," and that a judgment rendered on that day is void. A man who had been sentenced by a po-lice justice to three months' imprisonment was brought before him en a writ of cer-tiorari, and was ordered discharged be-cause he had been sentenced on Sunday. The judge said in rendering his decision: "It would seem to be an anomaly to make it a crime to follow certain pursuits oth-erwise legal on Sunday, or to indulge in certain amusements otherwise lawful, and yet to allow the courts to be held for commonplace offenses." Yes, that would be an anomaly, but the great an-omaly of the whole matter is that that which is otherwise legal and lawful be-comes a crime when it is done on Sun-day. The mayor of Woonsocket, R. I., has received a very respectful letter from a citizen of that place, who writes in behalf of the members of the local baseball club and others, requesting him to "allow Sun-day baseball playing at Cold Spring Park." It is set forth that "the young men who wish this privilege are work-ingmen, and are obliged to work six days of the week, and Sunday is the only day on which they can have a little amuse-ment." The writer promises, in behalf of those for whom he petitions the may-or, that "there will be no disturbances created and, that quiet will be maintained throughout." Certainly nothing more should be required by the civil authori-ties. It was not stated what action the mayor took in the matter. 9 The grocery and provision clerks' union in Lawrence, Mass., has appealed to the mayor to enforce the closing of stores in that city on Sunday. It is said that "one hundred small tobacco, variety, bakery, candy, grocery, and ice-cream shops keep open on the Lord's day." A peculiarity of the matter is that all these are small shops in which practically no clerks are employed. But the clerks ex-plain that they are fighting for "shorter hours and higher wages," and that this is the proper step to take first since "it would be unreasonable for us to expect our employers to grant us concessions when they are obliged to compete with people who are allowed to keep their stores open on Sundays." So the big dealers and the clerks have a common in-terest in overriding the rights of the small dealers and shopmen. ¥ On August i6 Police Magistrate Thomas, of Denver, Col., sustained the validity of the ordinance recently passed in that city requiring all barber shops to close on Sunday. Mr. T. A. McClelland, 