SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 331  which causes the observers of the first day of the week to feel the need of human laws to compel themselves and others to observe the day of their own choosing. At the camp-meeting above-mentioned the owner of the adjoining property be-gan, while the meeting was in progress, to build a barn on his ground, the structure being not over five rods from the tent in which the public services of the camp-meeting were held. Every day (except Sunday), from seven to twelve o'clock A. as., and from one to six o'clock P. M., the carpenters were busily working with hammers and other tools. There was no cessation of the work during the preach-ing and other services, and it continued just the same all during the day observed as the Sabbath by the campers. Yet none of them ever intimated or even thought that he or she could not observe and keep the Sabbath because others were working on that day so near by. The Sabbath is a spiritual institution ; its observance is an act of worship, and no more requires nor causes the observer  or worshiper to expect and demand that others shall be compelled to fall in line with him than it causes him to expect and demand that his neighbors shall be compelled to be baptized or to eat the Lord's supper. His conscience may re-quire him to observe these sacred rites, but that is no reason for compelling others to observe them. To be sure, in the case mentioned some extra exertion in speaking was re-quired on the part of those who were addressing the audience, so that their voices might be heard above the sound of saw and hammer. But no one was pre-vented from or disturbed in keeping the Sabbath, which was a blessed season of refreshing to all on the camp-ground. And no one desired to compel the Sab-bath-breakers to cease from their work. The majority of seventh-day observers have to observe the Sabbath in close proximity to those who are not keeping it, but are busily at work upon it. Why is it then that Sunday observers must have everybody forced to observe their day lest they be disturbed? In his " The True Thomas Jefferson," William Elerov Curtis tells us that when Jefferson was studying law " he discov-ered to his surprise that it was a maxim of the courts that the Bible was a part of the common law of the realm, and that upon its authority witches were hanged, tithes exacted, profanity punished, labor on Sunday forbidden, and attendance upon religious worship required." The prohibition of labor on Sunday is in the right list here. Fortunately most of these things are merely matters of history to-day and have been so for a long time, but the doctrine that the Bible is a part of the common law still lingers in the notion that " Christianity is a part of the com-mon law " and that " this is a Christian nation," and labor on Sunday is forbid- den to-day on the strength of that notion. If Jefferson was surprised at these things nearly one hundred and fifty years ago, what would he think if he should awake to-day and find them still extant in this country which he did so much to set right in the matter of the relation of govern-ment and religion ? Ł Friends in Florida are doing what they can to improve the opportunity now pre-sented them to call the attention of the people to what is involved in Sunday leg-islation and its enforcement. In order to assist them in this work, and also because it is a matter of interest elsewhere as well, we have given considerable prominence and space to the Jacksonville agitation in this issue. 