782 THE SENTINEL OF Sunday, even though no barbering business be transacted." This opinion was called forth " by the application of a local barber to open his shop on the Sabbath in order to shine shoes. He stated that he had chairs for this purpose in his shop, and that if he was allowed to open his shop he would do no barbering business and would cover all barber chairs." The corpora-tion counsel "quoted a paragraph from one of the earliest laws of the corpora-tion of Washington, which prohibits the opening of barber shops or places where such business is done on Sun-day,' " and " interpreted this to mean that a barber shop could not be opened on Sunday for the purpose of shining shoes." In its " Legal Notes " the New York Times prints the following on "Sunday Laws," which shows how some points that have arisen in connection with Sunday enforcement have been decided by New York courts: "The following cases bearing on Sunday laws are to be found in Volume LX. of the 'Lawyers' Reports Annotated.' Forbidding a barber to exercise his trade on Sunday is held in State vs. Soper to be a proper exercise of the police power and not to restrain him unconstitutionally of personal liberty or deprive him of lib-erty or property without due process of law. The hearing of charges against a member of a benefit society, and ex-pelling him from membership because of violation of the rules are held, in Pepin vs. Societe St. Jean Baptiste, not to be a judicial proceeding within the rule which forbids such proceedings on Sunday. Whether the pumping of an oil well on Sunday is a work of neces-sity within the meaning of a Sunday law is held in State vs. McBee to be a question for the jury, where the evi- dence is conflicting as to the injury which will be caused by not pumping it." The Hyattsville (Md.). Inde/endent of October 31 gave this report of an instance of Sunday enforcement that had just occurred in that Ł locality, which is just outside the District of Columbia : "Justice Arthur Carr of  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY this town evidently believes that law, like wine, loses none of its efficacy by reason of age. Monday evening, in the presence of an interested gathering that taxed the capacity of his court, he convicted three citizens of Brent-wood on charges of Sabbath-breaking, under a statute originally passed as far back as 1723, and amended in 1860. On Sunday last Constables Wallace C. Raybold and Charles W. Barr peram-bulated over to the rapidly growing section of Brentwood, known as Mechanicsville. According to the statements of the officers, complaint had been filed that the industry and thrift of this community had led them into evil ways. To be more explicit, the constables had been informed that there was considerable labor being per-formed at Mechanicsville in violation of an ancient statute in such cases made and provided, and to the detriment of the peace and moral advancement of that section. They accordingly organ-ized a raid on a small scale, and it proved successful. When they arrived on the scene they discovered Messrs. George Houser, and Wesley and Edward Weidmeyer busily engaged on a new house being erected by the first named. The officers promptly placed these energetic citizens under arrest, and each left $5 collateral for their ap-pearance in court Monday. They ap-peared as per agreement and, under advice of their attorney, Mr. Elbert Dent, entered a plea of guilty. Mr. Dent submitted that the house upon which the accused were working had been left in a precarious condition on the previous Saturday, and that it was necessary to do the work. He stated that none of the prisoners were aware .of the existence of the law (which was probably the case) and that the services performed by Messrs. Weidmeyer were in the nature of a charitable act and that no compensation was paid Mr. Houser 's neighbors for their assistance. Houser acknowledged that he was doing some painting on the house, the real necessity for which, especially on Sunday, did not appear clear to Judge Carr. After dwelling upon the bad moral effect likely to result in a com-munity where the Sabbath was not ob- Ł 