The Late Annual Gathering of the Wisconsin "Reform" Forces By H. W. Reed, Oshkosh, Wis. (Concluded) THE convention of the Sunday Rest Day Association was held on one day, and consisted of three sessions, morning, afternoon, and evening of No-vember 19. The president of this organi-zation is the Rev. 0. P. Bestor, a Baptist minister of Milwaukee. The field secre-tary and active spirit is the Rev. J. B. Davidson of Milwaukee. The leading features announced upon the program were two addresses by M. D. Kneeland, D.D., Secretary of the New England Sabbath (Sunday) Protective League. There was to have been an address by Rev. J. E. Farmer, Methodist Episcopal presiding elder, of Appleton, on "How to Induce Christians to Keep the Lord's Day more Holy and Defend It more Vig-orously," and also one by Rev. R. H. Weller, Bishop Coadjutor, Episcopal Church, of Fond du Lac, on "Jesus' Res-urrection and the Lord's Day," but both these gentlemen were absent. These sentences occurred in the pray-ers offered at the opening of the first session : We thank thee that thou art drawing the denominations more together. We ask thy special blessing upon this Sun-day Rest Day Association. We look with great alarm upon the desecration of thy holy Sab-bath. We are especially concerned about this mat-ter of the preservation of thy holy Sabbath day Šthis day when our Lord came forth from the grave, and which has been observed through all ages. We are alarmed about this thing, for so many desecrate it and make light of it. This day has been seriously desecrated. It is thy day, and we pray that thou wilt assist us in raising up a standard against these things. The report of the executive committee  was presented by the field secretary at the second session, and here is some of what it contained : God has not lost His grip on the churches, and while God rules His holy day will more and more triumph. He is awakening the pas-tors to fight with Him for His holy day. The city of Ontario has stopped its Sunday excur-sions. In Norway they close all things on the Lord's day. Germany, Austria, and other countries are doing the same thing, although Germany has to have her beer gardens open Sunday afternoons. The labor union in Can-ada joins with the churches to stop Sunday sport. In Wisconsin the secretary has given 187 addresses during the year, and one address is given in every town especially for the defense of the Lord's day. We work with the pastors, and especially with the foreign-speaking priests and ministers. More and more Catholics co-operate with us. One Catholic priest furnished a hall for the secretary to speak in a town where nine-tenths were Catholics. Hundreds of towns have succeeded in Sunday closing. The closing of all shops must be made sure, so that none will be left open to take advantage of the others. One important part of our work is the print-ing of the "Lord's Day Papers." There is no other way of reaching all but by putting these leaflets into every home. In Sheboygan the secretary's work was followed by putting leaf-lets into every home for one and one-half years, and the friends and enemies of the Sab-bath day say that it was through the influence of those leaflets that their mayor was elected. The executive committee have planned to make an investigation of the observance of the Sabbath throughout the State. The enemy is mighty, but God is more mighty. Those who are for us are more than those who are against us. We find three classes of people: First, those who take the Sunday paper, visit the post-office on Sunday, and travel on the Sun-day trains; second, those who are indifferent to the Sabbath day and so certify; third, those 