2 t8 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY scientiously refusing to work on Sunday who did not get a better job in the place of the one lost. 4. It is argued that the man who observes Sunday as the Sabbath has a civil right to be protected from the competition of other men in the same business who might not choose to rest on that day. In other words, the state is asked to compel one man to rest on Sunday that another man's religious convictions may not cost him anything. And this is called "civil legislation "! Where did Christ ever commission the state to take the cross out of Christianity? And who does not know that if the state takes the cross out of Christianity it will take the divine, uplifting power out also? It would be better if there were more cross in the popular Christianity of the day; there would be fewer unconverted people in the church, and the church would have more power. Such laws, while professing to be civil, are worse than religious; they are anti-religious, as indeed are all religious lawsŠop-posed to the interests of all true religion. The same argument, if admitted at all, would justify the largest Christian denomination in asking that all business be prohibited on all its holidays, more than two hundred in num-ber each year. 5. It is asserted that the " American Sab-bath " is so intimately connected with the stability and welfare of the state that the state, for its own preservation, must enforce its observance. One is reminded of the free trade orator, who, following a speaker who had exalted to the heavens the wonderful virtues of a high protective tariff, said that it was evident that the Lord made a great mistake when he created the world, for, instead of spending six days upon the work, he should simply have made a protective tariff, and that would have done all the rest. So it is declared that the " American Sabbath " is the founda-tion and cause of everything worth having in this land, and that therefore it must be protected by the state. All true spontaneous religion is not only a blessing to the individual but also a blessing to the community and the land. If all men would freely and from the heart observe God's holy Sabbath, it would be a blessing to the nation, for it would bring peace and contentment into each life. But to compel men to keep the Sabbath against their will, instead of bringing content and rest of heart, brings discontent and unrest, and so is a curse to the state instead of a blessing. This same argument has been used in support of all the religious legislation and persecution of the past. The spontaneous worship of one God as the.  All-Father would make us all brothers and sis-ters. This was God's design in the command, "Thou shalt have no other Gods before me." But the state in seeking to enforce this worship has ever created hypocrites for the church and traitors for the state. Once in Spain they reasoned that God could not bless the state while the Moors were permitted to live there. So they made a law that all should be either baptized or banished. This law was ruthlessly enforced, causing misery to thousands. Multitudes were banished, and about thirty thousand were baptized and then called Moriscoes. Then the tardy question arose in the minds of the legislators, " Were these people, who have been baptized under compulsion, really baptized? Are they really Christians? " They decided that the state must be protected at all hazards, and as there was only one way to make sure of this, they killed them all, saying that if they were Chris-tians Christ would take care of them and reward them. This is the same old argument of all the persecuting ages of the past. Rome to-day declares that she never persecuted; she only turned men whom she called heretics over to the " civil law " to be dealt with as they deserved. Judge Welch of the Supreme Bench of Ohio has well said: " When Chris-tianity asks aid from the civil power it denies itself." Gentlemen, I submit to you that these so-called " civil " Sunday laws are really com-pulsory religious laws and relics of a per-secuting past. I thank you for your kind attention. Ques. Do you maintain that the state can-not pass a law restricting the rights of a man? Ans. I maintain that the state exists not to pass laws which infringe the natural rights of men, but to protect men in the enjoyment of their natural rights. Ques. How about the liquor traffic? Ans. The state has no right to prevent me by law from drinking liquor because it is not good for me personally to drink liquor. It has a right, though, to restrain men in a business which produces murderers, lunatics, and pau-pers. Qucs. How are we going to decide what are a man's natural rights? Ans. All men know intuitively what their natural rights are, and so all men really agree on this point. The difficulty is that some men are not satisfied with simply their own 