4 30 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY adopted by the convention. The first of these was that the field secretary, in the name of the Wisconsin Sunday Rest Day Association, petition Congress to enact a Sunday law for the District of Columbia. The second was that the field secretary be paid a larger salary for his services. It seems that the work of the field secre-tary has been largely a "labor of love" ,hitherto. He received $390 for his serv-ices last year. Dr. Kneeland then again addressed the convention, his subject being "The Twen-tieth Century Sabbath." Here are some things that he said: The twentieth century before Christ had a different Sabbath from the one we have now. The tendency to-day is farther and farther away from the old standard. Young men and young women of Wisconsin should determine that you will hold on to this legacy, that our Christian Sabbath should not be lost to our children. I shall therefore to-night rehearse a few reasons why we should hold on to our Christian Sabbath. I have been asked by one or two to dis-cuss why the day was changed from the Jew-ish to the Christian Sabbath. To discuss that intelligently would take some little time. It is not necessary that we should enter into such a discussion. It is a matter that is of little importance. The Sabbath has come down to us as. the Lord's day, and that is the day we celebrate at this time. The commandment to keep the seventh day pertains simply to the Jews. We find by the study of science that after six days of work the life in the cells is so much exhausted that it takes from thirty-two to thirty-four hours to restore them to normal activity. After six days' labor the seventh should be given to rest. If a man continues to labor seven days in the week it means that his life will be shortened at least one-seventh. So if you continue to labor on Sunday you will fall sooner or later. The continued use  of Sunday for toil means the shortening of life-about twelve years. If you want the best re-sults from your farms you must let the land rest. I was in a barber shop, and the barber told me that he could not use his tools every day in the week; he even had to let the tools rest some time during the week or they would not last at all. So it is with the horses; we must let them have one day in seven for rest, or their lives will be shortened. It is an out-rage that men will work seven days in the week. I have found in Connecticut many mills running on Sunday. In Vermont I found a mill employing 1,5oo men running seven days in the week. Everything is lowered where Sunday is left out. I could tell you of a place in New Eng-land where there was no Sunday in the com-munity where there were seven murders and eight suicides. Where there is no Sunday the people are led into vice and evil. About eight years ago in Boston we saw that we were in danger of losing our Sunday. We decided that something must be done at once. I was urged to leave my pastorate and go up and down New ŁEngland preaching the Sabbath, and I have been doing it ever since. I believe that if we had faith we could re-move mountains and cast them into the sea. In the East we published the name of every man and woman who voted against our Sun-day law. Now in the East we have stopped the Sunday bicycle, the Sunday excursion, and the Sunday theatre. There is not an under-price train on Sunday to-day. We brought out the matter so plainly that it was stopped absolutely. We have found it a great help to send out our literature. We have done the work which God has put upon us. We now have 7,000 subscribers to our paper, The De-fender. Give liberally to this work. If you love Wisconsin I don't believe that you can do better than to give to this work. Following this address a song entitled "The Day of Liberty," being an adap-tation of the old hymn "America" to the Sunday cause, was sung, and then the convention closed. The president of the American League baseball association has announced that there will be Sunday ball playing by the league only in Chicago and St. Louis next season. " There will be no further  attempt to play on the Sabbath at Detroit and Cleveland," says the report. At the two last named places there were cam-paigns of Sunday enforcement against the ball playing last season. 