778 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY enforcement of the church's "Sabbath" institution, their protests regarding such . matters as these of the President and Archbishop Ireland and the negotiations with the Papacy will have very little force and consistency. And who shall say that that decision of the Supreme Court in 1892, declaring the United States to be "a Christian na-tion" governmentally, over which the "Protestant" church-and-state element rejoiced greatly; that the enactment of Congress, to which we have referred; that was passed at the behest and threat of this same church-and-state element; and the constant and growing insistence by churches and religious organizations that state and municipal authorities shall en-force "Sabbath" observance and shall yield more and more to church controlŠwe say, who shall say that these things have not broken down the barriers of principle and prepared the way for just such things as intimate relations between the Papacy and the Government, and the use of the Government by pa-pal prelates to advance the interests of themselves and their church? Is it any more dangerous, any more violative of fundamental American principles, for the Papacy and her agents to "use" the Gov-ernment than it is for "Protestant" churches to get together and "use" the Government ? The thing is equally papal in both cases. And because the "Protest-ant" bodies will not recognize the papal character of these things that they have done and are doing, and persist in con-tinuing in the same evil way, it is quite certain that they will yet see much more "astounding" things with regard to the Papacy and the Government than they now behold. 42, In Russia the percentage of Jews al-lowed to attend the universities is being continually reduced. At the universities  of Charkov and Dorpat the percentage of Jewish students admitted has recently been reduced to only 3 per cent. of the whole, whereas it was once 10 per cent. Ł Governor Taft on the Vatican Negotiations ON his arrival in the Philippines late in August Governor-General Taft made a public statement regarding his negotia-tions with the Vatican. This statement was published in this country about the first of October, and since it is a clear setting forth of the matter, and cannot be regarded as unfair either toward the Government or the Papacy, we present it entire as it appeared in The Independent of October 2: After an audience with the Pope, the in-structions [of the President] were referred to a committee of cardinals, and an answer was given me agreeing generally with all the purposes stated in the instructions, which in-cluded, among other things, the purchase of the friars' lands by the Government. This answer proposed that further negotia-tion be had between an apostolic delegate and myself in Manila. With the hope of haVing less to do in Manila, and by authority of the Secretary, I replied by suggesting to the Pope the form of a contract to be signed in Rome submitting the questions at issue to a tribunal of arbitration, to consist of two members ap-pointed by the Pope, two by this Government, and the fifth to be appointed by the Viceroy of India. The questions were : FirstŠThe price to be paid for the friars' lands. SecondŠThe price to be paid for the occu-pation of parish churches and convents by American troops. ThirdŠThe disposition of educational and charitable trusts, including the San Jose Col-lege case. The contract included a covenant that the members of the four great religious orders, who were all Spaniards, should*  leave the islands in two years after the first payment was made for the lands, and that only secular priests or non-Spanish members of the regu-lar clergy should act as parish priests. 