LONE RELIGIOUS PAPER AND THE SUNDAY SALOON QUESTION 155 Sunday. They regard a formal law permit-ting open saloons as an affront to morality and as a stimulation to dangerous license. At the same time they are " no better than their neighbors," and do not object to the man who takes a drink in defiance of law, so long as it be done decorously and quietly, as a special privilege and not asserted as a right under law. They feel that such an arrangement ;makes the laws of the State read well. Whatever else may happen, the Advo-cate desires that the laws of the State, or rather that one law of the StateŠthe Sunday lawŠshall " read well," for it knows that in that law the church re-ceives special favor and support .from the State, and it does not propose to have the principle of such favor and support undermined by modifications of the law. It knows that so long as the law itself is maintained, its non-enforce-ment and violation does not affect this principle. The Advocate intimates that the recent presentment of the grand jury. of New York County strongly favoring a change in the Sunday excise law is " a subserv-ient compliment " to District-Attorney Jerome, and says that " this sort of pre-sentment by a grand jury lacks both tact and taste." In the estimation of the Advocate anything that is against the Sunday law " lacks both tact and taste." Having heard that at the public hearing on his bill, " Mr. Jerome would have some of the most prominent clergymen of the State present at that hearing, to present arguments in favor of partial Sunday opening for New York City," the Advocate delivered itself thus : It is quite possible that he could get them. Prominent clergymen supported the Conta-gious Disease act in England. There is, in fact, nothing except outright crime by the common consent of mankind, that some clergymen have not supported. Nor need we make this excep-tion, for within a year clergymen have jus-tified assassination, otherwise called lynching. This serves to show just how heinous a thing is the modification of the Sunday  excise law in the estimation of the Ad-vocate and those for whom it speaks. And it should not be forgotten in this connection that it is so regarded by these people not so much because such modi-fication would be giving an additional privilege to the saloon, but because it would be taking away in a degree State support of the church's institutionŠthe religious Sunday. By the way, we have heard of clergymen who in the United States within the last dozen years have scarcely stopped short of " outright crime," and certainly. not of persecution, in the effort to prevent the observers of another day from doing honest labor on SundayŠthat is, in the effort to com-pel people who differed with them on the matter of Sabbath observance, to observe Sunday. And some of these were " prominent clergymen " in their communities. Some of them were Meth-odists. Their example would certainly go to show that there are some clergy-men who will scarcely hesitate at any-thing in accomplishing what they desire with regard to Sunday observance. The Advocate declares that " it would be a weak-brained minister who could not tear to tatters any alleged arguments which the ministers that Jerome or any-one else could take there [to the hear-ing] to justify the opening of saloons on Sunday, might bring," and it pro-ceeds thus to " tear to tatters " such ar-guments in advance : If the State is right in forbidding harmless tradesmen to do business on Sunday; if it is wise in closing banks, both savings and or-dinary, whatever inconvenience or suffering it causes depositors; if it is equitable in deny-ing the legality of notes drawn on Sunday; if it is just in having any special laws regu-lating personal conduct in the streets on Sun-day, it cannot be wrong or unjust or inexpe-dient in making illegal a business which is calculated to make the weekly rest-day an enemy to all the classes most needing protec-tion from temptations to drunkenness and other forms of vice allied with it, to extrav- 