EDITORIAL 107 those who do these things make great professions of loyalty to the Govern-ment," while those who uphold and de-fend and declare to the people the great basic principles of the Government, and insist that they shall be adhered to, are ridiculed, charged with insincerity, and accused of treasonable opposition to " the constituted authorities of the country." So true is it that the battle that is now being fought, or perhaps it would be more true to say, that has already been fought, turns upon the principles that were at issue in the days when those great de-bates took place between Lincoln and Douglas that the arguments of each are perfectly adapted to the question now being discussed. And again so true is it that the same principles are in antagon-ism now as then that it is the truth that the very evil from which the nation was purged by the maintenance at that time of the principles for which Lincoln stood, is on the eve of being reestablished and fastened again upon the nation by those who have to-day adopted a policy which has obliged them to turn their backs upon the Declaration of Independence and the utterances of Lincoln, and to reiterate in substance the arguments of Douglas. So able an observer as Dr. Felix Adler of New York plainly declares that at the present moment, " forty years after we went through the struggle and bloodshed of the Civil War in order to banish hu-man slavery from the territory of the United States, as we thought, forever," it is being officially proposed by persons kigh in authority in the Government " to reestablish or to restore, in a modified form, human slavery in the territory of the United States." He declares that " far the sake of commercial greed " there is now on foot what gives the strongest promise of being a successful attempt to " reopen upon the body politic the cicatrized wound of human slavery." And possibly it may, to some persons,  add more weight and force to these dec-larations to say that they were made by a man who is not a stickler for the doctrine of the " consent of the governed," and who in the very same address pronounced the proposition that " all men are created equal " to be a falsehood. But he knows that slavery is utterly antagonistic to American principles, and, as he says, it is modified slavery that those who have in the last few years repudiated the Dec-laration of Independence now propose to establish. There is so much that might be said, but this is enough. But to the honor of Abraham Lincoln let one more thing be said. He declared in 1857 that the au-thors of the Declaration of Independence " meant it to be as, thank God, it is now proving itself, a stumbling-block to all those who, in aftertimes, might seek to turn a free people back into the hateful paths of despotism " ; and that " they knew the proneness of prosperity to breed tyrants, and they meant when such should reappear in this fair land and commence their vocation, they should find left for them at least one hard nut to crack." We of this day and generation can thank God that the enemies of human rights now have at least two hard nuts to crack Šthe Declaration of Independence and the great utterances of Abraham Lincoln. And, thank God, they are proving some-what of a stumbling-block, even in this day of imperialism, to those who are seek-ing and have well-nigh succeeded in turn-ing a free people back into the hateful paths of despotism. But they have not yet demolished the two hard nuts that they have found to crack, and long may these nuts remain to perplex the enemies of human freedom and to serve the cause of liberty and justice for all nations and races of men. "These are bad times, and seem out of joint. . . . Be hopeful. And now let us adjourn and appeal to the people." 