810 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY vengefulness. I long to see a return of peace and charity among the nations. Mighty armies confronting each other on every frontier are not consistent with the teachings of Jesus Christ." I reminded His Holiness that the prin-ciple of arbitration rather than war had become a part of the national policy of the United States. "Yes," said the Pope, "that is a true and wise principle, but most of the men who control affairs in Europe are not governed by a desire for truth. See how they exalt godlessness ! Look at the men whose names are selected here in Italy for honor after death IŠmen who died opposing and reviling Christianity Šmen like Mazzini." That was the end of the first newspaper interview with the Pope. . . . As we moved out of the room the Pope called me back to him, and placing his frail hands upon my head, his eyes brimming with emotion, he said in a voice of great tenderness : "Son, you are young and you may be useful to the world. May the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit go with you. Farewell 1" And as we retired we looked back at the slender figure standing alone in the shadowy roomŠand I knew that I had been face to face with the most exalted personality of modern history. Of all the famous men I have met in my world-wanderings since that dayŠstatesmen, monarchs, philosophers, philanthropistsŠ I have seen no other man who seemed to have such a universal point of view. Once more I saw the Pope, borne aloft on the shoulders of the Swiss Guard into the Sistine Chapel in a scene of supreme splendorŠthe triple crown upon his head, jewels flashing on his bosom, the Sistine choir chanting Palestrina's deathless music, and clouds of incense floating over the heads of a procession headed by the Knights of Malta, and followed by a long train of cardinals, archbishops, bishops, and monsignori. The sunlight fell upon lines of shining steel, nodding plumes, golden chains, shimmering robes of silk, and all the glittering symbolry of pontifical power and glory.Ł And gathered within the walls immor-talized by Raphael and Michael Angelo, before the eyes of the assembled aris-tocracy of Rome, was a horde of Ameri-can savages in paint, feathers, and blan-kets, carrying tomahawks and knives. At the entrance of the chapel stood Buf-falo Bill, Buck Taylor, and Broncho Bill, while a troop of cowboys, splashed with mud, and picturesque beyond description, lined the human aisle beyond. When the Pope appeared, swaying in his resplend-ent seat, high above the assembled host, the cowboys bowed their heads, the In-dians knelt down, and Rocky Bear, the surly old chief, made the sign of the cross.2  The Pontiff leaned yearningly toward the rude groups and blessed them. A book written by Pope Leo XIII. in 1874, when he was Archbishop of Peru-gia, was placed by the "congregation of the Index" on the list of forbidden books. It was entitled, "The Very Sacred Blood of the Holy Virgin." The book is still on the Index, but the author's name has been removed. "It is doubtless consid-ered undesirable," says the Christian  Work, "that one who is held to be in-fallible should be known to have at one time gone seriously astray in doctrine." "And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet color, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls." (Rev. 17:4)ŠEDITOR SENTINEL. "And power was given him over all kin-dreds, and tongues, and nations. And all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him. . . If any man have an ear, let him hear." (Rev. 13:7-9.)ŠEDITOR SENTINEL. 