126  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY The Richmond (Ind.) Telegram re-ports that a stricter enforcement of the Sunday-closing law is the order in that city now. Cigar stores, fruit stands and several other places of business that have been open on Sundays heretofore, will be compelled to close. The to-bacco dealers are much dissatisfied at the rule, because the drug stores, which are allowed to open, sell cigars and tobacco all day. One dealer placed a notice on his door reading, "This store is closed to-day in the interests of morality and the drug stores." The committee on licenses of the Newark, N. J., city council refused to grant permission for the giving of a theatrical ere.ertainment for charitable purposes on a recent Sunday evening. claiming that it would be in violation of the  State statute prohibiting amuse -¥ ments on Sunday. Since this occurrence Judge Blair, of Hudson County, N. J., has rendered a decision to the effect that "there is no law on the statute books to prevent the opening of theatres in New Jersey on Sunday." But this is not ex-pected to alter the attitude of the New-ark authorities. William Cusick, a farmer of Sugar Creek township, in Indiana, "has begun a war against Sunday hunters," and re-cently caused the arrest of several per-sons who had been hunting on and about his farm on Sunday. He is determined that "the Sabbath desecrating intruders" shall stay away from his premises, and under the circumstances it seems is somewhat justified in his course, for it is reported that the hunters have not only had "no regard for the law or the Sabbath," but have torn down fences and tramped across fields to the great an-noyance and expense of farmers. The friends of legal Sunday observ-ance in the Northwest are apprehensive that the State Fair, which is soon to be held at Milwaukee, will be open on Sun-days. The Osceola (Wis.) Sun says that the proposition, which comes from the State Board of Agriculture, "will rightly meet with vigorous opposition from the Christian people of Wisconsin," and the Minneapolis Christian Advocate says "the Christian conscience of the State" op-poses Sunday opening, and that "there will be a determined resistance on the part of the church people of the State to any violation of the Sabbath at the Fair." The Indianapolis Journal reports that the Retail Clerks' Association of that city "has taken up the matter of Sunday closing in earnest," and that as a result "it is probable the grocers, the class of merchants who generally keep open on Sunday, will, despite their inaction as an association, be compelled to take a de-cided stand one way or the other." It seems that under the circumstances such efforts as this are required in order for the clerks to be entirely free on Sundays, but every movement of this kind is a factor in bringing about that condition of affairs which will make possible univer-sal Sunday enforcement. On a recent Sunday morning, Mr. A. E. Howard, a contractor of North Yaki-ma, Wash., set his men to work to put a roof on a building that he was erecting, thinking in this way, according to a lo-cal paper, "to gain a little time and to outwit nature in the way of getting ahead of a possible rain." The sheriff soon ap-peared on the scene "with the necessary documents in his possession," and Mr. Howard was compelled to dismiss his men and "to observe the day as the law- 