NOTE AND COMMENT There is a truth more than suggested in the following words by E. S. Marten in Harper's Weekly that should be taken very much to heart by the American peo-ple: It is not so certain that we at home can af-ford to shudder at the water cure unless we disown the whole job, and if we do disown the whole job we cannot put the responsibility on, the army. The army has obeyed orders. It was sent to the Philippines to subdue the Filipinos, and it seems to have made remark-able progress. Having the devil to fight, it has sometimes used fire; having liars to fight, it has sometimes used lies; having semi-civil-ized men to fight, it has in some instances used semi-civilized methods. That was inevitable, and will be inevitable as long as soldiers are men . . . It is our job, not theirs. The great, inclusive, comprehensive cruelty has been that of the general situation which has seemed to constrain our people to compel the Filipinos to submit to our domination. That cruelty we determined to be necessary, and each of us has a share of responsibility in it, and in all the minor, supplementary, cruelties it has involved. Commenting onŁŁŁ the statement of Bishop Montgomery, Catholic, made be-fore the Los Angeles (Cal.) Ministerial Union, that "if ,the great non-Catholic bodies of this country . . . would unite with the Catholics and German Lutherans in asking for a modification of the present system [of public educa-tion], the sense of fairness that there is in the American people, when appealed to, would grant it,",  the Lutheran Wit-ness says : Why the bishop should link the German Lutherans with the Catholics in this connec-tion it is rather difficult for us to comprehend,  for they have never and do not now seek any support for their schools from lithe State, but they willingly and gladly support them with their own money and cheerfully pay their share of the taxes besides for the support of the pub-lic schools. The Catholics had better emulate the Lutherans in this matter instead of try-ing to create the false impression that they have the Lutherans with them in the scheme for securing public support for Catholic schools. The attitude of those Jews who favor the entire repudiation of the Sabbath and the substitution of Sunday as a rest day in its stead is no doubt expressed in these words, uttered by Dr. Emil G. Hirsch in a sermon at Israel Temple, Chicago, on the evening of May i6: The Sabbath of the Jews is dead. Let us bury it. God never ordained the Sabbath day. It is an institution of man. Only millionaires and peddlers can observe the Jewish Sabbath in these days of activity. Sunday, to all in-tents and purposes, already has become our day of rest. The inspiration of the Sabbath can be restored only by participating in the flood of life about us and recognizing as our day of rest the day set apart by the nations in which we live. Sentiment must be thrown to the four winds, and we must realize that it has come to be with us a question of economic and industrial life or economic and industrial death. We have no right to put aside opportunity to do good for others simply because sentiment de-mands that we remain idle on a day of ac-tivity. No lawyer has the right to place his client's freedom in jeopardy because his senti-ment will not permit him to go to court on Saturday. No merchant has the right to im-peril his independence by closing his store on the Jewish Sabbath. 