700  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY cause he observes another day, but be-cause, in common with all men, he has the right to do what does not interfere with the rights of others, and to dissent from others, if he wishes, in all matters of religious belief and practise. With all her other iniquities the Pa-pacy has by no means fallen short in the inordinate love of money. And to her belongs the distinction of having devised and employed the most abominable method of getting wealth that the world has ever known. Assuming a monopoly of the moral authority of the universe so far as this world is concerned, she has made the moral nature of man the field of her speculation, and the lust and crime and the fear and remorse of the human heart have alike been made to yield her a golden harvest. See the first article in this issue. There were no "Christian" lobbyists in the days when the Christian church "went forth conquering and to conquer." The apostles and early believers knew not of the wonderful possibilities of civil legislation ; they knew only of the won-derful and glorious possibilities of the gospel of the power and love of God. And of this gospel they were not ashamed, but went everywhere preach-ing it, and, relying implicitly upon it, they found it to be, without the aid and support of civil power, more powerful than the legislation of the mightiest of empires. ¥:* Unjust and unrighteous power is prone to buttress itself with the theory of "divine right." Thus was the despot-ism of the Papacy established and main-tained ; thus monarchy and the distinc-tions and barriers of class were upheld ; thus do free nations to-day justify the subjugation of weaker peoples; thus do  the present-day champions of religion by law find a basis for their medieval schemes ; and thus, it seems, the barons of industry and commerce will to-day de-fend monopoly and the corrupt and ex-cessive power of wealth. But the true doctrine of divine right, the only divine doctrine of divine right, is the divine right to do right ; human beings have the divine right to do justice, to respect the rights of one another. To claim the sanction of God to do oppression and wrong is to add blasphemy to crime. The first "Christian" lobbyists were the church leaders of the fourth century who sought the aid of the state in be-half of the church, and among other things secured the enactment of laws closing the "public shows" and prohibit-ing labor and business on the "Christian Sunday." This is the sort of work to which the "Christian" lobbyists in the United States to-day are chiefly devoted. The efforts of those early "Christian" lobbyists marked the substitution on the part of the church of the power of man for the power of God. That produced the Papacy, and through it an age of civil and ecclesiastical despotism, of in-tellectual torpor, and of moral and spir-itual corruption. What will be the out-come of the efforts of these present-day "Christian" lobbyists, who are walking so closely in the tracks of their proto-types ? ¥ We present in this issue quite a full account of the late trial of Mr. W. T. Gibson for Sunday labor. We thought the readers of THE SENTINEL would be glad to have such an account. Because so mach space is taken up by this matter and other articles we are obliged to omit mention and comment regarding a num-ber of things that are worthy of note at this time. Those that are not merely of 