Tang man hear my word and believe not; ljudge him not.  Christ' VOLUME 15.  CHICAGO, NOVEMBER 8, 1900.  NUMBER 44. THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel.) PUBLISHED WEEKLY AT 324 DEARBORN STREET, CHICAGO, ILL., BY THE INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION. Entered at the Chicago Post Office as Second-Class Matter. SUBSCRIPTION PRICE,  $1.00 L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN, Editors. COMPULSION, when applied in the domain of con-science, only drives men to wickedness under the cloak of religion, and thus brings disgrace upon both religion and the church. wit Jt THE gospel aims to make a man act like a Chris-tian by converting him; legislation, when in the do-main of religion, aims to make a man act like a Christian without converting him. Jot THE Christian church ought to be unlike the world, and should not complain if the practices of the world are in marked contrast with her own; this in the matter of Sabbath observance as in other things. CHRIST does say, " Go ye therefore into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature," but he nowhere bids anybody to control the politics of the world. The minister who gets into politics gets outside the gospel commission. HOWEVER free one may be from interference by his fellow-men, he only has liberty who is free in Christ Jesus. EVERY man should know his own rights as a man; for then and then only can he know the rights of his fellow-men, for they are just the same as his own. efft THE divine principle of self-government, self-con-trol, makes unnecessary a pope in the church or a monarch in the state. " He that ruleth his own spirit " is greater " than he that taketh a city." POLITICAL ATHEISM. IT has been often charged against the framers of the national Constitution that they were political atheists, because they made the consent of the gov-erned rather than the law of God the foundation of civil government. Those who make this charge be-long to the class of individuals who put darkness for light and light for darkness. It states just the reverse of the truth. Our forefathers who founded this nation said that civil governments are instituted among men to preserve the unalienable rights which all men have as their birthright; and in this they make a distinct acknowledgment of the Creator. Noll¡ have acknowl-edged that men have these rights would have been to deny the Creator. It was not by accident that the Declaration of Independence was made to say that " all men are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights." Leave the Creator out and there is no basis left for the doctrine of rights. 