Ene aggffinell OF (2711111STICV 11-03.Earif Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States especially devote'd to the maintenance of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual.  Special Christian Endeavor Number, and an effort is being made to secure large clubs for general distribution. How is it in your local-ity? Has anyone started a club? If not, why not do it yourself? You will not find it diffi-cult to get others to join with you in order-ing extra copies of this number. The rates are as follows: It) copies  15 cents 25 it 50 100 1,000 5,000 or more copies, per i,000   $1.25 tt 35 70 $10.00 $8.00 TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, per yearinonths  " three months  To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year $1.00 .50 .25 1.5o CLUBBING RATE. per copy. s or more copies to one address, one year  .70 Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Money Order or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. ŁWe will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Vier Rates for advertising can be had on application. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th Street, New York City The first order received for copies of the Special Christian Endeavor Number of THE SENTINEL was for ioo. This is an increase of just too per cent over the order this party placed for the last special issue. The day following orders for 1,285 copies were received from one State. Orders from this same State for extra copies of the " Love of Power " number totaled but 741. This is a nice increase, but we expect it will be greater yet before the 9th of July. Ł Letters received from different communities state that much interest is being taken in our  Ł Inquiries have been received asking our charge for addressing, wrapping and mailing to individuals from lists furnished. It is at the rate of 8 cents for every five copies, no matter how many in the list. Since our last issue articles for the Special Christian Endeavor Number of the SENTINEL have been received from M. C. Wilcox, Editor of the Signs of the Times, and W. N. Glenn, Asst. Editor of the Signs of the Times. These will but help to make this particular number more valuable for general circulation. AN IMPORTANT FUND A Young People's Society in Denver, Colo., is anxious to place a copy of THE SENTINEL in the hands of each dele-gate to the International Convention of the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor. This will require from 15,000 to 25,000 copies. The lack of funds is the only reason why they cannot do this. From time to time THE SENTI-NEL has received donations to help dis-tribute religious liberty literature, when no especial call was made. Now that there is this favorable opportunity we trust that the friends of THE SENTI-NEL will assist liberally. Two hundred dollars is needed. Are there not twenty persons who can give ten dollars each, or forty who would esteem it a privilege to give five dollars each for this purpose? Please respond without de-lay, so that we may know how many papers to print. Send contributions to _ The Sentinel of Christian Liberty, 11 West 20th St., New York City. 