SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 247 yesterday morning in a factory at 346 Broome Street. Policeman Heaney, of the Mulberry Street station, locked him up on the charge of violating the Sunday law in doing factory work on that day. When arraigned before Magistrate Brann, in the Centre Street police court, later in the day, Tannebaum admitted that he had been working. "You were violating the law, then," said the magis-trate, and then turning to the policeman, he added : "But it is just as fair for these men to work in their factories as it is for the saloons to be allowed to run on Sunday." The magistrate felt forced to impose a penalty, however, and Tanne-baum was fined $5.ŠNew York Times, Jan. 27. Chas. Pappis, a young Greek confec-tioner, of Youngstown, Ohio, was recent-ly arraigned in the police court of that city, charged "with keeping open on the Lord's day, and displaying candy for sale against the laws of the State." The po-lice 11;.d found that he had sold two bags of candy and one or two pies on Sun-day. He did not deny the fact, and was fined $3 and costs, the whole amounting to $9.25. The Youngstown Vindicator says "the court started in to give Pappis a little advice about closing up all day on the Lord's day, whereupon the young man replied that he had as much right to do business on Sunday as lots of others who sell candy and cigars." He was told to make complaint against these other places, and the police would close them up also. The grocers and barbers of Terre Haute, Ind., are bestirring themselves in the interests of Sunday enforcement. At a recent meeting of the Retail Grocers' Association the cases of "two groceries doing business on Sunday in direct viola- tion of the law and the agreement among the proprietors of the stores," were con-sidered, and "a warning sounded." It is said that "both the grocers and their clerks are determined to enforce the clos-ing law." At a "lively meeting" of the Barbers' Protective Association, at which all the shops in the city, save three, were represented, the prosecution and convic-tion of two barbers for doing business on Sunday was indorsed, "and each mem-ber pledged his support in the crusade against Sunday work." One member de-clared : "We shall continue the crusade until all the shops in the city remain closed on Sunday. HereAter prosecu-tion will follow all violations." ,Ł From Middletown, Ohio, the report comes of the first "closed Sunday" in its history. On January 27 all the confec-tioneries, cigar and other stores and sa-loons were tightly closed. Some idea of what was accomplished in the direction of curtailing the liquor traffic may be gathered from these statements which we take from the report of the Middletown Signal: "Yesterday there were many drunken men on the streets. The saloons did a wholesale bottle trade Saturday night at their places of business. It is said that some of the saloons sold more whisky Saturday night than they did all week." The following Sunday was re-ported to have been "the quietest in the history of the city," the "Law and Order League having closed every place of busi-ness." The sale of cigars and candy was completely prohibited, and it was expect-ed that on the next Sunday the sale of newspapers would be prevented.. At a recent union meeting of the Eng-lish-speaking churches of Moline, Ill., held in the First Baptist church, "the matter of Sunday closing was generally 