622 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY and for subsequent offenses, to $250; and the practise requires all unpaid fines to be worked out on the chain-gang in striped clothing, at 3373  cents a day ! Let us suppose a case : A poor man with a large family of young children starts a little ice-cream and candy shop. By keeping it open Sunday he manages to pay barely rent and other expenses and send the children to school. He is arrested, tried, and sentenced to be im-prisoned one month and to pay a fine of $50. He is put in jail and kept six months to work out his sentence. On his release, he finds his wife in the poor-house, his children in an asylum, his fur-niture in pawn, and his good name de- stroyed. Would any of Dr. Clark's church members ruin a family because the father sold a dish of ice-cream on Sunday? I think not. In joining the church they have pledged themselves to good feeling to all men, that vital and central doctrine of all religions, and the reverend Doctor, I presume, has taught them the brotherhood of all men. Not one of them would commit so abhorrent a deed. A law may be lobbied through by sal-aried churchmen, but it will soon be laid on the shelf alongside of the unrepealed but obsolete statute which provides for fining, tongue-boring, branding, and hanging Unitarians. A Seventh-Day Observer Prosecuted in Mas- sachusetts BF K. C. Russell, Boston, Mass. WT. GIBSON, a Seventh-day Ad-ventist residing in Everett, Mass., was arraigned in the criminal court in that city on August 7, charged with do-ing common labor on the "Lord's day," the same not being deemed a work of necessity or charity. By request of the defendant the trial was postponed until Thursday, August 14. The case was tried before Judge John W. Pettingill, of the Eastern Middlesex County Court, in Malden, Mass. The defendant, although but an ordinary man, did not have the assistance of an attorney to defend his case, but in ac-cordance with the instructions of Christ to those who may be brought before magistrates because they worship God according to the dictates of their con-sciences, he pleaded his own case, believ-ing that at such a time the Lord would  give him a mouth and wisdom which all his adversaries should not be able to gainsay nor resist. Luke 21 : 12-15. It was evident from the testimony given by one who resides an eighth of a mile from the defendant that the com-plaint against him was instigated by this witness as the result of enmity and preju-dice. This is another instance which em-phasizes one of the great evils of Sunday legislation. It can be used so readily by those who desire to injure one whom they are not willing to tolerate religiously or otherwise. One of the three witnesses subpcenaed by the defendant was the Honorable Francis Batcheller, ex-mayor of Everett. While his testimony in the main was fa-vorable to the accused, it was evident that he believed that magistrates should strict-ly enforce the existing Sunday laws. 