EDITORIAL  567 nothing too bad to say of the native priests, would have been the quickest and fiercest to resent any intimation that the native priests were what they now say they are. But whatever may be the char-acter of the native priests, there is one thing about which there is striking una-nimity of testimony, and concerning which there can be little doubt, and that is the general and intolerable corruption of the friars. And by their charges against the native clergy they but strengthen the case' against themselves. ¥ We were mistaken in saying in the June SENTINEL that the Sunday bills in-troduced in Congress about the 1st of May were the first measures of that sort to make their appearance in that body since 1895. The forces of "National Re-form" have not allowed so long a time to elapse in recent years between their attempts in this direction. Aside from the at least three Sunday bills introduced in Congress during the session begin-ning December I, 1895, there was a bill applying to the District of Columbia in- troduced early in 1898, but which, like the recently proposed legislation, was not reported back from the committee to which it was referred. Mr. Wilbur F. Crafts was its chief advocate, and it was claimed by him that the measure had the approval of organized labor. This bill, we think, was the last Sunday measure to appear in Congress before those of the present year, although other religious measures were proposed in the meantime. ¥ Some one who was highly indignant over the fact that the waving of the American flag on the driveway of Cen-tral Park in this city is not allowed ex-cept by special permit, in a communica-tion to the Times demanded, "Who ever heard of the American flag not being un-furled by an American anywhere on this  big round globe ?" and declared : "En-force the law for keeping a decent Sab-bath and let the American flag float all over God's creation." We know little and care little of the propriety or impropriety of this rule with regard to the display of the flag on Central Park driveway, but we desire to call attention to the fact, which we think is strongly suggested in this communication, that a blustering and unthinking devotion to "the flag" goes hand in hand with "Sabbath" enforce-ment by law. The American flag has no business to be floating "all over God's creation," and nobody has any business to be enforcing by law the keeping of a "de-cent" or any other sort of a Sabbath. If on both these points more calm reflection and less inane bombastry were indulged in both the flag and the "Sabbath" would be of more blessing to the world. 4 According to The Independent Arch-bishop Elder, of Cincinnati, has sent out to the clergy of his diocese "an extraor-dinary petition to which two hundred thousand signatures are expected. It tells President Roosevelt that the sepa-ration of church and state under the first amendment to the Constitution was pro-vided for conditions here, and ought not to be enforced in the Philippines, at least in schools ; also that it would be an inva-sion of the rights of the Philippine peo-ple to tax them for a system of non-re-ligious schools." The Independent ob-serves that "this is pretty frank talkÑthat separation of. church and state is good for a country where the Catholics are in the minority, and not for one where they are in the majority." Yes, this is somewhat frank, but it is the posi-tion of the Papacy exactly. If the Pope and "the silent and knowing prelates" of this country would be as frank as Arch-bishop Elder they would say exactly what he has said. The Papacy is not in 