THE SANCTITY OF THE RIGHT OF CHOICE. 19 from Him means eternal death; yet there is no compulsion, rio forceŠonly the yearning heart pleading for the better way. Christ, who came into the world as the chief Herald of the freedom of con-science, declares : "If any man hear my words and believe not, I judge him not; for I came not to judge the world, but to save the world." John 12 :47. And yet by him and for him the world was made. Because God would not invade the right of choice, the worship which He receives is the worship of the heart, and not the per-formance of dead, heartless, outward ceremonies; and because He would not invade that primal right, the only rule in the universe, when sin has been removed, will be the rule of love; the worship per-formed will be the worship which love inspires. Force, with all the parapher-nalia of its conscience-crushing cam-paign, will then have been ruled out of every portion of God's dominion. That is the purpose of God in the work which He has been conducting in the earth since the fall of man. The worship of a free conscience is the only worship that is an honor to God or acceptable to Him. True heart-worship of God is the only worship that is not idolatry. In heartless forms and ceremonies we wor-ship customs or the law that requires them. When we yield to a law that is in opposition to the law of God, and obey that law in preference to God's law, we are worshiping the makers of that law instead of the Maker of the heavens and the earth. In such act of homage we are professing to do what we do not doŠwe are hypocrites. In religious matters custom has con-tinually invaded the right of choice.  Bodies of religious men, forgetting the example of their Creator, have frequently invaded that right. A religious despot-ism in the earth has always claimed the right to invade that right ; and men who have even fled from the power ofŁ that despotism have taken with them its wicked right of invading conscience, and have carried that invasion to the farthest extreme ; and all this in spite of all the Creator has done and taught to show His followers that liberty of conscience was a sacred inheritance, and the right of choice a sacred right. Paganism scarcely or never recognized that right, tho it sometimes tolerated the choice ; and when paganism invaded the church and pervaded and perverted it, it brought with it the spirit of intoler-ance and persecution toward everything it did not control. Then it was that Augustine could say : "It is, indeed, better that men should be brought to serve God by instruction than by fear of punishment or by pain. But because the former means are bet-ter, the latter must not therefore be neg-lected. Many must be brought back to their Lord, like wicked servants, by the rod of temporal suffering." In this, says the church historian Me-ander, there was "the germ of that whole system of spiritual despotism, of intoler-ance and persecution, which ended in the tribunals of the Inquisition." The Inquisition is religious intolerance worked out. It is what must follow when full sway is given to any government which claims the right to invade the right of choice in religious things. It is the logical sequence of the union of church and state. And that institution, and the claims which made it possible, are ar-rayed against every teaching, every pre-cept, every practice of Jesus Christ. For 