THE SUPREMACY OF THE PAPACY 59 -new pope, instead of having brought peace to the world, had only increased the confusion; for Alexander V. im-mediately bestowed papal honors upon the members of his order. He issued a bull by which he " invested the Friar Preach-ers, the Friar Minors, the Augustinians, and the Carmelites, in the full, uncon-trolled power of hearing confession and granting absolution in every part of Christendom. It rescinded, and declared null, if not heretical, seven propositions advanced or sanctioned by other popes, chiefly John XXII.... This bull was not only the absolute annihilation of the ex-clusive prerogatives and pretensions of the clergy, but it was ordered to be read by the clergy themselves in all the churches in Christendom. They were to publish before their own flocks the tri-umph of their enemies,- the complete in-dependence of their parishioners of their authority, their own condemnation for insufficiency, their disfranchisement from their ancient, immemorial rights. " Henceforth there was a divided do-minion in every diocese; in every parish there were two or more conflicting claimants on the obedience, the love, and the liberality of the flock. Still further, all who dared to maintain the proposi-tions annulled by the bull were to be pro-ceeded against as contumacious and ob-stinate heretics. Thus the pope, who was to reconcile and command or win dis-tracted Christendom to peace and unity Ša narrow-minded friar, thinking only of his own OrderŠhad flung a more fatal apple of discord into the world, and stirred up a new civil war among the more immediate adherents of the Papacy, among those who ought to have been knit together in more close and intimate confederacy."ŠId. The effect of this act of Alexander V. was to throw back to Benedict XIII. and Gregory XII. the sympathy of many, and also to cast discredit upon the Council of  Pisa that had chosen a pope who could act only in a way to make confusion worse confounded. " Murmurs were heard in many quarters that the council, instead of extinguishing the schism, had but added a third pope." This increased confusion also encouraged the other two popes, and it very shortly appeared that now there were indeed three popes in-stead of one. Gregory XII. was acknowl-edged as pope by the king of Sicily, by some of the cities of Italy, and by Ru-pert, king of the Romans. Benedict XIII. was acknowledged as lawful pope by the kings of Aragon, Castile, and Scotland, and the earl of Armagnac. Alexander V. was acknowledged to be pope by the remaining princes of Europe. Benedict XIII. was now under the pro-tection of the king of Aragon, and he issued his anathemas against the Council of Pisa and the other two popes. Greg-ory XII. was in the territories of Venice. He by his general council published sen-tences of excommunication and anathema against the other two popes, declaring that " the election of the one and the other was uncanonical and sacrilegious ; both were pronounced schismatics and her-etics ; their acts were all annulled, and all were forbidden, on pain of excommuni-cation, to obey the one or the other." Gregory also published again his malty times repeated and broken profession that he was ready to resign immediately, pro-vided the other two popes would do " the same, at the same time, and in the same place." He further declared that " if the two intruders did not agree to these terms, he granted them leave to assemble a general council of the three obediences, at which he said he was ready to assist in person, and to acquiesce in their decrees, provided his two competitors engaged to assist at it in person as well as he, and to stand to the determination of that assem-bly."ŠBower. Instead of following the example of his 