OF CililffliSTOM LOOM' VOL. XVIII NEW YORK, THURSDAY, JULY 30, 1903 N o. 31     American Govern- We indicated last meat Concerned week thatpapal in- with the Papal Succession fluence is becoming more and more powerful in the politics of this country. The natural and inevi-table complement to papal interest and influence in American politics and gov-ernmental affairs is interest and influence by the American government and Amer-ican politicians in papal politics. If re-ports are correct, the American govern-ment is now for the first time in its his-tory actively interested in the election of a Pope. From Washington has recently come the report, which " carries with it a presumption of accuracy," that " great interest is manifested by the United States government in the selection of a suc-cessor to the papal chair." This comes of the Philippine entanglement with the Papacy. In view of the questions pend-ing between the Catholic Church and the government over affairs in the Philip-pines, " it is considered of the utmost im-portance that the new Pope be friendly toward the United States." On the authority of " an officer who is well in-formed on the negotiations conducted in Rome by Governor Taft," it is stated that, in harmony with the policy of Leo, Cardinals Rampolla and Satolli are " friendly to the interests of the United States," but that, on the other hand, Cardinal Martinelli is " most hostile: and "has continually exerted his influence against this country." Lastly, it is stated " on the best authority," that " Cardinal Gotti, although a member of one of the  church orders, or Cardinal Vannutellif  would be more agreeable to this govern-ment in every way than Cardinal Mar-tinelli." A leading Protestant journal thinks " it not at all improbable that Car-dinal Gibbons' departure for Rome is to be interpreted in connection with some service on behalf of our government in the matter of the election of a successor of Leo XIII." And thus step by step the American government is becoming in-volved with the Papacy ; and in general it seems to arouse no apprehensions what-ever. These most significant and " first time in history " proceedings seem to be regarded as a matter of course, and are treated as little more than so much cur-rent news. In speaking of the concern of the various powers with the " change in the personality that occupies the throne of St. Peter," the Springfield Republican thus calls attention to this latest develop-ment : For the first time in our history is the United States even slightly affected, in a political sense, by the immediate prospect of a new conclave. The fact is due chiefly to the Spanish War, which left us a trouble-some religious questionŠthat of the Spanish friarsŠin the Philippine Islands. With the church problems in the archipelago still un-settled, our government becomes a close ob-server of events at Rome, notwithstanding its constitutional aloofness from all ecclesias-tical affairs. It was of no consequence to the Hayes administration of 1878 whether this or that cardinal became Pius IX.'s succes-sor; but it is certain that the administration of Mr. Roosevelt will be somewhat interested to know whether the next Roman pontiff be 