476 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY should advise your honor to disregard the request. I cannot assume for a moment, how-ever, that the ten gentlemen who voted in favor of the resolve desire you to persecute any particular persons or class of persons within our city ; and the literal enforcement of this statute against a few, leaving all other law-breakers to continue their course with im-punity, would in my judgment be persecution. I prefer to believe that if they desire a rigid enforcement of the law they desire that it shall be enforced equally and impartially. The social position, the poverty or the wealth of the offender is not to be considered. There is one law for all, and if literally enforced it must be enforced against all alike. This leads me to the question as to what your official duty is in regard to enforcing the provisions of the present law. You are bound by your oath of office to enforce the laws, and in respect to this you have no discretion. On the other hand in regard to that part of the statute which forbids a person from taking part upon the Sabbath day in any sport, game, play or public diversion, no decision of the Supreme Court has yet been given interpreting the real meaning of the statute, and until this occurs you must by yourself or your solicitor inter-pret the law according to the best of your ability. Here followed the portion of the opin-ion quoted last week. Many misinter-pretations and misrepresentations of his ruling have been made, the city solicitor wrote, and the mayor made public, a sub-sequent communication in which he said : Literal Construction Would Prohibit Golf, also Bicycling, Skating, Automobiling, Etc., Etc. The statute makes it illegal for any one to "take part in any sport, game, play or public diversion." This phrase is susceptible of two interpretations. You asked me whether, if strictly construed, it would prohibit the sports of skating, bicycling, canoeing, rowing, auto-mobiling, sailing, riding and driving. My an-swer was, " Yes, with the possible exception of the latter two; and provided, in the case of yachting or boating, that the yachts or boats are not hired ones." With the possible ex-ception of riding and driving these are all summer or winter sports, and the statute pro-hibits taking part in any sport. This literal construction would likewise prohibit golf. On the other hand, I find that the law is susceptible of a more liberal interpretations The statute does not make it a criminal offense to play a game, or, using the words which were used in the statute of 1653, " to sport." It forbids only taking part in a sport, game, play or public diversion. In order to be illegal under the statute two acts must occur: (I) The person must be taking part; (2) the act in which he is taking part must be a sport, game, play or public diversion as distinguished from " recreation." Applying this reasoning to golf indulged in upon private grounds, if a person does this as a recreation by skillfully hitting a ball around the field and at the same time refrains, from any contest or match, . . . I fail to see how the statute prohibits this any more than it does bicycling, skating, automobiling, sailing, row-ing or canoeing. They all involve skill and physical exercise. They must all stand or fall together. And everything else in the way of exercise, recreation, sport, labor, work or business that is consistent with the rights which it is the function of the Civil law to guard should also stand or fall with them in this matter. While it is proper to point out and to take advan-tage of the inconsistencies of Sunday legislation, it is not by ingenious inter-pretations and constructions calculated to adapt it to present customs that its real evil can be reached and removed. It is hardly likely that such a course will lessen its complications and absurdities. It should be literally enforced or literally abolished. The value of such opinions and rulings as this of the city solicitor of Medford is that they do in a way tend toward the abolition of such legis-lation, for the application of reason and common sense to such legislation cannot logically stop short of the true position that nothing should be prohibited on Sunday that is not prohibited on other days and that is not in itself an inva-sion of the rights of others. And that of course leaves no place for Sunday legislation. The solicitor is right when he says that a partial enforcement of the law is persecution ; but a law which, for 4 14 ii to 