SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  715 cently held a union service to discuss "the danger of the holiday Sunday," and followed it with the distribution of "Christian citizenship" literature throughout the place. ¥ A dispatch from Jeffersonville, Ind., reported recently that "a Sunday-closing war is among the possibilities in this city." It was expected that the "war" would be inaugurated by the retail clerks, who had just organized. ¥ Two butchers were arraigned before Police Justice Hoos in Jersey City, N. J., on August 4, on the charge of selling meat on Sunday. The magistrate paroled the prisoners until a decision is handed down in a certain appealed case. ¥:. Affidavits were sworn out against two grocers of Houston, Texas, on August 12,"charging them with selling groceries on Sunday." These are said to be the first arrests under the ordinance provid-ing for Sunday closing of stores. Anzibe Landry, a restaurant keeper of Somersworth, N. H., was recently fined $io in the police court for keeping his place open on Sunday. He has de-manded of the marshal that all other places where sales are made on Sunday be closed also. According to a dispatch from Monroe, La., a number of saloon-keepers of that city, "who desire that the Sunday law shall be strictly observed," have "present-ed a petition to the mayor and city coun-cil asking that the city have its Sunday laws rigidly enforced." ¥ Two hundred Italians in the employ of the South Jersey Gas, Electric and Trac- tion Company, who were engaged in lay- ing gas pipes in a street in the eastern portion of Camden, N. J., on Sunday, September 7, were stopped by the police. They were told "that if they again began work on the Sabbath they would be ar-rested." An agitation was recently on foot in Rockliffe, Canada, near Ottawa, to stop Sunday band concerts that were being given in a park on the outskirts of that place. It was found that the point where the concerts took place was outside the city limits, and it was then proposed that the city authorities stop thy, street-car traffic in that direction. The marshal of Mexico, Mo., has noti-fied the proprietors of hotels, cigar stores, livery stables and other business men that "the Sunday law will be enforced," and that they must "close their places." The mayor and some members of the city council disapprove of the step taken by the marshal, but it has the endorse-ment of the city attorney. ¥ W. W. Chalfant, a druggist, and John Brower and William Shriver, bath-house keepers, all of Ocean City, N. J., were re-cently summoned to appear before a jus-tice of the peace to answer to the charge of being "engaged in worldly employ-ment and business in the showing forth and exposure for sale of certain wares, merchandise, goods and chattels" on Sunday. "Sunday closing and how to make it more general was the only topic of dis-cussion" at a recent meeting of the Mer-chants' Protective Association of Jersey City, N. J. "The committee in charge of the movement for closing all places of business on the Sabbath, reported that another conference, in which a commit-tee of the Boss Butchers' Association 