184 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY surnus " of Pius IX. by a policy which recog-nizes and accepts the inevitable. While Leo could not in terms reverse the decisions of his predecessors, he has yet had the good sense to acknowledge the rightfulness of a republican government in France and the political sa-gacity to require harmony with it. He has at-tempted some compromise with socialism and has lately recognized the work of biblical criti-cism, and has appointed a commission of emi-nent scholars to study the subject, and has re-quired them to take cognizance of the studies of Protestant scholars.... Under a near suc-cessor [of Leo XIII.] the Church will find a way to yield the claim of territorial sovereignty and will be content to exert merely spiritual authority. Reforms in the Roman Church do not appear in decretals or on parchment, but they come all the same. Now let us hear from another source on these points, and see just what is the nature, purpose, and tendency of these " reforms in the Roman Church " that "do not appear in decretals or on parch-ment " ; let us see if the Papacy, in yield-ing " to the elements of progress," is yielding her claim to be supreme over the nations and to be the law-giver of the world ; let us see whether she is content " to exert merely a spiritual au-thority " (which of course is something that has no meaning with the Papacy, except as it is made to mean something else than " merely spiritual authority ") ; let us see if even the announcement of the doctrine of " Papal Infallibility " and the " Syllabus of Errors " were indeed grave mistakes and colossal blunders. At the " grand and stately " celebration in St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York on March 3, at which " His Excellency, Monsignor Falconio, Apostolic Delegate to the United States," was the " cele-brant," and during which the cathedral was filled to its utmost capacity, "Father" Thos. J. Campbell, " former provincial of the Jesuits," delivered the " sermon." Among other things he had the following to say concerning Leo XIII. and the policy entered upon by him on becoming Pope: He would define no dogma, at least ex-plicitly. Pius IX. had done that sufficiently for the present with his Syllabus, a collection of condemnations, though possibly not techni-cally dogma; his declaration of the Immacu-late Conception and the doctrine of the Infal- , libility ; the one smiting all the errors of the day, and arousing the world into fierce de-nunciations ;...and the third providentially preparing the world, by the decree of infalli-bility, for the reverence and the awe with which all the utterances of Leo, his successor, are regarded. There was no need at present for definition of dogma. The world would not hear it, and was clamoring fatuously for deeds, not creeds; for morality, and not religion; for morality without religion, if that were possible. And so, with sublime acquiescence, Leo XIII. has been writing across the century, in letters of light that can never fade, the most mag-nificent and AUTHORITATIVE code of ethics the world has ever known. In these marvellous and multitudinous en-cyclicals...we find almost every subject of national, social, domestic and individual ethics treated in the most exhaustive and conclusive, though simplest and most luminous, manner, and so eagerly sought for that they are scarcely dry on the paper before they are read in every language of the earth. In a thousand different ways, by encyclicals and letters and briefs and allocutions, he has been the teacher of every grade and condition of society. His whole life has been a glorious encyclical... This is his greatest encyclical, and when history is written he will be pictured in the eyes of posterity, as he is to ours, like the light-crowned law-giver of old, radiant in all the glory of his exalted office, as well as in the splendor of his intellectual illumination and the dazzling beauty of his holy life, standing high above the races of men, as upon a Mount Sinai; pitying them, praying for them, willing to die for them, and ever pointing to the tablets of the law, which he, too, has received from God to deliver to the nations, which, to a greater extent than the rebellious Hebrews of those days, reck not of what is going on above them, engrossed as they are in pleasure or car-ried away in rebellion in the plains beneath. It is thus he is conquering the material and sensual world by the light of the intellect and the splendor of divine revelation. He is doing what the Popes have always done. It is by the sublime teaching of these twenty-five years that Leo XIII. has not only regained all the ground that the Church had lost, but 