EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 405 " The Sunday question " was discussed in a manner " removed from the beaten path " in a sermon preached at the Wood-ward Avenue Baptist Church in Detroit, Mich., on May 31, by the pastor, Rev. Spenser B. Meeser. The sermon was called forth by the agitation aroused by " the proposed amendment to the Sunday-observance law " whereby Sunday ball playing in Detroit and vicinity would be legalized. Some of things said by Mr. Meeser were these : The moral law is God's holiness adjusted to human capacity and need, or else it is not a just law. The words of Christ, " The Sab-bath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath," have a double meaning as I view them. Man is not only spiritual in nature; he is intellectual and physical. When God deals with him he is not a disembodied spirit. He is not without Mind or body on Sunday, and a human being the rest of the week. Man's duties arise in his relations as he exists, a unified human beingŠmind, soul, body. True religion concerns itself with the whole man in every relation, and the Lord's day, as an insti-tution of religion, is concerned therefore with the whole man. No doubt many persons are losing all regard for the Lord's day, but it is difficult to an-nounce an unvarying rule for all as to the method of observing it. It is clear that we are to keep the day holy and not to do any work on it; but it is not clear what keeping the day holy means, nor is it clear in men's minds what kind of work is so necessary as to be in keeping with the proper observance of the day. Some very pious people who view with alarm Ł the desecration of the day by bicyclists do not mind keeping their cooks at work over tre-mendous Sunday dinners. I do not believe any person should make a mere recreative use of Sunday, but I am not prepared to condemn those who are shut up by work and toil the whole week if they seek recreation on Sunday. I have an idea that if Christ were with us to-day He might say, hear-ing the unqualified condemnation of those who seek recreation on that day, " The Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sab-bath." I know that many of the people who seek recreation on Sunday have no valid ex-cuse for it, but, when we are seeking a principle, we cannot conceal truth because some will take advantage of it. The perils of  knowledge and liberty are no greater than the perils of ignorance and slavery. There is nothing but condemnation for the man who ignores God on that day, bit I simply cannot believe that God will condemn a man shut up in a factory or store and prevented by the necessities of business from the enjoyment of a holiday if he seeks a pure and normal recrea-tion on Sunday. The answer to the Sunday question which the Christian citizens should give is clear. He has no right to put the religious restriction of his conscience on another. Let us catch the spirit of Jesus Christ, who interpreted God's law in the light of human need. And while we take care to live honestly by our own faith in God and duty, grant to each man the right to live by his faith and his conception of duty. It would be well if all the ministers who believe in Sunday observance would take this view of the matter. If they would, the Sunday question would be very different from what it is, and much less of a question than it is. Mr. Meeser's attitude leaves no room for " Sunday-observance " laws and their enforcement. Ł Some weeks ago we presented some quotations from Catholic sources in this country in which admiration for Presi-dent Roosevelt, for " his courage and his love of justice," was expressed. These expressions of admiration were called forth by the course of the Presi-dent in taking steps " to meet the views of Catholics both in the United States and in the archipelago " in Philippine matters. It seems that the Pope is just as full of admiration for " our young President," and just as "proud of him," as is Bishop McFaul and other Catholic leaders in this country, and no doubt for the same reasons. We are told that on June 12 the Pope requested a Mr. Thos. St. John Gaffney, of New York, who was in " private audience" with him, to " con-vey to the President an expression of his high consideration and admiration " ; and again, on June i8, in an audience with 