36 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. the least idea that they are being com-pelled to work on Sunday. When it comes to pass that three million or three thousand or even three hundred people in this country are compelled to work on Sunday or any other day, the mat-ter will be heard of through other sources than those interested in promot-ing Sunday observance by law, and some far more effective and expeditious way of dealing with the matter will be devised than that of a Sunday law. Individual Rights Gzeatez than Ł Institutions. The government which regards the rights of its subjects will not exalt the institution, religious or social, above man, but man above the institution. The institution may be honored if men will, but its observance will never be com-pulsory. All the Catholics in a community may with bared and bowed heads adore "the Host" as it is carried past in solemn procession ; but no Protestant is to be forced to bow his head or remove his hat. All the Protestants of a community may, with reverent air, remove the hat or bow the head when the solemn pub-lic act of baptismŠimmersionŠis per-formed at some lakeside ; but no Cath-olic is to be compelled to -show rever-ence on such an occasion. He may not encroach upon the rights of any; he must be civil toward others, but he is not to be compelled to act religious. A true government will not subject the individual man to the arbitrary de-mands of the many. Man surrenders no inalienable right to society or govern-ment. If the government be a true gov-ernment it conserves and guards the rights of each one, and each one in his rights. And when each person is pro- tected in his rights, all are protected in their rights. And as long as each indi-vidual is protected in his rights, so long can no class suffer from the infringe-ment of their rights. The thing to be exalted, therefore, in a just and permanent government is the inalienable rightsŠcommon to all menŠ& the individual man, whether he be pagan or Jew, infidel or believer, Cath-olic or Protestant; for in this way only can the rights of all be conserved. M. C. W. The Michigan Christian Advocate says that "the heads and chief men in many of the railroad corporations of the country are Chriitian men." This is a fact that makes one wonder why it is necessary for Christian ministers to call upon the law in their efforts to get rid of "the demoralizing influence of Sunday travel." New Plans for ﬁChristian Citizenship." For nine years the Christian En-deavor organization has, had a ".Chris-tian citizenship" department. It is said by the president of this organization that "much has been done by individual so-cieties and unions, but no general con-creted plan has hitherto been proposed for making our abstract views on good citizenship concrete." He is of the opin-ion that "the time has come for a new And advance step along this line." The assassination of President McKinley, "the big Tammany in New York City and the little Tammanies that are small-er only because the towns are smaller, the colossal corruption in Philadelphia," and all the political evils in generals  are interpreted as a call for the organization of "Christian Endeavor Civic Clubs" in every city, town, and village in the coun- 