An Indictment of New York's Sunday Law* VIII PERHAPS it may be alleged that the liberty of conscience granted by the constitution "shall not be so con-strued as to excuse acts of licentious-ness, or justify practises inconsistent with the peace and safety of the State," that labor and recreation on 'the Sab-bath day are licentious acts, and the law suppressing it therefore not Uncon-stitutional? Change the term licen-tiousness used in this objection for the word immorality and the allegation has already in these remarks been more than once refuted. But without stop-ping to show that the term "licentious-ness" in the sense in which it is used in the constitution is synonymous with that of "immorality," I will proceed to answer the objection by asking, What sabbath day is profaned by work-ing or taking recreation on it ? Cer-tainly not the first-day sabbath. The *Seventy-seven years ago there was published in New York a pamphlet, a transcript of the title page of which is as follows : " The People's Rights Reclaimed ; being An Exposition of the Unconstitutionality of the Law of the State of New York Compelling the Observance of a Re-ligious Sabbath Day, and Erroneously Entitled ' An Act for Suppressing Immorality,' Passed March 13th, 1813. Addressed to the People of the State of New York. New York, 1826. A. Spooner, Printer, Brooklyn." Its publication was called forth by the revision of the State laws then taking place and certain attempts that had been made " to effect an extension of the erroneous p-inciples and provisions of the Sunday laws." Although the excuse for New York's Sunday leg-islation has been somewhat changed since then, it being now professedly for the prevention of " crimes against religious liberty and conscience " (although still coming under the general heading of " crimes against public decency and good morals "), whereas then it was " for suppressing immorality," it remains the same in principle, object, and effect, and the masterly and unan-swerable indictment of the law as it then was made by the unknown author of the above pam-phlet is still a masterly and unanswerable indict-ment of the law as it now is, and incidentally of all other Sunday legislation. The widespread disposition now manifested to uphold and " to affect an extension of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sunday laws " makes the matter in this pamphlet very pertinent to-day, and hence we are publishing it in full in THE SENTINFI--EDITOR. law itself admits this truth by allowing the seventh-day sabbatteans to do their work on Sunday; otherwise the law itself would be on that account "li-centious." Nor can the seventh-day sabbath be profaned by the work or recreation of those who do not acknowl-edge it as their religions sabbath. This fact the law in question also acknowl-edges, because it permits everybody, as a matter of moral and political right, to work, play, or rest from labor as they please or as may best accord with their opinions on the subject. Then labor and play on either of those two sab-bath days are no more "acts of licen-tiousness" within the meaning of the constitution than they are within the nleaning of the law in question, which allows and justifies work and recrea-tion on both those sabbath days. If labor on the first-day sabbath was im-moral, as I .have before had occasion to remark, the law allowing it would be so too. If it is licentious to labor on that day, the law which tolerates it would be. licentious also, and hence un-constitutional. If labor on that day could, by any plausible sophistry, be minconstrued into a practise "inconsis-tent with the peace and safety of the State," the law which allows it would partake of the same character, and on that account be unconstitutional. It was doubtless because the religious liberty of mankind had always been as-sailed under the pretense of supporting religion, suppressing vice and immor-ality, or serving God, that the constitu-tion wisely provided that the liberty of conscience thereby granted (guaran-teed) should "not be so construed as to excuse acts of licentiousness [im-moral acts], or justify practises incon-sisten with the peace and safety of the State." 