The Vatican NegotiationsŠ Some Noteworthy Expressions of Opinion IT is hard to make out that Governor Taft's visit to Rome, where he con-ducted negotiations for several weeks with the Vatican, has amounted to any-thing, except to introduce the United States Government to the subtleties and many-centuried smoothness of Vatican diplomacy. The Vatican naturally is more than pleased over this summer's happeningsŠthe official deputation to His Holiness from a country where church and state are divorced, the personal gift of his literary works by the President to the Pope, the curious interest which the negotiations at St. Peter's have aroused in European capitals. Finally, one reads that Cardinal Rampolla, the papal secre-tary of state, has written a letter to Sec-retary Hay, and thus the precedent for official negotiations between the Vatican and the American Government has be-come sufficiently well established. It is not in any complaining or critical spirit that these facts are mentioned. Develop-ments of such interest in our history, however, cannot be passed by without some notice. The American people have not gone to Canossa, but something cer-tainly has happened that can scarcely be said to have ever happened before. No one can read the various notes that have passed between Cardinal Rampolla and Governor Taft and not have some dim consciousness of the fact. The Vatican, it may be repeated, has been pleased by the visit of a high of-ficial of the United States Government, and practically speaking it has done nothing to meet his requests. It has made no promise to withdraw the friars from the Philippine Islands, the farthest extreme to which it would go being a proposal to introduce, "little by little, ec- clesiastics of other nationalities, especial-ly  American." This is not particularly surprising, perhaps, in view of the ten-dency of any church to stand by its own missionary organizations, but it marks failure upon that part of Governor Taft's mission which contemplated the early withdrawal en masse of the Spanish friars from the islands. All other ques-tions involved are postponed, and will be considered at Manila by a papal delegate and the American authorities. That this is an unsatisfactory outcome of the visit to Rome cannot fairly be denied. The policy of the Vatican in this matter is evi-dently one of delay. Such would natu-rally be its policy, viewed from a certain standpoint, yet it had been expected in this country, perhaps overconfidently, that the church authorities would not postpone a settlement which cannot be avoided in the end. Meanwhile, how-ever, the Vatican will surely enjoy the experience of having the United States to negotiate with. For the transactions must increase the size of Rome in Ameri-can affairs.ŠSpring field (Mass.) Repub-lican. A That the negotiations with the Vatican should have fallen through is not sur-prising ; it is impossible to see how it could hardly have been otherwise. The failure has only come sooner than was expected. But it has come none too soon. The fact is, the Curia wholly misunderstood the position of our gov-ernment. It would not deport the friars, but would try to give them residential if not other rights. But the Washington Government and the people of the country say "The friars must go !" and 