404 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY discharged. It now appears that he was discharged " on the ground that he was a farmer, and the law did not apply to farmers." The Alberta Sunday law then must be very similar to the great original of all the Sunday laws, the decree Of Constantine issued in A.D. 321, which commanded " the magistrates and people living in towns " to rest " on the vener-able day of the sun," but stated that " in the country, those engaged in the cultivation of land may freely and law-fully work." Since the dismissal of Mr. Hansen's case in February " the attorney-general at Regina has issued orders to the mounted police not to disturb Sev-enth-day Adventists or Jews for doing work on Sunday." This is good, but it would be better if there were no Sunday law. It is merely the disposition of the officials which secures the Seventh-day Adventists and Jews from the enforce-ment of the law at present. Other of-ficials differently disposed could compel them to refrain from work on Sunday. And besides, other people as well as those belonging to these two classes are en-titled to freedom from Sunday enforce-ment. The right of all to freedom in the matter of Sunday observance should be recognized by the abolition of Sunday laws, for as long as they remain this right is recognized in none, although some are permitted to work on Sunday without molestation. Ł A correspondent in Hartshorne, Ind. T., writes us of a case of Sunday enforce-ment against a seventh-day observer in the adjacent town of Wilburton in which United States authorities have taken a hand. Mr. Hiram Syar, a Seventh-day Adventist, who follows " a general repair business," was arrested while at work on May 31, and was fined $1 and costs in the mayor's court the next day. He continued his work as usual on the fol-lowing Sunday, and was again arrested  by the city marshal, who " this time turned him over to the United States marshal." " He was put in jail for sev-eral hours," but was released on furnish-ing bond to the amount of $ioo. Two days later " he was brought before the Commissioner's court, where he had a hearing." The Commissioner " postponed his decision until Monday, the 15th." Our correspondent wrote on June 10, and re-ported the people of. Wilburton as be-ing " quite stirred " over the matter, with " public sentiment running pretty high in favor of the defendant." But Mr. Syar was still threatened with arrest should he work next Sunday." Our correspond-ent says others in the town carry on busi-ness and work of various kinds on Sun-day without being molested, and he there-fore regards the prosecution of Mr. Syar as in the nature of religious persecution. It is a new thing to hear of United States authorities taking part in Sunday en-forcement, but it seems that they do so in Indian Territory. About two months ago a case was reported from Okmulgee, where a Mr. Carlington, a barber; was prosecuted at the instance of another bar-ber and " a prominent member of the Sunday League " for " shaving a man on Sunday." The trial took place in the Commissioner's Court for the Western Judicial District of the Territory, and the case was officially entitled, " United States of America vs. J. C. Carlington." After a hotly-contested trial the jury failed to.  agree, and it was said the case would be tried again. Thus in these two cases, notwithstanding the Federal gov-ernment has no Sunday law, Federal au-thority has been invoked in behalf of Sunday enforcement. The precedent is an evil one. It is said that Indian Ter-ritory is under the Arkansas statutes, and thus it is the Arkansas Sunday law that is being enforced through the instru-mentality of Federal courts in Indian Territory. 