22S THE SENTIAEL, OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY week, the day being determined by the employed person and the employer. Meanwhile, legislation touching the li-quor traffic should separate that traffic from all other forms of business. (7) These are some of the verdicts which history has recorded concerning Sunday legislation ; prayers and politics will strive in vain to evade them or the logical results yet to follow. A Sunday Observer on Sunday Enforcement [Under the heading, "Sunday Observance: Church and State," there appears in a recent issue of The Church Standard (Episcopalian), Philadelphia, a communication from Mr. Frederick S. Jewell, who is evidently a strict churchman and an earnest believer in the sacred and binding character of Sunday observance. But he sees the wrongfulness of the attempt to enforce that observance by law. We are glad to reprint such words, and we sincerely wish that instead of one there were hundreds of such articles being written by Sunday observers. We are certain that if the great mass of the believers in Sunday sacredness would take the position here expressed that their influence would be far more effective against "the inroads of the Continental Sunday " than it is ever likely to be as a result of the attitude now assumed.ŠEditor.] WITH regard to the observance of Sunday, the question for us is one of morality and religion. This phase of it falls outside the province of the state altogether. So far as morality is concerned, the state, as has been seen, has only a limited, indirect, restrictive power. With religion, here as elsewhere, the state has nothing to do. We have no state religion; no one sect can be recog-nized; and what is euphemistically called "our common Christianity" is too vague, diffuse, and fog-like to be civilly tangible. The protection which the state gives to religious bodies and their assemblages is no more than is the right of all peaceable and well-meaning citizens. The favor shown to church property is due to the unspeculative character of church in-stitutions, and their influence in favor of general peace and good order. Beyond this the state has to maintain a position of practical neutrality with regard to religious questions. With the church the case is quite dif-ferent. Her field is that of morality and religion. It is her express work to culti-vate virtue and piety. In fact, she exists for no other purpose. Whatever else she does must be genuine and purely subsid-iary to that end. It must be a congenial and consistent means to that end. Man-ifestly the state has and can have no such function. There is another radical and irreconcilable difference between the two : the state seeks to regulate or control the outward act only; the church labors to transform the inward disposition. The state, therefore, concerns itself with the individual simply as related to the whole; the church, on the contrary, concerns it-self with the whole as simply a reflex of the individual. And this of necessity, for virtue and piety are the attributes of in-dividuals. There is no such thing as a corporate virtue and piety. Furthermore, there is this other difference: the state operates as an authority with an appeal to force. The church can act only as an influence, or through its exemplifica-tion of the True, the Beautiful and the Good. It is "a city set on a hill"Ša model from which the world may learn, and, after the pattern of which it may build, if 'it will. It is "the light of the world." It may illuminate and reveal to the state and society the only path to purity and peace. But it may do this, not by striving to kindle their own light, but by keeping alive the effulgence of its own beams. Hence, with regard to the observance 