SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed in the general articles and the editorial department. "Plattsmouth is enforcing the Sunday-closing law," reports the Lincoln (Neb.) Record. Ł Max Amdusky, a butcher of Syracuse, N.Y., was fined $5 on April 23 "for sel-ling meat on Sunday." Ł It is reported from Toronto that "the law preventing barbers working on Sun-day is well observed" in that city. The church people of Port Washing-ton, L. I., "are engaged in a movement to stop Sunday fishing" at that place. The mayor of Alton, Ill., has issued an .order forbidding the sale and delivery of ice on the streets of that city on Sundays. Ł By order of the police department the common victualers of Taunton, Mass., were forbidden to sell food and serve -meals on Sunday, May 4. The Epworth League Alliance of East Harrisburg, Pa., has by a unanimous vote -petitioned the mayor to enforce the Sun-day-closing law against all places of busi-ness. Ł From West Superior, Wis., it is an-nounced that "the ministers of the city will start a crusade against the conduct of visitors in the several parks on Sun-.clays." On April 22 Lawrence Santospits, of the Roxbury district, Boston, was ar-raigned in the police court on the charge  of "keeping open shop on the Lord's day." He was fined $5. Ł Work on a large building in Birming-ham, Ala., which had been permitted on the previous Sunday by ,the mayor, was stopped at the order of the chief of po-lice on May 4. Ł Mounted policemen endeavored to put a stop to Sunday ball playing on May 4 in Irvington, a suburb of Newark, N. J. Complaints of being disturbed by Sunday games had been made by residents. . ¢Ł On May 4, by direction of the Monon-gahela (Pa.) Presbytery, the ministers of the United Presbyterian churches throughout that presbytery preached "on the enforcement of the Sunday laws." Ł Through the efforts of the Ministerial Association of Waynesborough, Pa., the merchants of that place have agreed to stop the sale of everything but newspa-pers and drugs on Sundays hereafter. Seven boys, ranging in age from eleven to eighteen years, were arrested "for playing ball" at one point. in Philadelphia on Sunday, April 27. We did not' learn the outcome of the hearings, which were to take place in the police court the next day. On May io the Ministers' Union of Hoboken, N. J., appointed a committee to interview the governor of the State "in the interest of Sunday observance" in that city. Sunday ball playing seems to 