EDITORIAL  583 ance of the day by the masses, mean an overthrow of Sunday legislation itself. It was in just such conditions that Sunday legislation was born. "Very strict" was the characterization of the Des Moines (Ia.) Capital of the following resolution which it reported to have been adopted at a district conference (Methodist, probably) meeting at Bed-ford, Iowa, on July 6: That it is the duty of all Christians to heed, not only the statutory, but also the divine law relating to the Sabbath, by refraining from participation in and attendance upon Sunday games and amusements, from riding on Sun-day trains for secular purposes or pleasure, from taking mail from the postoffice on the Sabbath, and so to deport themselves by word and deed as to inspire a general resnect for the law and the Sabbath. Yes, this is somewhat strict, but it has this virtue : it remains well within the bounds that is proper for such matters. It is a resolution by church members for church membersÑa declaration by pro-fessing Christians of what they believe the duty of Christians to be in the mat-ter; and is in the nature of an appeal to the sense of duty rather than of a corn-nkid to be carried out by coercion and compulsion. But it is evident that those who .aflopted this resolution are not en-tirelNree from the common error in this matter. Can Christians have any further duty with regard to the Sabbath than that required by the divine law ? If not, why should they concern themselves about the "statutory" phase of the matter. Sab-bath observance is not a statutory matter., and of all people Christians should be most alive to this fact. The statutory "Sabbath" is a perversion of the divine law of Sabbath observance, chiefly in that it introduces force into a matter which God has left to the conscience.  ¥ " If correctly reported in the press Gen. Thomas J. Morgan, Corresponding Sec-retary of the Baptist Home Missionary Society, and formerly Commissioner of Indian Affairs, made these statements in an address at St. Paul, Minn., on May 24: Archbishop Ireland wields a tremendous power in politics, which he is using for the Ro- man Church. I cannot prove it absolutely, but I am morally certain that in the last elec-tion Mark Hanna, representing the Republican party, of which I am a member, formally agreed with Archbishop Ireland, representing a great mass of voters, that, in consideration of turning over these votes to the Republican party, the Roman Church would be given con-cessions in the Indian schools. And when is-sues arose thereafter, and Indian officials were inclined to oppose the claims of the Romanist with regard to the Indians, they were told by higher authority that the bargain had been made and must be carried out. It is not likely that Mr. Morgan would have made such statements unless he had strong reason for believing them to be true. Those who have been obliged to form their opinions from what has ap-peared upon the surface, and without the aid of information which Mr. Morgan doubtless received, have no difficulty whatever in believing these statements. What he stated is of course significant under any circumstances, but especially so in view of the prominent part that has been and is being played by Archbishop Ireland in the matter of the American negotiations with the Vatican. The London (Ontario) News, of June i8, contained the following interesting and suggestive dispatch from Woodstock, Ont. : Several residents of Finkle Street have joined the Seventh-day Adventist faith, and accordingly keep Sabbath on Saturday and use Sunday as the first day of the week. On Sun-day last churchgoers viewed the unusual sight of a father and two sons in the field with arms bared, hoeing potatoes. The day before they had on their "biled shirts," and went to service at a Finkle Street house. The men 