EDITORIAL 229 powerful and a perpetual means of salva-tion in the Roman Catholic Pontificate." It is evident that the Pope is not aware of those " reforms " in the Papacy of which some " Protestants " are so assured. While they are praising him to the skies for his wonderful liberality, he is quietly holding to, strengthening and promulgat-ing the fundamental pretensions of the papal system. tit Within a month of the time of its declaration that " reforms in the Roman Church do not appear in decretals or on parchment, but they come all the same," The Independent has printed an article by " a Roman Catholic of scholarship and distinction and in unimpeachable standing in his church," in which it is declared unequivocally that " there can be no hope of reform in the Catholic Church while the present pretensions of the Papacy and the Hierarchy hold sway" ; and again that " reform is not to be looked for from the Curia Romana or, indeed, from the Episcopate or even from the clergy." This " Roman Catholic of scholarship and distinction " evidently knows the Papacy better than The Independent does. O While American " Protestant " jour-nals are telling us that the Papacy is on the verge of yielding entirely her claim to temporal sovereignty, papal organs are boasting that " the United States has given official recognition to the Pope's temporal power." The first offer nothing in proof of their assertions, but the latter point to last summer's negotiations at the Vatican and especially to the negotiations now in progress at Manilla between Governor Taft and the " duly accredited representative of the Holy See," whose "official character " " the Philippine gov-ernment expressly recognizes." The pa-pal organs are right in their assertion. It is strange that the " Protestant " jour-nals do not take note of the very signif- icant facts before them, instead of de-luding themselves with the notion that the Papacy is rapidly ceasing to be the Papacy. In their clamors against the putting into practise of the principle of separation of church and state in the Philippines the papal representatives in the United States have been very solicitous (profes-sedly) " that the policy of our govern-ment in this vital matter will be dictated solely by a high sense of justice, with-out any yielding to the clamors of relig-ious prejudice." If this was really what they desired they have certainly done everything they could to defeat their object. The only clamors of religious prejudice in this matter that anybody knows anything about have been their own. A policy dictated by a high sense of justice was exactly what these papists did not want " in this vital matter " ; they wanted a policy of special favoritism to the Papacy, and with clamor and threats set about to secure it. And it seems that they have obtained to a considerable de-gree just what they were after. And in this there has decidedly been a " yielding to the clamors of religious prejudice." But of course to them this is the sort of pofcy that is " dictated solely by a high sense of justice." Ł Does any one suppose that it is giving the imagination too free play to see in the appointment that has been made of a Roman Catholic to be a " member of the Philippine Commission and Secretary of Public Instruction in the government of the Philippine Islands," evidence that the Papacy is bending and bringing things her way in the Philippines entanglement? We thought this might be the case at first, notwithstanding the resignation of the former secretary and this appointment followed close upon the clamorous cam-paign in behalf of the " rights " of " the 