368 THE SENTINEL' OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY The statement elsewhere that in 1898 the nation was inoculated with the virus of imperialism is not strictly correct. It was then that circumstances revealed and brought to the surface what had evident-ly been quietly at work for some time. Men would not repudiate the Declaration of Independence in a day; it required long preparation. We are obliged to omit from this num-ber the third instalment of "The Papal Theory of the Relation Between Church and State." It will appear in the next issue. When you have carefully read this number of THE SENTINEL you will realize more than ever the importance of the publication at this time of the matter being presented under that heading. John Stuart Mill once said : "I am not aware that any community has a right to force another to be civilized." This observation is very pertinent to some present conditions. We are told that "barbarism has no rights that civili-zation is bound to respect." Well, civili-zation has some rights that "civilization" is bound to respect, and among those rights is the right not to be brutally forced anywhere or upon anything. There can be no barbarism greater than that "civilization" which forwards itself by means of the most barbaric of all forcesŠthat of brute force. Why is it that nations after becoming great and powerful lose their prestige and fall in irretrievable ruin ? This question should profoundly interest every one who wishes to be a patriot, or to be a man or a woman. It is plainly answered elsewhere in this number in the article on "The Dissipation of Self-Gov-ernment in the United States." The prime cause of national ruin, the real  cause of the fall of the great empires of the pastŠBabylon, Medo-Persia, Greece and RomeŠis something which should not be ignored by any human being, for it is first the cause of individual, personal ruin. The principle set forth in this val-uable article, and others just as good that are to follow it, applies equally to the life of the most obscuie individual and the career of the most extensive and power-ful state. The question as to how stands it with the United States to-day in this matterŠwhether or not self-government, and therefore national virility, is being conserved or dissipated by the peopleŠis to be thoroughly considered. Read these articles yourself, and get others to read them. Sunday Enforcement Suspended by Mayor Low The mayor of Greater New York did a very commendable, considerate and manly thing on April 18, although it will doubtless be regarded in some quar-ters as a lawless and anarchistic act. A few weeks ago the patrolmen in certain sections of the city suddenly became very active in making arrests for violation of the Sunday excise law, and notwith-standing the fact that the agitation in this city is in regard to the closing of 'saloons on Sunday, their operations were soon extended by fair means or foul to the small vendors and tradesmen. And, as if to emphasize the inevitable tendency of the attempt to enforce Sun-day observance, the police and "plain-clothes men" were most active in that portion of the city inhabited by those who observe another day of the week. On Sunday, April 13, fifty-seven arrests were made of pedlers and shopkeepers on the East Side, most of whom were Hebrews. All were fined for violating the Sunday law, and the indications were 