SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 333 keeping his store open and selling on Sunday. Another dealer was prosecuted at the same time, but was acquitted. The complaints were made and the evidence gathered by the retail merchants' associa-tion, which employed a lawyer to assist in the prosecutions. Ł Twelve clothing and shoe dealers were arraigned before Justice Murphy in Buf-falo, N. Y., on April 17, on the charge of " violating the penal code by selling goods on Sunday." All were convicted. Two were fined $5 and costs each ; four, $1 and costs each ; and the others " were allowed to go on suspended sentence, it 'being their first offense." The city counsel Łof Vailsburg, N. J., was recently evenly divided on the ques-tion of " permitting Sunday bicycle races at the Vailsburg board track." ,The mayor was asked by a committee of citizens to cast his vote against the proposition, which he did, saying he " was against the sport " and would make " official an-nouncement " to that effect. rŁ. The Shamokin (Pa.) Herald reports that " the Merchants' Protective Asso-ciation and the Butchers' Association are determined to break up the custom of selling on Sunday, and are proceeding against all whom they detect." On March 29 a butcher was arrested for Sunday selling, and " was sentenced to pay a fine of $4 and costs." Ł Sunday closing was the most important stipulation in an agreement reached on April 3 between the proprietors of meat markets on the North and West Sides in Chicago and the butcher clerks' union of that city. Another stipulation was the employment of only union men by the market proprietors. The agreement went into effect on May 1, 'and extends for one year. On complaint of the president of the local Federated Trades Council Wm. Hoks, a merchant of Depere, Wis., was arrested on April 19 for Sunday selling. The arrest " was the outcome of the move-ment for Sunday closing, all merchants except Mr. Hoks having agreed to close." " He pleaded guilty and paid his fine," and in a few days " made complaint against the fifteen saloonkeepers of Depere for keeping open on Sunday." eŁ Petitions addressed to the mayor and chief of police and asking that " title VII, chapter II of the Revised Statutes of the State of Texas, relating to offenses which affect the free exercise of religious free-dom, be enforced," have been circulated by the local W. C. T. U. in Houston, Texas, recently, and " have been very largely signed." The portion of the stat-utes specified is that prohibiting public sports and amusements and the opening of stores on Sunday. At Long Island City, L. I., on April 24 Magistrate Connorton discharged the proprietor of a North Beach resort who had been arrested for " running a concert and theatrical performance in his hall on the Lord's day." It was argued by the attorney that his client "had as good a right to run his concerts as had the pro-prietors of the Metropolitan Opera House in New York to run their Sunday evening concerts," and " the justice held that was a sound view of the law." a It was reported from Whatcom, Wash., on April 12, that " the first break in the famous Sunday-closing order " had come, " all cigar stands and news depots having opened their doors " on that date. At the result " the ministerial associa-tion " was " up in arms, although divided among themselves," and " the fight will now, in all probability, be carried into the courts." The Sunday-closing " war 