EDITORIAL 16T "possible the quiet enjoyment by all of our people of the day set apart both by secular and moral law as a day for rest and worship." He speaks of "this at-tempt to inject into the policy of our State a question so at variance with the moral convictions of a vast majority of the people," and reasons that the open-ing of saloons would be followed by the opening of other branches of business which "might reach an extent that would arouse the conscience of every man and woman in our commonwealth who be-lieve not only in a day of rest, but in rendering to God, who has blessed us as a nation, the homage that is due Him." The religious conviction and senti-ment that is at the bottom of Sunday legislation is here very plainly revealed. It is virtually stated that the Sunday laws of New York are a means of worshipŠa means of "rendering to God, who has blessed us as a nation, the homage that is due Him." They must not be altered nor repealed because such an attempt would be "at variance with the moral convictions of a vast majority of the people," and "would arouse the con-science of every man and woman . . . who believe . . . in rendering to God . . . the homage that is due Him." These laws enforce homage, or attempt to do so, to God, and they do so in ac-cordance with the dictates and convic-tions of the consciences of the religious people of the State. Such legislation is both un-Christian and un-American, for legislative homage to God is not Chris-tian, but pagan ; and the enforcement of the moral convictions of citizens in re-ligious matters, however large may be the majority which hold such convic-tions, is in plain violation of the Ameri-can doctrine of separation of church and state. God wants no legislative homage,  and the principles of American govern-ment are opposed to all legislation en-forcing and upholding religious observ-ances. The tenor of that portion of the gov-ernor's message dealing with this sub-ject conveys the idea that the great and terrible thing to be dreaded is not so much the opening of saloons on Sunday in itself. The opening of saloons is to be opposed because it affords an entering wedge for the opening of other branches of business. It is the carrying on of other branches of business on Sunday, and not the opening of saloons, that "would arouse the conscience of every man and woman in the commonwealth who believe not only in a day of rest, but in rendering to God, who has blessed us as a nation, the homage that is due Him." It is not Sunday as a day of drunkenness, but as a day of business, that is to be opposed. This is another straw which indicates the true nature of New York's Sunday laws and of much of the opposition that is being made to their partial repeal. In the course of a sermon on the pro-posed changes in the excise law which would allow saloons to open on Sundays, Rev. Dr. Samuel D. McConnell, of the Holy Trinity Church, Brooklyn, said on January I2: It is not the practise of this pulpit to dis-cuss questions of a political or economic character, and this subject would not be men-tioned if it did not have a broader and more general character. It is more of a religious question than a political question. I take it for granted that the sale of liquor is just as legitimate as the sale of iron, or of anything else. The question does not concern the legitimacy of the traffic; it merely concerns the general observance of Sunday. There are a few of the laws relating to Sunday which are practically obsolete. The laws in 