EDITORIAL 35 are used to pay for religious instruction in Roman Catholic or other sectarian or-phan asylums, it is just so much of a contribution from the public treasury, and therefore just so much of a tax levied upon all the people, for the propa-gation of that particular religious belief. The. American Israelite reports that the supreme court of Massachusetts has just decided that the exemption clause in the Sunday law of that State, permitting seventh-day observers to perform "secu-lar business and labor on the Lord's day," does not permit such a person to keep open shop on Sunday. "The case was one where a religious Jew, who observed the Sabbath rigorously, had been arrested for keeping his store open on Sunday." He claimed that he was exempt from the Sunday law under the exemption clause, but "the attorney for the prosecution ar-gued that there is nothing in that section that allows a Jew to keep open shop on Sunday, that he can perform secular busi-ness and labor on the Lord's day, but not keep open shop," and "the court agreed with him, and on appeal the supreme court sustained the decision." The Is-raelite pronounces the contention of the prosecuting attorney .to be "the veriest quibble," and thinks the supreme court in sustaining the contention has stooped to "pettifogging." It seems to us that the law warrants no such decision, but this is another instance of the worthless-ness of these exemption clauses. The Israelite says "it is quite probable that the next legislature will so alter the law that no court will be able to misinterpret it," and until that is done thinks "the Jews of Boston had better refrain from doing business on Sunday." For some time clergymen of Cleve-land, Ohio, have been trying to secure the passage of an ordinance closing dance halls on Sunday. On December 8 the or- dinance was voted down in the city coun-cil, and " in its place was passed one per-mitting public dances on Sunday as well as on other days after due permit had been given by the director of police." The Sunday ordinance " was defeated after hearing the opinion of the director of law, who gave it as his interpretation that an ordinance forbidding Sunday dances would not stand the test of the courts." No doubt in this matter the clergymen were earnestly desirous for the moral betterment of the city, and the council may have been indifferent to the moral state of affairs, but nevertheless the course of the council in taking the position that in regulating dancing or dance halls, it is the dancing or dance halls that must be regulated, and not the days of the week, and that the matter must be dealt with alike at all times, is the sound position. The council had no business to be establishing a varying standard in the matter; the dancing that it should prohibit on one day it should prohibit on all days, and that which it should permit on some days it should not prohibit on any day. A Sunday measure, however good may be the cause in behalf of which it is sought, is always a mistake, for it is based upon an utterly wrong principle. Ł On January 6 it was reported from Washington that "the Post-office Depart-ment has fallen in line with the Treasury and is having its own troubles with the question of Seventh-day Adventists." Ac-cording to the newspaper account, Mr. Wm. M. Wilson, of Nevada, who for some time has been a substitute mail car-rier, was recently selected for a permanent place in the service at Washington. When about to be sworn in he "remarked that he had 'conscientious scruples' against working on Saturday, but that he was perfectly willing to work on Sunday to make up the six days." The opinion of 