EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 775 Ł prison and in the public chain-gang for worshiping God according to the dictates of their conscience. Christ was a very aggressive man ; he denounced the whole Jewish priesthood ; he called them a generation of vipers; he called them hypocrites and liars ; he drove them with a whip of cords from the temple, and said he would destroy the temple itself; he undertook to set up and did set up a new religion Ł he de-stroyed the system of sacrifice and tithes so far as his religion was con-cerned ; and yet with a religion so radi-cally oposed to that of the Jews, with a teacher so aggressive as Christ was, he was allowed to preach his doctrine and attack the Jewish church for three years, and still we talk about what a bad people the Jews were. With Tom Hege's and Prof. Bassett's cases before us it does not lie in our mouths ever again to abuse the Jews about Christ, for we would hang and draw and quarter any man in less than thirty days who would come to this State and preach a doctrine half as radical as Christ did. We hardly think things are as bad Ł as this in North Carolina, but it is cer-tain that the law under which Tom Hege was arrested and sentenced to the chain-gang, and for which the people of the present generation are not respon-sible except as they permit it to remain upon the statute books, is in principle identical with that which inspired, the Jewish religious leaders in their course with regard to Jesus. The Jewish lead-ers simply carried to its ultimate con-clusion the principle which is embodied in the Sunday law of North Carolina as well as of other StatesŠthe principle of religious intolerance, of force and coercion in religion. In an editorial headed, "The Sur-viving Blue Laws," the New York World declares that "our Sunday excise law is the last con- spicuous relic we possess of that theory  of government which held that laws were to be made not from the stand- point of the rights and privileges of the people, but from the standpoint of ecclesiastical authority and the opin- ions of the preachers." And is the excise Sunday law more conspicuous than other Sunday laws, or more truly a relic of the sort described ? It is not the only Sunday law that remains. In New York as well as elsewhere there remains the general Sunday law pro- ' hibiting "all labor on Sunday, except-ing works of necessity or charity," as well as "all shooting, hunting, fishing, playing, horse-racing, gaming, or other public sports, exercises or shows," and "all noise disturbing the peace of the day." The excise Sunday law may be the relic of the sort described that is most conspicuous in public attention in New York, but it is not the relic of that sort that is most conspicuous upon the statute books. Following the above declaration the World recalled the con-ditions in which American "Sabbath" legislation originated, and to which only it is fit and appropriate : At one time all our laws were made in this spirit. As colonies we were or-ganized in great part rather as relig-ious than as political societies. There was no recognition of an individual right to be exempt from the coercion of ecclesiastical authority. One of the earliest colonial agitations called for " the making of a draught of laws agreeable to the Word of God." Thus from the first the Scriptural idea was dominant, and every act objectionable to the preachers was treated as a crime. For profane swearing a man was to be set in the stocks or imprisoned. Equal penalties were fulminated against " the abominable practise of drinking healths," and " the excessive wearing of lace and other superfluities " was strenuously forbidden. In Virginia it was the law that every colonist should attend public worship twice on Sunday. For disobedience to this law a man Sunday Laws far Out of Date 