CT CCHR112121JIV Ll o ERTYI VOL. 17  NEW YORK, JULY, 1902  No. 8 An Ancient Prediction Concerning the United States 'By A. 0. Tait THE United States has made a history that is the marvel of the whole world ; and she has made this history in a most incredibly short time. When we take into account the colossal propor-tions to which it has grown, the extreme youth of the country is one of its great-est wonders. Those who have the good fortune to live in a country like this are fond of ex-pressing the desire that the nation might stand forever. And truly a nation with such basic principles ,as those possessed by this great Republic could do nothing else than stand, provided it always ad-hered to the justice and truth that are its groundwork.. America has given to the world a de-mocracy that has been the admiration of even her enemies, and at the same time a beacon of hope to every down-trodden and oppressed soul on the face of the earth. And this same America, standing firmly upon her unsurpassed Declaration of Independence and just and reasonable Constitution, might go on amid a blaze of ever-increasing glory to peacefully teach and completely revolutionize the world. The ancient prediction, however, of the Seer of Patmos shows that this na-tion will depart from its solid principles of righteousness and liberty. The thir-teenth chapter of Revelation, verses eleven to eighteen, are a prophecy of this country. This scripture presents this na-tion under the symbol of a beast that "had two horns like a lamb." . These lamb-like horns represent the perfect freedom in both civil and religious mat-ters that was established in this new na-tion. All the countries of the Old World have always had their state religions ; and religious tyranny, as well as civil despotism, has been exercised. But not so with this New World power. It was recognized as an "unalienable right" that "all men are created equal," and that governments are established to secure these rights and not to grant them. Such a perfect government was a new thing among the nations of men. The founders of this Republic abandoned the "divine right" of rulers as it had been taught to, and received by, the majority cif mankind; they bid adieu to the "recog-nized and established principles of gov-ernment," leaving behind them the per- 