ne &gnome§ OF ClliNISTIMIN LOBERrr weekly publication devoted to the maintenance and defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore opposed to any violation or compromise of the principle of separa- tion of church and state. Non-sectarian and non-partisan in the application of principles. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Published by REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN., 222 N. Capitol St., Washington, D. C. To whom all, communications of a business nature should be addressed. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe In temperance,and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to Invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interferenc,, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be ourduty. and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may ft vly enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, per year  sixmonths  " three months  To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year Shoo .50 .25 I.50 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .70 Club rate for three and six montns in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis, Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN Li BERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. BACK NUMBERS OF " THE SENTINEL" WE have on hand quite a supply of some of the recent issues of THE SENTINEL. All of these were printed since the removal to Wash-ington. They are excellent papers for use in reading racks and for general distribution. While the supply lasts, we will send these back numbers, of our own selection, at the rate of I cent a copy in lots of twenty-five or more, or 75 cents a hundred copies, assorted. Address, Sentinel of Christian Liberty, 222 North Capitol St., Washington, D. C. A BEAUTIFUL AND VALUABLE BOOK A beautiful and valuable book that is most ap-propriate for gift purposes is the work " Journeys by Land and Sea: A Visit to Five Continents," by G. C. Tenney. " The spirit of our age is draw-ing nations and men into closer union, and a better knowledge of each other; travel and books of travel are the great agents of this transforming genius," says the author in the preface. " The knowledge of our fellow-beings, of their circum-stances, of the advantages they possess, of the dis-advantages under which they live, furnishes the best possible basis for a life of usefulness. The object of this book is to contribute somewhat to this knowledge." The book is a most interesting report of the author's observations and experiences in a journey 'round the world, starting from the United States and going westward. While the writer follows to some extent the highways of travel it has been his purpose, both in description and illustration, to pass rapidly over the more familiar scenes of Europe and America, and give most attention to those regions with which the majority of readers are not so well acquainted. These regions are: Hawaii, Pitcairn, New Zea-land, Australia, Ceylon, India, Egypt, and Pales-tine. A new edition of the work has just been issued after a thorough revision by the author-It is less bulky than the former edition, but con-tains the same amount of matter and is printed on much better paper. It contains 392 pages and so illustrations of superior character. It will be found a most interesting book, wholesome and instructive, and makes especially good reading for the young. Size 6%x9 in. and I in. thick. Beau-tifully bound in cloth. Price post-paid, $1.5o, with the usual discounts to the trade. Address Re-view and Herald Publishing Co., Battle Creek, Mich., or 222 North Capitol St., Washington, D. C. A dispatch to the Washington Post from Boston under date of January 18 reported that "United. States Senator George F. Hoar to-day was re-elected president of the New England Sabbath Protective League." A "rule against Sunday morning de-livery of milk" was recently adopted by "a newly-born peddlers' organiza-tion" at Detroit, Mich. 