THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY 639 Sunday, and frequently result in great disorder-liness and the violation of all proper popular regard for the day." At the opening session of the twenty-first annual convention of the Wisconsin Christian Missionary Association in Mil-waukee, Wis., on September i6, Rev. John B. Davidson " pointed out that the Northwestern Road had dispensed with the excursion on the Sabbath, and as it is a divinely appointed day of rest, he urged the association not to be backward in at-tempting to secure the cooperation of other railroads to abolish the excursions." It was expected that " a movement to put an end to Sunday excursions " would be started by this organization. At a " retreat " recently held in St. Paul, Minn., and attended by about two hundred Catholic priests, " Archbishop Ireland called special attention to the des-ecration of the Lord's Day in some locali-ties in the diocese, where saloons and business places are open just as on other days," and " ordered the priests to exert all lawful influence to have the scandal stopped as far as Catholics may be im-plicated." In places where the Catholics are the ma-jority of the population, and are consequently plainly responsible for the disorder, the priests are directed to promptly inform the archbishop and he will interdict these places, that is, for-bid religious services there until the Lord's Day shall be properly observed. In other places the priests and Catholic people are di-rected to work in union with non-Catholics who may wish to see the Lord's Day properly observed. Priests at different points are having this information published in the local papers. The New York Sun well says with regard to the " solution of the educational problem " proposed by the Federation of Catholic Societies that " in order to be reconstructed in accordance with such a scheme, our whole school system would have to be revolutionized." And it would  be a revolution that would be a calam-ity. It is therefore to be hoped that the Sun is right when it says that " the in-troduction of any legislative measure looking to that end would start a con-troversy likely to be fatal to the project." It is said that the new Pope is " fully conversant with the state of affairs in the Philippine Islands." He " spoke at length about the situation " with Arch-bishop Harty on August i6, and assured him that " the efforts of the clergy toward the pacification of the archipel-ago and the triumph of Catholicism would always receive the warmest sup-port at Rome." There can be no doubt of that. A ministerial union was formed at Ap-pleton, Wis., on September 5. It will " by a united effort seek to promote civic reforms, morality and righteousness in Appleton and vicinity." Its purpose is better indicated by its first action, which was the adoption of a resolution " re-question the cooperation of all the various orders and societies in bringing about a better observance of Sunday." An agitation by clergymen for " the reintroduction of Bible reading in the public schools " was reported from Den-ver, Colo., last March. We do not know what its outcome was. Hallock, Minn., ministers " have made formal protest against the practise of the farmers of that vicinity who have had their threshing done on Sundays." The principal topic discussed at a meet-ing of the North St. Louis (Mo.) Busi-ness Men's Association on September 6 was that of " Sunday closing." " The majority of what are called the working classes probably belong to the Catholic Church," says the Christian Register (Unitarian). 