PUBLISHERS' PAGE 47 illne feekell CERBSTIA111 11.SWERTY Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States devoted to the exposition and defense of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of Church and State. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matter at the New York Post-office. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance,and regard theliquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority.. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights In any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it Lobe our duty and no lessthe duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TER7IS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Single copy, per year ' $1.00 " six months  .5o " " three months    .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.25 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .7o Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts 'Sayable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address ot; the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th Street, New York City Anyone desiring an index of the 1902 vol-ume of THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY can have one by making a request of our office. Ł One of the best ways to preserve the differ-. ent issues of THE SENTINEL iS to have them in a bound volume. We have the 1902 SENTINELS bound in black cloth, with complete index, and with gilt stamp on the back. These will be sent postpaid to any address for $2.00. Ł If your SENTINEL wrapper has "Jan. 5903" stamped on it, you will receive the weekly magazine each week during this month. Re-newals should be sent in so as to reach us be-fore the close of the month in order to insure your getting the SENTINEL without missing a single number. When you send in your re-newal we would be glad to have you take ad-vantage of one of our combination offers if you desire to do so. The first communication received by us with favorable comment on our change from a monthly to a weekly magazine came all the way from Oregon. The writer says: "I saw in the Signs that THE SENTENEL is a weekly again. I was sorry when it was made a monthly maga-zine. You can do so much better missionary work with'it in its weekly form. It is too ex-pensive to distribute promiscuously in monthly magazine form. I will see to it that we will soon have a club again in our church. Please send me a sample copy." Are there not other friends of THE SENTINEL who will do as this gentleman is doing,Štry to raise a club for missionary purposes? CHOICE SELECTED WINTER APPLES of all the leading sorts and best keepers fur-nished by the barrel or in car lots. Write for prices. F. E. GILBERT, Erie, Pa. 