Religious Libert'. By G. E. Fifield. CHRIST came to set men free. He said : "The Spirit of the Lord God is upon me; because the Lord hath annointed me . . . to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound." Isa. 61 : z. Perfect liberty is found only in Christ. God's law is called "the law of liberty." The inspired Word calls that law a hedge. It marks out those unchangeable boundary lines of right between man and God, and between man and man, which must be recognized, else liberty is impossible to intelligent beings. All slavery, physical, moral, and intel-lectual, came from breaking that law. Liberty is found only in obedience to it. Still there is a sort of slavery in the futile; attempt to keep it in our own strength. But Christ, through the new covenant, writes that law in the heart, so we not only have power to keep it, but his will becomes ours ; so we with Christ delight to do his will, because his law is in our hearts. Here is perfect liberty. The per-fectly saved will be perfectly free. Throughout eternity they will do just what they please, because they please to do just what makes liberty and joy pos-sible. Now, as to the relation of the state to the conscience of man, Christ found men enslaved to kings and to priests. He set them free from both. He taught that all men are brothers, sons of one Father, and therefore equal before the lawŠequal in civil rights. Rulers were, therefore, only their servants chosen to protect them in the enjoyment of their rights. He freed us from the chains of priestcraft, by teaching the absolute in- dependence of the individual soul in mat-ters religious, and by promising the Spirit of truth to guide each one into all truth. It is true, all liberty comes through keeping God's law; but God himself who wrote that law in the hearts of men in the beginning, who spake it amid the thunders of Sinai that all might hear and obey, writing it not on perishable parch-ment to pass away, but on the fleshly adamant to last forever, who waits through the new covenant to re-write it in every trusting soulŠGod himself who did all this, still made man as free to disobey these precepts as to obey them. That men might be made thus free, God ran the risk of sin, and because God ran such risk, sin exists to-day. Why did God run the risk of all this fearful in-iquity that man might be made free? To this there can be but one answer. It was because he knew the worthlessness of all forced obedience, and that, therefore, the freedom to sin was absolutely necessary to the possibility of righteousness. After having at such infinite risk made men free to sin, that the internal princi-ple of love might work itself out in out-ward acts of righteousness unhindered by forceŠafter having made men thus, has God given any human authority the right to take away that freedom and so thwart His plans? He has commanded all men to worship Him and obey His precepts, and this command applies to each individual personally ; but has He ever commanded any man or set of men to compel others to worship Him, or to act even outwardly as if they worshipped Him? To ask these questions is to 