-NO THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. NEWS, NOTES RND COMMENT I . IMMTITTIMIVITTMITIMVIVVVVVT ti JOHN CLARK RIDPATH, the scholar and historian, died in New York city on the first instant. THE Boston Transcript of July 17 says that " the utterly unchristian clamorings for bloody retribution upon the Chinese, employing the full force of mod-ern science for the destruction of human life, which have recently been generally heard, furnish a timely exposure of the thinness of the nominally Christian civilization." ONLY a few days after the assassination of King Humbert, of Italy, an attempt was made in Paris upon the life of the Shah of Persia. Bressi, the murderer of Humbert, has declared that " it will be the Czar's turn next." It is now believed that there is a far-reaching plot " to assassinate all the rulers who have rigorously tried to stamp out anarchism.' FOUR " Zionist " elders who went from this city to Mansfield, Ohio, to hold services last Sunday were met at the train by " officers of the law " and were not allowed to leave the cars. Owing to the action of the authorities they were unable to reach Mans-field; and thus by overriding law and order the peace was preserved. THE Jewish Times and Observer says: " Conscience is a tender thing and tenderly to be regarded, and in the same proportion in which a man treasures his own moral integrity, so ought he to regard the con-science of every other man." This is true. The man who sneers at the con-scientious convictions of another testifies thereby that he is governed by policy and not principle. REFERRING to the Christian Endeavor movement, the Philadelphia Bulletin says: " It had its origin in a small, obscure New England town, and its wonder-ful growth is added testimony to the wisdom of the principle of separation of church and state which has obtained this Republic." There is indeed abun-dant evidence in the history of this country of the wis- dom of separation of church and state, but it is all lost upon the leaders of the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor, for the association is being so manipulated and indoctrinated as to insure its becom-ing ere long one of the mightiest forces in the whole country in securing practical union of church and state in our land. It may be called only " religion and the state," or " Christain citizenship," or " civic reform," but "what's in a name!" No matter what it may be called it will have all the essential ele-ments of church and state union. It will be a relig-ious despotism, paying a high price for hypocrisy and filling all the popular churches with scheming politicians. IN addition to the other troubles which are dis-tracting the great world powers, the German Empire is threatened with dissolution. Prince Ludwig, son of the prince-regent, and likely soon to become king of Bavaria, has again expressed his opposition to the empire. " Germany," says the Deutsche Tages-Zeitung, " is a union of states, it will always remain so, and the empir would fall to pieces if the rights and liberties of the states were interfered with." Prince Ludwig is said to be displeased because the emperor, in announcing the presence of the torpedo flotilla upon the Rhine, spoke of it as " my torpedo division." Nor is Prince Ludwig alone in this feeling. The Strassburger Post, voicing the feeling of Alsace as one of the component parts of the empire, says: " The navy is the empire's navy, not the emperor's. Even the expression Seiner Majestat schiff (His Majesty's ships) is not correct. The emperor's ad-visers should see to it that the correct forms of speech are not infringed. On the other hand, the Bavarians have no right to complain, for they are specially petted by 'Prussia in the matter of their particularist pride." Other papers express similar views, while others of course favor the maintenance of the empire. The Independance Beige, of Brussels, thinks disintegration impossible. The French press of course encourages the discontent. THE organ of the most prominent Sunday league in the country says of the organization that it " aims to defend and secure such legislation as will main-tain a proper observance of the Lord's day and pre-vent the strong from oppressing the weak and the 