Let no one be deceived. The spirit of seventy-six and the spirit of Nebraska [of imperial expansion] are utter antagonisms; and the former is being rapidly displaced by the latter. Fellow-countrymen, Americans South as well as North, shall we make no effort to arrest this? Already the liberal party throughout the world express the apprehension "that the one retrograde institution in America [the retrograde imperial policy of America] is under-mining the principles of progress, and fatally violating the noblest political system the world ever saw." This is not the taunt of enemies, but the warning of friends. Is it quite safe to disregard itŠto despise it? Is there no danger to liberty itself, in disregarding the earliest practise and first precept of our ancient faith? In our greedy chase to make profit of the negro [of the Filipino,.  the Philippines, or the coolie], let us beware lest we "cancel and tear to pieces" even the white man's charter of freedom. Our republican robe is soiled, and trailed in the dust. Let us repurify it. Let us turn and wash it white, in the spirit, if not in the blood, of the Revolution. My countrymen, if you have been taught doctrines conflicting with the great landmarks of the Declaration of Independence; if you have listened to suggestions which would take away from its grandeur and mutilate the fair-symmetry of its proportions; if you have been inclined to believe that all men are not created equal in those inalienable rights enumerated by our chart of liberty, let me entreat you to come back. Return to the fountain whose waters spring close by the blood of the Revolution. Think nothing of me; take no thought for the political fate of any man whomsoever, but come back to the truths that are in the Declaration of Independence. You may do anything with me you choose, if you will but heed these sacred principles. You may not only defeat me for the Senate, but you may take me and put me to death. . . . Do not destroy that immortal emblem of humanityŠthe Declaration of.  Independence. I think the authors of that notable instrument intended to include ALL. men; but they did not intend to declare all men equal in all respects. They did not mean to say all were equal in color, size, intellect, moral development, or social capacity. They defined with tolerable distinctness in what respects they did consider all men created equalŠequal with "certain inalienable rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness." This they said,. and this they meant. They did not mean to assert the obvious untruth that all were then actually enjoying that equality, nor yet that they were about to con-fer it immediately upon them. In fact, they had no power to confer such a boon. They meant simply to declare the right, so that the enforcement of it might follow as fast as circumstances should permit. THEY MEANT TO SET UP A STANDARD MAXIM FOR FREE SOCIETY, which should be familiar to all, and revered by all; constantly looked to; constantly labored for; and even though never perfectly attained, constantly approximated; and thereby constantly spreading and deepening its influence and augmenting the happiness and value of life TO ALL PEOPLE OF ALL COLORS EVERY-WHERE. ŠABRAHAM LINCOLN. 