42 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY with reference to the Public Ledger's very commendable antagonism to the "blue-law crusade." Correspondence on the Question A phase of this Philadelphia Sunday-enforcement agitation that should not be overlooked in a report of the matter is the correspondence on the subject that has appeared in the columns of the Public Ledger. Many persons have written to that paper on the subject, and we will now present some extracts from communications on both sides of the question. On December 6 two com-munications were published, one on each side of the question. From one of them, by "Fair Play," a citizen of Philadelphia, we quote : While, according to the tenor of the letters from members of the "Commit-tee of Fifty" and other religious gentlemen, the attitude of the Public Ledger on the all-important question of the day Š the blue laws of 1794 Šdoes not meet with their approval, it is to be hoped that for this reason this journal will not cease the agitation, which is gradually developing into a powerful issue. There are always two sides to every story, and while the sup-porters of the law think they are in the right, they are certainly not carry-ing out the Biblical saying, "Do unto others as you would have others do unto you." For while it may seem absurd on the face of the remark, these rev-erend gentlemen materially assist in having this antiquated Puritanic stat-ute violated. If Mayor Weaver would carry out these laws to the letter, we would see the far-reaching effects of a "Sabbath" as it was in the village of Philadelphia one hundred and nine years ago. Wealthy church-goers travel to their houses of worship in carriages, and a great majority of those unable to be conveyed in such equipages ride in the cars on the Sabbath. In every Monday morning's issue of the various papers appear the sermons of many ministers, thus bringing them into prominence.  But have these reverend gentlemen ever considered the fact that these ser-mons are taken down on the Sabbath by reporters and pass through the vari-ous channels necessary before publica-tion, all of these men receiving salary and performing labor on the Sabbath day ? The large corporations go about their work unmolested, but the little storekeepers are summoned to appear for violating the law. . . . After all is said that can be said, this senseless crusade hampers, instead of advancing, the cause of Christianity. The other communication was from the pastor of the First Reformed Church of Philadelphia, E. E. Wiest, who presented a quotation from De Toqueville, the substance of which was that he came to this country and searched everywhere in vain for the secret of the success of its institutions until he "entered the church and there listened to the soul-equalizing and soul-elevating principles of the gospel of Christ as they fell from Sabbath to Sabbath upon the masses of the peo-ple," and then he "learned why Amer-ica was great and free, and why France was a slave." Ignoring the fact that De Toqueville's words are a tribute to the influence of the principles of the gospel of Christ as proclaimed to vol-untary listeners and say nothing what-ever about maintaining and enforcing a religious observance by law, Mr. Wiest followed the quotation with. the exclamation, "And yet men are ready to make it lawful to desecrate this day!" From the remainder of his communication we quote : Blackstone said: "The Sabbath is of admirable service to the state, con-sidered merely. as a civil institution." Let us notice what the judges of our supreme court have to say on the sub-ject. These men understand the pro-found issues at stake, and they are men who would advocate such principles only 4s would conduce to the honor and glory of our people. Chief Justice 