THE GOVERNMENT AND THE VATICAN AGAIN 349 buy certain lands, and some other similar mat-ters that we are concerned with to secure peace in the Philippines. The proper way is to go to headquarters and do business there; and the headquarters in this matter is Rome. which is on good terms with the United States, and wants a good government in the Philip-pines, and religious peace, and desires to know what we want there, and is able to control the religious orders and require them to do what is wise. . . . It may relieve the apprehension of certain trembling souls to remember that Mr. Taft is about the last man who would be suspected of being the tool of "Jesuit" diplomacy. It is very kind of The Independent to carefully point out that which it thinks will tend to relieve the apprehension of those `'`trembling souls" whose "antipa-thy to Rome is as red as a cardinal's hat," .concerning the plan for which it assumes so much responsibility, and perhaps its attitude in this whole matter is very proper and very wise. But whether it be from fear or from antipathy, we fail to discover either the propriety or the wis-dom of sending this commission to the Vatican. Whether Governor Taft be the tool of Jesuit diplomacy or not, and we have no idea that he is in the sense of knowingly carrying out papal plans and policies, this affair is a distinct knuckling of the Government to Rome. So-called Protestant journals may say what they please about the propriety of going to "headquarters" and transacting business there, and may laugh as much as they like at the "trembling souls" whose ap-prehension is thereby aroused, but the fact remains, nevertheless, that when the American Government sends a represen-tative or a commission to the "Sovereign Pontiff" to negotiate concerning govern-mental business, or the business of any of its citizens or subjects, it takes a dis-tinctly backward step. It ceases to oc-cupy the position that it once did and takes a long step in the direction of the position of those nations which have al- ways bowed more or less to the Papacy, and that are always ready to "kow-tow" to the "Sovereign Pontiff." All this is thoroughly recognized by the Pope and his advisers in Rome, where the matter is looked upon as "the greatest victory yet obtained in Ameri-ca," as shown in the dispatch reproduced herewith from the columns of the New York Tribune. That this dispatch is not one of those specimens of "reckless and malicious misinformation" which Catho-lic journals claim are constantly coming from Rome to American newspapers, is shown by the letter from Rome of the special correspondent of the Catholic Standard and Times, of Philadelphia, written March 24 and published April 12. The Standard and Times headed the communication : "Commission Pleases RomeŠPope's Position Recognized," etc. We can only quote some of the sig-nificant statements : The appointment of a commission to come to Rome for the discussion of a part of the Philippine question has not followed by mere chance upon all the news about the embassies and missions of congratulation and well-wish-ing which have been the most remarkable fea-ture of the silver jubilee of the Pontificate. It is authoritatively stated in Rome that, coming in the course of the jubilee, the commission will offer to His Holiness the congratulations and best wishes of the American Administra-tion for the occasion. And as no mission of any kind has ever before come from the United States to the Vatican, the fact and the very exceptional nature of the commission will make up for the shortcoming which was so glaring at the 3d of March. If the mission does not come in the full jubilee tide, it will yet, by reason of these two respects, be as if in time. Moreover, the jubilee is of a year's duration. I have alluded to the exceptional nature of the commission. It has been well observed here that no greater compliment in this order could be paid to the Holy See than by deput-ing a mission composed of the Governor of the Philippines and of a Catholic bishop of the standing of Mgr. O'Gorman. . . . 