EDITORIAL  101 sessed by any such desire as this, and are as heartily in favor of temperance as any one. But there are some things which they regard as being as bad or worse than the legal opening of saloons on Sunday. And if in order to secure sufficient co-operation among the masses of the people to get rid of these other evils it is necessary to legalize the open-ing of saloons on Sunday, they are in favor of its being done. This is, of course, in a large measure, a yielding to the desire of which we have spoken. And this seems to be the position of one side in this matter of changing the Sunday closing law in New York. The question is not treated from the stand-point of principle, but of expediency. There is no denial of the principle of Sunday legislation ; there is the utmost willingness to concede everything to the friends of enforced religion that can be conceded and yet retain the co-operation of those who insist upon the privilege of securing beer and other drinks on Sunday. It is proposed to open the sa-loons only a part of the day, and to keep them tightly and absolutely closed during the hours of church service. Yet, while it is true that the real and fundamental question which is involved in Sunday legislation is scarcely raised in this discussion, it is probable that the religious character of such legislation was never more plainly revealed. The sentiment which gives life to the other side in this discussion, and in which the strength and vitality of the opposition to Sunday opening is to be found, is the very sentiment upon which the whole superstructure of Sunday legisla-tion is erected, and the longer this dis-cussion goes on and the warmer it be-comes the more clearly and unmistaka-bly is this sentiment revealedÑwhich is nothing more nor less than the senti- ment of Sunday sacredness and the pas-sionate zeal to have this "sacredness" maintained ¥by legislation. This is plain to any one who has taken time to make even the most hasty examination into the matter. Not only is this evident from the great bulk of the matter that is appearing in the religious press on this question, but it appears as well in many secular papers. We have received during the past month a great many clippings of editorial comment on this question from newspapers in smaller cities and towns of the country, and we find that almost without exception where a stand is taken against Sunday opening it is because of the editor's desire that the "Sabbath" shall be upheld by law. Thus, while from one viewpoint there is involved in this present discussion of New York's Sunday legislation very lit-tle that touches the vital principle in such legislation, on the other hand it affords an exceptional opportunity for calling attention to this vital principle and making plain the motive and pur-pose of those who demand Sunday legis-lation and enforcement. In a recent lecture at Cooper Union, in this city, Professor Wm. H. Mace, of Syracuse University, declared the American Declaration of Independence to have been the grandest and best char-ter and declaration of human rights ever penned and promulgated by the found-ers of any human government, and that the realization of its principles should be the high ideal and endeavor of civiliza-tion to the end of time. In answer to questions from the audience he declared that the holding of negroes in slavery was of course inconsistent with and vio-lative of the principles of the Declara-tion, and that he saw no reason for the idea that Jefferson and those who pro- 