6o6 1 HE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Innocent IV. it was but a single step to the pinnacle of papal claim as respects temporal power. This step was taken, the pinnacle was reached, the absolute unity of church and state was attained, by Boniface VIII. (Dec. 24, 1294, to Oct. 11, 1303.) "As Gregory VII. appears the most usurping of mankind till we read the history of Innocent III., so Innocent III. is thrown into the shade by the superior audacity of Boniface VIII."Š Hallam. In 1300 there was a papal jubilee. Boniface issued a bull "granting a full remission of all sins" to such as should, "in the present year, or in another hun-dredth year," visit the tombs of St. Peter and St. Paul in Rpme. This brought to Rome an immense crowd of people : at times as many as two hundred thousand strangers at once. Early in that year also came the ambassadors of an em-peror-elect. Boniface declared to them that the election was null, and that he did not recognize him as either king of the Romans or as emperor. Then, on a great day of the jubilee, Boniface himself appeared in the sight of the multitude, clothed in a cuirass, with a hemlet on his head, and a sword in his hand held aloft, and exclaimed : "There is no Caesar, nor king, nor emperor, than I, the sov-ereign pontiff and successor of the apos- tles." And when, afterward, he did recognize as emperor the one who had been elected, he would do so only upon the exaction of the following declaration from the emperor-elect : I recognize the empire to have been trans-ferred by the Holy See from the Greeks to the Germans, in the person of Charlemagne; that the right of choosing the king of the Romans has been delegated by the pope to certain ec-clesiastical or secular princes; and, finally, that the sovereigns receive from the chiefs of the Church the power of the material sword." Two years later, 1302, this was fol- lowed by a confirming bull, unum sanc-tum, in which Pope Boniface VIII., ex cathedra, declared : There are two swords, the spiritual and the temporal: our Lord said not of these two swords, "It is too much," but, "it is enough." Both are in the power of the Church : the one, the spiritual, to be used by the Church, the other, the material, for the Church: the former that of priests, the latter that of kings and sol-diers. to be wielded at the command and by the sufferance of the priest. One sword must be under the other, the temporal under the ' spiritual. . . . The spiritual instituted the temporal power, and judges whether that pow-er is well exercised. It has been set over the nations and over the kingdoms to root up and pull down. If the t_mporal power errs, it is judged by the spiritual. To deny this is to assert, with the heretical Manichaens, two coequal principles. We therefore assert, de-fine, and pronounce that it is NECESSARY TO SALVATION to believe that every human being is subject to the pontiff of Rome. "Another bull pronounces all persons of whatever rank obliged to appear when personally cited before the audience or apostolical tribunal at Rome; 'since such is our pleasure, who, by divine permis-sion, rule the world.' " A suggestion of the true spirit of that "rule" is given in the declaration of Boniface VIII. relative to the king of France : "I know all the secrets of his kingdom." It is perfectly fitting that this height of papal arrogance should have been reached in Boniface VIII., for "of all the Roman pontiffs, Boniface has left the darkest name for craft, arrogance, ambi-tion, even for avarice and cruelty. . . . Boniface VIII. has not merely handed down, and justly, as the pontiff of the loftiest spiritual pretensions, pretensions which, in their language at least, might have appalled Hildebrand or Innocent III., but almost all contemporary history as well as poetry, from the sublime verse of Dante to the vulgar but vigorous rhapsodies of Jacopone da Todi, are full of those striking and unforgotten touches 