16& THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY operation are known to be for popular wel-fare. The law of the State declares that business shall stop on Sunday, and the rea-son for that declaration is not a religious, but a practical, one. The majority stop work on Sunday for rest and recreation. They insist that their rest shall be protected on that day. . . . There is no reason that the law should be repealed because it cannot be enforced with drastic effect. It is difficult enough for the church to maintain its insti-tution of the Lord's day. The welfare of the community is at stake. There is something of dire import in this proposal to usurp the Lord's day. This fairly represents the attitude of clergymen and religious people general-ly toward this question. It is not a question of the legitimacy of any partic-ular traffic ; it is a question of the "ob-servance of Sunday." First, it is a religious rather than a political question ; next, the State legislates in behalf of Sunday observance, not for religious, but for practical reasons ; but nevertheless such legislation aids "the church to maintain its institution of the Lord's day," and an effort to repeal that legis-lation is "of dire import" because it is a "proposal to usurp the Lord's day." It is not easy to hide the religious charac-ter of Sunday legislation, nor is it diffi-cult to discover that from the standpoint of such legislation "the sale of liquor is just as legitimate as the sale of iron, or of anything else." "The need of a sacred day is in ques-tion and hence its existence is in peril," declares The Defender, of Boston, and in the same connection says : "Legal and legislative efforts are absolutely de-manded in behalf of the civil Sunday." That is, a sacred day is in peril, and therefore there must be legal and-legis-lative efforts in behalf of the "civil Sun-day." The Defender knows that legisla- tion in behalf of the "civil Sunday" is legislation in behalf of a religious day, notwithstanding it publishes an article by the president of the organization of which it is the organ, contending that all Sunday legislation is simply "holiday" legislation and has nothing to do with the religious character of the day. If those who make the most of the "civil sabbath" argument are not deceived by it, why should anybody else be deceived by it? Some Pertinent Questions In contributing an article to the New York Journal on the question of Sunday saloons, Mr. John Brooks Leavitt, LL. D., places most of what he has to say in the form of interrogations, of which there are twenty. Some of these ques-tions are especially pertinent to the, sub-ject of Sunday legislation, and we give a number of them herewith : (9) Under our form of government, rest-ing on the rule of the majority, is there any standing for the claim that Sunday must be recognized by law as a religious day? (to) Can constitutional guarantees that the state shall not interfere with the church in the exercise of private religion be con-strued to give the church the right to inter-fere with the state in the exercise of public policy? (II) If, by reason of the discord between our religious citizens as to whether the Sab-bath of the Fourth Commandment or the Sunday of the Christian dispensation is the holy day, the state should deem it expedient to enact that Monday should be the "rest day," could anyone doubt the constitution-ality of such a statute? Christian Sabbata-rians would do well not to answer this ques-tion without some careful thinking. (12) Is there any connection between the right of a church, Jewish or Christian, to select its holy day, and that, of the state to regulate its rest day? (i3) If the church has no right to choose its holy day, on what ground does the Chris- 