144 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY expiration of a year? Certain circum-stances conspired to make it suitable to suspend the operation of the law for a year, showing that the law was never a civil necessity. The only purpose that Sunday laws serve, aside from harrassing those who  do not care to observe Sunday, is to ex-hibit the folly and futility of the attempt to regulate moral conduct by civil legis-lation. There is no power in law to make men better morally ; there never has been and never can be. Character is not made in that way. What Eminent Men Have Said [We firmly and sincerely believe that Sunday the present strong sentiment which supports at variance both with the spirit and the letter  laws and Sunday enforcement, and therefore such laws and demands such enforcement, is of the quotations given below.ŠEditor.] RELIGION is in its nature volun-tary, and ceases to be religion in proportion as it is forced. God wants free worshipers, and no others.ŠDr. Philip Schaff. There are many who do not seem to be sensible that all violence in religion is irreligion, and that whoever is wrong the persecutor cannot be right.ŠThomas Clark. The whole history of Christianity shows that she is in far greater danger of being corrupted by the alliance of power than of being crushed by its op-position.ŠMacaulay. I believe that God, the Father, can take care of his own laws ; there is no need for us to gain trouble by trying to meddle with God's lawsŠto enforce them .ŠHotry George. Many thus imagined that the doctrine of the gospel requires the support of the civil power. They know not that it ad-vances without this power, and is often trammeled and enfeebled by it.ŠD'Au-bigne. Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the church, and the private school, supported entirely by private  contribution. Keep the state and the church forever separate.ŠUlysses S. Grant. Whatever may be the religious senti-ments of citizens, and however variant, they are alike entitled to protection from the government, so long as they do not invade the rights of others.ŠCol. Richard M. Johnson. Religion is not in the purview of hu-man government. Religion is essentially distinct from government and exempt from its cognizance. A connection be-tween them is injurious to both.ŠJames Madison. No human law has a right to interfere with a man's belief, his freedom of con-science, his right to worship his Creator when and how he will, so long as he does not trespass on the rights of others.ŠT. E. Richardson. Every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is accountable alone to God for his religious faith, and should be protected in worshiping God according to the dictates of his own conscience.ŠGeorge Washington. Let the Lord's day be respected by all means ; and may the day soon come 