430 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY tective League, and his introduction of the bill was "by request." The source of this request, and of the bill itself, is in-dicated in the fact, as stated by a relig-ious journal that has opportunity to know regarding the matter, that "the National Reform Bureau is doing its best to get the bill passed, and there are strong hopes of success." This is the religious-legisla-tion lobby maintained in Washington by the National Reform Association and su-perintended by Dr. Wilbur F. Crafts. It remains to be seen what success will at-tend this latest effort of this somewhat ancient religio-political organization. The Thing Has Been Done In a former number we quoted in these columns the following statement from the Evening Telegram, of this city, which was made with reference to "the position of those who hold that the sanc-tity of the Sabbath [Sunday] is com-manded by divine and should be enforced by human law :" This Sabbatarian doctrine has never been recognized in American legislation, State or national, nor can it be without violating both letter and spirit of our fundamental law. Now, it is very true that no such doc-trine as enforced Sabbath or Sunday ob-servance can be recognized in American legislation "without violating both letter and spirit of our fundamental law," but the idea held by the Telegram, which is a very common one, that no such thing has ever been done, is a very great mis-take. The statute books of every State in this country, with the exception of not more than two States, contain laws which not only recognize but very dis-tinctly incorporate "this Sabbatarian doctrine" of enforced Sabbath (Sunday) observance. The Sunday laws of the various States have existed from the very beginning of the Republic in viola- I tion of "both letter and spirit of our fun-damental law." So much for the States. Ten years ago the statement of the Telegram that this doctrine had not been recognized in national legislation would have been correct, but, unfortunately, such cannot be truthfully said now. In 1329-3o Congress refused emphatically to recognize this doctrine, but in the year 1,892 Congress yielded to the clamor of various religious forces which demanded with threats that it recognize "this Sab-batarian doctrine" in national legislation. And it was done in that amendment to the World's Fair appropriation bill in which it was stipulated that the Fair should be closed on Sundays. Any one who will read the debate which accom-panied this action, and who will look .into the causes which brought it about, will see plainly that it was this very "Sabha-tarian doctrine" referred to by the Tele-gram that was then recognized. One of the chief supporters of the measure had the Fourth Commandment read by the clerk of the Senate as the warrant for the legislation. When this legislation was secured the religious forces behind it boasted throughout the country of the great thing they had accomplished in getting Congress committed to this doctrine of enforced Sabbath (Sunday) observance. And now the very same thing, with not quite so much stir, has been done with reference to the Louisiana Purchase Ex-position; and this, too, is being boasted of by those forces "who hold that the sanctity of the Sabbath [Sunday] is com-manded by divine and should be enforced by human law." And all this is just what the Telegram declared such a thing would beŠa viola-tion of "both letter and spirit of our fundamental law." It is too bad that the idea prevails that the very thing that has been done has never been done at all, for 