SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 827 Ring, 793 South Second Street, were each .fined. They all admitted they were guilty, but pleaded that some of their customers could not get to the shop on Saturday, and that they could not afford to offend them by refusing them a shave early Sunday morning." At Norristown, Pa., on November 9 and 12, Judge Aaron S. Swartz " re-versed the finding of Justice of the Peace Fitzwater, of Springfield town-ship," in the cases of twenty-eight per-sons who had been convicted by the justice of violating the Sunday law. " Certain amusements were in opera-tion on August 16, 1903, at Chestnut Hill Park, and the defendants were charged with engaging in worldly em-ployment on Sunday as managers or owners of these amusements." As the evidence did not show that the defend-ants "were in any way interested or connected with the park either as owners or lessees, or that they had any part in the operations as owners or managers," Judge Swartz held that "it fails to support the convic-tions." But he took occasion to let it be known that his action was not due to any unfriendliness to the Sunday law by saying in his decision : Viola-tions of the act of April 22, 1794, should be punished. Every citizen who has a due regard for law and the observance of God's day will assent to this proposi-tion. This law is part of our estab-lished customs, and we must protect them as essentials to our social life. Much as we regret the growing tend-ency to disregard what are termed Sunday laws, we cannot convict persons charged with violations in the absence of evidence showing guilt." "The matter of the observance of the Sunday ordinances" was before the city council of Crete, Neb., on Decem-ber 2. "About six weeks before a body of prominent citizens appeared before the council urging that it secure a better observance of the Sunday ordi-nances, and by order of the council the mayor had the ordinances relating to Sunday observance published and dis-tributed to all the busiyss houses.  There were a few who did not conform thereto, and this body of citizens were determined that all should observe them and all places should be closed on Sunday. To this end about twenty of the prominent citizens again apeared before the coun-cil and argued the matter with the mayor and council, and made a second demand for the enforcement of the ordinances. Mayor Buck felt that he had done his duty and that if the citi-zens had any further complaint they should file complaints and prosecute the offenders. The citizens felt that it was the duty of the city government to enforce the laws. The council fi-nally instructed the mayor to put on a special police for a couple of Sundays and see if compliance with the ordi-nances by all could not be secured. The mayor was also instructed to enforce the penalties against any parties fail-ing to comply with the ordinances. The citizens seem to manifest an attitude of seeing the matter through to a finish." At El Reno, Okla., recently it was held by District Judge Irwin, who is a member of the supreme court of the Territory, that the Sunday law in force in Oklahoma "does not prohibit Sun-day entertainments given for the edi-fication and enlightenment of the peo-ple, and which do not disturb and in-terfere with the religious and physical comfort of the citizens." The ruling was made in the case of Manager Pat-terson of the El Reno opera house, who had been prosecuted "for opening the house to Sunday entertainments." "Judge Irwin held that if the law ap-plied to the Sunday theater in the man-ner sought to be shown by the complain-ants, it would also apply to lectures in churches, sermons and any other class of entertainments or religious services intended for the enlightenment and betterment of the people.. To give a performance in an opera house, where the peace and quiet of the citizens are not disturbed, the judge thought, the law does not touch. He therefore dis-missed the case and instructed the sher-iff to release the prisoner." It is said that "Judge Burford at Guthrie and Judge Burwell at Oklahoma City have 