Some Experiences in Turkey [By a native Seventh-day Adventist missionary in Constantinople.] AT last the treasurer of our church in Shagshag, Nicomedia, has served his three months' term of imprisonment, to which he was sentenced as a slanderer. But Satan was not satisfied with that, and has stretched forth his hand against the Sabbath-keepers in almost every cor-ner of Asia Minor. Believing that the readers of THE SENTINEL are interested in the cause of Christian liberty in Tur-key as well as elsewhere, I will relate a few facts. Our worker, A. B., a young man, went to Cheukanergiman and preached the message several days. Soon the people stirred up the police against him. He was arrested and sent to the Castle of Payas, where he was detained till he was sent to Adana. A friend of his gave a trial-bond, and he was set free. All this was done because an unrecognized re-ligion was being preached. Soon after this all the brethren of Adana were ar-rested on a Sabbath day while they were assembled for worship. In two days they were investigated, and left free on con-dition that they must not assemble again on the Sabbath day. After this event our worker, A. B., went to Osmaniyeh, hear-ing that several were interested in our message. He was cordially received, and a course of study began at once. Others were jealous of this, and called on the police to stop it. But the officers did not hinder him, because they saw no fault in him. Ten days were spent there, and one soul accepted the truth as a witness. Our worker, A. B., received an invitation from Bro. E. A., our worker in Alexan- drette. Soon he went there, and both together went to Kessab, an Armenian town near Antioch. The people were  moved to come and hear the truth. Two souls began to keep the Sabbath. An American missionary, at once came there from Aintab, and, uniting with the bish-ops of Armenian and Catholic churches, wrote a letter of complaint against these two workers, and sent it to the Turkish ruler in a village near by. Both were arrested, and in the company of a soldier were sent to Aleppo. There they were investigated and found faultless in civil matters. Their only fault was that they were preaching an unpopular religion. The vali and chief of the police, being broad minded men, let them go free with the condition that they should go directly every one to his place: Lately Bro. J. H. K. was called from Jerusalem to Constantinople to visit our churches in Broussa and Nicomedia. Sis-ter Aznive accompanied him as interpret-er. First they went to Broussa, then to Seuleuz. The people of Seuleuz were deeply moved to hear the message. Soon the government was informed, and a policeman was sent to take them to the ruler. They had already left the village and gone to another village. The police-man followed them, and took them to the ruler, who, receiving commandment from Broussa to put them out of the province, sent them to Yalova. There was a vil-lage near by called Shagshag to be vis-ited, but the ruler of Yalova prevented them, only letting them pass to Nicome-dia. After visiting all the churches they decided to try once more to go to Shag-shag on their way to Constantinople, but again the ruler of Yalova prevented them, so they came back to Constanti-nople. Bro. K. soon left for Jerusalem. It seems that the ruler of Yalova has 