THE RELIGION AND PUBLIC EDUCATION ISSUE 731 just the way indicated. When those who "favor the proposition" have be-come sufficiently numerous and pow-erful all objectors will have to "take a back seat and be quiet while the prac-tical statesman [the politician to whom votes are of more consequence than principles] and the competent educator [the priest and ecclesiastic] together arrange the details of the scheme" for overthrowing the principle and prac-tise of separation of church and state in the public educational system. Americans, and Christians, too, what are you going to do about it? And no bones whatever are made about point-ing "to Canada, to England, to Ger-many," for "working models" for the public educational system of the United States. "Surely we can [not] improve on European methods" if such advice is followed. The idea of "harmony of church and state" is a shrewd one, and worthy o f the cause in behalf of which it is advancej. AI', the mischief of church and state union is in it. "Har-mony of church and state" is all that the Roman Catholic Church has ey..3r wanted at any time in its history. There cannot be harmony between it .and the state unless the state yields to its every demand. In commenting on this communication The Sun indicated that it had no belief that "any such concert of Christian believers" as wac, proposed could be brought about, al-though admitting that if it did come "such an organization would be so powerful that the political parties would be compelled to take serious ac-count of it." There may be little pros-pect for an organization of "Christian believers" for the purpose proposed, but there can be no doubt as to the possibility of an organization of Roman Catholic believers for that purpose among others, for it is already here in the American Federation of Catholic  Societies, which, if not already, will very soon "be so powerful that the po-litical parties" will "be compelled to take serious account of it." The Sun said of the declaration that "Ameri-cans could not be driven into accepting the European union of church and state," that it "is simply common sense." They may not be driven into it, but they will certainly be led into it if they hearken to such counsel as is being given them constantly by such persons as Mr. John Talbot Smith of the "Convent of Mercy." An Attempt to Tone Down New York's Constitutional Prohibition But according to another representa-tive of the Roman Catholic school of thought in this matter (Thos. McMillan, Director of St. Paul's School, New York, a Paulist) it is unnecessary, so !'ar as New Y ork State is concerned, to wait for an amendment to the con-stitution in order to begin the work of uniting church and state in the public educational system. According to him, all that is needed in order to make it constitutional is a "correct interpre-tation" of the constitution as it now stands. In a communication in which he pronounced Mr. Geer's letter to be "a forcible statement deserving of pro-found consideration," he said: The so-called "prohibition . of the constitution of New York" (Article IX, section 4) has these words: "Other than for examination and inspection." It is important to state that there is considerable scope for a legal argument on the exact meaning of this expres-sion, which must be taken in conjunc-tion with the discussino that led to their insertion. What was chiefly in the mind of the constitutional convention had for its objective point the prohibition of the use of public money for any form of religious or denominational teaching, and some of the delegates were surprised to find after they had voted on the matter that the choice of 