410 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY along the line that there would be no prison-ers taken. It meant that we were to shoot every living thing in sight, man, woman or child. The first shot was fired by the then first sergeant of our company. His target was a mere boy, who was coming down the moun-tain path into the town astride of a caribou. The boy was not struck by the bullet, but that was not the sergeant's fault. The little Filipino boy slid from the back of his caribou and fled in terror up the mountain side. Half a dozen shots were fired after him. The shooting now had attracted the villagers, who came out of their homes in 'alarm, wondering what it all meant. They offered no offense, did not display a weapon, made no hostile movement whatso-ever, but they were ruthlessly shot down in cold blood, men, women and children. The poor natives huddled together or fled in terror. Many were pursued and killed on the spot. Two old men, bearing between them% white flag and clasping hands like two brothers, approached the lines. Their hair was white. They fairly tottered, they were so feeble un-der the weight of years. To my horror and that of the other men in the command, the order was given to fire, and the two old men were shot down in their tracks. We entered the village. A man who had been on a sick-bed appeared at the doorway of his home. He received a bullet in the abdomen and fell dead in the doorway. Dum-dum bullets were used in that massacre, but we were not told the name of the bullets. We didn't have to be told. We knew what they were. This seems too horrible to believe, but such things can no longer be brushed aside as they have been hitherto. The "stories" from the Philippines can no longer be treated as so many falsehoods, and those journals that have always in-sisted that it was not possible that any outrage could be committed by Ameri-cans, have been obliged to shift from that position and endeavor as best they can to patch up some excuse for what they can no longer deny, and, failing in that, to endeavor to separate these atroc- , ities from the general Philippine policy itself. Even The Outlook owns that "in-evitable regrettable incidents" have oc-curred, but consoles itself with the ob- servation that such incidents "accompany the imposition of any government, how-ever rightful, by force." And at this point we cannot forego calling attention to the fact that these re-cent "revelations" are not so much reve-lations after all, and should not have been so surprising to many people as they seem to have been. And certainly there is no reason why The Outlook should have been in ignorance of the fact that cruelty, torture, and brutality was attending the American military opera-tions in the Philippines. More than a year ago The Outlook published a series of papers on "The Philippines" by Mr. George Kennan, which it declared were prepared at Washington with the great-est care, being "the outcome of a thorough study of official documents, in-terviews with officers, civil officials, and soldiers, and the reading of many private letters on the subject." Mr. Kennan went to Washington at the request of The Outlook to obtain forŁit and its read-ers "accurate information" regarding Philippine affairs, and he was instructed to ascertain and make known "the abso-lute truth, whoever it hits, whatever it affects." And in his investigations at the War Department he had the cooperation of "the highest authority in Government circles." What Mr. Kennan learned led him to say 'these things in his concluding paper, which was published in The Out-look of March 9, 1901 : It is painful and humiliating to have to con-fess that in some of our dealings with the Fili-pinos we seem to be following more or less closely the example of Spain. We have estab-lished a penal colony; we burn native villages near which there has been an ambush or an attack by insurgent guerillas i we kill the wounded ; we resort to torture as a means of obtaining information; and in private letters from two officers of the regular army in the Philippines I find the prediction that in cer-tain provinces we shall probably have to resort 