THE "PROTECTION" OF DAYS 149 to be waged in the States of this Union under "Sunday laws." The people generally do not favor them. These laws, obtained mostly by the lobbying importunities of paid agents of clergy-led societies, cannot be enforced as other laws are. Nobody is injured by the violation of them, and nobody but those who are interested from religious mo-tives will appear as prosecuting wit-nesses. If enforced at all, it must be by means of spies and informers, who in many instances are paid for making trouble for their honest neighbors. No decent citizen will engage in such work. If a church member engages in it for a time through excess of zeal without knowledge, he soon gains the contempt of the community, which causes him to desist. In rural districts such laws are not often enforced ; though they exist in all the States, it is believed that they  have never been enforced in more than one third of the counties of any State. In some of the largest States they have not been enforced in more than from three to six counties. In some cases the sentences have not been executed, and in others the fines have been paid by sympathetic bystanders. In others, again, the oppression and distress have been fearful. In the District of Columbia it is probable that nine tenths of the adult population have no sympathy with Sun-day legislation. Yet such legislation has been advocated with more or less suc-cess a great deal in the last ten years by a few clergymen and the paid agents of certain "reform" societies. These gentle-men are anxious to get things so ar-ranged that all persons who do not observe Sunday after the Puritan fashion will be sent to the chain-gang. The "Protection" of Days By the Editor IT was written by one in ancient times that "God hath made man upright, but they have sought out many inventions." The word inventions here, we believe, does not mean what the word popularly signifies in these days, but rather the op-posite of uprightness. It means that man has discovered, or to be more true to the facts, that lie has sought out many devi-ations from righteousness, many ways of departing from uprightness. One of the most pernicious in-ventions of this sort, and one has wrought great injury to mankind, has been the doctrine, held by many otherwise "good" people, that the things of God need the puny protec- tion of the laws of man; that moral and religious truths and principles will dis-appear from the lives of men unless they are incorporated into civil statutes and made to be accepted under pain of phys-ical penalties; that the consciences of some men are so apt to lead them wrong that they must be controlled and di-rected by other men whose consciences are not one whit better as moral and religious guides than the consciences of those whom they seek to direct and con-trol. Now; in the nature of things, an in-vention of this kind is obliged constant-ly to resort for defense and support to all sorts of other inventions and devia-tions from uprightness. Wherever it turns it meets something which says_ 