222 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY not fail of the chief purpose of its prep-aration and submission to the legislature. It has demonstrated that at least among  the active supporters of the Sunday law a civil rest day law is just exactly what is not wanted in Massachusetts. The Outlook having said that the object of Sunday legislation is ended when rest is secured for all classes," the New York Christian Advocate promptly declares, " This is very defective." Most certainly it is very defective from the standpoint of the Sunday-enforcement champion. And therefore the contention of the champions of Sunday enforcement that Sunday legislation is merely in the interests of a civil rest day is very defec-tive. " Merely to put an end to business and guarantee rest," frankly says,/ the Advocate, " as we have often shown, is not the sole end of Sunday legislation." No, we should say. it is not. The sole end of Sunday legislation, from the standpoint of the class represented in this matter by the Advocate, and it rep-resents the class which 'upholds such legislation, is the maintenance of a re-ligious institution and the enforcement of a religious observance. " When these Sunday-closing move-ments are inaugurated there is always the plea that there is no religious sentiment behind them ; the ostensible considera-tions are the welfare of the employee, the needs of the physical system, common custom, the good of the state, etc. But when the ministers speak they invariably uncover the real animus of the agitation. Their pleas and arguments demonstrate that the religious phase is an inseparable part of the Sunday question, and that there can be no agitation for Sunday closing without the religious aspect com-ing in. And how can it be otherwise?ŠSunday as a rest day, as an institution different from other days of the week, is religious; and there is no escape from that fact." A newspaper in approving Sunday legislation says : " It has been decided time and again that it is within the prov-ince of a State to prohibit the prosecution of employments which are not necessary to the comfort and well-being of the people a large, especially when these tend to disturb the quietude of the Sabbath day." Exactly ! The whole story is told in this last clause. And how does it happen that such a matter as " the quietude of the Sabbath day " comes within the province of an American State or any other civil power ? " Is it not unjust to meet to others that measure which we would not they should meet to us? Is not the Sabbath day profaned when we prohibit others from doing that on our Sabbath which we do, and claim the right to do, on theirs? Is not any day too good to be profaned by such an act of sheer injustice? And is not religion itself profaned when such injustice takes its name? " We are obliged to omit from this issue the very interesting and important con-tribution that we had to appear under the heading, " The Supremacy of the Papacy." It will appear next week. 4 If it is immoral to labor on the first day of the week, then any exemption clause permitting seventh-day observers or any others to labor on that day is an immoral measure. Sunday legislation can change its base easier than it can change its character. It undergoes no change when it is shifted from a religious to a " civil " basis. 