SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  525 citizens interested, with a view to pro-moting the more orderly observance of Sunday in the State of Idaho." A dispatch from Kankakee, Ill., under date of June i 1, stated that a house-to-house canvass was in progress in that city on the question of Sunday baseball. Petitions for and against it were being circulated in every ward, and it was ex-pected that before the matter was dis-posed of by the city council "it will have been practically submitted to a popular vote." Clergymen of Concord, N. C., have asked the city authorities to have "the sale and delivery of ice on Sunday re-stricted to cases of sickness only." The Tribune, of that place, says it believes "that work on the Sabbath should be re-stricted as far as possible," but that the restriction with regard to ice "is unnec-essary and would work a hardship to the people who can least afford it." The ministers' union of Cleveland, Ohio, is agitating against Sunday amusements and excursions. Rev. Dr. Alexander Jackson, who is leading in the agitation, says the clergymen "are not cranks, but they believe in a proper ob-servance of the Sabbath day, and will en-deavor to get it for Cleveland." The railroad companies will be requested to stop Sunday excursions to and from the city. . In the Yorkville police court, Greater New York, on May 19, Max Klein and Henry Siegel were fined $5 each for vio-lating the Sunday law. One of them had sold two collars for 25 cents, and the other had sold a box of shoe polish to a policeman. They asked the Magistrate what harm there was in what they had done, and he replied : "It is a violation  of the law to sell on Sunday, and the law must be obeyed." In Toronto, on June 4, the executive committee of the Lord's-day (Sunday) Alliance "discussed the increase throughout the city of the sale of milk on Sundays as a refreshment," also "the question of public parades," and "the opening of refreshment booths generally on that day," and deterrifined "to arrange a cessation of these Sunday spectacles and of Sunday trading." And if per-sonal interviews are not sufficient "legal action will be taken." Besides those mentioned in other items, agitations by ministers and church people for the employment of the law in prevent-ing baseball playing on Sundays are re-ported from Fargo, N. Dak. ; Mankato, Minn.; Vincennes, Ind. ; Sioux City, Iowa ; Syracuse, N. Y. ; Omaha, Neb. ; Utica, N. Y. ; Terre Haute, Ind.; and Albert Lea, Minn. There were some in-teresting circumstances in connection with these agitations that we would like to mention, but space does not permit. According to a dispatch from Donald-sonville, La., published in the New Or-leans Picayune of May 24, "the consti-tutionality of the Sunday law was at-tacked in the district court by counsel for Edward Smith, who, with full reserva-tion of his rights, pleaded guilty and was fined $25." The plea was overruled by the court, and "counsel demurred that the law contained two objects, to-wit: opening a store on Sunday and selling on Sunday." No further information was given. In response to a request from the board of aldermen Corporation Counsel Feldman, of Buffalo, N. Y., recently rendered an opinion to the effect that 