EDITORIAL 7 Enforced Observance of Thanks-giving Day A RATHER peculiar piece of news that recently came from Hawaii indicates that the enforcement of the observance of Thanksgiving Day may not have to wait until the champions of Sun-day enforcement get around to the mat-ter, as they are logically bound to sooner or later. A correspondent of the New York Evening Post writes from Hono-lulu that " Judge Gilbert, of Hilo, spent a considerable part of Thanksgiving Day in going about the town stopping men whom he found at work." " Taking Po-lice Captain Lake with him, Judge Little made the rounds of the streets, ordering all men he found at work to knock off and take a holiday. When he came to where the steam roller was at work he ordered all the men employed on that job to cease work. The presence of the police officer had a coercive effect, and the men quit work." Engineer Gere, of the Public Works Department, under whose supervision the contract for the work on the streets was being carried out, protested to judge Little, telling him that " the contractor was behind with his contract, that the men were being paid for overtime, and were in consequence anxious to work." He received this reply from Judge Little : It don't make any difference. There are only two American holidays. One of them is the Fourth of July and the other is Thanks- !. giving Day. President McKinley and Presi- dent Roosevelt have both spoken to me per-sonally about doing all I can to Americanize the islands, and it is my duty to do what I am doing. They cannot work on this American holiday. If they want to catch up with the work or run the steam roller when there is no traffic to interfere, let them apply to the sheriff for permit to work on Sunday. But I cannot let men work on an American holiday. These islands must be Americanized. And so the work of " Americanizing "  the people of the dependencies means for one thing compelling them to observe a religious holiday ! The people who are " Americanized " in this way will know vastly less about true Americanism when the process is finished than they did when it began. How shocking that this ar-dent champion of " American " holidays should be so indifferent to that great (so-called) American holiday, the " Amer-ican Christian Sabbath " ! But where the enforcement of the ob-servance of Thanksgiving Day is re-garded as essential to the " American-izing " of a people, it is very certain that there will not long be indifference to the enforcement of Sunday observance as a means to the same end. The enforcement of one is identical in principle with the enforcement of the other, and the en-forcement of either is about as utterly un-American a thing as anything can possibly be. According to the funda-mental principles of Americanism civil officials have absolutely nothing to do with regulating the observance of re-ligious holy days or holidays. The act of a civil official in enforcing the ob-servance of Thanksgiving Day is in per-fect harmony with the act of a civil of-ficial in proclaiming and appointing such a day ; the first is but the natural and logical following out of the principle established by the second. The news comes from the Philippines that " preparatory to an aggressive cam-paign against the ladrones " there have been established in the Rizal Province " zones of concentration." But of course complete peace prevails ! :Ł Sunday laws do not compel people to go to church in these days, but they make it very difficult for them to do anything else. 