80  THE SENTINEL OF GHRISTIAN LIBERTY a single drop of state religion in its veins. We cannot import rulers -from the skies. or impart to earthly rulers the inspira-tion of infallibility. Governments musr be managed by men; and, if history proves anything, it proves that men are very poor managers when they exercige the civil power in relation to religion. Their positions make them despots in theory, and in practise they often be-come demons incarnate, treading under foot the rights of conscience with a feroc-ity as reckless as it is cruel." To this it may well be added that the world-wide failures of civil government to do any good in the realm of spiritual things furnish complete evidence that, however useful such government is in its legitimate sphere, its mechanism and its  only means of executing its purpose are unfitted to the furtherance of the Chris-tian religion. Not only is the civil gov-ernment in every way unadapted to the conduct of spiritual work, but any at-tempts to operate in that domain unfits it for its own specific work. No ma-chinery can do any work that is radically different from that which it was designed and constructed to do. So a wholly sec-ular or temporal machine can not do a wholly spiritual work ; and the attempt to do a religious work (a Christian work) through the medium of a secular gov-ernment is detrimental to both the re-ligion and the government. Let the state attend to its own affairs, and the Lord, through His specially ordained agencies, will take care of His cause in the earth. The Observance of Sunday THE above heading in large type ap-peared on the first page of the New York Tribune of December 2, and following it came accounts of the state of Sunday observance and enforce-rnent in the larger cities of America, and in some of the cities of Europe. 'The Tribune prefaced this Sunday ob-servance and enforcement symposium by its representatives in the cities men-tioned, with these words : "There is a great deal of talk nowa-days about New York's Sunday laws and the manner in which they are ob-served or disregarded, and the subject will probably receive considerable atten-tion during the legislative session which opens in Albany next month. It is a big question, a serious question and an important question, and there cannot be too much light on it. From that point of view the Tribune herewith sets forth  to-day some facts about how Sunday is spent here and elsewhereÑnot with the view of influencing anybody's opinion, but merely to provide useful information without color or bias." The enforcement of Sunday observ-ance is indeed a "big question," in a sense perhaps that the Tribune does not realize. It is not merely a question of political expediency, but, from its very nature, it involves questions of far-reach-ing consequence and importance. We need not state here what these are, as no reader of this magazine can long re-main in ignorance on this point. The importance of the principles involved in giinday enforcement lends interest to anything pertaining to the subject, hence we deem it worth while to make the following extracts from the accounts given by the Tribune: 