364 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY a The Philippine question is one of the most difficult, and in its consequences far-reaching, that has ever come before the American people. In gravity and political pregnancy it yields, I suppose, among all our national issues, to slav-ery alone. It is of supreme importance, therefore, that the American people should ascertain the facts, understand the material considerations and the moral and political prin-' ciples involved, weigh the consequences both to ourselves and the Filipinos of the different lines of policy proposed, and endeaver to reach some conclusion in regard to what it Is right and expedient for us to do in the premises. But for this all-important function of educa-tion we are dependent almost entirely upon agitation and discussion. When, therefore, I hear men in these open-ing years of the new century reprobate discus-sion of the greatest of public affairs, when even civil and military officials, in spite of the assurance of the Government that the pacifica-tion of the Philippines is now practically com-plete, conjure their fellow-citizens to hold their tongues and swallow a Philippine policy of us and silence, I feel that, however brave and pa-triotic these spokesmen may be, they are cham-pions of a new faith which is treason to de-mocracy, and which, if it ever prevailed, would be death to the American Republic. even if free speech and unlimited discussion in the United States had the effect throughout all the Philippine archipelago of rendering the natives dissatisfied with our present military and semi-military government, and inspired them with the love and hope of liberty and independence, so that larger armies would be needed to keep them in colonial subjectionŠthat, aye and more than that, would be preferable, and in-finitely preferable to our renunciation of the principle of free speech, of the sovereignty of public opinion, of government of the people, for the people, and by the people, which is the soul and glory of our Republic. To attack or belittle popular government, to decry free speech and discussion by which it lives and acts, is to plunge the sword into our mother's bosom because the outgoings of her heart of charity render some remote ward too hopeful independent to suit our temporary convenience. :We can live without the Philip-pines, but the Republic cannot endure without free discussion. The people have a right to talk and will talk, whatever their servants, civil or military,,  may choose to say about it. Had these servants of the sovereign people, who  now pose as masters, more wisdom and saga-city, they would perceive that in a free repub-lic it is only a' policy of despair which would hide behind a conspiracy of silence. In this connection we must mention the "sedition" law which went into effect in the Philippines last November. It forbids under heavy penalties of fines and imprisonment every word and act in favor of Philippine independence, and we are not sure but every thought, for a fine of $2,000 or imprisonment not ex-ceeding two years is the penalty incurred by any one who knows of any of the "un-lawful" things forbidden and fails to make them known. Here is a section of this law which leads the New York Evening Post to the very natural and suggestive interrogatories : "In what way does this Philippine policy differ from the oppression of Russia in Fin-land, or that of Turkey in Armenia ? was there any law of King George III. as arbitrary or as hard upon his American colonists when they revolted as this ?": Sec. To. Until it has been officially pro-claimed that a state of war or insurrection against the authority or sovereignty of the United States no longer exists in the Philip-pine Islands, it shall be unlawful for any per- son to advocate orally or by writing or print-ing, or like methods, the independence of the Philippine Islands or their separation from the United States, whether by peaceable or forcible means, or to print, publish, or circulate any handbill, newspaper, or other publication, ad-vocating such independence or separation. Any person violating the provisions of this sec-tion shall be punished by a fine of not exceed-ing $2,00o and imprisonment not exceeding one year. At this writing editors of prominent newspapers in Manila are under arrest, charged with sedition, because they have published things displeasing to the au-thorities. The Chicago Record-Herald says that "the liberty of the press, with accountability for its abuse, is ruthlessly violated by the military authorities in the 