SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 525 prohibition " shall be punished by a fine not exceeding the sum of fifty dollars and costs of prosecution, and may be imprisoned in the county jail of Cotton-wood County, Minn., until such fine is paid, not exceeding, however, the term of ninety days." It is further provided that it shall be no defense in a prosecution for a violation of the ordinance "that such game or games are being played upon property owned by said village or by any other party or parties or corporation." After " a stormy meeting " of rep-resentatives of the journeymen and boss barbers' associations of Davenport, Iowa, .on July 23 it was announced in the papers that " the journeymen would have two weeks longer to make good their promise to the bosses to close up every shop in Davenport on Sundays." Six shops had been open on July 19, one more than on the preceding Sunday. Almost im-mediately following the above meeting and announcement this agreement or an-nouncement was signed by twenty-three of the boss barbers, whose example it was expected would be followed by the others : We, the undersigned barbers of the city of Davenport, will open our shops Sunday, July 26, 1903, and will keep them open every Sun-day thereafter. The journeymen at once decided that they " must take radical action," and " invoke the Sunday-closing law against the shops that persist in remaining open on Sunday." They " feel that they have not been treated right by the authorities," who have seemed loth " to take up the cases and compel the revolting barbers to observe the Sunday-closing law." There were 125 arrests for Sunday liquor selling in Greater New York on August 2, and 1o6 on the preceding Sun-day.ŠFive saloonkeepers at Bird Island, Minn., were recently " arrested and fined $30 each for keeping their saloons open  on Sunday."ŠAt Waukegan, Ill., recently Rev. L. C. Talmage, Congregational, had twenty saloonkeepers arrested " for not observing the Sunday law." In retalia-tion, it is said, the mayor of the city " or-dered the free water shut off from the Congregational church."ŠAt Moorhead, Minn., on July 27 the proprietor of the Columbia Hotel was arrested " for vio-lating the law by selling liquor on Sun-day."ŠThe saloonkeepers of Wakefield, Mich., have been " notified that all sale of liquor on Sundays must stop." " Sev-eral arrests have been made."ŠIt was recently reported from Hartford, Conn., that " the authorities are determined to stop the sale of drinks on Sunday."ŠAt a meeting of the anti-saloon league in St. Paul's M. E. Church in Oyster Bay, L. I., on July 13, " the secretary was in-structed to notify all saloonkeepers that they must observe the law on Sundays or they would be prosecuted." " The church people " were "thoroughly aroused over the matter."ŠThe village board of Loup City, Neb., has " forced the saloons to obey the Sunday-closing law." Crystal Beach, Ontario, was " in the clutches of the Canadian blue laws " on July 19. " When the boat arrived with the Sunday papers a squad of constables were on the dock with orders to stop the sale of all newspapers." " The papers were taken off, but not a single one was sold." The constables next " informed the bath and boat house proprietors that there must be no bathing or renting of boats the next day." A later report indi-cates that " the clutches " of the " blue laws " have become tighter. The place is a favorite resort for Buffalo people, and the Buffalo Courier of August 3 thus described the state of affairs as to Sunday enforcement on the preceding day: Crystal Beach was in a turmoil of excite- 