748 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY The public tolerates this matter, but this screaming for public moneys for parochial schools, and this scheme to force upon the public schools this garb, is a thing that won't do and must be shut out. All praise to our Superin-tendent of Public Instruction, who is fair, enough to see that this garb busi-ness is but a dodge to get a hold upon public schools. Let us all preserve them. They are for the people, and are the greatest institution of this free country of ours. The proof of the pudding is in the eating. The Catholics of the United States to-day do not begin to average as well in education or morals as do the Protestants and non-religionists. Visit our prisons and see the great pre-ponderance of Catholic criminals Š 90 per cent at least, though if the ratio to population were carried out there would be only about 14 per cent. That proves that the much lauded religious train-ing of the Catholics is no good. It does not teach men moral responsibility. It does not lessen crime and criminal ten-dencies as Protestantism does. Then, all this teaching of the super-human power of the priest is not fit for the twentieth century. Spain is on the verge of a revolution from it. This school question is one of rule and politics of that [the Roman Catholic] church. It belongs to the parents to decide what they want for their chil-dren, and not for the priest to intrude himself into the home and order what the children shall be taught. This discussion seems to have been welcomed by some Catholic priests as an opportunity to express publicly (but prudently, by withholding their names from publication) their opinions and disapproval of some of the "infallible" ideas and methods which prevail in the Catholic Church. One or two other communications of this sort not bearing directly upon the question of religion and the schools have appeared in The Sun during the course of this discus- sion, and we shall notice them at another time. The Methodist Attitude Of course the most decided expres-sions of opposition on Cardinal Gib-bons' utterance were by representa-tives of religious bodies that are least in sympathy with Roman Catholicism. The most important and striking of these that we have seen appeared as the leading article in the New York Christian Advocate of October 15. It was headed, "Jeshurun Waxed Fat and Kicked." The editor explained, as if to add to the force of the other por-tions of the article, that he did "not mean to speak disrespectfully of the Catholic Church in the title, nor in the use of the phrase 'cloven foot ' ;" that he had "a high respect for the Roman Catholic Church," for reasons which he enumerated, but that that respect did "not reach reverence because of the incongruous mixture [in that church] of things which we respect with things we cannot respect"; that he had "no sympathy with those who declare that the whole Church from top to bottom is corrupt" ; and that "we believe in its right to exist in this coun-try, and would enlist to maintain those rights as quickly, but probably not with as much enthusiasm, as we would to maintain the rights of the denomina-tion to which we belong." It was ex-plained that what was symbolized and meant by "waxed fat" and "kicked" was what is stated in the second para-graph of what we now quote from the article : When the whole world was sympa-thizing with the late Pope and the Catholic Church; when the publications were sent out from Rome in the most dramatic way; when in their enthusi-asm many Protestants began to sug-gest that the time was not far off when all Christian churches could unite ; and archbishop declared that it would not when some Catholic bishops and one 