CHEUET11AM L115E2777 VOL. XIX WASHINGTON, D. C., THURSDAY, JANUARY 7, 1904 No.     The Sentinel enters upon the nineteenth year of its publication. Perhaps it will be well in this first number of a new volume and of a .new year to recall and state the purpose for which the paper was established and has been and is being published. We cannot better do this than by quoting from the first number of one of the early volumes : The Sentinel exists for the purpose of opposing all manner of religious legislation, and every principle, effort, or movement that tends in any way toward a union of religion and the state ; and of maintaining in this oppo-sition the principles announced by Jesus Christ and also embodied in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of the United States. The Sentinel is positively Christian; and as positively and decidedly as it is Chris-tian, just so positively does it maintain that Christianity, to remain pure and powerful, must never be connected, as such, in any way with the state, and that the state, properly to fulfil its func-tions, must never have anything what-ever to do with religion, as such, or religious observances. With the su-preme court of Ohio we hold that "united with government religion never rises above the merest supersti- tion; united with religion, government never rises above the merest despotism; and all history shows us that the more widely and completely they are sepa-rated, the better it is for both." And with Dr. Philip Schaff we hold that "secular power has proved a satanic gift to the church, and ecclesiastical power has proved an engine of tyranny in the hands of the state." And The Sentinel occupies this position because it is Christian, and because those who have established it love Jesus Christ and the religion which he taught to the world. When asked whether it was lawful to give tribiite to Caesar or not, he replied by stating a principle which is for all people and governments unto the end of the world : " Render unto Caesar the things .that are Caesar's ; and unto God the things that are God's." He 'separated forever that which men owe to God from that which they owe to civil government. Relig-ious duties and observances men owe to God ; civil duties and obligations they owe to the state. . . . Within the sphere and limit of man's relations to his fel-low-man is the sphere and limit of the authority and jurisdiction of civil gov-ernment. God has separated the duties which man owes to Him from those which civil government may require ; and what God has put asunder let not man join together. Therefore The Sen-tinel maintains that it is the natural and inalienable right of every man to worship or not to worship according to the dictates of his own conscience ; and that he is responsible to God alone for the exercise of that right. With George Washington we hold that "every man who conducts himself as a good citizen is accountable alone to God for his religious faith." Any in-terference with this right on the part As it was impossible to get it into this number with other matter that we de-sired to have appear, it has been neces-sary to leave until next week the report of certain interesting developments and farther procedure in the Philadelphia Sunday-law crusade. Concerning The With this number Sentinel and Its Work 