8 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY in and deny him the exercise of a fun-damental human right and to deprive him of the use, as he chooses to use it, of "at least one-seventh" of his time, which is really just so much of his life. A man's life, time, and rights are his own, and if there is any robbing to be done in the matter, he is the person to do it, and not those who assume that they can control his time and conduct better than he can himself. :Ł In a recent issue The Defender, of Boston, publishes in full the "Revised Lord's Day Laws of Massachusetts, 1902." No doubt these laws are mighty supports for the Sunday cause, but one cannot but wonder why there are not presented some unrevised laws of the Lord on this subject. We are of the opinion that the Sunday cause would be much better off if, instead of having to rely upon man-made laws, it could appeal to a law of the Lord in its behalf. A law of the Lord on this subject would be worth more than a whole library of the statutes of Massachusetts or any other State or civil power. Ł In commenting on the protest of the Salt Lake City clergymen against the election of "Apostle" Reed Smoot to the Senate, The Outlook well says : So long as the conduct of a Mormon is in conformity with our laws it would be an un-constitutional act of religious persecution to deny him a public office to which he is elected... The fundamental principle in a republic is the equal right of all constituencies to representation in shaping the laws by which all shall be governed, and so long as a repre-sentative selected by a State observes the na-tional law his right to his seat is not to be questioned. The Outlook is of the opinion that the protest presents some very good reasons why the legislature of Utah should not send "Apostle" Smoot to the Senate, but no reasons at all why the Senate should exclude him if he is sent. The widespread opposition in England to the famous Education Bill proved un-availing so far as its enactment into law is concerned. The measure was passed by the English parliament before it was prorogued on December 18. Some changes were made during the course of its passage, but in its essential features the bill remained the same. Mr. James Bryce led the opposition to the measure in the House of Commons. It will be in-teresting now to see how this church-and-state measure works in practise. Some have predicted that the disestablishment of the English Church, bringing entire separation of church and state, will be the eventual result. If so, then the meas-ure is a sort of blessing in disguise. Ł In speaking of that prodigy peculiar to American journalism, Printers' Ink says " the Sunday newspaper is an American institution, and scarcely exists else-where." The advocates of Sunday en-forcement are continually holding up Sunday, or rather its observance, as an American institution. Can they prove that it has as good a claim to be known as an American institution as has the Sunday newspaper, which they are con-tinually decrying in the name of their so-called American institution? If the friends of Sunday observance are going to base their cause upon the claim that it is " American," they are very likely to discoVer that there are some things which they oppose that have as good or better right to be than has the Sunday institu-tion. Ł Reports that have come from time to time seem to indicate that the Roman Catholic Church authorities in the Philip-pines are of the opinion that it is the duty of the civil authorities to take sides in the split that has occurred in "the Church" out there, that the government ought to give special support to the regular Roman 