738 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY is of special interest to SENTINEL read-ers: The payers of "rates," or taxes for local purposes, who, since the passage of the Forster Education Act in 187o, have had to contribute to the maintenance of the so-called board schools, which give a purely secular educa-tion, will henceforth have to contribute also to the support of denominational schoolsŠAnglican, Wesleyan, Catholic or non-con-formistŠwhich latter schools have hitherto had to depend on voluntary subscriptions, sup-plemented by small annual grants from the imperial exchequer. Although the innovation is vehemently opposed by the non-conformists and by most members of the Liberal party, the government can undoubtedly carry it out if it be resolved to do so, since the normal Union majority of about 140 is strengthened by the Irish Catholics, who, notwithstanding their friendly relations with the Liberals, ap-prove the principle of the bill. . . . It is equally certain that such a law will be a hard one to enforce, for many leading non-con-formists are advocating a no-rate campaign ; that is to say, they urge their co-religionists to go to jail by the hundreds and the thousands rather than pay rates for the support of schools in which theological views disapproved of by them are taught. If this plan be carried out there is likely to be such a popular convulsion in England as has not been witnessed since the Chartist disturbances. The writer can quite appreciate the  above relative to the feeling of non-con-formists, for he was present at a number of their mass-meetings while recently in England, and the speakers declared that if the bill passed they would suffer any persecution rather than submit to sup-porting public schools for their children which taught religious views not in ac-cord with their belief. The Congre-gationalists were especially active in their opposition to the bill. The Outlook, of New York, styles the bill "one of the most retrograde meas-ures which the most retrograde British government of the last fifty years has submitted to Parliament." Evidently there is need of a radical reform and of far greater activity throughout the world in the matter of education, and especially of religious education, but it augurs no good, but rather a returning to the evils and doleful conditions of medi-eval times, when the church asks the state to foot her educational bills. It may be seriously questioned whether the education carried on under such a system will in the end be a bless-ing or a curse to the world. The whole movement is evidently a backward step. THE object for which civil government is constituted is the earthly, temporal wel-fare of men. The government is to pro-mote the prosperity of the nation, and to preserve peace and order. It is to deal only with the things belonging to this earthly life, and not with the things pertaining to man's relation to God and the salvation of the soul. Of course, it is the duty of the government to pro-tect Christians in their assemblies for worship, because they constitute a body of citizens, but the civil authorities, as such, have nothing whatever to do with  the doctrines taught in a church or with the discipline which it exercises over its members, except in cases where public morality is violated or insurrection and rebellion is fomented in the name and under the guise of religion. However heretical the teachings of a sect may be, the government has no right to persecute its adherents or to oppress them on ac-count of their faith ; it is rather in duty bound to guarantee liberty of conscience to all the citizens. On the other hand, the church and its officers, as such, have no voice in civil affairs. The pulpit is 