26 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. The Sentinel OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY "F1ocL6n liberty throughout the land unto all the agabiLunts thereof." PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY II WEST 20TH ST., NEW YORK CITY. JOHN D. BRADLEY, EDITOR. EDITORIAL CONTRIBUTORS: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOI.LMAN. TBRTIS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Single copy, per lonths  year $1.00 six   .5o " three months  .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  x.25 CLUBBING RATES per copy .7 25 to 4g copies to one address, one year  .6o5  Club rates for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Co. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address label on the wrapper will always in-dicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the magazine, or other ir-regularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. Ł VOL. 17. DECEMBER, 1901. No. I. To Our Readers. One of the things most prized by the founders of the American govern-ment, the framers of the Constitution of the United States, was liberty, relig-ious as well as civil. It was thought by some that this sentiment was so strong in America that it needed no other safe-guard than the more general statements in the Constitution; but after the fram-ing of that instrument no less than ten  States sent in amends rents, which were practically embodied in the first amend-ment to the Constitution, designed to guard specifically the rights of religious belief and practise, of free speech and press, and of the right to petition. The men who knew the price of liberty felt that danger existe-Egways. ŠBrit after two generations' remove men were resting in the letter ; the strong, vigorous spirit that dwelt in Madison and Jefferson was waning. The few who saw it felt that the Constitu-tion would hold in check any attempt to curtail the liberties and rights of any, however insignificant. But departure from simple, demo-cratic ideals, and loss of gospel power, dimmed the clear sense of equality and demands began to arise for legis-lation to supplement the waning power of the Spirit of God in the ranks of various religious bodies. Organized effort for a union of church and state in this country began to take shape as early as before the Civil War, but the first national conven-tion was not rieid until 1864. 'The name of the first organization working for this end was and still is called the National Reform Association. The object of this organization is to make the nation Christian in its organic law; in its own words, to place all Christian laws, in-stitutions, and usages of this govern-ment on "an undeniable legal basis in the fundamental law of the land." But little attention was paid to this association at first. It was strongly ridiculed, and its utter fallacy shown by as able journals as the New York In-dependent and the Baptist Examiner; but there was little well-directed, determined opposition to this un-Christian, un-American movement. By the liberty-loving it was thought to be 5 to 24 copies to one address, one year  