b 8o  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY and drastic divorce law of the District of Columbia. Others are the new divorce law in the Territories, the anti-canteen law, the resolution proposing a treaty to  prevent the sale of intoxicants and opium to native races of the South Seas, and ¥ the Sunday-closing amendment to the St. Louis Fair bill. The Gibson " Lord's Day" Trial [In last month's SENTINEL was presented a brief account of the case of Mr. W. T. Gib-son, a seventh-day observer of Everett, Mass., who was tried in the County Court at Mal-den, on August 14, for having labored on Sunday. The more detailed account of the trial given herewith is condensed from reports furnished by Mr. Gibson and a stenographer.Ñ EDITOR. MR. GIBSON was not arrested, but was summoned to appear for trial, the summons reading as follows : Commonwealth of Massachusetts, First District Court of Eastern Middlesex, Malden. To the Sheriff, etc., Greeting: We command you in the name of the Com-monwealth of Massachusetts forthwith to summon Wayne T. Gibson, of Everett, in the County of Middlesex, if he be found in your precinct, that he appear before the justice of the First District Court of Eastern Middlesex, at Malden, within and for our Court of Middlesex, on Thursday, the seventh day of August, nineteen hundred and two, at nine o'clock in the forenoon, to answer to the said Commonwealth on complaint of Edward F. Pendergast, of Everett, in the County of Middlesex, this day on oath before our said Court. Wherein said Pendergast complains that the said Gibson at Everett, in the County of Middlesex, on the third day of August, in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hun-dred and two, that day being the Lord's Day, unlawfully did labor and work, the same not being a work of necessity or charity, and against the peace of said Commonwealth, and the form of the statute in such case made and provided. Hereof fail not at your peril. Witness, John W. Pettingill, Esq., at Mal-den, the fifth day of August in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and two. MILFORD B. TYLER, Clerk. Attest, Edward F. Pendergast, Police Officer. The defendant appeared in court on the day specified and pleaded not guilty, and at his request the case was post-_  poned until August 14. On this date the trial took place, Judge John W. Pettin-gill presiding. The first witness was Pa-trolman Harry Hosmer, who testified substantially as follows : About to o'clock on August 3rd, as I was walking along Robin Street in front of Mr. Gibson's house, No. 58, I saw him on a ladder with a brush in his hand painting his barn. I went to the box and telephoned to the chief about it, and then went to Mr. Gibson and told him complaints had been made to me of his working on Sunday. He replied that he was busy five days in the week on his team and was not able to hire the painting done, and so he was doing it himself on Sunday. He said he had a right to do it as it was not a dis-turbance of the peace. I telephoned to the chief again, and then returned to Mr. Gibson and told him the chief said he had better stop work, as the work was not a work of neces-sity or charity, and that he would be obliged to arrest him and take him to court on Mon-day if he did not stop. Mr. Gibson replied that I could arrest him if I wanted to, but that he would not stop; that he had the right under the Bill of Rights to do that work, and that it was a matter of principle with him as well as of necessity, and that the work was in a sense a work of charity. I told him I did not want to arrest him, but as complaint had been made I was obliged to report him to the chief. He then went on with the work, and I returned to the box and reported to the chief, who said, "All right." The witness was then cross-examined by Mr. Gibson, who conducted his own defense. He said he had known the de- 