438 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY and sent to the legislature read as fol-lows : Resolved, That we hereby express our sur-prise, very much akin to disgust, as we con-template that our honored. State of Massa-chusetts, to which the whole country looks for example and leadershipŠand rightly soŠin all matters of learning, education and advance-ment, especially in the matter of law, should not only have on its statute books to-day a sixteenth century blue law, but actually enforce the same, especially in Boston, the Athens of America and the great seat of learning, culture, advancement, independent thought and origi-nal investigation. At a meeting composed largely of church members and addressed by a number of ministers, prominent among them being Rev. F. L. Goodspeed, of the New England Sabbath (Sunday) Pro-tective League, held in Springfield on the evening of May 4, the pending measure was vigorously denounced, and a long "appeal," protesting against its passage and demanding at least its postponement "until a fuller and more general expres-sion of public sentiment may be obtain-ed," was adopted and sent to the govern-or and each member of the senate. It was declared that the bill was "an out-rage on Christian sentiment of the Com-monwealth," and was "frivolous in its pretentions, inconsistent in its argument, unconstitutional in its substance, and clearly at variance with other eminently worthy determinations of your honorable body." The document ended with the devout( ?) sentence, "God save the Com-monwealth of Massachusetts," and a por-tion of it read as follows : As regards the relation of this bill to public rights, it is an infringement of the liberty and equity of trade. It establishes a privilege and creates a monopoly in law in violation of that important provision in the Constitution of the United States which withholds the power to legislate on behalf of particular persons or classes of the people. The proposed measure specifically names the class of traders to whom  this privilege shall be granted and should any other citizen of the Commonwealth open his shop or store in other commodities he is pun-ishable by law of the same Commonwealth. The proposed legislation is, therefore, neither constitutional nor final. It must be logically and legally but one of a series of acts which shall in succession legalize all pursuits on the Lord's day. At a time when there is much perplexity and some hardship on account of trusts and monopolies, it appears to us to be a grave error if the State, pre-eminent in the Union for its order, the stability of its institu-tions, and the equity of its laws, should create a privilege for a particular class, and set the example of the establishment of a legal mo-nopoly. With regard to the constitution of this Commonwealth, be believe that the proposed legislation is subversive of "the worship of the Supreme Being, the Great Creator and Pre-server of the universe." The Hampden (County) Conference of Congregational Churches, assembled at Chicopee on May 7, also adopted and sent to the senate a strong protest against the passage of the bill. It was set forth that the petitioners represented forty-seven churches and 9,000 members, and the reasons given for their opposition to the bill were, in brief, (t) that "the arti-cles specified in the bill are not necessi-ties, but luxuries ;" (2) that "it opens the door still wider for the secularization of the Lord's day ;" (3) that "it is a men-ace to the public health, because a man worn and jaded with labor seven days in the week is in no condition for the re-sponsible and exacting work of com-pounding medicines for the sick;" (4) that "it is unjust to the laboring classes," in that "by making it necessary for one class of toilers to work on the Lord's day it encourages the same demand on the part of other employees of labor, and so leads on toward industrial slavery;" and (5) that "the bill is class legislation," in that "it establishes a monopoly and places that monopoly in the hands of a special class of tradesmen specified in the bill," 