THE OBSERVANCE OF SUNDAY  83 "Small stores of many kinds keep open until noon, notably the grocers, the bakers and many haberdashers. In the summer season baseball engages the at-tention of a large share of the citizens on Sunday, and in the fall and winter months football, coursing, shooting tournaments and skating." Strict Enforcement in Massachusetts "The Sunday laws of Boston are probably better observed than any simi-lar requirements in any other large city of the country. The old laws of the colonies have become partly superseded, and, in some instances, repealed. In 1888 seventeen exceptions were inserted in the statute relative to the Lord's day. These embrace the following particulars : "The manufacture and distribution of steam, gas or electricity for illuminating purposes, heat or motive power, the dis-tribution of water for fire or domestic purposes, the use of the telegraph or telephone, the retail sale of drugs and medicines, articles ordered by the pre-scription of a physician, mechanical ap-pliances used by physicians or surgeons, the letting of horses and carriages, the letting of yachts and boats, the running of steam ferryboats on established routes, or of street railway cars, the preparation, printing and publishing of newspapers, the sale and delivery of newspapers, the wholesale or retail sale and delivery of milk, the transportation of milk, the making of butter and cheese, the keeping open of public bathhouses, the making or selling by bakers or their employes of bread or other food usually dealt in by them, before 10 o'clock in the morning and between the hours of 4 o'clock and 6:30 o'clock in the even-ing. "In 1898 the feature of the statute lim- iting the running of steamboats on Sun-day was broadened; and in the year fol-lowing the sale of tobacco in hotels, eating houses and at news stands on the Lord's day was legalized. "In 1895 the New England Sabbath Protective League was organized; and its first effort was made against secular entertainments in theatres on Sunday evenings. At that time several theatres were open, giving all kinds of perform-ances. But the league succeeded in hav-ing a bill passed by the legislature, which became a law, prohibiting secular enter-tainments on the Lord's day, except 'a concert of sacred music or an entertain-ment given by a religious or charitable society, the proceeds of which, if any, are to be devoted exclusively to a chari-table or religious purpose.' "Last year fourteen different anti-Sun-day law bills were introduced in the Massachusetts legislature, all of which were defeated by the league and its friends. One of these measures would have legalized golf games and other simi-lar diversions. "The feeling in Boston would not tol-erate the opening of saloons on Sunday for any part of the day. In fact, the en-forcement of the Sunday closing law in Boston is gratifying to its friends. "It may be added that the exception relative to theatrical and musical per-formances has been the cause of occa- sional illegal and demoralizing affairs given generally in the name of charity. One of the favorite dodges of the amend- ed statute is the 'sacred concert,' which is often neither sacred nor even a con-cert. "The New England Protective League is closely watching these evasions of law, and frequently obtains conviction of guilty persons. 