482 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. guishes between right and wrong in conduct and char-acter, and which imperatively commands and obliges him to do the right and abstain from doing the wrong; the moral nature; moral faculty; moral sense." "2. Conviction of right or duty; conformity in conduct to one's views of right and wrong, or the moral standard ; scrupulosity ; as, a man of con-science." Webster's Unabridged Dictionary, edition of 1891, says of conscience : "The faculty, power, or inward principle which decides as to the character of one's own actions, purposes, and affections, warning against and condemning that which is wrong, and approving and prompting to that which is right ; the moral facul-ty passing judgment on one's self; the moral sense." "Conscience," says Cruden, "is the testimony and secret judgment of the soul, which gives its approba-tion to actions that it thinks good or reproaches it-self with that which it believes to be evil." Conscience is of course a creature, or more prop-erly speaking, a product, of education. The mind ac-cepts some moral standard by which the conscience tests every act ? If the moral standard is wrong, of Course any judgment based upon that standard must be wrong also. Among Christians the divine law is the standard by which the quality, not only of acts, but of mo-tives, is determined. Any act done, or thought in-dulged, in violation of the individual's understanding of the divine law, is condemned by the conscience. Therefore, to preserve "a conscience void of offense" one must do that which his own judgment approves as in accordance with the divine law, or with that which he has received as the standard of right. The man whose mind has been satisfied that the fourth commandment, or any other commandment, is of present obligation, must obey that commandment or suffer the pangs of a guilty conscience. Conscience may be violated until it becomes less active than before. This condition is described in the Scriptures, as "a conscience seared with a hot iron." Unbelief of the Scriptures leaves the conscience without any certain standard by which to judge of the moral quality of acts, thoughts, or motives. This is why there is so little real regard paid to any day as a Sabbath. It is because there is no clear-cut, set-tled conviction that any day has the sanctions of the divine law. In the absence of settled conviction, cus-tom, convenience, circumstances, anything almost, is permitted to have its influence in determining the  day and the manner in which it shall be observed ; un-til the masses of the people have come to have very lax ideas in regard to Sabbath observance. This evil is due to arguments put forth by religious teachers to prove (I) that the fourth commandment was of obligation only upon the Jews ; (2) that it was changed ; (3) that it applied to no particular day but only to one day in seven, etc. In the presence of these conflicting theories many persons have become perplexed and have grown care-less as to the observance of any day. They natur-ally feel annoyed that others should have scruples where they have none. It gives them some twinges of conscience, and disturbs their peace of mind. They are naturally not so much annoyed at the course of those who are less strict than themselves ; but when any one observes a day more strictly than they do, and can cite a "thus saith the Lord" in support of his practiceŠas the Sabbatarian canŠthis disturbs them' wonderfully. It is a quiet yet powerful condemna-tion of their course, which they do not enjoy; hence various measures of persecution, in retaliation, as it were. To the Saviour one of the lawyers said on one occasion, "Master, thus saying thou reproachest us." So in effect the Sunday keeper says to the man who keeps the seventh day " according to the command-ment," "Thus doing thou reproachest me. If you are right I am wrong; and I propose if possible to 'si-lence' your condemning testimony." In those States having Sunday laws without exemption clauses, this is attempted by prosecuting for Sunday work the ob-server of the seventh day. In many other States the rebuked Sunday keeper must be content with using such weapons as social ostracism, sneers, threats of committing to insane asylums, etc. But with the apostle, the man who is sure that he is living in obe-dience to the divine law, can say, "None of these things move me." B. The chief hindrance in the way of an immediate advance to Peking by the forces of civilization, to rescue the beleagured foreigners there, if they be still alive, appears to be the jealousies and mutual distrust of the "Christian nations." THERE may be union of church and state just as truly without an established church as with one. The essential evil of the thing is in attempting to propagate religion by force. 