THE GREAT SUBJECT OF SUNDAY LEGISLATION 2r9 present situation is not fortuitous, but in-evitable. Adequate and imperative causes lie back of all such results in his-tory. The evolution of fundamental principles creates such crises, and these come with little regard for our choices, though our experiments and mistakes may hasten or retard them. Epochs and crises are the verdicts of history concern-ing the plans and theories of men. To escape from these verdicts is impossible. To persist in a given course against them is ruinous. Neither prayers, creeds, nor ballots can check the evolution of history or discount their final results. Sunday legislation began in the pagan state church of the Roman Empire, as the following pages show. To the Romans religion was only a department of civil government. The emperor had absolute power to appoint days in honor of the gods, and the first Sunday edict was purely pagan in honor of the Sun God. Much of the genius of the Roman Em-pire passed into the first great state churchŠthe Roman Catholic. Legisla-tion touching Sunday and many associate days was a prominent feature in the his-tory of that church through the centuries of . its supremacy in Europe. The re-formers of the sixteenth century contin-ued such legislation. Puritanism invent-ed a new religious theory of Sunday ob-servance and supported it by rigid civil laws. These were fully enforced under the theocracy of the colonial period in America. From that time to the present the evolution of Sunday legislation in the United States has gone forward rapidly, and the following verdicts now demand consideration : ( 1) The successful enforcement of Sunday legislation has never been at-tained except when men have had con-scientious regard for it because imposed by the state church, as under Roman  Catholic rule, or because of divine au-thority believed to be embodied in the civil law, as under Cromwell and in the New England theocracy. (2) The evolution of Sunday legisla-tion under the state-church system in Europe has resulted in the "Continental Sunday." That result was inevitable. (3) Christians and non-Christians now agree that Sunday laws cannot be en-forced on religious grounds; neverthe-less, the Sunday laws continue to be self-contradictory by making things which are intrinsically good and desirable up to 12 o'clock on Saturday night criminal for the next twenty-four hours. A law which makes it a crime not to be idle for a spe-cific number of hours in each week can-not stand the tests of logic and common sense in this twentieth century. (4) Enforced idleness, under Sunday laws, strengthens the saloon and the brothel, and makes Sunday their best harvest-time. This is one reason why the saloon seeks for legalized opening. (5) The worst evils of the present time will continue and increase until idle-ness on Sunday is made permissive and not compulsory. Compelling all men to,  be idle on a given day, when religiousŁ convictions do not demand idleness, fos-ters the lower types of holidayism and debauchery. The situation in New York City is an index of the situation in all our larger cities. (6) Two alternatives are at the door, and the American people must choose be-tween them: (a) The strengthening and perpetuat-ing of the liquor traffic and its associate evils, through the present system of com-pulsory idleness on Sundays and legal-ized saloons on all other days. (b) A new departure which will se-cure permissive and protected rest to each employed person for one day in the 