90  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY cing labor on these days a crime would be an act of tyranny, an unwarranted in-terference with the liberty of citizens ; and therefore we see no defense whatever for Sunday legislation in this holiday argu-ment. Sunday Legislation and "the Right to Limit the Hours of Labor" We come now to the other features of this "civic basis" argument, and will have to consider them briefly. The next point is the right of the State to limit the hours of labor. We are not disposed to say that the State has no such right, but we are sure that there are limits to this right, and that its exercise is justifiable only for the protection of human rights and the prevention of injustice between man and man. Legislation limiting the hours of labor in factories, etc., is not enacted with reference to the "protection" of time and days ; it has to do with the protection of men, women and children. The law which prohibits the factory owner or railway company from keeping their em-ployees at work more than a certain number of consecutive hours is designed to protect workmen, and especially women and children, from the imposition of heartless employers. It has no such idea connected with it as that there are certain hours in the day when it is proper to carry on secular labor and certain other hours that need to be "protected" from the "encroachments" of such labor. The laws limiting the hours of labor dif-fer from Sunday laws in that they have as their object the protection of rights which it seems are defenseless without such special legislation, while Sunday legislation is designed to protect a day regardless of human rights. The one limits the hours of labor; the other pro-hibits labor entirely. The one is passed in response to the requests of those who  can show positively that without it their rights will be infringed and they will be reduced to a situation little better than that of slaves ; the other is passed and is maintained in response to the demands, not of workmen, but of those who cannot show that their rights are menaced in the slightest degree by the absence of such legislation. The one rests upon the broad foundation of human rights ; the other rests upon the irrational subterfuge that a day needs the protection of law. But this matter of regulating the hours of labor is a very delicate one, and any fair minded person will acknowledge that such regulation must be done with the greatest care. If the objectÑthe protec-tion of rightsÑis lost sight of, the way is open for grave abuses. Such legislation is justifiable only when it is unmistakably in behalf of human rights. The law in such cases may require that employees shall not be required to labor more than a certain number of consecutive hours each day, but it has no right to make labor itself a crime, and to compel a man to be idle when he desires to work. Such an act is beyond the reasonable power of the State, and therefore Sunday legisla-tion is beyond the reasonable power of the State. The law which secures the Saturday half-holiday to workmen is similar to the legislation above referred to, but it has no similarity to, and affords no justifica-tion whatever for, Sunday legislation. We are willing to agree with Senator Hoar that to the extent that the State has the right to secure the Saturday half-holiday to factory em-ployees that just to that extent it has the right to secure the Sunday holiday to them, if they desire it also. But as the State has no right to make labor in itself a crime on Saturday afternoon, and 