784 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY phases, but who has seen active service in labor. That question is becoming more behalf of the principles of religious lib-  serious all the time, and there is every erty not only in the United States but indication that in spite of all the well-elsewhere. He has but recently returned meant efforts to provide a remedy, it will from Australia where he lived for several not stop short of those desperate and vio-years, and while there it was his privilege lent lengths to which such disputes in to have an active part in the efforts of the other countries and in other times have friends of religious liberty in that coun-  gone. But though this may be true, it try which resulted in the insertion in the is right that all that can be done to stay constitution of the new Federal Com-  the social cataclysm should be done. But monwealth "a clause guaranteeing per-  unless enough individuals, both in the fect freedom in religious mattersŠas ranks of labor and capital, determine to strong a declaration as could possibly be forget their own interests and think of made so far as the general government the interests of the other class, at least is concerned." One article will give the sufficiently to treat it with justice, the interesting story of this clause from its evil day cannot be stayed. origin to its adoption by the Federal Convention. In a recent public address' on temper- ance Bishop Potter declared that for At one time during October there himself he "should be perfectly willing to were serious labor troubles requiring the submit any Sunday law that we haveŠuse of the military not only in the United whatever traffic it regulates or represses States, but in the two other leading re-  on whatever sacred day of the weekŠto publics of the world, France and Swit-  a vote of the people of this town who zerland. In the United States, besides the have a right to vote, confidant that every great strike in the anthracite coal regions, hallowed interest would be protected, and there were strikes accompanied by riots that the day of unbridled license which and requiring troops to preserve order in many so confidently predict would never New Orleans and in Albany, N. Y. It dawn." There is certainly more sense was only last spring that representatives and consistency in the position that every of labor and capital met in conference in legislative restriction and prohibition of New York City and, after friendly dis-  Sunday traffic should be submitted to cussion, appointed an arbitration board to vote, than that merely one regulation deal with labor disputes, it being an-  should be submitted to vote, and that One nounced that that step virtually meant with regard to such a traffic as the liquor that there were to be no more great bat-  traffic. Commenting on the above utter-tles between capital and labor in the ance, the Christian Work and Evangelist United States. And yet the greatest in-  says that "perhaps, could the people vote dustrial struggle that the country has ever upon the measure, they would not reject known has taken place since, and the ar-  a bill providing a license to sell beer bitration board appointed to deal with only," but adds that "as the law now is just such troubles was not able to do the the great liquor interests have succeeded first thing toward bringing about a set-  in preventing any distinction between tlement of the dispute. These plans for houses to sell beer and distilled liquors." arbitration are good, but he is short-  And it might be added that as the law sighted, indeed, who imagines they will now is the great church interests have solve the great question of capital -and and do succeed in preventing not only any 