  /0.olfoe'll OF allEUSTLIAR, IllED3E27 TY VOL. XIX WASHINGTON, D. C., JANUARY, 28, 1904 No. 4 The Philadelphia Sunday-Enforcement Crusade Halted The Chief Method of Procedure Held Unlawful by Ike Court of Quarter SessionsŠMore Correspondence Concerning the Czusade T seems impossible to bring the record of the Philadelphia Sunday-enforcement crusade and agitation to a clone, but we hope and believe that this is done with what is presented this week. We have declared in the course of the record that the work of "law" enforcement which the Philadelphia "Sabbath" Association has been prose-cuting so zealously and persistently in that city was illegal. We did not mean that it was illegal under the Sunday law itself, but we meant that the whole thingŠthe Sunday law, its enforce-ment, and all connected therewithŠwas illegal under the supreme law of the State. But we might have declared that the work of the "Sabbath" Asso-ciation, or the most essential part of it, has been illegal under the Sunday law itselfŠthat in its crusade of oppression and persecution of shopkeepers for vio-lating the Sunday law the "Sabbath" Association has deliberately and sys-tematically caused to be violated the very "law" which it has enforced, and for the strict observance of which it pro-fesses to stand. We ate warranted in saying this by a decision rendered by Judge Martin of the Court of Quarter Sessions on January 8. This decision, with the exception of that rendered by  Judge Gorman last spring, is the most noteworthy thing in the whole course of this Sunday-enforcement agitation in Philadelphia. As we reported two,  weeks ago, an interesting development of late has been prosecution of some of the "Sabbath" Association agents by some of their victims. The first of these prosecutions was instituted against Al-bert J. Hoover, one of the most promi-nent and active representatives of the "Sabbath" Association in the crusade, and it was in his case that the decision to which we refer was rendered. The Matter was thus described by the Public Ledger: Hoover was prosecuted and con-victed for buying a cigar on Sunday. He made the purchase for which he was arrested as an agent for the Sab-bath Association, and to obtain evi-dence of violation of the blue laws. On similar evidence the crusaders against Sunday selling during the past year have had, it is said, fines aggregating-over $11,000 collected from small shop-keepers. The prosecutor in Hoover's case was the Business Men's Protective Association, for which Bernard F. Owens was the attorney. It was al-leged that Hoover was receiving pay for obtaining evidence for the Associa-tion, and thus was engaged in a worldly employment on Sunday. Magistrate C. Harry Fletcher, before whom he was 