248 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY discussed." "C. H. Deere came in for commendation because he had said that the bowling alley in the Deere building must be kept closed Sundays. A com-mittee of two was appointed to see if the petition for maintaining the billiard halls on Sabbath could not be withdrawn from the city council. Rev. Bryant, of the Baptist church, suggested that the clos-ing of the billiard halls was a minor mat-ter compared with that of keeping butch-er-shops and grocery stores open on Sun-day, thus depriving clerks of part, at least, of the day of rest. The additional duty of looking this matter up was given the members of the committee. At the Swedish Union gospel meeting, resolu-tions condemning the opening of billiard halls in Moline on Sunday were unani-mously adopted." Three Italians were recently arraigned before Alderman Atkinson in Carbon-dale, Pa., and fined $5 and costs each. "The charge was selling confectionery on the Sabbath." At the same time a warrant was issued against a member of the firm of Bletus Brothers, confection-ers, who was in New York at the time. On his return he was fined. On the fol-lowing Sunday, according to the Scran-ton Tribune, "a local clergyman, who happened in the store, asked the proprie-tor if he was selling goods. The answer was, 'Yes,' and that he would continue to do so every Sunday. Accordingly a second warrant was served on him for desecrating the Sabbath." It is peculiar how clergmen who pretend that it is such a terrible thing to have a store open on Sunday will happen to be in such stores on Sunday. But no doubt they feel that if they go as spies and informers they are thereby absolved from all guilt and con-tamination that might otherwise be theirs for setting foot in such unholy precincts. "For the enlightenment of all who are interested in the subject," the Middle- town (Ohio) Signal, of February 1o, published in full the ordinances relating to the matter of Sunday observance. There were two, one of them containing two sections and the other eight. The shorter one prohibits the sale of intoxi-cating liquors on Sunday, except by a druggist on the wriften prescription of a physician. The longer ordinance is en-titled: "An ordinance to prevent com-mon labor on the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday," and the first section reads as follows: Be it ordained by the council of the city of Middletown: That whoever being over four-teen years of age engages in common labor on Sunday (works of necessity and charity ex-cepted) shall, on complaint made within ten days thereafter, be fined not more than five dollars; but this section does not extend to those who conscientiously observe the seventh day of the week as the Sabbath. Other sections prohibit all sorts of sports and public exhibitions, hunting, fishing, the opening of all sorts of stores and places of business, barbering, etc. The ordinance was passed in 1892. Ł The subject of Sunday street-cars has been a live one in Winnipeg, Manitoba, of late. An animated discussion as to the advisability of recommending to the legislature that the question be submitted to a referendum of the rate-payers took place at a meeting of the city council on February io. Some of the aldermen, who had recently visited the United States, declared that "every little town and village over there has them" (Sun-day cars), and that they could see no reason why "one of the finest cities on the continent should not be up-to-date." Others declared that "we don't take the United States as a criterion to go by," and that if Sunday street-cars were per- 