L§annakell OF CifELTITAII Lamesin' Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States especially devoted to the maintenance of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard theliquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it Is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be ourduty,and no lessthe duty ()fall others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, per year Elmo six months  .5o three months  .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.5o CLUBBING RATE. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  per cop y. .70  Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. CorŁ respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINIL oP Czassnart Li DIRTY without having ordered it. may know that it is Ł sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Money Crder or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pasific Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., It West 20th StreeaNew York City Orders for our "Power of Love and Love of Power" number of THE SENTINEL have just about reached the 45,000 mark. We would be glad to see it touch 5o,00o. Let our friends work a little longer and this can be done. Ł Many of our subscribers after reading the March 12th SENTINEL are sending in for ad-ditional copies. The following letter, just re-ceived, is illustrative of this point: "After reading the `Power of. Love and Love of Power' number of THE SENTINEL, and recognizing the importance of the paper, I decided to sell single copies. Enclosed find $2.5o for which send me Zoo copies of that number." Several have written that they purchased a supply of the March 12th SENTINEL with the idea of giving them away, but that instead they sold them. The reports are that they were easy to sell. We would be glad to correspond with those who will take up this line of work. Ł A number of Religious Liberty Conventions are being held at different points in the State of Iowa. We have just learned that one re-cently held in Des Moines was largely at-tended, and much interest was manifested in this question. An effort to further the circula-tion of THE SENTINEL was made, with the re-sult that a score, lacking one, of subscriptions was secured. We are waiting with interest to see reports of the other conventions held. Ł MORE than ever do I appreciate THE SEN-TINEL since it has become a weekly visitor to my house. , J. M. FLus. Ifandolle,Guitar, Banjo and Tither Players. Send ten cents silver tor a sample copy of THE CADENZA, Monthly Music Magazine. Each issue contains new music worth 50 cents alone. send to day. C. L. PASTES Music Co., 6 E. 14th St., N. Y. City. VOL 