TrTh ferellmoll OF Cff2llASTBAIV 1,1133 EMT' Vol.. XVIII NEW YORK, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1903 No. 40     Catholicism's "Solu- Among the resolu- tion of the Educa- tions adopted at the tional Problem" late annual conven- tion of the American Federation of Cath-olic Societies, the powerful and growing organization through which Catholicism in the United States is seeking to mold and control public action in its interests, was this one on "Christian education " : Resolved, That we observe with deep satis-faction the gradual growth among our non-Catholic fellow-citizens of the conviction that religious instruction of some sort in the school is absolutely necessary for the welfare of our country. Witness the discussions of the Na-tional Educational Association and of the Re-ligious Educational Association, both of which fully justify the position maintained by us Catholics for the past half century. We note with pleasure that, while the pupils in our parish schools receive a thorough religious training, their proficiency in secular studies is not inferior, but, in many cases, superior to that of the public school children. Convinced that we are not called upon to suggest plans for the various non-Catholic denominations, we propose this solution of the educational problem, so far as we are concerned : First, let no public moneys be paid out for religious instruction in any school ; second, let the edu- cational per capita tax be disbursed for results in purely secular studies only in our parish schools, our teachers receiving their salaries as other teachers receive theirs; third, to as-certain these results let our schools be submit- ted to State examinations. Thus will the great principle of our government, ' No public moneys for sectarian purposes," be preserved in tact. In this we have the educational plank of the Catholic religio-political platform Šsuch a pronouncement on this matter of religion and public education as Ca- tholicism is ready now to have officially presented to the country as its position and demand, and what it proposes to bring about, in this matter. This plank bears evidence of having been prepared with a care to make that which it pro-poses seem as innocent and fair as pos-sible, and as much as possible to disarm opposition. It is not as definite and clear as it might be with regard to the precise thing proposed, but it is very careful to give the impression that that thing is in perfect accord with " the great prin-ciple of our gov,einment, ' No public moneys for sectarian purposes,' " and that those who propose it are as much opposed as anybody to having public money used to pay for religious instruction. We will let the New York Sun clarify this plan, which it terms " the Roman Catholic scheme " : This plan is to avoid the prohibition of expenditure for any specific religious instruc-tion by distributing " the educational per cap-ita tax for results in purely secular studies only in our parish schools," as certified by " State or city examinations," and inferentially in those of other religious denominations. The plan involves the payment from the school fund of the salaries of these parish school teach-ers " as other teachers receive theirs." Or,. as Bishop McFaul put it lately, the scheme is that the school fund should be divided pro rata among the parish schools according to the number of their scholars, not as payment for religious education, but for secular instruction submitted to State examinations. So this Catholic scheme, and it is a scheme, is a plan " to avoid [to get around] the prohibition of expenditure for any specific religious instruction." It 