4,1.1*-3.,4*.y$4.343/ 34,13, T\14,/ illi:felkolk/akWii:4,4411V01,444.1113,t<ip\W4A? (0,450/41/k0401,4140(441 \It *Al k /VI*. ojailtagrillV71,4101,,,Veziatati-dptiallird,h...1-abaladad-wWolaitaii.40 Mk,  -  _A a /La%  JA.A¥ ¥  at; 444) NfA :44 43; 44 3; 4 WC, ¥ "4' 333I  4 ij lye ii471mriximu: "The principle of Rome in all its phases is that religion and government are insepa-rable. The principle of the government of the United States is that religion is essentially distinct and wholly separate from civil government, and entirely exempt from its cog-nizance. "As it was Christianity that first and always antagonized this governmental principle of Rome, and established the governmental principle of the United States of America, the fundamental idea, the one thread-thought of the whole book, is to develop the princi-ples of Christianity with reference to civil government, and to portray the mischievous results of the least departure from those principles." Rome occupies one extreme and the United States the other. Which is right? The question interests every reader of THE SENTINEL, for in its solution and the correct appli-cation of the principles lies the salvation of individual as well as nation. "Two Republics" contains 895 octarbo pages and is substantially bound in cloth. Price, postpaid, $1.75. is a comparative study of the underlying principles of the two greatest RepublicsÑRome and the United States. In Alonzo T. Jones' book entitled 11 WEST 20th STREET, NEW YORK CITY. Complete catalog of publications mailed on request.  Address PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, A Study of Principles "THE TWO REPUBLICS" LEGAL SUNDAY Sunday laws and their enforcement has become one of the leading questions of the day. The subject is one of absorbing interest and much has been written upon it. Much, too, has been said by the clergy, by the lawyers, by the legislatures and by the courts. Until recently, however, there seems to have been no very careful inquiry into the merits of the case of the legal SundayÑno open challenge of its right to exist. In THE LEGAL SUNDAY: Its History and Character, James T. Ringgold, a member of the Baltimore bar at his decease, challenges Sunday's legal right to an exist-ence. This book is a clear, logical, forceful presentation of a subject which is of vital interest to every American citizen. "Legal Sunday" contains 252 pages, is bound in paper covers, and costs the small sum of 25 cents. CHRISTIAN PATRIOTISM A straightforward discussion of the relation of the Christian patriot to earthly gov-ernments. and of the principles which should govern him. An important subject, too, in these days when so many seem befogged and uncertain as to their duties and responsibili-ties in this respect. CLOTH, 40 Cents. THE GREAT NATIONS OF TO-DAY In this the author plainly shows that the great nations of to-day are clearly men-tioned in the Bible, and their destiny toretold. A most interesting historical and pro-phetical study, proving incidentally the inspiration of the Bible, PAPER COVERS, 25 Cents. THE MARSHALING OF THE NATIONS This little booklet shows conclusively that the five great Powers actually hold in their hands the pdtver and a greater part of the territory of the world. But there is a sig-nificance to all this that but few understand. Read this pamphlet and the meaning will be plain. Has a double-page. four-color map of the world. showing how it is now par-titioned among the various powers. 173'20PIC13., COVERS, 10 Cents. Address,  PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO. 11 West 20th Street, New 'York City. 