THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY AND ITS WORK. 5 national sabbath, in direct supplanting of the Sabbath of the Lord of the Fourth Commandment; and in the decision of the Supreme Court in the insular cases (October term, 19oo), the "Christian na-tion" declaration of 1892 was confirmed in the reducing to a "perhaps" the con-tinuing force of that provision of the first amendment to the Constitution which declares : "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." These things, the specific things con-cerning which The Sentinel was es-tablished to give warning, and concern-ing which The Sentinel did contin-ually give warning, having been definitely accomplished, and in so short a time, sufficiently demonstrate that the object of the establishment of The Sentinel was neither vain nor nonsensical, but was the very essence of Christian pa-triotism and enlightened foresight. No more complete vindication could be de-sired. What Remains to Be Done. And now, since all this has come to pass, what remains for The Sentinel to do? What need is there of The Sentinel any more? There remains for The Sentinel to do precisely what it has always done : ever to be watchful for the dangers, and to warn the people against the evils, that as a consequence of these things that have been done, will flood the nation, and to its ruin, as surely as that these things have been done. Thee is now, and there will continue to be, precisely the same need of The Sentinel as there ever was. In earnest and active endeavor The Sentinel for years warned the people, Congress, and the White House, that by all means some might be saved from  being partakers in the committing of the evils which we were so certain would come. And now, if possible, in more earnest and more active endeavor, The Sentinel, for the remaining years, will continue to warn all, that still by all means some may be saved from the ruin that will so certainly come. And this is why The Sentinel must now stand forth specifically in its full nameŠThe Sentinel of Christian Lib-erty. An Ancient Republic. Anciently there was a liberty-loving people who cast off kingship and every-thing that could.  suggest such a thing, asserted the principle and the right of self-government, and upon that principle established a republicŠa government of the people, by the people, and for the people. When that republic had filled its own home territory with its power and had filled the world with its name, as the lover and grand examplar of liberty, for the sake of "liberty" and "humanity" it entered upon a career of foreign con-quest. These conquests brought to that people wealth "in rolling streams of gold." Wealth brought luxury, and lux-ury brought loss of self-government and the consequent indulgence, to boundless degree, of appetite and passion in the individual; -  and indulgence, also to boundless degree, of despotism in, the government. And just then the Lord Jesus sent into that world of moral and political in- iquity his glorious gospel, and in that the true principle and power of self-gov- ernment. His disciples went everywhere preaching that gospel to the multitude, to kings and governors, and even to the emperor himself. And thus to that republic, from which had been lost the 