34 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY presumes to provide the people (at Gov-ernment expense) with "Patriotic Stud-ies" and assumes to be the greatest reform force in the country, is doing to an as-tonishing extent. It seems scarcely cred-ible that such matter as "Patriotic Stud-ies" has been isued as a public document and is enjoying the franking privilege, and that the Government is advertising Mr. Wilbur F. Crafts' books, among them being "my 'Sabbath for Man' and 'Civil Sabbath.' " But incredible as it may seem, such is the fact. The "Reform Bureau" is badly in need of some reforming itself. Ł In deciding an appealed case from Jo-liet the supreme court of Illinois, on De-cember 17, laid down the rule that the exemption from taxation in that State of property used for religious purposes ap-plies only to property that is used ex-clusively for "public worship." On the ground that "educational instruction in the Scriptures" is not "public worship," it was held that a building used for Sunday-school purposes alone was not exempt from taxation. It is well that this exemp-tion is being strictly construed and limited in its application, but it is not made any better thereby. Has "public worship" a better claim upon the public treasury than "educational instruction," even educa-tional instruction "in the Scriptures" ? Does the State have a duty toward that which is wholly religious that it does not have toward that which is only partly re-ligious or that is not religious at all? The more strictly the provision which exempts from taxation property used for religious purposes is construed the more apparent is it that such exemption constitutes a union of church and state at that point. A newspaper in a little Minnesota town where Sunday closing of barber shops has been agitated, says : " If a man works six days he should close up on the  seventh. If he does not believe in the commandment, he should respect those that do." And so Sunday closing is a matter of " the commandment." How about those who believe in the command-ment showing some respect for those who do not ? Granting that it be true that " if a man works six days he should close up on the seventh," does it neces-sarily follow that he should close on Sun-day, or that he should be compelled to close on Sunday, or on any other day that may be the day following six days of work by him ? It is better to leave questions concerning " the command-ment " to the free choice and action of the individual ; the civil law has no right to concern itself with the matter. Espe-cially would this seem wise since the law in undertaking to enforce " the com-mandment " compels a man to close up on the first day of the week, whereas the commandment tells him that " the sev-enth day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God." A citizen of Rochester, N. Y., recently brought action against the board of edu-cation of that city to restrain it from using city moneys in paying teachers, said to be nuns, in a Roman Catholic orphan asylum. It was decided by the appellate court that the city could expend money in that way, it beingŁ stated in the de-cision that orphans could not be allowed to grow up in a state of ignorance con-cerning religion. Of course a rather dif-ficult point is here presented. It is proper to use public funds in the, support and instruction of orphans, and it is also right that they should have religious in-struction. But it is hardly the business of the city or State to undertake to give even orphans religious instruction, nor to pay those who do give such instruc-tion, and certainly not the religious in-struction that would be given in a sec-tarian institution. When public funds 