9 1i4 azo fold COY 011R112ill.lYf LULERIPI VOL. XIX WASHINGTON, D. C., FEBRUARY II, 1904 No. 6 As will be seen by the announcement made on the opposite page, the publi-cation of The Sentinel is discontinued with this number. This information will no doubt be received with some regret by many readers and friends of the paper, and it is with regret that note of the matter is made here, but it seems that under the circumstances the publishers were obliged to take this action. Of course the discontinuance of the paper does not signify that there is no call for work in the direction in which the paper has sought to be of service. We think that no one can read even this number of the paper without realizing that there is a call to-day for such work as The Sentinel was estab-lished to do and has striven to do dur-ing the past eighteen years; we are certain that this would be realized did this number contain what it might con-tain. But of course the cause to which the paper has been devoted is greater than any agency that may have been or may be enlisted in its service, and though The Sentinel may no longer be one of the agencies of its promotion the cause it has represented remains the same and should appeal no less strongly to all whom the paper may have been instrumental in interesting in it. We trust and know that the discontinu-ance of the paper will not cause those who are interested in this work and watching the trend of affairs to lose their interest in nor slacken their efforts in behalf of the maintenance of  the principles which the paper has ad-vocated. To those friends who have so kindly co-operated with us in this work we hereby express our sincere ap-preciation. Rome and Religious If there is any Liberty in the agency of the Roman . Philippines Catholic Church which should show forth the fact, if it is a fact, that the principles which have brought about and are the safe-guard of the freedom, civil and -re-ligious, which is enjoyed in the more enlightened nations of the present time, especially in the United States, and which principles have become funda-mental in the civilization of these times, have the endorsement, support and al-legiance of that church, it is that of the "Paulist Fathers" in this country, which order is devoted to the work of presenting Catholicism in the best light. possible to Protestants and non-Catho-lics. Yet nevertheless the magazine published by this order, the Catholic-World, one of the leading Roman Catho-lic publications of the country, styled a "magazine of general literature and science," presented to the American public in its January number an aston-ishingly plain and undisguised appeal and demand for the adoption by the American government of a policy of utter disregard and violation of one of the most important and sacred of those principles. It was presented in connec-tion with an extract from the report. 