7The ,3eugilmeil OF COMETOARI 11.033kigrY Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States especially devoted to the maintenance of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, ivI, C. WILCOX L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. Ł We believe in temperance,and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty, and nolessthe duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the ehd that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single co,Ł  py, persnc months  year  three months CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .7o Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor- respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO. OUR PATRONS Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Money Order or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. .,,We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th Street, New York City IN view of the fact that the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor is to hold its International Convention in Denver, Colo., July gth to 13th, we are planning to make our July gth issue one which will be especially appropriate to distribute among Christian Endeavorers everywhere. Although a little too early to announce defi-nitely just what will appear in this number, there will be articles setting forth the prin-ciples of True Christian Endeavor, and True Christian Citizenship; and which will in a kindly, helpful way point out where and how our endeavor should be put forth for Christ. Such a number will, therefore, be especially valuable to place in the hands of EVERY ENDEAVORER. Extra copies of this issue will be sold at the following prices: to copies  15 cents 25   35 " 50   70 " 100 $1.25 1,000 $10.00 Single copies will be addressed, wrapped and mailed from lists furnished at the rate of 8 cents for five. If you cannot personally place a copy of this issue of THE SENTINEL into the hands of all Endeavorers in your community, get your friends to help so that this can be accomplished. Orders for this number should be received early, as we are planning to have it ready to mail several days previous to the date of issue. Now is the time for those whose subscrip-tions expire with the month of June to renew. Please notice your wrapper and sea if your subscription expires this month, and if so please favor us with your renewal now. We would also appreciate having you send us sev-eral new subscriptions at the same time. Si.00 .5o .25 To foreign'countries in Postal Union, one year  1.5o 