OF CllgROSTIAM LOOM' A weekly publication devoted to the maintenance and defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore opposed to any violation or compromise of the principle of separa- tion of church and state. Non-sectarian and non-partisan in the application of principles. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Published by REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN., 222 N. Capitol St., Washington, D. C. To whom all communications of a business nature should be addressed. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance.and regard theliquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be ourduty, and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, perss monthsyear " three months   $1.00 .0 .255 I.50    To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  Ł70  Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. At the November meeting of the Winnebago County (Minn.) ministerial association at Winneconne, which was attended by most of the Oshkosh clergy-men, "the topic of 'Sunday, the True Sabbath,' was discussed, and it was agreed that the first day of the week is the true Sabbath." But can agree-ment that that which is not so is so make it so? The ministerial association of Lin-coln, Neb., has "decided to discourage Sunday funerals," and hereafter "the pastors will plead with their bereaved friends to either hasten or delay this solemn ceremony until before or after the Sabbath." This action was taken "because Sunday funerals encourage the liverymen to stay in business on Sunday." It appears that at the last convention of the Pennsylvania Druggists' Associa-tion, held in the Y. M. C. A. hall at Scranton, this resolution was adopted : "Resolved, That we urge all druggists to discourage Sunday trade by con-fining their Sabbath day business strictly to 'works of necessity and mercy,' in accordance with the laws of God and of this Commonweatlh." It is safe to say that some of the Pennsyl-vania "Sabbath" leaders were behind this resolution. "A Sabbath-closing movement" has been inaugurated in Evanston, Ill., by the retail clerks's association. Accord-ing to the president of that organiza-tion, "Evanston stores are kept open on Sundays principally because of the church-goers, who insist upon stopping to shop on the way to and from church." "Many of them will begin their purchases before the services and then return to finish them after church is out. Almost every Sunday Bibles, hymnals, and prayer books are left about on counters where Sunday shop-pers have forgotten them." The work of reform in Sabbath observance so far as Sunday is concerned needs to begin with professed Sunday observers, and when the preachers have set them straight they will have done about all that is required of them in the matter. 