26o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY 3802a:1111,211 er OfllUSTLithl B..05:35.2317 PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, II WEST 20TH ST., NEW YORK CITY. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. $1.00 .50 " three months   .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.25 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  Ł70 Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In care of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. SPECIAL NOTICE We would call special attention to the fact that it is not safe to send money through the mails. Twice within the past week it has been brought to our notice that subscribers sent one dollar bills to us for r newal of their sub-scriptions which never reached us. When re-mitting do so by post-office money order, ex-press order or bank draft on New York. If you do send money through the mails register the Setter. Capt. J. L. Johnson, 162 Reid Avenue, Brooklyn, N. Y., who is engaged in the work of distributing good reading matter among the sailors who arrive in New York harbor, can use clean copies of THE SENTINEL to good ad-vantage. Anyone wishing to aid him by send-ing back numbers of THE SENTINEL to him at  the above address, will please see that the postage is fully prepaid. BOOKS AND PERIODICALS. The Midwinter Good Health, just published, is one of the best numbers ever issued. A new cover design worked out in pleasing colors adds greatly to its attractiveness. It is filled with valuable matter pertaining to the science of health, and is profusely illustrated. Price to cents. Address, Good Health, Battle Creek, Mich. No 169 of the "Bible Students' Library," just issued, is entitled "The Fall of Babylon." The author, R. C. Porter, in a brief study, exam-ines in the light of history and prophecy the eighth verse of the fourteenth chapter of Rev-elation. 24 pages; price, 1% cents. Address this office, or Pacific Press Publishing Co., Oakland, Cal. "Rome in Prophecy," by Elder Wolcott H. Littlejohn, is a study of pagan and papal Rome in the light of Bible prophecy. Some of these prophecies are yet to be fulfilled, and this study is made with especial reference to present de-velopments and others that may be expected in the immediate future. 64 pages. Cloth binding, postpaid, 25 cents; paper cover, to cents each. Direct all orders to the author at Hume, Calhoun Co., Mich. Ł In these days of so much agitation for en-forced "Sabbath" observance it is important that the truth with regard to the Sabbath should be sought out and presented to .the peo-ple. The American Sabbath Tract Society. Plainfield, N. J., has just begun the publica-tion of a small monthly entitled The Sabbath of Christ, which has for its purpose "the res-toration of the Sabbath according to the stand-ard set by Christ, the Lord of the Sabbath." It should be widely read, for it sets forth truths on this subject that are much needed at this time. Price, 25 cents per year. Ł:* How true it is that "the pleasantest things in the world are pleasant thoughts; and the greatest art in life is to have as many of them as possible." With the aim of contributing in some degree to the development of this art Mr. Henry B. Damon, of South Lancaster, Mass., has gathered from a wide range of the Single copy, per year  six months 