SUNDAY-LAW OPPRESSION IN PHILADELPHIA AGAIN 47 in this city fighting for a mere sub-sistence ! Another Philadelphian wrote as fol-lows: I can imagine nothing better calcu-lated to arouse, opposition to Christian-ity and bring discredit upon those who claim to be its exponents than haling before the law poor men and women for the "crime" of selling a cigar on the first day of the week. Those who are engaged in this petty persecution are no doubt as certain that they are right as Torquemada was four cen-turies ago, or as Calvin was when he burned Servetus fifty years later. The blood of the martyrs is said to be the seed of the church, and the persecu-tion of these poor people is certain to increase the number of its opponents. We, are tempted to say, "If this be Christianity, we will have none of it." I do not know whether this action is meant to vindicate the outraged maj-esty of the law or to suppress him who "esteemeth every day alike" for dif-fering with him who "esteemeth one day above another." Is it not just possible that there is something to be said on both sides? One thing is clear  Š that the resort to the civil power to enforce a religious tenet is an open confession of the breakdown of the methods of argument and persuasion. Yes, this last sentence presents one thingŠyes, two thingsŠthat are per-fectly clear in this Philadelphia Sun-day-enforcement crusade, and for that matter that are perfectly clear in every Sunday-law movement by "Christian" clergymen. One is that it is a resort to the civil power to enforce a religious institution, and the other is that it is an open confession by "Christian" clergymen that they cannot or will not maintain the "Christian" Sunday by Christian methodsŠthat in its behalf they will not be content with the methods of argument and persuasion, the methods of Christianity, but will resort to a method which Christianity distinctly and absolutely repudiates as the method of its support and propaga-tionŠthe method of compulsion and coercion. And where does that place the "Christian" clergymen and the "Christian" Sunday? "Governor Odell realizes that to stand for Sunday opening would be a political bad break," declared Dr. Da-vid J. Burrell at a meeting in New York on December 28 of " men who don't approve of a partial Sunday opening of saloons." This is no doubt the secret of much of the support given by politicians to the church-and-state Sunday measure. They fear to stand up for principle in the face of the church and her representatives because of the threat of political retribution. Such declarations show that the church and churchmen are thoroughly polit-ical in this matter of Sunday legisla-tion. In the legislature at Albany, N. Y., on January 14 a bill was introduced  which "will allow the sale in New York City from '5 to 8 o'clock in the evening on Sunday of prepared meats, fish, salads, and cheese." Two years ago the New York legislature enacted a law entirely prohibiting the sale of these articles on Sunday, thus com-pletely Łclosing butcher shops on Sun-day. The bill introduced "further provides that between June 15 and September 15 butter, milk and ice may be delivered on Sunday up to 10 o'clock in the morning." The bill was introduced by Assemblyman Monroe, of Tompkins County, and it is stated that "as he is a member of the committee on rules, his legislation stands an ex-cellent show of going through the assembly.". 