242 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY arrest was made did not regard the first day of the week as a holy day, and hence "the peace and quiet of the day could not have been disturbed." It was also sug-gested that the selling of meat in such a community might well come under the definition of "a work of necessity," inas-much as "orthodox Jews would not eat meat that had been more than twenty-four hours butchered." It was thought that the closing of butcher shops two full days in such a community would entail a hardship upon both the butchers and their patrons. An account of this case is given ersewhere. Ł A poll of some 43o owners of retail butcher-shops "in the better and -middle-class districts" of New York City has been taken by the National Provisioner, a journal much interested in the main-tenance of the present law which prohib-its the sale of meats on Sunday. It de-clares that 405 of these favored the present law, ten were opposed to it, and five were non-committal. In its issue of January 25 the entire list is published under the large heading, "How the Mar-ket Owners Stand on Sunday Closing." The Provisioner says that its poll "indi-cates what is the deep feeling of the shop owners in Greater New York" on this question. It would seem to indicate, too, 'that there is no necessity whatever for the law in question. If such an over-whelming proportion of theh owners of butcher shops have such deep feelings with regard to Sunday closing, why is it necessary to have a law compelling them to close? Certainly ninety-three per cent. should not fear the competition of seven per cent. "The man who sells split peas on Sun-day is a goner. If you want to escape  with immunity from arrest, sell liquor." This was the somewhat ironical and very suggestive advice that a New York gro-ceryman heard recently as he was being fined for making some insignificant sales of groceries on Sunday. Unfortunately there is entirely too much truth in these words of the magistrate. Public senti-ment is not much opposed to the sale of liquor on Sunday, but for some strange reason or other there is no sentiment suf-ficently strong to protect the man who is caught in the harmless act of selling peas and other necessaries to his fellows. Ver-ily, Consistency, thou art a jewel! The responsibility for this irrational condition of affairs lies equally with those who support "Sabbath" observance by law and those who are persuaded that liquor is a greater necessity to human existence than anything else. In one of his "Lenten discourses" the other day, in Philadelphia, Archbishop Ryan, in speaking of the treachery of Ju-das, said : "God will not interfere with our liberty. He will not compel us, be-cause then we would not be men, but ma-chines." This is true; but "the Church" has throughout her history clung to a very different principle, and to-day some of her fundamental principles indorse the doing of what it is rightly declared God will not do. The Chicago News hopes "that the patrons of the stores which keep open on Sunday will stand by the clerks in their present fight" for Sunday closing. It is of the opinion that "the merchant who finds himself without customers on Sun-day will speedily take the hint and close his store," and it advises that "customers make it a point to refrain from making purchases on Sunday." This is far bet-ter than legislation on the subject. 