472 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. civil magistrate is "to put forth his coercive power as the matter shall require." But these. too, have fallen into desuetude * * and when they berran to give "an uncertain sound" it is equally impossible to tell. It is of little consequence. Suffice it to know what genuine Puritanism has been; and also, that its disa-vowal of toleration has been no inoperative theory. That this disavowal was no mere idea, is evident from the fact that Pym once boldly broached it in a Puri-tanic British Parliament. He "asserted that it was the duty of the legislature to establish true religion and to punish false" ; and how cordially they believed him and acted out his doctrine, history has recorded with many a sigh and tear. This, however, is quite enough to show how, in England, Puritanism, though it had once groaned for toleration, made others afterward groan for its own lack of it. Come we now to the land where it was Ł (poetically) an exile from the pearl of great priceŠthe enjoyment of an unmolested conscience. Did it there display no anxiety to molest the consciences of others ? Let us see. And first of all, Master Cotton, whom thy con-temporaries esteem so "famous," I call thee upon the stand. Hear his "awful words," as Shepard truly char-acterizes them. * * "It was toleration that made the world anti-Christian, and the church never took hurt by the punishment of heretics." Again : "The Lord keep us from being bewitched with the whore's cup, lest while we seem to detest and reject her with open face of profession, we do not bring her in by a back door of toleration, and so come at last to drink deeply in the cup of the Lord's wrath, and be filled with the cup of her plagues." Shepard was a worthy pupil of Master Cotton ; for he goes if possible a step beyond him, and ascribes toleration to the Father of Lies. * * " 'Tis Satan's policy," says he, "to plead for an indefinite and bound-less toleration ; as Chemnitius excellently shows from those words, Mark I :24, 'Let us alone.' He calls it diabolica machinatio in conciliationibus religionum; i. e., Christ may have his kingdom if he will let Satan alone with his, and so both of them live lovingly and quietly together." So Shepard not only asserts his doctrine, but with the help of the profound Chemnitius estab-lishes it, with due exegetical propriety. * * * The very year succeeding [1673], heard as loud thunder against this luckless subject of toleration. "I look upon toleration," says President Oakes of Har-vard University, "as the first-born of all abomina-tions." This, too, was said in an Election sermon ; and as that, according to Belknap, "may generally he accounted the echo of the public voice," it is the unan-imous dictum of a Puritan community. Of all Puritan classics, however, on the subject of toleration, the author of the "Simple Cobbler of Agga- warn" bears away the palm. He makes it so ineffably revolutionary, that it empties on earth the contents of the bottomless pit, and overturns the throne itself of the Absolute Supreme. Speaking in one place of a shoal of sects, which toleration would disenthral, he describes it as "In a word, room for hell above ground." In another he says, in a figure I never saw paralleled, "To authorize an untruth by a toleration of state, is to build a sconce against the walls of heaven, to batter God out of his chair." I will give but one quotation more, and that shall be from Hubbard, the historian, to show how, the Pur-itans abated their intolerance by the most studious gradationsŠconforming it carefully to those times when, as Justice Story has told us, persecution became less frequent because it was less safe. "And indeed," says he, "let the experience of all reformed churches be consulted withal, and it will appear that disorder and confusion of the church will not be avoided by all the determination, advice, and counsel, of synods or other messengers of churches, unless they be a little acuated* by the civil authority. All men are naturally so wedded to their own apprehension, that unless there be a coercive power to restrain, the order and rule of the gospel will not be attended." And these were the men who thought Archbishop Laud "the chief of sinners" because, esteeming them-selves too fondly "wedded to their own apprehen-sions," he employed some of their own beloved "coer-sive power," and "acuated" church discipline "a lit-tle" by the civil authority, that they might attend to what he, as their spiritual guide, deemed the gospel's order and rule ! * * * Such were the men who denounced the intolerance of the Church of England. But a few years previous, and you would have thought them (in words, that is) the most disinterested champions for liberty of con-science the world ever saw. Toleration ! Oh, it was their favorite and ever unworn theme, when they wanted to inflict their "levellisme" in church and state upon an audience in a cathedral, whose revenues they might spoil as lawfully as Israelites could Egyptians. Theocracy in China. Hon. Charles Denby, former United States Minister to China, in The Independent. The Chinese government has been said to be patriarchal. In its actual administration it is undoubt-edly patriarchal. The emperor is sire, and his offi-cers, down to the head man in every village, occupy the position of father, just as a man does of his household. But behind the patriarchal system, and controlling it, is the principle of theocracy. No na-tion in the world in its administration of the law ŁAcuatedŠthe word means, "made sharp as a needle." 