VATICAN NEGOTIATIONS AND CATHOLICISM 617 tion of the Pope by the American Gov-ernment. On this point he says : Italy herself, with the law of guarantees passed by the Italian government in May, 1871, recognized in the Pontiff the quality and attributes of a sovereign, and therefore Italy cannot be, and is not, offended with those powers, Catholic or otherwise, which entertain diplomatic relations with the Holy See. In fact, her best friend and ally, Ger-many, has two legations accredited to the Vat-ican, one from Prussia and one from Bavaria; the Czar, although the head of another re-ligion, and having only 18,000,000 Catholics among his subjects, in 1896, after twenty-seven New York," and the other was from "a prominent writer in Washington who is in close touch with the men now in power." The latter wrote : Judge Taft does not go as ambassador or envoy, and there has never been any intention on the part of the Government of sending one, although it has been strongly urged by both the Ireland and Corrigan factions. There is to be no recognition of the temporal power, directly or indirectly; let that be distinctly understood. So there was one point with regard to which Archbishop Ireland was in perfect Courtesy of The Independent THE MOSAIC SENT BY POPE LEO XIII. TO PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT. years' interruption, re-established diplomatic relations with the Papacy; and finally, to .quote an even more striking example, the King Łof Portugal, cousin of the King of Italy, main-tains in Rome an embassy to the Vatican, and a mere legation to the Quirinal. In confirmation of his statement that there was an apprehension in America that the mission might be looked upon as .a recognition of the Pope's claim to tem-poral sovereignty, this writer quotes from two letters that he had received from America strongly disavowing any such purpose. One of these was from -"the editor of the best-known paper in  accord with that faction of the Papacy in this country which he has since felt called upon to publicly rebuke. And that in regard to which he was perfectly agreed with the other faction, and in be-half of which he has been more active than anybody else, is something that is far more inimical to the welfare of the United States than is that which he so positively and publicly condemns. This writer clearly recognizes .the source whence this mission to the Vati-can originated, and looks upon that as havirig given rise to one of the chief dif- 