92 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Sunday himself, and is now giving his fellow-citizens an opportunity to travel along the same path." The Bismarck Palladium observes that " North Dakota has some very drastic laws on her statute books," and says that if the Sunday law is enforced impartially " the newsboy must go, the milkman must get around earlier, the electric-light plant and the telephone system must close, the livery barns must shut their doors, the hacks must lay off and rest on the Sabbath day, and barber shops and bath-rooms close at midnight on Saturday." In proof of this it points out that according to the penal code " Sabbath-breaking embraces the follow-ing pursuits " : i. Servile labor. 2. Public sports. 3. Trades, manufactures, and mechanical em-ployments. 4. Public traffic. 5. Serving process. And in order that it might be clearly understood how much " Sabbath-break-ing " embraced in the matter of public traffic, this section of the code was quoted : All manner of public selling, or offering or exposing for sale publicly, of any commodities on the first day of the week, is prohibited, except that meats, milk and fish may be sold at any time before nine o'clock in the morning, and except that food may be sold to be eaten upon the premises where sold, and drugs and medicines and surgical appliances may be sold at any time of the day. This is the law which the State's attor-ney has now set about to enforce in Bis-marck. With the Sunday-enforcement order went one against gambling, and especially ordering the removal from groceries, hotels, cigar stores and other places where they were installed, nickel and penny slot machines. This is a step that public sentiment may well endorse, for it seems that these devices teach chil-dren to gamble. The Palladium unfeel-ingly but truthfully remarks that if the  order against gambling is strictly carried out it " will be a blow to church societies where raffling and chances have hereto-fore been considered a legitimate source of income." O It is reported that the Illinois Retail Clerks' Association is to make every ef-fort to secure the enactment at the pres-ent session of the State legislature of a bill prohibiting the opening of stores on Sunday. The bill has been drafted for some weeks, and was prepared, it is said, by Attorney Clarence S. Darrow of Chi-cago, who is attorney for the union miners' organization before the Anthra-cite Coal Strike Commission. The bill is " aimed principally at dealers who keep open their stores on Sunday in Chicago." This further information regarding the bill is given in the papers : It also is directed against the pawnbrokers of the State. A year or more ago a warfare was inaugurated against the pawnbrokers: The latter fought the issue, and the courts decided that under the law they could keep open their places the same as drug stores, barber shops and cigar stores; that the pawnbrokers could not be discriminated against. There is no doubt that the bill will be op-posed by all the pawnbrokers in the State. The Hebrews claim that the Gentiles' Sabbath is not their Sabbath. Under the form in which the bill is said to be drawn it does not cover the closing of drug stores, cigar stores and barber shops. O A barber of Findlay, Ohio, was ar- rested on January 14 " on a warrant charging him with working at his trade on Sunday, contrary to the State law pro-hibiting common labor on the Sabbath day." The arrest was made on complaint of the president of the local barbers' union. An " anti-Sunday theatre crusade," in which " the ministerial association " was taking a prominent part, was recently re- ported to be in progress in Council Bluffs, Iowa. 