84  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY "There is a tendency on the part of certain merchants to sell some kinds of articles under the guise of 'licensed vic-tualers,' but these are closely followed, and the frequent fining for such offenses keeps such violations well in the back-ground. "Libraries are generally open on Sun-day, with limited hours, and no criticisms are heard. The Art Museum has open doors a few hours every Sunday." Sunday Enforcement in Toronto "Toronto is subject to the same laws respecting Sunday observance as any other part of Ontario. So far as Ontario legislation governing Sunday observance is concerned, it has of late years been somewhat less uncompromising in its interdiction of Sunday commerce. The courts seldom construed the law in fa-vor of the Sabbath-breaker. One of the first of recent changes to cause a slight relaxation of this spirit was the electric railway line. Certain companies ob-tained a conditional concession in their charters permitting operation on the Lord's day. Thus, in the special act in-corporating the Toronto Railway Com-pany, which operates all the street rail-way lines within the city, it was provided that Sunday cars might be run if the citizens expressed their desire for such a service by vote. The matter was voted on three times, a strong campaign against the proposed innovation being waged by the Lord's Day Alliance. The last time, however, the majority was strongly in favor of Sunday cars. Sun-day cars have been running for the last five or six years only. That they are popular is shown by the steady increase in their earnings. "The ferryboats between Toronto Is-land and the city proper have also been  running on Sundays every summer for several years. This is not due to any relaxation in the law, but to such a con-struction of it as admits the Sunday trips to be a work of necessity. Last summer the captain of the Argyle left Toronto with passengers bound for a point on the other side of the lake. Immediately the Sunday law was invoked. The test case he thus invited was brought on. The police magistrate decided that the vessel came tinder the General Railway Act, a Dominion statute. There was no appeal. This decision led to the regular running of several vessels across the lake on Sun-day trips. Yet the law expressly forbids Sunday pleasure excursions by rail or water. "Under the Liquor License Act, all bars must be closed from 7 o'clock on Saturday night until 6 o'clock on Mon-day morning. All games and amuse-ments are prohibited. Of places of trade only drug stores are allowed to be open. Cigar stores, barber shops, refreshment stands, etc., must keep closed all day on Sunday. Parks are open, but there must be no entertainment of any kind. Thea-tres are closed, as are all places of amusement. Toronto's Sunday is a very quiet one. Though undoubtedly the law relating to the sale of liquor on that day is far from strictly obserVed, it is not violated by any means openly." Home Rule Principle Governs Sunday Enforcement in Scotland "Sunday observance throughout Scot-land is conducted on a home rule basis, the governing body of each municipality making such rules and regulations as it pleases, except in regard to the public houses, which must be kept closed from o'clock Saturday night until 8 o'clock Monday morning. For instance, the street-cars in Glasgow are running to- 