414 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Further, that we distinctively are not a Christian nation has not only been af-firmed by various courts (Ohio Supreme Court, Bloom vs. RichardsŠ"neither Christianity nor any other system of re-ligion is part of the law of this State"), but if we were a Christian nation the Federal Constitution would scarcely con-tain a clause prohibiting Congress from making "any law respecting an establish-ment of religion"Šwhich is the first amendment to the Constitution. It is true we should, as Thwing says, teach that there is a God and a God whom we should love. But that is very different from saying that we are a Chris-tian nation composed of "Christian" States - [The exception here taken to the utter-ance of Professor Thwing is sound, and it is refreshing to see so prominent a re-ligious journal as the Christian Work take this position with reference to the seductive "Christian-nation" fiction now so solemnly accepted and proclaimed in religious and political circles. But the ex-ception to Professor Thwing's utterance might well have gone farther, if he meant that the States and the nation should un-dertake to teach what he says should be taught, and of course that is what he meant. There are not a great many peo-ple who would see anything very objec-tionable in the inculcation even by State or nation of the simple statement "that there is a God, and a God we ought to love." Not only would the many Chris-tian bodies in this country see nothing objectionable in this statement, but even Mohammedans, Hindoos, Buddhists, and all other believers in a Supreme Being could readily assent to it. One great trouble with such teaching, so far as its being taught by the State or nation is  concerned, is that just simply what is stated by Professor Thwing cannot be taught, and nobody wants just simply that taught. Suppose these words, "There is a God, and a God we ought to love," were hung upon the walls of schoolrooms, or even conspicuously printed in text-books, would Pro-fessor Thwing or any one else see any very great attainment in that? When instruction of the sort called for by Professor Thwing is begun there must be teaching as to how we know there is a God, and as to how and why we ought to love Him. This involves a great deal, and it is on this point that the world is divided into great religious sys-tems, and on which those systems are divided into many sects. If all the peo-ple of any country or State were agreed in their thought about and toward God, and were of one opinion as to how and why He should be loved, the matter of governmental instruction on this point might present a very different aspect. But as such is not the case, and in the nature of things can never be the case, such propositions as that of Professor Thwing are perfectly useless. The founders of the American public school system evidently knew well the lesson which can be gathered on this point from the experiences of mankind. If this les-son has now lost its vividness and force, and in spite of the wise action of the pioneers, religious instruction is intro-duced into the public schools, the inevi-table result will simply demonstrate the wisdom of those who excluded religion from the schools and the folly of those who reverse their poliCy. No good pur-pose can be served by the attempt to teach religion in State and national schools.ŠEDITOR SENTINEL.] 