Religion and Education What is their relation? Some new and most valuable books for all concerned (and everybody should be concerned) with this great and most vital question now foremost in the religious and educational worlds : EDUCATION By MRS. E. G. WHITE " Every human being is endowed with a power akin to that of the Creator Š individ-uality, power to' think and to do. It is the work of true education to develop this power; to train the youth to be thinkers, and not merely reflectors of other's thoughts. It has to do with the whole being, and with the whole period of existence possible to man. It is the harmonious development of the physical, the mental, and the spiritual powers." These are statements from the opening chapter of this truly great book on education. It is an invaluable exposition of the foundation, aim, scope, and principles of true education. Attractively bound in gray cloth, with beautiful three-color cover design. 321 pages. x534. inches. Price, postpaid, $1.25. THE PLACE OF THE BIBLE IN EDUCATION By ALONZO TREVIER JONES This book deals with a most vital issue in the field of religion and education to-day, and goes to the very basis and foundation of human thinking. Its clear, positive, and convincing setting forth of the way to certain knowledge and absolute truth in the deepest and profoundest questions that can engage the attention of the mind, meets a need than which none is or can be more imperative in this age when doubt is rapidly becoming the method of fundamental human thinking and probability the basis of fundamental human knowledge. The book is written especially for Christians, many of whom are at sea in these days because of the great crisis of thought for which it offers a sure remedy, but it should be read by all who think deeply and are concerned with the fundamentals of education. Among the chapter headings, of which there are twnty-one, are these: "The Essentials of Knowledge," " The Greek or Scientific Method ' To-day," " The Separation of Christianity and the State in Education." Bound in cloth and paper. 248 pages. Prices, postpaid : Cloth, 75 cents ; paper, 25 cents. OUTLINES OF MODERN SCIENCE AND MODERN CHRISTIANITY By GEO. MCCREADY PRICE "We are passing through to-day perhaps the greatest crisis of thought the world has ever known; and yet the great mass of the people do not take the trouble, any more than Gallio did in the Book of Acts, to understand what is going on," just recently declared one of the foremost thinkers and religious teachers of America. This book and the one just described above will greatly assist you " to understand what is going on " and what this crisis is. All three of the books are needed by those who would be saved from it and out of it. This last book is a rational and logical examination and consideration from the standpoint of genuine Christianity of some of the leading ideas which have brought the great crisis of thought which is now upon the world and which all who think must face. Some of its chapter headings are : " The Divine Immanence," " Scientific World Build-ing," " Some Moral Aspects of the Evolution Theory," " Evolution and the World Prob-lems." Neatly bound in cloth. 271 pages. Price, postpaid, 75 cents. REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN., 222 N. Capitol St., Washington, D. C. 