EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 89 King and Queen of Castile," in which those devoted children of "the Church" piously sent him forth on his mission of discovery, and "the Constitution of the United States." Before that time Roman Catholic prelates in this coun-try were not anxious about increasing "the security of the national Constitu-tion ;" they regarded it as an atheis-tical and "godless" document set up in defiance of "the Church." But since that time there has been displayed by high representatives of the Roman Catholic Church a very different atti-tude toward that instrument, the first conspicuous example being the papal delegate Satolli. Although of course the Roman Catholic papers generally approved and echoed Quigley's senti-ments, we are glad to note that the Chi-sago Citizen, a newspaper published in his own diocese and edited by a promi-nent Roman Catholic and officially rep-resenting the Ancient Order of Hiber-nians and the United Irish Societies of Chicago and Cook County, did not do so, but on the contrary said: We believe in the American non-sec-tarian public school, and we believe in educating the youth of all races side by side, so that they may grow up as friends, trusting each other, not as enemies suspicious of one another. We believe it would be a fatal mistake to have the American public schools run, or controlled, by ecclesiastics of any creed. . . . The supremacy of the state, with all due respect to the able arch-bishop, is not denial of God. . . . The glory of America is that there is no state churchŠthat abomination of true religionŠwithin its borders ; no sec-tarian college of any kind maintained at the expense of the national govern-ment. It would be well if many Protestants who are not were as well grounded as this on the principle of separation of church and state. The Northwestern Christian Advocate sees in the utter- antes of Archbishop Quigley "another evidence" that "Roman Catholic ec-clesiastics" are determined upon "a serious effort to secure a division of the public [school[ funds for the support of Roman Catholic schools," and de-clares that "the un-American utter-ances of Cardinal Gibbons and Arch-bishop Quigley should open the eyes of the people to the importance of an amendment to the Constitution that will prohibit the use of public funds for the support of sectarian institutions." The Examiner (Baptist, New York) says: The archbishop has stated the issue fairly and squarely. He makes it per-fectly plain that the Roman hierarchy is antagonistic to our public-school sys-tem, and intends to overthrow it if it can. But "forewarned is forearmed," and the American people are less shrewd than we think they are if they can be taken in by such specious pleas. The public schools are by no means perfect, but they are serving a good purposeŠnot the least of which is that very alienation of the young from the bondage of medieval superstition of which the archbishop complainsŠand the good sense of the community will not suffer them to be overthrown. We shall see. What we shall see is this: When the adherents of the Roman Catholic Church have become numerous enough in this country and she has be-come powerful enough, as there are the strongest indications will be the case, Protestants will see her do in this matter just what they say she will never be allowed to do, and in doing it the Roman Catholic Church will point them for justification to the "Christian nation" decision of the Supreme Court which so many of them so gladly wel-comed and so thoroughly approve. She will ask them, in view of positions which they themselves have taken, what possible' objection they can make ; and they will not be able to answer her. 