728 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY flourish here more than in countries where state and church are united.. . . As to the point made by Dr. Geer, that the absence of religious education is responsible for, social and political evils from which we suffer grievously and that those evils would be prevented by such education, there is room for wide disagreement. Practically, are the graduates of religious schools better morally than the graduates of the pub- lic schools Infidelity is widespread, undoubtedly, but is it not among those who received a religious education in as great a ratio as among those whose education was in the schools conducted by the state? This is a question which can only be answered by statistics which it is difficult, if not impossible, to obtain. The practical question, after all, so far as concerns religious' educa-tion in the public schools, is as to the possibility of getting rid of this prohi-bition of the constitution of New York, in principle similar to that of the States generally, and the expediency of rais-ing an agitation for its excision: ",Article IX., section 4. Neither the State nor any subdivision thereof shall use its property or credit or any public money, or authorize or permit either to be used, directly or indirectly, in aid or maintenance, other than for exami-nation and inspection, of any school or institution of learning wholly or in part under the control or direction of any religious denomination, or in which any denominational tenet or doctrine is taught." If there is to be a constitutional amendment radically revolutionizing °the school system it must first be passed by two successive legislatures. Then it must be referred to the votes of citi-zens the majority of whom are hostile or indifferent to religion, or are op-posed to its introduction in the schools, on the ground that the only proper place for it is the home or the church. Which political party, as a matter of practical politics, would run the risk of championing such a cause and of the violent agitation which it would so surely provoke in the State? The interest of The Sun in this matter is evidently due largely to interest by  it in the principle and policy of true Americanism in the matter. Its atti-tude toward Mr. Geer's position and arguments is in harmony with that principle and policy. Immediately fol-lowing the publication of Mr. Geer's communication and its comment upon it there began to pour in upon The Sun "a great stream of correspondence on the subject," which it pronounced "an. amazing exhibition," and which evi-dently has not yet ceased. The letters came "from people of every phase of religious belief and religious infidel-ity," and were "uniformly distin-guished by great earnestness and much ability." It was not possible.  to print all or even more than a very small part" of the correspondence. But many letters and extracts from letters "typi-cal of the views of each of the consider-able schools of thought" have been published by The Sun. The longest communication published was one rep-resenting the Roman Catholic school of thought. It was from the chaplain of the Roman Catholic "Convent of Mercy" in New York City, which in-stitution is located in the midst of the wealthy residence section of the city. We cannot forbear quoting from it at length, for it also is significant and im-portant : How the Scheme Is to Be Carried ThroughŠA Bold Statement from a Roman Catholic Ecclesiastic We Catholics have been deeply im-pressed with two incontrovertible facts : First, when the public school was Protestant, a quarter of a century back, Catholic pupils were Protestant-ized more or less by attending it ; and, second, now that for ten years the pub-lic school system has been made neu-tral or colorless, the children suffer from the prevailing indifferentism in religion. Indifferentism is an influence of the hour, affecting all departments of human activity. It may be called 