PUBLISHERS' PAGE 659 Me 20agilmeil OF OMESSTllARI 01l23ERTV PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COFIPANY, II WEST 20TH ST., NEW YORK CITY. TERrlS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Single copy, per yearnths  $1.00 six   .50 " " three months   .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.25 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  7o Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In cace of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. Again we would call the attention of our subscribers to the fact that it is unsafe to send currency, whether in the form of bills or of silver, in letters, unless the letter is regis-tered. Scarcely a week passes but we receive Complaint from some one that they sent us money, which has never reached us. Read our special offer on another page. The remaining numbers of 1902 will be mailed to anyone not now a subscriber for 25 cents. This is an excellent opportunity to do mis-sionary work among your friends; not only by sending THE SENTINEL to them, but by inducing them to subscribe for themselves. There will be found four coupons in connec-tion with the announcement. Let every sub-scriber make an earnest endeavor to see that the four in his or her SENTINEL are used. TO FOREIGN SUBSCRIBERS. Please notice the date of expiration of your subscription, which appears each month on your wrapper. If it has expired, or will ex-pire within a month, renewal should.  be  made at once, as unrenewed subscriptions will be cut off from the list. From the author and publisher, Mr. D. E. Scoles, Washburn, Mo., we have received sev-eral numbers of the "Search Light Series," a little quarterly publication (6x3% inch, suit-able for slipping into an ordinary envelope) "devoted to present truth and temperance." We are glad to call attention to the latest number, entitled "Whisky: Parables, Poems, Facts, and Figures," which is all that its name indicates, for its forty-eight small pages are bristling with matter most pertinent to that appalling evilŠintemperance. This valuable little publication should be scattered far and wide, for the reading of it will help in a di-rection in which there is the most urgent need for helpŠa need that is realized as it should be by few. As it states, the drink bill in this country last year was about 81,225,850,000, or more than twice the amount spent for bread, more than three times the amount expended in printing and publishing, and more than six times the amount expended for public educa-tion; and annually ioo,000 people are literally killed in the United States by the use of strong drink, to say nothing of what is shown by the fact that in 1898 there were 8,000 mur-ders Łand 7,000 suicides directly traceable to the liquor traffic. Another number of this little quarterly is entitled "Sunday in a Nutshell," being a presentation of the direct statements of many eminent authorities on a question of great importance in the religious world. This little quarterly is furnished at the rate of 10 cents per year, or at so many cents per copy, depending upon the number of pages. Ad-dress the author and publisher at Washburn, Mo. I consider THE SENTINEL much Łimproved Its its make-up and think it now quite convenient to sell for ten cents to business men. It is good for reference also. Wis. P. GOULD. Ł I think THE SENTINEL is greatly improved and will most effectually raise the standard of Christian liberty by its faithful warning, good instruction and mechanical appearance. T. E. BOWEN. 