148 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY civil reason for it in the place of a re-ligious one ! Verily there is something in a name, after all. If it is wrong to interfere with per-sonal freedom on Sunday on religious groundsŠif such interference would in any case be an invasion of one's rightsŠit must be an invasion of rights and an injustice no matter how many changes may be rung upon the name under which the action is sought to be justified. The act of compelling a man to stop his work  and remain idle on Sunday could not be an invasion of his rights under one name, if it were not an invasion under every name ; since the act itself, and its effects upon him, remain precisely the same in every case. The admission that it would be unjust to prohibit work on Sunday, save for the allegedŁcivil necessity for such restraint, is fatal to the attempt to justify the Sunday laws. It is a confession of their injustice. Persecution the Work of a Few Bp Gen. William Birney, Washington, D. C. PERSECUTIONS for religion's sake are usually conducted by a small number of persons, while the masses of the people sympathize with the victims. The seeming exceptions are when, superadded to religious differ-ences, there are hatreds either racial or caused by war, or tyrannical feelings generated under despotic governments. In England, for the two centuries be-fore the death of Elizabeth, there were only four hundred heretics burned at the stake; and three hundred of these perished in the last three years of the reign of "bloody Mary" Tudor. During the same period the number of those burned in the Netherlands was about seventy-five thousand, and in Spain nearly as many. The great slaughter under Spanish rule was due principally to the passions fomented by the long wars in Spain against the Moors, Mo-riscoes, and Jews, and fostered by the despotic character of the royal govern-ment. In Scotland, about 1684, James II. be-gan to persecute Protestants. He used  "thumbkins" and "boots" for the torture of his victims. These instruments crushed the bones and marrow. James took delight in personally witnessing their operation and hearing the screams and entreaties of the sufferers. He was supported and lauded by a few clergy-men, but he was abhorred by the people. They called him "monster." When he fled from the country he left few friends in the Scottish lowlands. In New England, in the seventeenth century, the persecutions of the Baptists and Quakers, the scourgings, solitary confinements, ear clippings, tongue bor-ings, and hangings, were favored by zeal-ous preachers and by leading church members high in office ; but public opinion was outraged, and the rescues of victims became so numerous, and popular opposition so pronounced, that the persecutions were gradually aban-doned. What is true of religious persecutions in other times and lands is true of those that have been waged or that are likely 