Tao covigocil OF Ca-Man/AM 1L-11531E3717 VOL. XVI I I NEW YORK, THURSDAY, JANUARY 22, 1903 No. 4 Some of the " reform " forces that are in evidence in these days stand for reform backward; they would take the world back toward the Dark Ages, not forward to better and truer conditions. Ł If it is the duty of the state to give religious instruction it should not confine its efforts in this direction to the children. Judging by the reasons which are ad-vanced for the giving of such instruction by the state, there are far more adults than children in need of it. Ł It is just as much in violation of the last provision in Article VI. of the na-tional Constitution to debar a man from public office because of the religion to which he holds as it is to require him to hold to a certain religion as a condition to having a public office. In each case there is an application of a religious test as a qualification for office. To say that government should confine itself to secular, temporal affairs and leave religious, spiritual matters alone, is not to say that the temporal welfare of man is of more importance than his spiri-tual welfare. It is to say that the purpose for which government exists and for which it is adapted is the thing to which it should give attention, and that that for which it does not exist and with which it is utterly unfitted to deal is something that it should let alone. If the very sound proposition that a law which has no basis but a theological one is indefensible as a measure of civil legislation and should be given no place upon civil statute books, were fully car-ried into effect Sunday laws would com-pletely disappear ; at least exceedingly few of those now in existence would re-main. Ł In the nature of things the religious freedom with which government has to do is more than mere freedom of thought, freedom of faith. It is so nearly the truth that it may be said that freedom of thought is something with which govern-ment can have absolutely nothing to do ; that that is a freedom which government can neither guarantee nor take away. In the sphere of government religious liberty means not freedom of thought, freedom of faith, but freedom of action in obeying and practising what one thinks in religion Š not freedom of belief, but freedom to profess and practise in conduct and action what one believes. Ł With such stuff as the "Haegler chart" and the explanation and " reasoning " which go with it, together with advertise-ments of such books as " The Civil Sab-bath " and " Sabbath for Man," presented in a special public document printed for that purpose, it is evident that a very close relationship is being established between the Government at some points and some 