THE "LORD'S DAY" LAWS 135 The "Lord's Day" Laws are a Violation of the Equality of Rights, Guaranteed in the Consti- tution of the State, of Those Persons Who Observe the Seventh Day In Art. 1, Sec. 3, Declaration of Rights, it is said : All persons, demeaning themselves peace-ably, and as good citizens of the Common-wealth, shall be equally under the protection of the law; and no subordination of any one sect or denomination to another shall ever be established by law. It is plainly stated here that all persons demeaning themselves peaceably, and as good citizens of the Commonwealth, shall be equally under the protection of the law. Yet those persons who observe the seventh day as the Sabbath are allowed to work on the first day under the pro-vision that " they disturb no other per-son." Now this places these persons un-der a great inequality before the law with those who keep the first day. Those who keep the first day are not prohibited from disturbing those who keep the seventh day, but those who keep the seventh day are prohibited from dis-turbing those'who keep the first day. This shows the law to be a plain viola-tion of the provision in Art. 1, Sec. 3, Declaration of Rights. If it is urged that those persons who observe the sev-enth day are in a small minority, let it be remembered that rights do not stand upon majorities or minorities. The Conditions Created by Sunday Laws are not, as Claimed, in the Interests of Morality, but are Against it and Favor Immorality Sunday laws are not in the interests of morality as has been claimed for them, but facts show that they are in the in-terests of immorality and wickedness. While those who are religiously inclined may make the day one of religious ac-tivity, and a blessing, it is also true that to those who are not religiously inclined, and who are guided by no moral prin- ciple, it is a day of 'compulsory idleness, which is a condition that is anything but a blessing, and facts show that in too many cases it is a curse to them. Dr. W. W. Everts, a prominent Baptist clergyman, in " The Sabbath, Its De-fense," says : It were better no Sabbath were given to the poor than that they should spend it in dissipa-tion. Uninterrupted toil is not so debasing to the body, mind, estate, or character. Dr. Albert Barnes says on this subject, in " Barnes' Practical Sermons " : If we can have a Sabbath maintained by a healthful popular sentiment, rather than by human lawsŠa day when men shall delight to come together to worship God, and not a day of pastimeŠour country is safe. If the Sab-bath is not regarded as holy time, it will be regarded as pastime; if not a day sacred to devotion, it will be a day of recreation, of pleasure, of licentiousness. Since this is to be so, the question is: What is to be the effect if the day ceases to be a day of religious observance? What will be the effect of re-leasing a population of several millions one-seventh part of the time from any settled busi-ness of life? Can we safely close our places of business and annihilate all the restraints that bind us during the six days I' Can we turn out a vast population of the young with nothing to do, and abide the consequences of such a universal exposure to vice?' Can we safely dismiss our young men all over the land, with sentiments unsettled and with habits of virtue unformed, and throw them one day in seven upon' the world with nothing to doP One would suppose that the experiment which has already been made in cities of our land would be sufficient, to remove all doubt from every reasonable mind on the subject. Exten-sively in our large cities and their vicinities, this is a day of dissipation, of riot, of licen-tiousness, and of blasphemy. It is probable that more is done to unsettle the habits of virtue, and soberness, and industry, to pro-pagate infidelity, to lay the foundation of future repentance, of ignominy, to retard the progress of the temperance reformation, and to prepare candidates for the penitentiary and -the gallows, on this day than all the other days of the week. The Sabbath is an institution of tremendous power for good or evilŠnor is there any possible power in laws or in educa-tion that can during the six days, counteract 