SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  721 ganized in Chillicothe, Ohio, early in July, continues to create considerable stir in that city in pursuing its object, which is "the enforcement of laws against Sun-day desecration." It seems to have given most of its attention to baseball players, although it has had a number of saloon-keepers fined, and has threatened the ar-rest of all persons who engage in com-mon labor on Sunday or who offer for sale on that day ice-cream, cigars, cloth-ing, meat, confectionery, etc. Ten ball players, against whom the league had en-tered complaints, were allowed by a jus-tice recently to make a voluntary plea of guilty without being placed under arrest, and the complaints were dismissed on payment of one dollar and costs each by the players. The league didn't like this at all, claiming that it indicated "collusion of court with culprit," and through its at-torney, Judge Bitzer, has filed new com-plaints against the ten players. Affidavits have also been sworn out against the members of two other ball teams that have played in Chillicothe during the summer. These teams "have now been disbanded, and the players are scattered all over the United States, some being as far South as Memphis and New Or- leans," but at last accounts the league was seriously considerng the matter of having them brought back to stand trial. The sheriff of the 'county has expressed himself as perfectly willing to go after them if the league desires, for although "it will require hard work to find the twenty men," he is of the opinion that "under the law he has no other alterna-tive." Rev. H. W. Knowles, pastor of Grace Methodist Church, Duluth, Minn., and chaplain of the lower house of the Minne-sota legislature, who has been conducting a Sunday-enforcement crusade in Du-luth all summer, is now enlarging the  field of his operations in this respect. He has "inaugurated a movement having for its purpose the suppression of crime and the enforcement of Sunday laws through-out the States of Minnesota and Wiscon-sin. He has asked the support of Cath-olic as well as Protestant clergymen in the work, and declares that there is al-ready the greatest enthusiasm over the venture." He is quoted as saying : There is great need of better enforcement of the laws in municipal life throughout the two States. The association will seek, among other things, to put a stop to all professional baseball and open saloons on the Sabbath day. We have received much encouragement in our work, and before long hope to have a mem-bership embracing not only most of the clergy-men of Wisconsin and Minnesota, but a large number of law-abiding citizens who believe in decency and good order and who are op-posed to the corrupting influences which now mark the Lord's day. The Minneapolis Journal says that "a voluntary organization for the suppres- sion of crime that will stimulate the con- science, brighten the vision, and uphold the hands of officers responsible for the enforcement of law, may have a salirtary effect in any community," but that "when it comes to the enforcement of Sunday laws 1VIr. Knowles' organization should proceed very carefully. It should con-centrate its efforts on those laws that are supported by public opinion, and waste no time and strength on laws that, how-ever good, are vetoed by public opinion and cannot, therefore, ever be effectually enforced." But it is evident that it is ex-actly for the purpose of enforcing the Sunday laws that this organization is be-ing formed, and that it will practically have no other object. Anything that is not tainted with "Sabbath desecration" will be no crime to it. It will simply be one more organization of larger impor-tance added to those already devoted to the work of Sunday enforcement. 