342 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY city. For two or three days riot, pillage and murder, with horrible mutilations, cruelties and indignities, without regard for age or sex, prevailed. Consider-able portions of the Jewish quarters, in-cluding many synagogues, were wrecked, pillaged, and burned, and nearly one hun-dred Jews were killed and more than that number terribly maimed. The im-mediate cause of the outbreak was the circulation among the people of that product of ignorance, superstition and intolerance, the " ritual murder " charge against the Jews, which in this case, in the minds of the ignorant populace, was confirmed by circumstances. The out-break was expected by the authorities, but they did nothing to quell it until the third day, and then the Jews were for-bidden to defend themselves. And not only this, but if a document that has ob-tained credence is authentic, weeks be-fore the massacre the governor of the province was directed by the Russian Minister of the Interior, Plehve, to con-fine himself to " admonitions " in pre-venting and suppressing the expected outbreak and not to have recourse to arms at all. If this is true a large share of the responsibility for the atrocities rests directly upon the Russian government it-self. Of course it is impossible to con-demn sufficiently this atrocious out-break, °and the spirit which inspired it. Of course those who participated in it were not Christians, though undoubt-edly most of them professed to be. As we said last year with reference to the persecution of the Jews in Rumania, " to persecute is to repudiate Christianity; he who in the name of Christianity perse-cutes Jews is a thousand times less a Christian than is an honest-hearted, jus-tice-loving Jew." Christianity is a relig-ion of love and good will toward menŠall men, of whatever race or religionŠand they who persecute in its name are its worst enemies. In this terrible calam- ity which intolerance has brought upon their fellow-religionists in southwestern Russia, the Jews of the world, we are sure, have the heartfelt sympathy of every true Christian in the world. " Can Sunday Law Be Enforced Us-der Present Condition's ? " was the subject of a debate at an " open-house " meeting at the Y. M. C. A. in Marion, Ohio, on April 20. According to the Marion Star of the i9th " not all the questions dis-cussed since the inception of the present open-house programs have been of such general import," and " men prominent in the civic affairs of Marion " were to " be present to take part in the discussion." When the above subject is disposed of this one should be considered : " Should Sunday Laws Be Enforced Under Any Conditions ? " s " A strong protest " against the " run- Ł ning of Sunday excursions out of Cleve-land " was presented at a meeting of the Central Passenger Association in Chicago on May 13. It came from the Cleveland Sunday Union, and was based upon the -contention that Sun-day excursions are demoralizing. The reply of the association was that Sunday excursions gave poor people a chance to have a day's out-ing which could be afforded them in no other way, and that so long as the public appreciated and demanded the excursions they would be run. O " The law requiring saloons to remain closed on Sundays was observed " in Vancouver, Wash., on March 22 " for the first time in a number of years." This was due to the action of the prose-cuting attorney of the county. Sunday barbering is no more of a crime than is Monday barbering, and no legislation can change the fact. 