Ma &make§ COMUSTIAN LOMERTI7 A weekly publication devoted to the maintenance and defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore opposed to any violation or compromise of the principle of separa- tion of church and state. 'Non-sectarian and ' non-partisan in fhe application of Ł Ł 'principles. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Published by REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN., 222 N. Capitol St., Washington, D. C. To whom all communications of a business nature should be addressed. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, per year $1.00 six months  .5o ' " three months  .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.5o CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .yo Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. CorŁ respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to p v for it. "SABBATH REFORM" OPPRESSION IN PHILADELPHIA (Continued from page 799) of rest, therefore all the prosecutions that I have undertaken have been en-tirely confined to these two lines of business. It is a great source of satis-faction to me that while I have con-victed about 2,000 dealers so far, not one innocent man has been among the number. I am now awaiting with grow-ing confidence a move in the direction of law enforcement by Mayor Weaver. And so it is a source of great satis-faction to this chief inquisitor to know that among the many poor people who have been oppressed, persecuted and robbed during this "Sabbath reform" crusade in Philadelphia that there has  not been one who was innocent of the crime chargedŠthe crime of, , selling bread and meat and candy and cigars, etc I Fortunately for humanity not many people are so constituted that they could gather satisfaction in lie same position. It is only the few who have in them the material for the making of Torquemadas who can in such a sit-uation escape entirely the pangs of con-science and find instead "great satis-faction." The, idea that Sunday en-forcement is necessary in order "to secure every dealer in his weekly day of rest" is the same vicious idea which we have already noted. The laws of Pennsylvania have no right to " guar-antee every, worker the right to rest from his work one day in seven" by compelling all the people or any of them to rest on a certain day of the week. Such a high-handed and unwar-ranted act is not protection in the right to rest one day in seven, but denial of the right to work on one day of the seven. The sort of "protection" that the "Sabbath reform" religionists in Philadelphia allege that they are striv-ing "to secure to every dealer in tobacco and confections in the city," is a sort of protection which the law has no right to give and which it is selfish and vicious in anybody to expect and demand. One of the communications commend-ing the attitude of the Public Ledger was from some one signing himself "Pres-byter," who "as a clergyman of the church," said he wished to express his "absolute concurrence in the position taken by you on the question of the enforcement of the blue laws." He said of the Sunday-enforcement crusade that "it is a movement supported I doubt not by many conscientious Chris-tians, but one conceived in bigotry and born to the shame of the Chris-tian religion," which certainly should be the view of it held by all Christians. 