264 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY parties, does anybody believe that the " four " arbitrators would ever have agreed on the fifth member when the al-ternative was nothing less than the union of the United States and the Papacy in this working in " common accord " of " Pope Leo and President Roosevelt "? Governor Taft withdrew from Rome and carries on in Manila within his own sphere of government whatever more must be done. But with the utmost good intention and integrity to American prin-ciples of separation of church and state, especially in the matter of education, which he undoubtedly holds and will insist on, how can it be expected that he shall make headway at all against the papal tide there when that tide is indus-triously fed not only from Rome but from Washington itself, as in the appointment of papal Commissioner Smith to be a " member of the Philippine Commission and Secretary of Public Instruction in the government of the Philippine Islands "? But whatever Governor Taft may be able to accomplish in stemming the papal tide in the Philippines and through that  upon the United States itself, this can be only a question of time. For some day there will have to be a successor to Gov-ernor Taft. Indeed it is understood now that Governor Taft will before very long return to the. United States. And when there comes the time for the appointment of his successor in the Philippine govern-ment, if the appointee shall not be dic-tated by the Papacy itself, it is certain that he will have to .be a person entirely acceptable to the Papacy: And then when she shall have there a governor entirely acceptable to her, if not her very own, as in the case of At-torney Smith ; and has already there her very own as Secretary of Public Instruc-tion ; ana upon the Supreme Court de-cision insists that the Constitution does not apply in the PhilippinesŠwhat then can there be to hinder her from carrying on there exactly her own idea of things ? especially when she is backed up by "the demand of fifteen millions of American Catholics," as " a guarantee which no administration dare ignore " ? Assuredly she holds the lead in the game. Sunday Laws of England By W. A. Colcord ENGLAND is well provided with Sunday laws, having no less than twenty-four, all of which are in force at the present time. Of these eleven refer to manufactory and trading, eleven to the sale of liquor, five to amusements, five to traveling, two to the employment of young persons and women, and one to elections. The first was enacted in 1354 the last in 1887. The of fort to guard the day by law seems to have increased of later years, no less than sixteen of the foregoing having been enacted during the reign of Victoria alone. The first law, that passed in 1354  during the reign of Edward III., pro-hibits the showing of wool on Sunday. The next, passed in 1448, forbids all manner of fairs and markets " on the principal feasts, and Sundays, and Good Fridays." Ten others also include the principal feasts of the church, six of which were enacted during Victoria's reign. In this they are consistent, as the Sunday, and the other church festivals all stand on the same foundation, namely, the authOrity of the Roman Catholic Church. A law passed in 178o, under George III., and called, " An act for preventing 