The Kingdom of God By L. A. Smith IN these days when it is prophesied that " the kingdom of God is to enter the realm of law through the gateway of poli-tics," and so many earnest men and women are working to bring about the fulfilment of the prophecy, it is more than ever important that we understand the nature of that kingdom, as set forth by Him from whom all knowledge upon the subject must be derived. The Scriptures clearly teach that under the regime of sin and evil which now prevails in the world, and will prevail while this world remains, the kingdom of God cannot be a visible kingdom. This is contrary to the idea which has in all ages been cherished by many professed fol-lowers of Christ; but it is the truth, nevertheless. The idea that the king-dom of God was to be forcibly set up as a visible, glorious kingdom among the other kingdoms of earth, was cherished by the apostles themselves, and was the very last of their false notions to be given up. It was only after a bitter and trying experience that they did give it up. At one time, we read, as Christ was on His way to Jerusalem, accompanied by His disciples, " He added and spake a parable, . . . because they thought that the kingdom of God should im-mediately appear." Luke 19 :I r. The parable was that of the nobleman who went into a far country to receive a king-dom, and to return; and by it He taught that the kingdom is not to appear until the return of the nobleman, that is, until the return of Christ, which will be at His second coming in the clouds of heaven. At another time the Pharisees came to Him and asked when the kingdom of God should come. The Pharisees and all the Jews were looking eagerly for the resto-ration of the kingdom of David and deliv- erance from the yoke of Rome. In reply the Saviour said : " The kingdom of God cometh not with observation ; neither shall they say, Lo, here ! or Lo there ! for behold, the kingdom of God is within you." Luke 17:21. It is directly against this plain declaration that many are zeal-ously working to-day in Christ's name. They are striving to make the kingdom of God come with observation. They are trying to give it a triumphal entry " through the gateway of politics." There is nothing more conspicuous to-day than events which come as the result of polit-ical agitation. The political arena is the cynosure of all eyes. Nothing can issue out of it without attracting world-wide notice. Such efforts must result in utter fail-ure; for the word cannot fail : " The kingdom of heaven cometh not with ob-servation." The nature of that kingdom has not changed since the days of the apostles. The kingdom of God is within the hearts of those who, in spirit and in truth, worship God. The kingdom is now the kingdom of grace, and men enter into it through faith. When faith comes into the heart, the kingdom of God comes with it. The individual's allegiance is transferred from the author of sin to the Author of righteousness. The heart be-comes the temple of God, the habitation of His throne. When the grace of GodŠ" which bringeth salvation "Šhas done its work in the worldŠwhen all have received it who will, and the " mystery of God " is finishedŠJesus Christ will leave the sanctuary in heaven, where He is now High Priest before the heavenly mercy seat (Heb. 8:1, 2), and will " appear the second time," in the clouds of heaven, unto the salvation of those who look for 