A QUESTION OF PRINCIPLE 235 ippines she will have made an immense stride toward success in her campaign for the same thing in the United States. No wonder this point in the Philippine mat-ter is to her one " of an importance so capital." All this makes the question  of religion in the public schools, or of public support of religious teaching, a very live and important one. The matter in THE SENTINEL of three weeks hence will relate especially to this subject, and something good will be presented. A Question of Principle and not of Secta- rianism, nor of Numbers By A. E. Place* I FAVOR this bill because I think our lawmakers should be relieved from the stigma of maintaining religious legisla-tion, and that honest American citizens should be free from legislative restriction in a matter of religion. It has been clear-ly shown that the calls for Sunday laws come from the church, and that the legis-lation is religious legislation. It is evi-dent that if it were not for the religious character of the day there would be no more legislation respecting Sunday than there is respecting the Fourth of July or Washington's birthday. One speaker here to-day has claimed that those who favor this bill are here in the interests of legislation for the seventh day. Nothing could be farther from the truth. Every true Seventh-day Adventist would oppose a Sabbath or Saturday law as sincerely and vigorously as a Sunday law, for the matter to them is a broad question of principle and not of secta-rianism. Our contention with respect to Sunday legislation is not dependent upon our belief and practise in the matter of Sabbath observance. Were this not so we would not hold to the position concerning the exemption clause expressed here to-day. It is because we are contending * Mr. Place, who is a Seventh-day Adventist minister, was to have spoken at the hearing  reported last week, but the time expired before he had an opportunity to do so. He has favored us with this report of what would have been his remarks, which we take especial pleasure in presenting  here. Though not delivered at the hear-ing, these intended remarks are certainly worthy of a wide reading.ŠEDITOR.  impartially for the broad principle of religious freedom and separation of church and state that we cannot endorse an exemption clause even in our own be-half. We believe that the moment we admit that the state has the right to exempt people from performing religious duties and observing religious rites we admit that it has the right to require the performance of religious duties and the observance of religious rites, and, of course, whenever it chooses, to rescind any exemption it may have granted. This is to admit that the control of religious matters should be in the hands of the majorityŠ that the individual should be subject to the majority in matters of faith and worship. But every one should know full well that this is utterly antagonistic to the principle of religious liberty. All the persecutions of the past were carried on by majorities against sincere, God-fearing minorities. That well-known historian, Dr. Philip Schaff, in his " History of Church and State in the United States," has well said : " Secular power has proved a satanic gift to the church, and ecclesiastical power has proved an engine of tyranny in the hands of the state." No matter how honest may be the churchmen who call for religious laws, or how sincere may be the law-makers who enact the will of the church into law, the whole history of the past, together with the teachings of the good 