5 18 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY a large number of people, all of whom are devoted to the Christian religion. Upon information and belief deponent fur-ther says that the aforesaid Beckler is of the Hebrew religion, and that within the past two weeks and each and every day thereof, in-clusive of Saturdays and Sundays of each week, the aforesaid Beckler has been doing business at his establishment at the place afore-said. That the operation of said establishment on the first days of said weeks, commonly called Sunday, is not a work of necessity. That there are a large number of sewing machines used in said establishment and they are operated and were operated on said days, particularly on the Sundays of said weeks, with loud noise; and interfered with the re-pose and religious liberty of this deponent and of the community wherein said factory is lo-cated, and against the peace and dignity of the people. Deponent further says that the aforesaid Beckler has been requested by the deponent and others to cease active operations of said factory and cease the clanging and noise of said operations on the first day of the week, but has refused to do so ; and by reason of the operations upon the aforesaid Sundays the repose and religious liberty of the deponent and the community are interfered with. Wherefore, this deponent prays that a warrant issue against the aforesaid Beckler in the form of the statute in such case made and provided. Ł A warrant was issued, and was to be served on Beckler. It would be inter-esting to have an explanation of just how the religious liberty of the deponent and the community was interfered with by the work complained of. The fact that it was noisy and not " a work of necessity " does not show that it was an interference with anybody's religious liberty. The running of freight and passenger trains (which is a common thing in New York State on Sundays) is a noisy proceeding and scarcely more deserves to be called a work of necessity than does the manu-facture of clothing; bat nobody ever com-plains that this interferes with their re-ligious liberty. The fact is that nobody has the right to make any such complaint I-o the civil arkhorities. The business of  the civil law is to protect the civil, social liberty of the citizens, not their religious liberty. Its business is to protect citizens in their rights as between man and man, and they have no right to expect anything more. If Beckler has not interfered with some civil right of those who complain against him, then the only interference with religious liberty in this case is the interference of parties " devoted to the Christion religion " With the social and civil right to work and engage in honest industry of an adherent " of the Hebrew religion " because he does not observe an institution of their religion. It is just this sort of interference with religious libertyŠinterference with social, civil rights at the behest of religious zeal and bigotryŠthat it is the business of the law to prevent. But it is New York's " re-ligious liberty " legislation that makes this interference legally possible. It would be well if New York would wipe out its legislation dealing with " crimes against religious liberty and conscience," and at-tend to its proper work of protecting the civil, natural, human rights of its citi-zens, the exercise of whiCh, on Sunday the same as at other times, is no inter-ference with any right that it is the busi-ness of organized society to guard. Justice Gaynor of thq Supreme Court of New York has recently declared that the enforcement of the Sunday laws is made the occasion of the exercise of un-warranted power by the police. He says that most of the Sunday-law violations are offenses for which the offender should merely be cited by the officer to appear in court, instead of being arrested and hauled off to the police station, and sometimes imprisoned. He says that the law does not warrant this common pro-cedure with regard to such offenses, and that it is an outrage upon the legal rights of the accused. He was led to make this declaration by a recent instance in 