SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  127 makers of the State have said it shall be observed." The Herald, of that place, says this is the first time it has known the Sunday law to be invoked in North Yakima. Some of the people of Halifax, N. S., object to the stir and bustle occasioned on the waterfront of that city on Sun-days by the arrival and departure of the Allan Line steamers for Liverpool. As a result it is said that "the postoffice and railway departments and the steamship company are having no small difficulty in arranging the mail service from Hali-fax to England during the coming winter so as to avoid as far as possible Sabbath disturbance." The steamship company has arranged to have the steamer call at Halifax on Mondays, but this will necessitate the carrying of mails and the running of trains from the n-terior to Halifax on Sundays. The Retail Clerks' Association in Minneapolis recently caused the arrest of R. S. Keeler, a furnishing goods deal-er of that city, on the charge of "having violated the Sabbath by selling goods in his store on Sunday." Mr. Keeler says he was in his store opening his mail when a man entered and desired to purchase an umbrella, and he sold one as an accommodation. The man was a member of the clerks' association, and he at once brought action against the merchant. The Minneapolis Times gives this explanation of the philosophy upon which the clerks' association proceeds : "The association thinks that if an em-ployer tells his clerk he must work on Sunday or lose his job, the clerk will work. By getting after the employers and making it impossible for them to transact business on the Sabbath, the clerks will not be called upon to work." The Barberton (Ohio) Leader, of De-cember 13, published five different sets of resolutions which called atention to "a growing disposition on the part of business men of this city to desecrate the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday, by keeping open their places of business for the purpose of selling and exposing for sale their wares," and calling upon the mayor "to close all places of business upon said day in accordance with the laws of this commonwealth." These res-olutions, slightly differing in phrase-ology, had been adopted on the preced-ing Sunday by the five churches of Bar-berton, and were a part of an agitation by the ministerial association of the city for Sunday enforcement. What is said to be the only organiza-tion of the kind in the State was recently organized at the court-house in Marlin, Texas, where a large number of dele-gates, representing nearly every com-munity in the county, were in attend-ance. It is known as the Falls County Sabbath League, and is another addi-tion to the forces which stand for en-forced Sunday observance. The county and city attorneys addressed the conven-tion, and Judge B. H. Rice was elected president, and Senator Julian J. Swann first vice-president. It is said that those In attendance "were greatly enthused over the movement and will put forth their best efforts to strengthen the or-ganization in all parts of the county." The Philadelphia Sabbath (Sunday) Association reports that the "efforts to reduce to a minimum the work of de-livering milk on Sunday are meeting with gratifying success," and that cus-tomers are taking milk either on Satur-day or at an early hour Sunday morning. It is also reported that efforts are in 