7The offaell CllVENTUAR! 1.023ERTY VOL. XVIII NEW YORK, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1903 No. 35     The Canadian Sunday- In view of the cam- Enforcement Movement Ł ŠIts Strength, Char- paign now under way acter, and Spirit in Canada for a more rigorous national Sunday law informa-tion as to the strength, character, purpose, and spirit of the organization behind that campaign is especially pertinent. This or-ganizationŠthe " Lord's Day " Alliance of CanadaŠis, of course, religious in character and purpose. Its membership is gathered from the churches, it is manned by clergymen, and its object is the maintenance of a religious observance Šby law. Its strength is greatest in On-tario, where it originated, about two-thirds of the entire membership being in that Province. The Ontario organization is therefore the leading and controlling force, the headquarters of the national organization being at Toronto. From the report of the secretary at the last annual meeting of the Ontario organization, held in the Jarvis Street Baptist Church in Toronto on November 7 last, it appeared that the membership in the Province had doubled within two years, having in-creased from 5,000 to io,000. At that time there were 220 branch organizations in the Province, but according to the re-port at the late meeting of the executive committee of the national organization at Ottawa there are now 255 branches, an increase in the last nine months of thirty-five branches. At that time, too., the en-tire membership in the Dominion was given as 16,000, but now it is given as 22,000. So it appears that the organiza-tion is growing rapidly. And more than  that, it is securing powerful allies. In a report at the above meeting, after speak-ing " with gratitude of the increasing in-terest in the work of the Alliance " and saying that " the press is becoming more sympathetic " and " that Methodists, Presbyterians, Baptists, Congregational-ists, Catholics, and Anglicans are uniting with us in working for Sunday observ-ance," General Secretary Shearer " es-pecially mentioned the assistance given by leading dignitaries of the Roman Cath-olic Church and " that the movement is being supported with increasing interest by trades and labor organizations." " 'Workingmen " were " waking up," and " organized labor was " growingly in earnest in standing with the Alliance in defense of the rest and quiet of the Lord's Day." Cries of " Hear ! " " Hear ! " from all parts of the congregation greeted the statement, " We have been deeply gratified with the hearty cooperation that has been coming from our Roman Cath: olic friends." A letter from " his grace, Archbishop O'Brien, of Halifax," was in-' corporated in the report, in which he said : I may state emphatically, and you can make use of it, that I and my people are conscien-tiously opposed to all unnecessary secular work on Sunday, and we respectfully but strongly urge upon governments and all cor-porations. as well as individuals, not to infringe upon the day of rest, except in cases of real necessity. The " Bishop of Algoma " had " also set the seal of his approval upon the work of the Alliance," and when the secretary was through " Rev. Dr. Hill, president 