EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 649 ing the question, Which Bible ? by re-Plying in the affirmative to this in- quiry. A short time after this at a meeting of the New York City school superintendents it was " decided to in-clude the Douay Bible in the list of supplies, and to permit any teacher who may desire to do so to call for such Bibles for use." So it seems that in New York the policy of letting the teacher decide the inevitable question, Which Bible ? obtains. Of course, if there is to be Bible reading, this is the best policy. The above incident drew fro'm The Independent this very proper comment : Of course Superintendent Skinner was right ; it is just as fair to use the Catholic Bible, which tells the people to " do penance," as to use the Prot-estant, or King James, Bible. But this illustrates the blundering policy of those strict Protestant religionists who insist that the Bible be read in the schools as a daily religious service. It can breed nothing but quarrels. If the Protestant version is read, it will be regarded as a Protestant service, which Catholics will object to, and conversely if the Catholic version is read. It is better to have no religious service than a quarrelsome one. It is far better that the state should teach no religion. Leave that to the church; and if the church can not teach the young, then the church has lost its best function and power. It was also very pertinently pointed out by The Independent that now under the provision authorizing Bible reading there can be religious read-ings in the New York schools " from ' Judith," Susanna,' and Bel and the Dragon,' [these apocryphal books being included in the Catholic Bible and con-sidered as of equal authority with the other books]," and that " if there should be a school with Chinese chil-dren here in New York and with a Chinese teacher, it would be his duty to read from Confucius ; or in a school  amid a colony of Syrians the teacher might read from the Koran." Certainly the policy of those Protestants who in-sist that the Bible shall be used as a re-ligious book in the public schools is a blundering one. It is to be hoped that they will not adopt the still more blun-dering policy of insisting that the state shall authoritatively decide that their Bible and their version of it is " the Bible " that is to be read in the schools, and that all others are excluded. In speaking to a large audience in Des Moines, Iowa, recently on " prob-lems confronting labor," Dr. H. 0. Breeden, pastor of the Central Church of Christ of that city, made this sig-nificant utterance : If it [unionism] is ever to furnish the panacea for our labor ills it must broaden and deepen its life currents on the moral ideas that affect the wel-fare of the laboring man. It must join the churches everywhere in the pro-tection of Sunday as a day of rest and recreation. It means more to the labor-ing man to have all unnecessary work done away with on the Lord's day than to anyone else. Here is a place for effectively using the splendid mach-inery of organized labor. Contrary to our expectation two weeks ago the transfer of The Senti-nel to its nEmv quarters has made neces-sary the omission of one issue, so that there was none for October 8. We regret this, but in view of the interrup-tion and delay in the work of getting out the paper necessarily incident to such a transfer we feel that our readers and friends will pardon the omission. In order that the sub-scribers may lose nothing all subscrip-tions will be advanced one week, or rather the paper will be sent to all subscribers now on the list one week longer than the time to which they have paid. 