754 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY slaved labor" can justify legislative de-nial of the right to labor on one day of the week, it is not too much to suppose that it can justify its restriction and de-nial at other times. If it can be shown that the cause of "enslaved labor" is in-jured by those who work in the places of those who are out on strike, why is it not just as proper and right to prohibit such labor by law as it is to prohibit men from working on Sunday on the assump-tion that freedom to work on that day would be detrimental to the interests of workingmen generally ? But anybody can see that a denial of the right to work would be no less a wrong when done by the authority of the law than when done by a mob. So far as society at large is concerned the first would be the far greater wrong. The shame and dishonor attaching to the dee& of mobs does not rest upon society at large except in a very remote degree, for society does not endorse outrages of mobs which disregard and defy its au-thority, but puts them down as soon as possible. But when human rights are disregarded and trampled upon in the enactment and enforcement of the public laws, and society, by whose authority the laws are Łenacted and enforced, calmly acquiesces in it, then, indeed, does all the shame and dishonor of the wrong rest upon it ; and it cannot offer even the ex-cuse that the mob can, for the mob does not pretend to be bound by the rules of right and justice, while society does; it can plead that it was overwhelmed by frenzy and passion which temporarily blinded it to the claims of right and jus-tice, while society cannot. We are well aware that the denial of the right to work in the matter to which we have directed attention in this article cannot command the widespread public interest and attention that its denial com-mands in the matter to which the quota- tions given have reference. We know that no wide and deep public concern can exist with regard to any matter unless a great many people come to feel that it is something in which their own interests are vitally concerned. And we know that the condition of things is such that this matter to which we have called attention is not something in which the great mass of the people are ever likely to feel that their rights and interests are menaced, what-ever may be the principle involved in it, although it is of course a fact that in the great centers of population a considera-ble proportion of the people are coming to feel that in one respect at least Sun-day legislation is an unwarrantable inter-ference with their liberty as citizens, and hre speaking out in no uncertain terms to that effect, being supported in their protest by leading clergymen and citizens. We refer to that phase of Sun-day legislation which prohibits the sale of liquors on Sunday. It is curious that it is at this point, and only at this point, that any considerable number of people can discover that Sunday legislation is in-consistent with American principles of government, and that it is only at this point that any widespread popular oppo-sition can be aroused against such legis-lation. This is something upon which so-ciety can hardly pride itself. But it is not likely that the real outrage upon hu-man rights that is perpetrated by Sunday legislationŠthe denial of the right to do honest laborŠwill ever arouse any con-siderable proportion of the people. In this respect this legislation coincides with the convenience of the great mass of the people, so that they are made to feel no inconvenience or hardship from it, and as that will continue to be the case, it is not likely that they will ever be aroused by the injustice of such legislation to the few who do feel its oppression. And so we do not expect any such pop- 