396 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY cants : tea and coffee. And of these the same high authority further says : Even the cup so often said to "cheer, but not inebriate," [tea] cannot be regarded as alto-gether free from the last-named effect. . . . Tea-sots are well known to be affected with palpitation and irregularity of the heart, as well as more or less sleeplessness, mental irri-tability, and muscular tremors, which in some culminate in paralysis ; while positive intoxi-cation has been known to be the result of the excessive use of strong tea.ŠArt. Drunken-ness. Coffee belongs to the medicinal or auxiliary class of food substances, being solely valuable for its stimulant effect upon the nervous and vascular systems. It produces a feeling of buoyancy and exhilaration.ŠArt. Coffee. Theine of tea is an alkaloid identical with the caffeine that is obtained from coffee.ŠArt. Tea. And the empyreumatic oil of coffee is identical with one of the essential poi-sons of tobacco smoke. It is thus that "from tea to hasheesh we have, through hops, alcohol, tobacco, and opium, a sort of graduated scale of intoxicants." Of tea and coffee as intoxicants an-other unquestionable authority says : To a certain extent tea produces intoxica-tion. It enters into the circulation, and grad-ually impairs the energy of body and mind. It stimulates, excites, and quickens the motion of the living machinery, forcing it to unnatural action, and thus gives the tea-drinker the im-pression that it is doing great service in im-parting to him strength. This is a mistake. Tea draws upon the strength of the nerves, and leaves them greatly weakened. When its influence is gone and the increased action caused by its use is abated, then what is the result ?ŠLanguor and debility corresponding to the artificial vivacity the tea imparted. When the system is already overtaxed and needs rest, the use of tea spurs up nature, by stimulation, to perform unwonted, unnatural action, and thereby lessens her power to per-form, and her ability to endure, long before Heaven designed they should. Tea is poison-ous to the system. The second effect of tea-drinking is head-ache, wakefulness, palpitation of the heart, in- digestion, trembling of the nerves, with many' other evils. The influence of coffee is in a degree the same as tea, but the effect upon the system is still worse. Its influence is exciting, and in the degree that it elevates above par, it will exhaust and bring prostration below par. Tea and coffee drinkers carry the marks upon their faces. The skin becomes sallow, and assumes a lifeless appearance. The glow of health is not seen upon the countenance. Tea and coffee do not nourish the system. The relief obtained from them is sudden, be-fore the stomach has time to digest them. This shows that what the users of these stim-ulants call strength is only received by excit-ing the nerves of the stomach, which convey the irritation to the brain, and this in turn is aroused to impart increased action to the heart and short-lived energy to the entire sys-tem. All this is false strength that we are the worse for haying. Tea and coffee do not give a particle of natural strength. Another eminent scientific, physiolog-ical and medicinal authority says : Tea and coffee are merely stimulants that seem to replace appetite for food, and serve as transient substitutes, but they are not nourish-ing, and in excess they are likely to cause in-digestion, loss of appetite, headaches, peevish-ness, nervousness, muscular tremors, sleepless-ness, and irregular heart action, loss of flesh and general debility. They belong among drugs rather than foods, and have uses at times for those who have not become habitu-ated to them. The nerves are subject_ to two directly oppo-site influences or effects resulting from the use of so-called stimulants. The first is truly a stimulating, goading, or irritating effect, which, carried to the extreme, results in spasms, or convulsive explosions in the nerve centers, and such is the effect of the active principles of tea and coffee; and to apply this sort of influence day after day is to tire out or exhaust the nervous system, by keeping it keyed up too high, and though tea and coffee do not inebriate, they do intoxicate to some extent. The second influence the nerves are subject to is of precisely the opposite kindŠan anaes-thetic, depressing, deadening or paralyzing effect, such as is provided by alcohol in greater or less degree, as it is used much or little in wines, beers, or liquors. 