EDITORIAL 421 lar business or trade in which they are engaged shall be completely suspended on the first day of the week. No doubt it is well to have uniformity in the con-duct of each business and trade, but it is going too far when this is secured by coercion. Ł Self-government and liberty are ex-ceedingly broad subjects. Read careful-ly the first article in this number and see the close connection between tea and cof-fee drinking and government by the peo-ple. And then ask yourself if what is in-volved in this apparently insignificant matter of the' indulgence in these com-mon beverages does not lie at the very root of the whole matter of self-govern-ment. Swiftness to anger and uncontrol-lableness of spirit is perhaps the most common manifestation of the impairment of the faculty of self-government in the individual, and certainly at the last it is the most conspicuous and inevitable ac-companiment of its overthrow. There-fore it is of the highest importance that indulgences which produce mental irrita- bility should be avoided, and it is quite possible that he who has forsaken such an indulgence has done more in the di- rection of real self-government than if he had performed some great political act, for it is the truth that "he that is slow to anger is better than the mighty, and he that ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city." With regard to one of the excuses now offered for the brutalities practised by the American military forces in the Phil-ippines, the New York Evening Post well observes : "To fall back on the miserable sophistry that 'war is hell' is only another way of making out those who engage in that kind of war to be fiends." Those journals which once declared that Ameri-ca could never do in the Philippines what  other nations have done in similar under-takings now have the inglorious task of excusing and palliating what they were so sure could never be. Their conten-tion now that these brutalities have no connection with the policy in behalf of which they have been committed is just as far from the truth as was their confi-dent assertion in the first place that no such things would ever come to pass. They who insist upon waging war upon another people simply because they want to rule them do not make their cause any better by shouting that "war is hell." If that is what war is, so much greater is the guilt of those who, knowing exactly what it is, bring it upon others without any warrant or excuse but their own wilful-ness. Ł Mr. Malcolm R. Birnie, an officer of the "good citizenship" department of the New York Christian Endeavor Union, was not pleased with the condition of affairs which obtained in the Jewish quar-ter on the East Side during the two Sun-days of the Passover season. Mayor Low Ł had directed that the Jews be not molested in their Sunday trading, and Mr. Birnie, who went down to see the push-carts, peddlers, boxes, baskets, etc., on one Sunday, pronounced the whole thing "a disgrace, and worse even than was ever known in the palmiest days of Tammany Hall." "It is painfully evi-dent," he said further, "that the Chris-tian people have no rights and very little protection in this section of the city. The American Christian Sabbath is ignored." As long as the disciples of "good citizen-ship" hold this attitude of mind their cause will deserve to make no progress whatever. The idolatrous veneration in which they hold the legal Sunday blinds them alike to fairness, justice and good government. They prefer the rule of their idol and Tammany to the rule of 