SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must he a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. The chief of police of Stamford, Conn., has been ordered by the mayor "to close the clothing stores on Sunday." a The barbers' union in Camden, N. J., recently appointed a committee " to inter-view the mayor in reference to closing of barber shops on Sunday." The Sunday closing of " every business house excepting drug stores, restaurants and hotels " was ordered by the mayor of Cape Girardeau, Mo., on April 25. On April 25 the marshal of Hearne, Texas, " notified all the merchants that they must observe the Sunday law by keeping their places of business closed." A resolution " instructing the city at-torney to prepare an ordinance covering all kinds of Sunday business which may be found prohibited by the State law " was adopted by the city council of Webb City, Mo., on April 30. It was reported by the Springfield (Mo.) Republican of May 3 that "an effort is being made by a number of our citizens to have the business places of the city closed on Sunday and to secure a day of rest for our laboring men." a On March 3o the clerks' union in Duluth, Minn., caused the arrest and fining of several clothing merchants for Sunday selling. " It is the intention of the union to carry on a vigorous prose-cution of all violation of the Sunday law." a The manager of the American Theater  in New York was arrested on April 19 on the charge of " violating the charter by allowing vaudeville sketches and a boxing match to take place on Sunday night." When he was arraigned an adjournment was granted. a A bill permitting the opening of barber shops on Sunday in the city of Niagara.  Falls was introduced in the New York legislature early in April at the request of the barbers of the city. The Central Labor Council went " on record as being opposed to the measure." a Merchants of Cleburne, Texas, have been notified by the county attorney " that violations of penal code articles Nos. 199 and 200, which prohibit the sale of cigars, tobacco, etc., on Sunday, will be vigorously prosecuted." " Ice and ice-cream may be sold." 0 Michael Cohn, a clothing merchant, and Abe Lebovitz, a clothing-store clerk, were arrested in Albany, N. Y., on May 4. " on the charge of violating section 267 of the penal code by selling goods on Sunday." David Brown, another dealer, was the complainant in both cases. a At La Crosse, Wis., on April 3o a jury acquitted Wm. Priebe, a non-union barber who had been arrested on complaint of a representative of the barbers' union for Sunday barbering. " The evidence showed that Priebe kept his shop open and shaved several parties, but the jury found him ' not guilty.' " a S. C. Bohannon, a grocer of Terre Haute, Ind., was fined on April 23 for 