214 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the State determine whether or not a man conscientiously believes in and observes a day as the Sabbath? Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the committee, the principle of this exemp-tion clause, of this Lord's day law, is the principle which led to the establishment of the Inquisition and to the persecution to the death of millions of the best people of the earth. The Inquisition was the logical result of the attempt to rule the consciences of men; it was necessary in order to wring from them the secrets of their hearts; in order to find out just what they conscientiously believed. I appeal to you, gentlemen of this committee, how can we undertake to require and compel men to conscientiously believe in and observe a day as the Sabbath without adopting the principle of the Inquisition and starting on the road which leads to the rack, the thumb-screw, and the stake? I am not straining the point, for the principle of all this is in this Lord's day " statute and its exemption. This exemption clause also provides that those exempted must actually refrain from secular labor and business on the seventh day. That is, they must do none other things than those that are religious and sacred on that day. It needs nothing more than this to show that this exemption clause is a religious measure, and only religious. But how can it be other-wise? It is a part of a thoroughly religious law. Another point. This exemption clause is class legislation, for it permits the class which observes the seventh day of the week re-ligiously to work on Sunday, while prohib-iting all others from doing so. It relieves one class from requirements which it imposes upon all not belonging to that class. The man who does not conscientiously and religiously observe the seventh day is treated as a crim-inal if he does what others are permitted by the law to do. For these reasons, Mr. Chairman and mem-bers of the committee, I am opposed to the existing Sunday law of Massachusetts, and am in favor of the bill before you, which pro-vides for all that the State has the right to require with regard to a weekly rest day. Fallacy of "Civil" Arguments for Sunday Legislation Mr. G. E. Fifield, of Lynn, spoke as follows : Mr. Chairman, and Gentlemen of the Com-mittee: I am to speak to you on the fallacy  of the " civil arguments for Sunday legisla-tion. Nothing could better show the fallacy and hypocrisy of these arguments in a gen-eral way than to simply call your atten-tion to certain well known facts in this House. For years there have been almost constantly before this House various Sunday bills having for their manifest object the securing of a better observance of the first day of the week as the " Lord's Day," or " Christian Sabbath." I have myself had the privilege of speaking against perhaps a dozen of these bills. Those who have appeared in favor of these bills have almost invariably declared that they were not asking for religious legislation, as they knew that such legislation was against the genius of our American institutions. They only wanted, so they said, a Sunday law for civil reasons. But the end sought was religious. They seem to think that they can make a religious law civil by simply calling it so. A dele-gation of clergymen once called upon Abra-ham Lincoln with reference to some meas-ures which they called " civil," but which he knew to be religious. Mr. Lincoln tried to check their flow of eloquence by saying, " Gentlemen, it is not often a man is hon-ored with a delegation direct from the Al-mighty." Still they proceeded with their " civil " arguments till Mr. Lincoln brought them up short by asking, " Gentlemen, if you call a calf's tail a leg, how many legs has that calf ?" The clergymen answered, " Five." Mr. Lincoln said, " No." " Why, yes," they said. "If you call his tail a leg, he has five legs, hasn't he? "Ł Again the President an-swered, " No! " In wonder the clergymen asked, " Why? " " Because," said Lincoln, "calling his tail a leg does not make it a leg." So, gentlemen, calling these laws " civil " does not make them civil, for they are religious. If there is anything these people do not want it is a civil Sunday. If they do want a civil Sunday why do they oppose this bill, which is the only truly civil Sunday bill ever in-troduced here, so far as I know? This bill provides for every physical need of a weekly rest. The bill does not satisfy them simply because it is civil. Europe has a civil Sunday. In continental Europe, aside from the fact that those who wish to, go to church on that day, Sunday is much like the yearly holidays. But the Sunday-law workers here are constantly asking for " civil " laws to prevent " our American Sabbath " from " degenerating into the Continental Sunday." In other words, they are asking for what they 