702 THE SENTINEL OF St. 'I went to the store to see my husband-to-be,' said Miss Sperber to Magistrate Ommen when arraigned in the Yorkville police court this morn-ing. 'We had an engagement for the afternoon, and he was closing up the store when a few minutes before twelve o'clock a customer living in the neigh-borhood came in to get a loaf of bread for his family. Thinking there could be no harm in selling a man a loaf of bread, I wrapped it up and took the five cents. Then this officer arrested me.' Magistrate Ommen said he would have to fine the young woman $5 under the law, although he was sorry to do it." Yes, it is the Sunday law that is responsible for this disgraceful in-cident. George Crockett, a barber, was re-cently prosecuted and fined at Neo- desha, Kan., "for keeping his barber shop open on Sunday." Immediately following this, though not regarded as "entirely the result of the prosecu-tion," the "retail dealers in groceries, drygoods, clothing, boots and shoes, furnishings and millinery" instituted a Sunday-closing movement. The pros-ecution of Crockett "was caused by the other barbers to avoid the Sunday work, as they could not get off on Sunday unless they kept all the shops closed on that day." "The same plan will be worked with the merchants. Should any of them persist in keeping open on Sunday hereafter they will be prosecuted promptly," and "the county attorney has shown his willing-ness to act in the matter by his pros-ecution of Crockett." "Restaurants, drug stores, meat markets and news stands are considered public, necessi-ties on Sunday, and will not be ex-pected to close." At Anderson, Ind., on October 11 the manager of the opera house and "his attaches," and the manager and mem-bers of the theatrical company giving a performance, were arrested, "charged with violating the Indiana Sunday law by giving and assisting in giving a theatrical performance on Sunday." The arrests were made on the affidavit  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of the manager of the local bill post-ing company, and were thought to be the result of "spite work" on his part. But "it developed that church members were persuaded to attend the perform-ance in order to secure evidence." Another play was given on the follow-ing Sunday, and again the manager of the opera house and the manager and members of the company were ar-rested, but this time "on complaint filed by the Rev. Mr. Martin, of the Episcopal church." On "affidavits made in the first city criminal court on information fur-nished the police by members of the Association of Clothing and Drygoods Clerks," three keepers of small stores, Leopold Welch, George Navo, and Julius Bowsky, were arrested as "vio-lators of the Sunday law" in New Orleans, La., on October 11. The first, who was a clothing dealer, was "placed in jail" on being arrested. "The dry-goods and clothing clerks have declared war on those merchants who open their stores on Sunday," and these ar-rests were "the opening gun of the campaign which officers and members of the association state will be prose-cuted with vigor." At a meeting of the retail merchants' association of Moline, Ill., on October 12, "the butchers of the city each posted a forfeit of $50 that they would observe the new Sunday-closing law," which it was said was to "go into effect immediately." "The,  law only affects the butcher, and provides that he shall nqt have his shop open on Sunday, nor deliver or sell any meat whatever, either at his shop or elsewhere." So it seems that this new Sunday law is to be made effective not only because of whatever penalty the law itself pre-scribes, but also by means of an addi-tional penalty of a fine of $50 imposed by the organization of merchants. A dispatch from Stanley, Wis., under date of October 14, said: "Two weeks ago a representative of the Wisconsin Sunday Rest Day Association lectured here ; yesterday Mr. M. C. Geoghanx 