An Indictment of New York's Sundae Law* VII AVING, I trust, demonstrated that " the statute under discussion "violates the natural, unalienable and equal rights of man," I shall now pro-ceed to prove, as I proposed, "that it contravenes the express provisions of the constitution of this [New York] State." I shall endeavor in the first place to show that it is unauthorized by that bulwark of our political and re-ligious freedom. However erroneous the proposition is proved to be, were it for a moment admitted for the sake of argument "that man has the right to vest civil government with the power to pre-scribe religious creeds and coerce con-formity to them," it would not relieve the law in question from the character which I have ascribed to it, unless it can be shown that that power was actually given by the people to the gov- ŁSeventy-seven years ago there was published in New York a pamphlet, a transcript of the title page of which is as follows : " The People's Rights Reclaimed ; being An Exposition of the Unconstitutionality of the Law of the State of New York Compelling the Observance of a Re-ligious Sabbath Day, and Erroneously Entitled ' An Act for Suppressing Immorality,' Passed March 13th, 1813. Addressed to the People of the State of New York. New York, 1826. A. Spooner, Printer, Brooklyn." Its publication was called forth by the revision of the State laws then taking place and certain attempts that had been made " to effect an extension of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sunday laws." Although the excuse for New York's Sunday leg-islation has been somewhat changed since then, it being now professedly for the prevention of " crimes against religious liberty and conscience " (although still coming under the general heading of " crimes against public decency and good morals "), whereas then it was " for suppressing immorality," it remains the same in principle, object, and effect, and the masterly and unan-swerable indictment of the law as it then was made by the unknown author of the above pam-phlet is still a masterly and unanswerable indict-ment of the law as it now is, and incidentally of all other Sunday legislation. The widespread disposition now manifested to uphold and " to affect an extension of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sunday laws " makes the matter in this pamphlet very pertinent to-day, and hence we are publishing it in full in THE SENTINEL.ŠEDITOR. ernment. If the people omitted to dele-gate that power or right by express constitutional provision, that is, if the constitution was silent on the subject, statutory laws to constrain one portion of the community to conform to the religious sectarian tenets of another would be unconstitutional; because the government, deriving its rights and powers from its constituents, and pos-sessing no more than is actually and expressly given, and the right or power to which we allude not being in fact delegated to the government, the con-stitution would not authorize or justify the act. Hence it follows, if the con-stitution was silent on the subject of the law under consideration, it would for that reason be unconstitutional. But thanks and a glorious immortal-ity to those honest, intelligent and inde-pendent patriots who framed that in-strument, it is not silent; it speaks in the most clear, emphatic and impera-tive language on the subject of which we are treating. It interdicts the wrong which I condemn, and asserts the right for which I am now contending. It accords in its provisions with the data from which my arguments are drawn, and sustains all my reasoning and con-clusions on the subject under consid-eration. Those sages and soldiers of the Revolution who reared that bul-wark of our political and religious rights acknowledged no source from which religious sects or civil govern-ment could derive a right to interfere between man and his maker, God, to prevent the one from offering and the other from receiving any other worship than that prescribed by law. They rec-ognized no principle by which man could have a right to constrain his fel-lowman to violate the obligations im-posed by his own religious creeds and 