492 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. monks, most of whom profess to play a merely re-ligious part. We are able to draw it from records of their own seized in their convents in November of last year by the French police, and read out in their public trial in the course of last January. " In Italy, as I have said, it is the policy of the Vatican to hold aloof from political elections; but in France the Assumptionists have devised, at the instance of the Pope and his curia, an electoral or-ganization which would put to shame the most ex-pert American bosses. Their motto is.  Adveniat regnum tuum {" Thy kingdom come "], their pro-fessed aim the triumph on earth of the spirit of the crucified Jesus. Their methods, however, are pain-fully secular, and for the last twenty years they have merely centered around the polling booth. In 1880 they were dispersed as an unauthorized religious con-gregation, but in the same year they reformed their ranks, and in 1883 they founded the Croix, a daily journal, which has for its frontispiece a large wood-cut of Christ on the cross. There are, besides the Paris edition of the Croix, nearly one hundred prov-incial editions. They are all similar in form and sentiment, and differ chiefly in their local news. * * * To maintain uniformity among all these journals there is, besides the hundred odd provincial committees, a central committee, which edits a secret journal only distributed to members of the local com-mittees. This journal is entitled the Croix des Comi-tes. Its task is to keep the local editors in step with each other, unify and guide their policy. The use of the Croix in all its editions, as well as of some thirty other daily and weekly journals edited by the con-gregation, is to spread the light 'Šthat is, to dis-seminate hatred of Jews and Protestants, distrust of modern science, a spirit of grovelling superstition and prostration before the priests, and, above all, a fanatical rejection of all liberal ideas of tolerance, of lay education. Another influential committee exists to translate into political action the spirit thus dif-fused among the people. * * * " A document seized last year in a monk's cell at Moulins gives us a summary of the work carried on by the Assumptionists during the years 1897 and 1898 in Paris and the provinces. * * * Letters and circulars were scattered all over France, agita-tors sent down to stir up people, and permanent poli-tico-religious caucuses formed in all the centers. The aim of these provincial caucuses was the same as in Paris, namely, to co-ordinate for a common effort all the motley groups, united by no bond save a com-mon hatred of well-ordered liberty. * * * To use M. Laya's phrase, all the honest groups' have been united and their electoral program is defined to be the same as that of the Croix. It is the so-called program of Christian schools of the propaganda of the faith of St. Francois de Sales. It is the sum of all good' works promoted and sustained by Chris-tian generosity for the glory of God, for the welfare of souls, and the salvation of the Patrie. It is, in short, applied Catholicism. Wherever there is vot-ing these caucuses are to work for the return of good' Catholics. No election is beyond their scope, municipal, cantonal, legislative, presidential, and even elections of chambers of commerce, and of ag-ricultureŠall alike are to be watched and provided for. * * * " The duties of the Assumptionist caucus are thus defined: It shall occupy itself with revision of the register of voters, shall study diligently the body of electors, their wants, and the currents of opinion which stir them. With every elector its members must be personally acquainted, so as to set him in one of the three classes, viz., good, bad, or doubtful. The good' electors must be reinforced, marshaled in battalions, encouraged to become apostles of the good cause. The doubtful ones and waverers must be won over. The bad ones had better be left alone, at least to begin with. " Among the good', propagandism is to take the form of lectures, pamphlets, processions, and, when an election is at hand, of crusades of prayer.' The lists of candidates must be prepared, handbills printed and distributed. Every polling - booth must be watched, frauds and acts of personation followed up and punished by annullation of the elections at which they were employed; those polls, however, where by use of such means the vote of the faithful wins, must be held against the indictments of the enemy. * * * Silently and without flagging the committee of justice-equality' is to pursue in all elections the work so eminently desired by Leo XIII. and so necessary to France." MUST REST ONE DAY. "We will not persecute those who choose to ob-serve the seventh day for rest," says Rev. Joseph Cook in a pamphlet treating on "new defenses of the Lord's day." "They may work on Sunday, as the law of Massachusetts allows them to do, without be-ing arrested, provided they can show that they rest one day in seven." All persons who cannot show that they rest one day in §even will therefore, in (the opinion of the Rev. Mr. Cook, be proper subjects for persecution. The person who works on Sunday and, yet rests one day in seven, does so at the dictates of conscience. Only his religion would prompt him to rest on a day when all people around him are at work. He escapes persecution therefore because of his religion. lie is 