NOTE AND COMMENT. 55 selves as "sneaks" and law-breakers. Of course the ministers retort that if laws are to be repealed because they are violated, so that criminals may re-spect themselves, that there will soon be no laws on the statute books. One minister asks why the sale of beer on Sunday should be allowed when the sale of meat is prohibited, and instead of being told that there is no reason under the sun why the sale of meat should be prohibited, he is informed by a leading daily that he does not understand "the nature of 'draught beer,' which nobody could find drinkable after it had stood for twenty-four hours." The idea is that the beer must be swallowed imme-diately when ifligSoitritiased, to keep it from spoiling, and that as it is such a "daily necessity" to the "hundreds of thousands" of "decent, honest, law-abid-ing citizens, whose instincts and desires are all on the side of good government," therefore the saloons must be open for its sale every day in the week. And the argument is wound up with the statement that if this is not allowed these "decent, honest, law-abiding citi-zens, whose instincts are all on the side of good government," will place Tam-many in power at the next election. The great contention of the churches in this matter is for "the sanctity of the Sabbath" by civil law, and those who ignore this fact are giving up the whole battle. With one side con-cerned altogether for "the sanctity of the Sabbath" and the other concerned altogether for the "poor people" who must have beer at every meal, it is easy to see that there is no question of tem-perance involved in the matter at all. In a sermon at the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Albany, N.  Y., on November 17, Bishop Burke de-clared that "it is no longer considered by our Protestant brothers a disgrace to be a Catholic." He said that some years ago to be known as a Catholic was to bear opprobrium, while to-day to be a Catholic was to merit respect and honor. He was of the opinion that it was "because of the meaning and sig-nificance and honor attached to the name Catholic" that the Protestant Episcopal Church has seriously considered the proposition to change its name to "the Catholic Church of America." "When the Declaration of Independence was signed there were in the United States about 8o,000 Catholics ; now there are 12,000,000." The American Bridge Company, of Philadelphia, has secured a contract for the construction of twenty steel bridges along the line of the Uganda Railroad in East Africa. The bid of the American firm was not the lowest submitted, but it guaranteed the completion of the work in far less time than any of its English or Continental competitors could under-take to do the work. Miss Ellen Stone, the missionary captured by brigands in Turkey, is still a prisoner. Negotiations for her re-lease are being conducted through Mr. Dickinson, diplomatic agent of the United States, but the brigands are hold-ing out for a ransom much higher than the sum now available for that purpose. Dispatches from Rome to London papers state that "the air is full of spec-ulation and apprehension indicating that his [the Pope's] end is not considered far off." 