THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 389 be there, and how easy it would be for either the Ser-vians or the Bulgarians to light up an insurrection in those regions which would involve all Eastern Europe in the flames of war." To Austria and Russia, Mr. Brice gives the credit of preserving peace for the time being. The former controls Servia, the latter Bulgaria. "So things re-main tolerably quiet, and the only change likely to oc-cur in the near future is the erection of Bulgaria into a kingdom, an access of dignity which Prince Ferdi-nand is believed to desire and to be steadily working for." THE GERMAN EMPEROR AND HIS PRO- GRESSIVE POLICY. But while the status quo is being preserved in European Turkey by Austrian and Russian influence, "some very interesting developments have been going forward in Asia Minor. It is now at least twenty years," says Mr. Brice, "since the idea of possible Ger-man action in that region presented itself to forecast-ing minds, though under the regime of Bismarck, who was severely practical and averse to new or specula-tive enterprises, little or nothing was done to push forward such action. By degrees, however, German officers began to be engaged to reform the army sys-tem of the Turks, and German capitalists were found at Constantinople pressing for, and before long ob-taining, concessions for railways, for mines, and for other large industrial enterprises." All this has been pleasing to Emperor William, who "has encouraged his subjects to embark their cap-ital in Turkey, seeing in this another market for Ger-man industry and another field for German enter-prise." While his people have been investing their capi-tal in Turkey, the German Emperor has not been an idle spectator. "His courtesies to Abdul Hamid," re-marks Mr. Brice, "which caused some surprise in 1895 and 1896, and which culminated in his visit to that monarch in November, 1898, have usually been attrib-uted to this motive." But whatever the motives of the Germans, their success in a business way has been well-nigh phenom-enal. "They have quite superseded the English, who used to play the leading part in the commercial and industrial affairs of the Turkish Empire." The reason assigned for the great change is that "ever since the taking of Cyprus by the English gov-ernment in the days of Lord Beaconsfield, and the vehement condemnation of Turkish cruelties by Mr. Gladstone, England has been the Power most odious to the Sultan, while since the Armenian massacres of 1895-6 it has been recognized that there can be no more of such protection given to the Sultan by the  English as was given in the old days when England thought it essential to her interests to check the ap-proach of Russia toward Constantinople." Occupying this vantage ground, and receiving "from their Ambassador that diplomatic support which is essential in an Eastern court, they have shown great energy, especially in projecting railways. Re-cently a concession has been granted to them for ex-tending the railway from Constantinople to Angora, already built by German capital, farther out south-eastward from across the center of Asia Minor and through Mesopotamia to the Persian Gulf." RUSSIAN INFLUENCE IN ASIA MINOR. And now comes if possible a still more interesting chapter in this story of European diplomacy, "Russia could not be indifferent to the sanction thus given to an enterprise of such magnitude," says the writer whom we quote. "Some think that she resisted it. Others, with more apparent reason, hold that she had been previously 'squared' by Germany, as it is pretty certain that England was squared by the secret agree-ment concluded between her and Germany in 1898." "It is a first principle of German imperial policy," continues Mr. Brice, "not to quarrel with Russia. Be this as it may, Russia used the event as a basis for the demand to have her right to similar railway conces-sions in another area recognized ; and the Sultan, with much reluctance, has found himself obliged to yield to this demand. He had nowhere to turn to for support, for while France, of course, always sup-ports Russia, Germany, having had her own share, could not in this instance interfere against her, and England no longer comes into question." VIRTUAL PARTITIONMENT OF ASIA MINOR. The significance of what has been thus accom-plished, not by war but by diplomacy, will be seen in the light of this statement : "Thus there has been effected by these railway arrangements a virtual partition-ment of Asia Minor into two 'spheres of influence,' to adopt the expression which has been used in Africa and in China to mark the acquisition of European claims to territories not yet actually annexed by Euro-pean claimants. Germany takes the south and south-east of the country; Russia the north and northeast." It is not thought probable that Russia, with so much undeveloped territory elsewhere, will actually build the railways authorized by the concessions she has obtained, but she can keep out rivals and com-petitors. "The Germans, however, will doubtless make their railway. They have promised to offer part of the capital to be subscribed in France, with the view to propitiating French opinion, and it is believed that the enterprise may turn out a pecuniary success." 