The Great Apostasy The Love of Power Supplants the Power of Love in the Christian Church and Thereby Produces the World's Most Enormous Despotism T was the farthest possible, not only 1  from fact, but from the spirit and letter and temper of all his teaching, that Jesus should have appointed an author-itative successor to lord it over his dis- ciples. Does he not say, and insist upon it with all the power of his burning words : " It is the way of the peoples, the nations, the Gentiles, that their great ones exercise lordship, have authority over the people ; but it shall not be so among you ? And yet it has been more so among those who have claimed definitely and emphatically to be his followers than it has been concerning any other despot-ism that has been established since the earth was made... . I f JesusŁwere present to-clay he would wither, with the burn-ing words he would utter, with the light-ning flash of his speech, all the preten-tious " princes of the church." I marvel, as I look at his words, how ever a petty priest on earth dares to arrogate to him-self the title of " Father," " Father So-and-So," and the Pope, the great " Fa-ther " of them all, since Jesus says : " Let no one among you be called Rabbi, let no man be called father : one is your Master, one is your Father, even in heaven ; and all ye are brethren." That is the teach-ing, and the most emphatic teaching, of Jesus concerning the matter of power and authority among his disciples. How did all this come about? In the most natural way, when we consider what.  kind of people men and women are, the historic background of things, the ex-periences of the pastŠparticularly when we remember how easily they forgot and disregarded the first commands of the  Mister in so many different directions. Rome was the seat of the Empire. When there came to be a church in Rome, a church in Antioch, churches in Galatia, all over the world, the church in Rome would naturally be looked upon as the great central church, because it was the church of the metropolis ; and the man at the head of that church would natu-rally exert more power and influence than the one who was at the head of some small provincial church. We do the same. The minister of a great popular church in New York, if you come to a conven-tion of ministers to discuss any matter or doctrine, is sure to have more influ-ence, other things being equal, than the minister of a small church in the country, who is more likely to keep in the back-ground. So the bishop of Rome came to claim and exercise an immense power, simply because of his position. By and by the seat of the Empire moved to Constantinople, and the bishop of Constantinople began to think that he should have the greatest power in the Empire. So East and West were pitted against each other ; and out of that ri-valry and struggle, as real as any polit-ical fight that has been known since the world began, coupled with certain dif-ferences of doctrine which are so slight that it is almost impossible for a Western mind to comprehend what they were about, came the split, and we have the Greek Church and the Roman Church, chiefly on account of the rivalries and struggles and strife of the bishops. Rome controlled and prevailed at last, so far as the principal part of the West was con- 