SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 687 A bill prohibiting the playing of base-ball, tennis, golf, and football on Sun-day passed the upper house of the Ala-bama legislature on September 26. It had previously been adopted by the lower house. It was approved later by the governor. " The bill as orig-inally introduced included only base-ball, and was aimed at the playing of that game on Sunday at Montgomery. Ł In the house football was added. Sev-eral members from Birmingham wanted tennis and golf included in order to stop the Sunday playing of those games by wealthy Birmingham people at the course of the Birmingham golf club at Elyton, a suburb where it was claimed the residents were annoyed by these games. This amendment was added. The new law makes it a misdemeanor to play any of the prohibited games on Sunday, and fixes a fine of not less than $25 nor more than $50 on each person taking part on Sunday in the prohibited games." Some weeks ago the " Law and Order " League of Englewood, the aristocratic suburb of Chicago, noti-fied the 230 saloon-keepers of the place Ł" that after October 1 all liquor deal-ers who fail to regard the Sunday-clos-ing law would be prosecuted." The saloonmen held a meeting and decided " to defy the league." On the after-noon of October 4 a mass-meeting of Englewood churches " to plan con-certed action against the saloonkeep-ers " was held at the First Methodist Church, and " enthusiastic endorsement was given the work already done by the league, and a strict enforcement of the Sunday-closing law was demanded." A collection, amounting to about $500, was taken " to be used in securing evidence against the saloon-keepers." Among those who addressed the meet-ing were Rev. J. W. Laughlin, 0. W. Stewart, prohibition member of the legislature from Chicago, Miss Marie  C. Brehm, president of the Illinois W. C. T. U., and Secretary Ferguson of the Law and Order League. The last-named said be and others had been out on " a tour of inspection " during the morning and had secured evidence against more than fifty saloonmen, and declared that " every one of them will be arrested to-morrow for violating the Sunday-closing law." The next Ł day, on warrants sworn out by him, twenty-two saloonmen were arrested, and it was stated that warrants for the arrest of all the others against whom evidence had been secured would be sworn out very soon. " The com-plaints were State warrants," and " the maximum fine for the offense is $200." The cases were to come up for hearing on the 6th.Š Seven saloon-men were arrested at Youngstown, Ohio, on September 27 for " violating the Sunday-closing ordinance," and most of them were fined $10 and costs in the mayor's court the next day. Eighteen patrons were also arrested on the charge of " visiting a saloon on Sunday," and most of them were fined $1 and costs each.Š P. W. Olson was fined $30 and costs at Bird Island, Minn., on September 25 " for selling liquor on Sunday."Š Albert Graper was fined $25 and costs in the mayor's court at Akron, Ohio, on September 28 for " having his saloon open on Sunday."Š At Dallas, Tex., on Sep-tember 27 " a dozen saloonmen were arrested by policemen during the day on the charge of violating the Sunday law. "Š The council of the village of Waverly, Minn., recently adopted a resolution directing " that the recorder serve notice on all saloonkeepers in the village to close up their saloons on Sunday. "ŠA " law-and-order-league " delegation recently called upon County Attorney Patrick at Papillion, Neb., and " requested that he order all saloons closed on Sunday," which he did. The SInday forces are to take ad-vantage cif the occasion afforded by the St. Louis Exposition to advance their cause."Lord's-day Rest Congress" to be heed in St. Louis has been ap- pointed for October 6, 7, and 8, 1904, and preparations for it are already be-ing made. "Twelve Sabbath organiza-tions in the United States and Canada are included in the movement." 