75o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY fundamental. Its application is not con-fined to the question of organized and un-organized labor, nor to that of the dis-putes between employers and employees. It is evident that in this direction it is thoroughly understood and appreciated, and that its violation here will meet with most capable and vigorous condemnation. But there is another direction in which this principle is being violated in the United States to-day, with very little at-tention being paid to it, and few who do have their attention drawn to it realize that a fundamental principle of civil liberty, an inalienable human right, is be-ing trampled upon. We desire, in the light of the quotations given below, to have a look candidly taken in that direc-tion. Because the great principle they assert and emphasize is very likely to be vio-lated more and more seriously in the fu-ture in this matter to which we refer, and also in the direction in which those were looking who uttered them, we think it is well to preserve some of these declara-tions that have recently been made as to the right to work Here are some of them : The right to work is the most essential right in any civilized community.ŠNew York Times. Because this is a free country every man has a right to work where he chooses and for such pay as he is willing to receive. Freedom of labor lies at the foundation of free institu-tions.ŠThe Outlook. The divine law says that by the sweat, of your brow you shall earn your bread, and the law of the land is based on that law, and when you interfere with the right of men to work you are violating the law of God and man.ŠFather O'Reilly, in sermon at Shenandoah, Pa., October rz. A great principle is involved in the conten-tion that the humblest man must be protected in the exercise of the right to sell his own labor where and to whom he chooses, and it is better that we should shiver all winter than that the foundation of civic liberty be sapped  in violation of that principle.ŠDr. W. R. Huntington, in a sermon at Grace Episcopal Church, New York, October 5. There is an eternal principle that a man has a right to speak, and to think, and to work for whomever he pleases. If a non-union man needs guns from Wilkesbarre to Washington to protect him, there ought to be bayonets enough there to insure him work [to protect him in exercising the right to work], or else this Republic had better go out of existence.ŠDr. Newell D. Hillis, at Chicago Society Din-ner, New York, October 9. The right to labor is inherent in every hu-man being and cannot be surrendered without the sacrifice of individual liberty and of pri-vate property. It cannot be arbitrated any more than the right of a man to his own home if it shall be claimed by an outsider. It is a question which is in the domain of conscience, and involves the personal liberty of the indi-vidual.ŠAbram S. Hewitt, in statement to the press at Bar Harbor, Me., August 25. The principle at stake in Pennsylvania is one which goes to the foundation of our national life. Unless free men may still engage in their lawful occupations at their own pleasure, whether they belong to the Roman Catholic or the Methodist Church, to a labor union or a Masonic lodge, then the personal guarantees of the Constitution are a dead letter and our doctrines of human liberty under a republican government are outgrown. . . . The es-sential principle of American freedom is indi-vidual liberty regulated by law.ŠNew York Tribune, October 16. We are at present faced with a situation which, in my opinion, is the gravest that has ever faced society in the United States since the beginning of its history. The burning question has been forced upon us whether the fundamental and inextinguishable right of a man to freedom [to work] is to be recognized or to be trodden under the heels of a brutal mob. The right of the individual to liberty must be preserved and defended, or our liber-ties are gone and the rights guaranteed by the Constitution, which have been our glory for a hundred years, shall pass away like the vision of things which have been.ŠLyman J. Gage, ex-Secretary of the Treasury, at Chicago So-ciety Dinner, New York, October 9. Before the living God and the Carpenter of Nazareth, I say no man has a right to say to any other man when or where he shall work. . . .' The union miners are arrayed 