THE GREAT APOSTASY 173 up in Europe which was neither secular nor spiritual, and which can be described only as a mongrel creation, in which the qualities of both were so mixed and jumbled that while all the evil incident to both was carefully preserved, scarce an iota of the good was retained. This hybrid rule was of course styled govern-ment, but it had ceased to fulfil any one function of government, and it set itself systematically to oppose and defeat every end which a wise government strives to attain. This form of government was essen-tially, and to an enormous extent, irre-sponsible and arbitrary. It was a theoc-racy. God's vicegerent stood at the head of it. He was bound tp render no reasons for what he did. He claimed to be an infallible ruler. He could plead divine authority for the most enormous of his usurpations and the most despotic of his acts. He had an infallible right to violate oaths, dethrone princes, and lay provinces waste. What would have been atrocious wickedness in another man, was in him the emanation of infallible wisdom and immaculate holiness. Against a power so irresponsible and tremendous it was in vain that conscience or reason op-posed their force, or law its sanctions. These were met by an authority im-measurably superior to them all, at whose slightest touch their obligations and claims were annihilated. Reason and law it utterly ignored. The necessary co-relative of infallible authority is unques-tioning obedience. He who presumed to scrutinize, or find fault, or resist, was taught that he was committing rebellion. against God, and incurring certain and eternal damnation. A theocracy truly ! It was the reign of the devil, baptized with the name of God. This scheme of government centralized all power in one man. This centraliza- tion is of the very nature of the Papacy. The vicegtirent of God can have no equal ;  none can share his power ; he must reign alone. It would be equally absurd to sup-pose that an infallible ruler could admit constitutional advisers, or make himself bound to follow their counsel.... In the hands of one man, then, all power under heaven came to be centeredŠthe legis-lative and the judicial, the temporal and the spiritual jurisdictions. The papal theory placed the fountain of law and authority on the Seven Hills, and there was not an edict passed nor an act done in wide Europe, but virtually the Pope was the doer of it. For ages as was the theory, so substantially was the fact. It would have been one of the greatest miracles the world ever saw if liberty had co-existed with this vast accumulation of power. Even in the hands of the wisest of men, fettered by constitutional checks and bound to assign the reasons of his procedure, such overgrown power could scarce have failed to be abused; and if abused, the abuse could not be other than enormous. But in the hands of men who claimed to reign by divine delegation, and who on that ground sustained themselves as above the necessity of vindicating, or so much as explaining, their proceedings, and who claimed from men an implicit belief that even the most outrageous of their acts were founded on divine au-thority and embodied infallible wisdom, the abuse of this power far surpassed the measure of all former tyrannies. The despotism of an Alexander, a Nero, or a Napoleon, was liberty itself compared with the centralized despotism of the Papacy. A blind, irresponsible, and in- fallible despotism, issuing its decrees from behind a veil which mortal dared not lift, sat enthroned upon the rights and liberties, the conscience and the in-tellect, the souls and bodies of men. Such was the PapacyŠa monstrous compound of spiritual and temporal power.* *J. A. Wylie, LL.D. "The Papacy" (Ham-ilton, Adams and Co., London, 1880. 