460 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. tition there would be little prospect of reaching a har-monious conclusion. In that case war would result and it might readily involve not only the so-called allies but the Chinese themselves in a struggle whose consequences no one can foresee. Official Sanction for "Empire." There is no longer any ground for fault finding with the charge that the United States has through its expansion policy become an empire ; the Govern-ment itself acknowledges the fact, or at least it is acknowledged by those who speak for the Govern-ment, according to the following circular which has been issued in the Philippines :Š "U. S. Military Government in the Philippines, "Department Public Instruction. "A Department of Public Instruction for the Phil-ippines has just been established, and I write to ask if you can aid us in the civilization of this new part of our Empire by sending such reports, bulletins, school laws, etc., now or to be issued as you may have for distribution." A Catholic journal calls attention to this circular as containing "the first official use of the word 'em-pire' in connection with the United States," this being "a fact which historians might find it useful to note." Certainly it is time that the term "empire," referring to this nation, should make its appearance under offi-cial sanction. Christ's Victory Not So Local. At the conclusion of an excellent illustrated tem-perance lecture in this city recently, a clergyman was invited to offer prayer. After praying earnestly against the liquor curse, and seeking the blessing of heaven to rest upon the earnest man so nobly defend-ing the righteous cause of temperance, purity and hap-piness, he brought in the following sentiment : "De-scend, 0 Christ, and bear aloft to the skies the star spangled banner of victory, the devil and all his host notwithstanding." Such careless expressions may seem harmless, but in them are lurking fatal seeds. Jesus Christ never will descend to bear away from this sin-polluted earth any emblem of any nation. When he comes, he comes as "King of kings, and Lord of lords." Every earthly power in that awful day shall crumble to dust. In the day of his setting up his kingdom "which shall never be destroyed," "the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it [Christ's kingdom] shall break in pieces and consume ALL these [earthly] kingdoms, arid it [his heavenly] shall stand forever." Dan. 2 :44. While our flag may stand for principles of liberty and righteousness in advance of some other nations, it does not stand for all that is righteousness and truth.  All must acknowledge this. It does not follow that because our flag represents some advance principles that Christ will seize its staff and finish purifying the earth under its folds and then hoist it over his throne to float forever. Such sentiments are both unscriptur-al and absurd. This expression about the flag, remember, was made at the close of a temperance lecture in the United States. The connection at once is wonderfully broken by the reported piece of news from the Philippine Is-lands stating that when the Filipino children play American, they "stagger as though drunk." Jesus Christ will have a pure and clean kingdom in righteousness, in which nothing shall enter that de-files or offends, and upon his banner will be embia-zohed the words for which on earth he fought the spiritual battle unto the death, "God's everlasting LAW is the TRUTH." T. E. BOWEN. Rome, N. Y. A Missionary's View of the Chinese Question. In an interview with a representative of the Daily News (Denver, Col.), Rev. Thomas Marshall, an ex-missionary to China, and now connected with the Board of Foreign Missions, spoke as follows in de-fense of the Chinese Boxers from a political stand-point : "To intelligently study the situation in China one must understand that there are two factorsŠthe re-ligious or missionary and the political. These two factors must not be confused, for to my mind the Chinese are politically right but religiously wrong. Every question, on account of prejudice, must be dis-cussed politically first. "The aggressions made by the European powers amount to little less than piracy. Russia, as all know, has taken Port Arthur, the greatest navy yard that the Chinese possess. England has seized the land oppo-site. France has appropriated Yun Nan and Germany has gobbled up Kiao Chou. There is much talk of `the sphere of influence,' but the fair mind cannot help but see that the European powers are working on the principle that might makes right. When the Chinese saw that their land was being parceled out little by little to these foreigners, they rebelled and strove to drive the invaders from their country. Suppose that the French should seize New Orleans, the English Fortress Monroe, the Russians New York and the Germans Boston, what would the American be called who tried to push back the aggressing foreigners ? He would be called a patriot, and win honor and dis-tinction. The Boxers, who are striving to do the same thing are the Chinese patriots, who say, the Germans, French and the rest are robbing us, and cannot remain in our land. "There is much misunderstanding concerning the Boxers. The Boxers are mostly common people, and in their simplicity they have just awakened to the fact that their land has been taken from them. It is true 