"Fong man hear my words; and believe not ljudge him not. Šiesus Christ. VOLUME 15. CHICAGO, MAY 31, 1900. NUMBER 21. THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY (Continuing American Sentinel) Published weekly at 324 Dearborn Street, Chicago, Illinois, by the INTERNATIONAL RELIGIOUS LIBERTY ASSOCIATION Subscription price, $1.00 L. A. SMITH, C. P. E301.1.1s.4A.N, I Editors God has given all heaven to mankind as individuals, but he has given nothing to the state. Je The blessing that is in Sabbath observance cannot be conferred upon an individual or upon the nation by law. .P1 Nobody ever has to ask the state for permission to stop work on Sunday, and no more should any person be required to ask the state's permission to engage in honest labor on that day. .4 41 The more the state tries to "protect" the Sabbath by enforcing it upon people who feel no regard for the day, the more odious will the Sabbath become in their eyes and the more injury will be done to the cause of Sabbath observance. The fatherhood and consequent sovereignty of God, and the brotherhood, and consequent equality of man, is more than a poetic fancy ; it is a fundamental truth, obscured indeed by human selfishness, but none the less true. The framers of the Declaration of In-dependence recognized it when they set forth that "all men are created equal ; that they are endowed by their  Creator with certain unalienable rights ; and that to secure these rights governments are instituted among men deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed." All of these truths are just as vital to-day as they were in 1776. Men do not need civil law to teach them their duty toward God ; indeed, the civil law cannot by any possi-bility do this, for those who make civil law are neither qualified nor authorized to declare the will of the Lord. God is his own lawgiver, and has reserved to himself the right to judge violators of his own law. To all who would usurp this divine prerogative he says : "Who art thou that judgest another man's servant ?" The Necessity for the Sentinel of Liberty. The necessity for such a publication in this country as The Sentinel of Liberty, is made evident not alone by acts of religious intolerance to which our attention is drawn from time to time, but by a work of education that is being pushed all the time by the advocates of religious legislation. This feature of the opposition to religious freedom in this land is less startling than the prosecution of Christians for conscience' sake under the "Sabbath" laws of the states, but far more dangerous in its results. Religious persecution naturally shocks public sentiment in at least many parts of the country where the facts come to be made known ; but the edu-cational work of the religio-political reform parties who are seeking to Christianize the Government, is for the express purpose of preparing public sentiment everywhere to acquiesce in the enforcement of relig-ious observances by law even against the conscience of the dissenter. One point that is aimed at in this educational cam-paign is the inculcation of the doctrine that the state has the right to define and enforce morality upon its. 