THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 327 those who actually directed these persecutions, as well as thousands who applauded them, were moved by sin-cere and disinterested ideas of duty. Their hearts seem hard and cruel, but, fixed immovably at their very roots, lay a profound and perfectly honest conviction that the fire and the torture .were necessary for the good of the sufferer, and that the present pain was a means, and the only means, in the last resort, of pre-serving him from a far worse fate in the other world. Many a priest would sooner have gone to the stake himself than have neglected the duty of holding the crucifix close to the victim's lips throughout his agony, if haply the spirit might move him at any instant to kiss it, and thereby accomplish his salvation. THE VICTORY OF FAITH. It is hard to know which to pity mostŠthe poor heretic whose body is seen in the pictures bound fast to the stake, or the shaven and cowled figure standing near by, watching with conscientious eagerness every movement of his mouth and head, and ready to assist the sufferer at any instant, even at the risk of setting himself on fire, to give the saving kiss to the emblem he carries in the air. When we remember what that emblem was, whose image it bore, and what an awful scene it commem-orated, we see on one side of the picture a human soul so humiliated, so blackened, so tortured, twisted, beat-en into such dissemblance of its Creator, that the spec-tacle of the burning body on the other side, from whose eyes a spirit looks up with a rapture that flames cannot quench, but only consummate, is a relief to the con-templation. The Law of Liberty. The law of God is called the law of liberty. James 2 :21 says : "So speak ye, and so do, as they that shall be judged by the perfect law of liberty." From the preceding verse we learn that the law here referred to is the ten commandment law given by God on Mount Sinai ; for it is the law that says, "Thou shalt not com-mit adultery," and "Thou shalt not steal." But why is it called the law of liberty? How can a law that consists of prohibitions be a law of liberty? The answer is found in the first words of this law. It does not consist wholly of commands beginning with "Thou shalt not," but its principle of perfect freedom is revealed in the words : "I am the Lord thy God which have brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage." Then follows the com-mand, "Thou shalt have no other Gods before Me." But if this is a law of perfect liberty what is the pur-pose of this command, and why is it introduced, if not to abridge man's freedom ? The Loving Father has brought Israel out of Egyp- tian bondage where they could not serve Him even though they desired to do so ; and He now says to them, "I have brought thee out of the house of bond-age," therefore "have no other gods before me." Since God had delivered them from bondage, He alone could keep them out of bondage, and if they desired to remain free they must continue under His leadership ; for the moment they left Him to serve other gods, they would be brought into bondage to other gods. But why were they not just as free when serving other gods as when serving Jehovah, provided they chose to do so? Be-cause when they entered the service of other gods they were utterly unable to be free from that service and its results ; they were held bound, no matter how much they might desire to be freed from that service. Their only hope was to cry to the God whom they had for-saken to deliver them again ; but when they were once more in the service of Jehovah they were not bound at all, but were free to leave that service at any time. Thus did God's grace abound toward his people who departed from His ways, turning to other gods. When they cried unto Him in their affliction and dis-tress He came to their rescue, delivering them from the bondage to which they had voluntarily submitted, con-trary to His warnings, and giving them the perfect law of liberty for their guidance and instruction. He gives them in answer to their prayer the Spirit and the heart to serve Him. Then, though they are servants of obe-dience unto righteousness (see Rom. 6:16, and other verses of the same chapter), they serve as free men, in the newness of the Spirit. Without this Spirit of service it is impossible to serve God or to obey His law. But.  when men attempt to enforce this law under civil penalties can it still be called a law of liberty ? Not in any sense. Can the penalties attached make the sinner free from sin? Can the sword, or the rack, or the prison cell, kindle within the soul that Spirit of heart service ? Not at all. The Spirit that "worketh in us to will and to do of His good pleasure" is the gift of God; but it is given only to those who ask. God will never force the door of a man's heart. He stands without and knocks, but will enter only by invitation. When then will man assume to do what even God himself will not attemptŠto force men to serve Him and compel them under pain of imprisonment or death to obey the law of God contrary to their own wills? Do they not in so doing attempt to place themselves not only "above the stars of God," but above the Most High Himself ? E. RAY JONES. If conscience can be set aside in one point, it can by the same principle be set aside in every point, and dispensed with altogether. 