OF 01121717A1V LSO Ea717 VOL. 17. NEW YORK, FEBRUARY, 1902. No. 3.     Liberty and Lacy By L. A. Smith TIBERTY and law are not, as many  people think, two things set over against each other, and requiring to be properly balanced to secure a suc-cessful and happy existence. People who hold to this idea show thereby that they have no true conception of either the one or the other. God is the author of liberty; He is also the author of law. He has not made two things which antagonize each other. Li the truly Christian life, liberty and law meet and dwell in perfect harmony. They lead the individual in one and the same path. Law is opposed to license; but license is not liberty ; it is a form of despotism. Individuals who commit acts of license are slaves of their vices and passions. He who is not such a slave has no desire to do an act which the order and peace of society, or the good of any of his fellows, demands should be forbidden. In his life is manifested "love, joy, peace, long-suffering, gentleness, Ł goodness, faith, meekness, temperance." And "against such there is no law." The pathway of perfect liberty coin-cides with the pathway of perfect law. Perfect liberty is the liberty of the divine  life; and the perfect law is the divine law; and the divine law is an expression of the principles of the divine life. The Christian life is the life that is actuated by these principles. The Christian life moves in the pathway of the perfect law, and finds only perfect liberty. The law of God is the law of liberty. Jas. 2 : 8-12. It is because of this that the Christian finds in it his delight. "0, how love I thy law !" is his testimony ; "How sweet are thy words unto my taste ! yea, sweeter than honey to my mouth." Ps. 119 : 97,103. "The judg-ments of the Lord are true and righteous altogether. More to be desired are they than goldŠyea, than much fine gold; sweeter also than honey, and the honey-comb. Moreover by them is thy servant warned; and in keeping of them is great reward." Ps. 19:9, 1o. He sees in God's law, as does every one wl.o be comes acquainted with it, the pathway of everlasting life, and the gateway to "the glorious liberty of the sons of God." Man's law is for the restraint of evil-doers, that there may be peace and order in society, without which men could not engage in the pursuits of life. In pur- 