SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 653 Aside from those mentioned in other items, agitations against Sunday ball-playing are reported from the following places : Medora, Kans.; Belleville, N. J. ; Dunkirk, N. Y., ; Luverne, Minn. ; Fre-mont, Neb. ; Nashua, N. H.; Williams, Minn.; Ilion, N. Y.; and Manville, R. I. At the latter place the town council has been complained to by the ministers "against the practise of Sunday ball play-ing" and requested to "enforce the law in this matter as soon as possible." Rev. Albert Crabtree presented this complaint to the council. He informed the mem-bers that "further steps will be taken if a stop is not put to it by the council ;" that "the governor of the State will be appealed to in the matter and the mem-bers of the town council arrested, if needs be, in order to break it up." The chair-man stated that if the ball games created a nuisance the State authorities would attend to the matter without the interfer-ence of the council. He was informed by Mr. Crabtree that such a statement, emanating from the council, showed a spirit oi anarchy. The discussion was ended by the filing of the petition or complaint. The retail clerks of Chicago are mak-ing another effort to secure Sunday clos-ing of all stores, but as there is no law at present that can be appealed to in the matter, the movement is being carried on pretty much as' such 'movements should be carried on. It is to be "a campaign of sentiment," and instead of calling into service detectives and policemen, war-rants and courts, the clergymen of the city have been asked to preach against Sunday buying and to personally labor with members of their congregations who own stores that are open on Sunday, and by means of circulars, letters and house-to-house canvassing. the patrons of the stores are to be induced to do no Sun- day purchasing. Public meetings will also be held on the streets, and the clerks will visit in a body churches at which employers who keep open Sundays are in the habit of worshiping. It is expected that by means of these "moral" influ-ences "the stores in the central part of the city will yield first, and that after this the movement will travel like a wave down the important business streets and toward the limits." The pastors of the six principal churches of Watertown, S. D., have placed themselves on record, in a notice "to the public of Watertown," as being very desirous that "Sunday may be kept, as in the past, a day for quiet and wor-ship, as the laws of our State and city contemplate," and as "deeply deploring recent tendencies to secularize the day by public games, excursions and other pub-lic entertainments," which are declared to be "opposed to the best traditions of our country and hostile to our religious life." The Watertown Public Opinion says that "there are church-going peo-ple who hold conscientiously that Sunday is no more sacred than Monday," and that "if we return to original commands, the seventh day (Saturday) is the real Sabbath and the day to be held as dedi-cated to physical rest and spiritual wor- Ł ship." But it observes that "Sunday has become to a large proportion of our peo-ple a day to be regarded as the Sabbath." With a wisdom and sense of justice and right which professed ministers of the gospel too often fail to show on this point, it declares that the situation is one in which "conscience must settle the con-troversy between right and wrongŠnot the conscience of the minister, not that of the deacon, nor of the elders, but the inner conscience, the small voice which ever suggests to man that this is right and that is wrong." This is sound doc- 