illace Sae&nail OF COVROSTlliall L01 rr A weekly publication devoted to the maintenance and defense of liberty of conscience, and therefore opposed to any violation or compromise of the principle of separa- tion of church and state. Non-sectarian and non-partisan in the application of principles. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Published by REVIEW AND HERALD PUBLISHING ASSN., 222 N. Capitol St., Washington, D. C. To whom all communications of a business nature should be addressed. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance,and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any Individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe It is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be ourduty, and no lessthe duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, per year months  Si.00 .5o "  three months  -  .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year   1.50 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year   .70 Club rate for three and six montns in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. For the first time in its history of nearly twenty years the Chicago Israelite on December I2 issued a special number Ñ the " Chanukah Edition "Ñ and a very creditable number it is. Besides con-taining twice the usual number of pages it is printed upon a superior grade of paper, is pro-fusely illustrated, and is issued in a very artistic cover. Its contents is a " resume of the grand total of American Jewish activities," being a pre-sentation, for the first time it is said, of " a his-tory of all the national Jewish institutions of the country." It is therefore of " value in an historic way " to all concerned with or desirous of inform-ing themselves with regard to the life and ac-tivities of American Judaism. The price of the number is Io cents, post-paid. Address 324 Dear-born St., Chicago. The Life Boat, the illustrated monthly journal' " devoted to charitable, philanthropic, health and soul-saving work " especially among the poor and outcast of the cities, announces arrangements with the excellent health magazine Good Health whereby the two may be obtained for one year for the sum of eighty-five cents, which is less than the regular price for the Good Health alone. " This offer applies not only to new subscribers to the health magazine, but includes renewals to the Life Boat as well as new subscribers." It is stated that those who desire to avail themselves of this. offer should act at once. Address the Life Boat, 28 Thirty-third Place, Chicago, Ill. We are glad to learn that " something like 5,000 new subscrip-tions to the Life Boat are being received each. month." The excellent work in which it is en-gaged merits it this hearty support. A beautiful and valuable book that is most ap-propriate for gift purposes is the work " Journeys. by Land and Sea: A Visit to Five Continents," by G. C. Tenney. " The spirit of our age is draw-ing nations and men into closer union, and a better knowledge of each other; travel and books of travel are the great agents of this transforming genius," says the author in the preface. " The-knowledge of our fellow-beings, of their circum-stances, of the advantages they possess, of the dis-advantages under which they live, furnishes the best possible basis for a life of usefulness. The object of this book is to contribute somewhat to this knowledge." The book is a most interesting report of the author's observations and experiences in a journey 'round the world, starting from the United States and going westward. While the writer follows to some extent the highways of travel it has been his purpose, both in description and illustration, to pass rapidly over the more familiar scenes of Europe and America, and give most attention to those regions with which the majority of readers are not so well acquainted. These regions are : Hawaii, Pitcairn, New Zea-land, Australia, Ceylon, India, Egypt, and Pales-tine. A new edition of the work has just been issued after a thorough revision by the author. It is less bulky than the former edition, but con-tains the same amount of matter and is printed on much better paper. It contains 392 pages and so illustrations of superior character. It will be found a most interesting book, wholesome and instructive, and makes especially good reading for the young. Size 6%x9 in. and I in. thick. Beau-tifully bound in cloth. Price post-paid, $1.5o, with the usual discounts to the trade. Address Re-view and Herald Publishing Co., Battle Creek,. Mich., or the publishers of this paper. 