524 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY authority for the observance of the day that governments are petitioned to enact laws to enforce its observance. And it is perfectly plain in all this that all such legislation is in the interests of religion, and consequently a union of church and state. All such union in the past has been  attended by persecution, and an interfer-ence by the majority with the conscien-tious convictions of the humble minority..  Let the evil work of the " Lord's Day " Alliance bear its fruit, as it will at no distant day, and the fires of religious. oppression will once more be rekindled. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarilv the items in moat instance. must be a hare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. 0 The authorities of Wadena, Minn., were recently reported to be " strictly enforcing the Sunday-closing law." At Bordentown, N. J., on July 20 " the law and order league attempted to enforce the laws requiring the closing on Sunday of cigar stores, candy shops, butcher shops, and other places of busi-ness." It was recently reported from Medford, Wis., that " the city council has under-taken the work of a strict enforcement of the Sunday-closing laws of the State, and all stores of every kind and nature will have to close." " Some little discussion over the in-fraction of the Sunday ordinances " took place recently at Brownsville, Tenn. " The specific violations found were for the sale of cigars on Sunday." Most of the parties " submitted their cases and were given a nominal fine," but " J. C. Wharton appealed his case so that the matter might be tested in the circuit court." In Meriden, Conn., on July 19 " not a fruit store was open during the day until after sundown," owing to " the en-forcement of a blue-law Sunday " upon the fruit dealers. These dealers felt that  " an improper discrimination had been made against them by the authorities," and were " determined that if the law is to be enforced against them, it will be en-forced against every business to which it may apply." It seems that the authorities have compromised matters by making the law apply only from sunriseŁ to sunset, in. harmony with what the law was many years ago. The ministerial association of Butler,.  Pa., recently " framed a petition to Mayor Wm. M. Kennedy, asking that he enforce the Sunday-closing law, especially toward' confectionery and cigar stores and soda fountains." In a communication to the association the mayor declined to do so, saying that he did not care to do some-thing that would "lead the outside world to think I am a fossil or belong to a past generation." He told the clergymen that " if action must be taken on the Sunday question, and that action be the closing of the soda-water stores," they would have to go to the district attorney " for aid in the cause." The council of Mountain Lake, Minn., has passed an ordinance which declares that " no person shall participate in the playing of baseball or any other game within the village limits on the Sabbath day," and that any person violating this 