660 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY government, is civil, social liberty. If one will think the matter over carefully he will see that there cannot be, and that there never has been, any religious persecution (so-called) by government, or for that matter by any authority whatever, that was anything more nor less, whatever may have been its in-spiration or object, than an invasion and denial of those fundamental and in-alienable hunian rights; divine of course in their origin, to which the, founderi of the American Republic referred in the phrase, " life, liberty, and the pur-suit of happiness." Though a most im-portant one, religious liberty in its' or-dinary sense is but one phase of these inalienable human rights. Though it is not commonly so regarded, especially by those whose attention has been cen-tered upon that phase of human rights which has to do with religious liberty, and who have felt their liberty endan-gered and invaded only at that point, it seems to me that the right of the indi-vidual to freedom from injustice and oppression is as sacred in any other direction as it is in the matter of relig-ious profession and practise, and that the ground of protest against injustice and oppression in one direction cannot be essentially different from the ground of protest against injustice and oppres-sion in any other direction. I emphasize this point because there is a proneness with some ardent friends of religious liberty to make a distinc-tion here that it seems to me does not exist, and to take a position that it seems to me is fatal to the whole con-tention for religious liberty in the or-dinary sense. It is held in effect that while it is highly proper to oppose and protest against any encroachment upon what is termed religious liberty, that it may not be proper at all to make any opposition and protest against en-eroachments upon what is termed civil  liberty. It is dthought that a Christian has a latitude for-opposition to an inva- sion of what is termed his religious liberty that he does not have at all for opposition to an invasion of his liberty in other directions. This idea is, in brief : Hold tenaciously to your relig-ious liberty, never admit the right of any authority to invade it ; but yield up your liberty in other directions whenever called upon-to do so. It is not strange that such an idea should obtain,. and .I do not say that it is altogether wrong. While religious liberty in- its ordinary sense is in fact civil, social liberty, it is a civil, social liberty of which human beings are ex-ceedingly tenacious, and necessarily so, for tyranny and oppression at this point run counter to the deepest instincts and principles of theŁhuman heart. The nature of man is such that he instinc-tively revolts at the idea of controlling' the mind and conscience by force, by means of outward .pains and penalties. He feels that his relation to God is above all human authority,. that that worship which is not free and volun-tary is destitute of virtue and unac-ceptable to God, that no power or au-thority can of right interpose,  itself between the soul and the object of its worship. And therefore that interfer-ence with- his liberty and freedom, that civil tyranny, which assumes, though it is powerless to change or alter the thing in reality, that his relation to God is not above human authority, that wor-ship may be compelled and coerced, and that there may be' interposition between the soul and the object of its worship, is especially repulsive and abhorrent to him. But since there is no difference be-tween the right of public assemblage when it is exercised by the most devout of religious people for the purpose of worshiping and prafsing Gbd, and when Ł 