511 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. is the citizen's best tribute to his country. The na-tion may be preserved in war, but, it must be built up in peace. Who Will Live for His Country ? Who, then, is willing to live for his country to-day? Who is willing to live for this great country which has been the home of freedom, of civil and religious liberty, the refuge for the victims of des-potism in other lands? Who is willing to live for those great principles of justice and respect for in-alienable rights upon which this nation was estab-lished? Who is willing to stand by the American Constitution and the Declaration of Independence? Who will say with that Declaration that " all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights," among which " are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness," and that " to preserve these rights governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed " ? Who will say this not merely by word of mouth, but by embodying these principles in his life? , Ł Testimony of Eminent Americans. Who will say with Thomas Jefferson that since " Almighty God hath created the mind free," " all attempts to influence it by temporal punishments or burdens, or by civil incapacitations, tend only to beget habits of hypocrisy and meanness, and are a departure from the plan of the Holy Author of our religion, who, being Lord both of body and mind, yet chose not to propagate it by coercions on either, as was in his almighty power to do;" that "to com-pel a man to furnish contributions of money for the propagation of opinions which he disbelieves is sin-ful and _tyrannical," and that " to suffer the civil magistrate to intrude his power's into the field-of opinion, and to ,restrain the profession or propaga-tion of principles on the supposition of their ill tendency, is a dangerous fallacy which at once de-stroys all religious liberty " ? Who will say with James Madison that " religion, Or the duty which we owe to our Creator and the manner of discharging it, can be directed only by reason and conviction, not by force or violence. The religion, then, of every man must be left to the conviction and conscience of every man, and it is the right of every man to exercise it as these may dictate " ? Who will hold with Madison that " it is proper to take alarm at the first experiment upon our liberties " ? Who Will Stand by the Constitution ? Who will say with the Constitution that " Con-gress shall make no law respecting and establish-ment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise 'thereof or abridging the freedom of speech or of the press ; " that "no religious test shall ever.be  re-quired as a qualification to any office or public trust under the United States; " and that there shall be no inequality_ of rights " on account of race, color or previous condition of servitude " ? Who will say with Abraham Lincoln that "when the white man governs himself that is self-govern-ment, but when he governs himself and also another man that is more than self-governmentŠthat is des-potism " ? Who will say with the great commander:U. S. Grant, "Let us all labor to,add all needful guaran-tees for the more perfect security of free thought, free speech and free press; pUre morals, unfettered religious sentiments, and of equal rights and privi-leges to all men, irrespective of nationality, color or religion. * * * Resolve that neither the state nor nation, nor both combined, shall support insti-tutions of learning other than those sufficient to afford to every child growing up in the land the opportunity of a good common school education, unmixed with sectarian, pagan, or atheistical tenets. Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the church, and the private school, supported entirely by private contributions. Keep the church and state forever separate " ? "Let Us Have Peace." Who wi!l believe that General W. T. Sherman spoke truly when he said, "War is hell" ? and with General Grant will exclaim, "Let us have peace!"? Who will say all these things not in words merely, but in deeds as well? Who will stand for these principles? Who will dare to have the true patriotism to live them out daily and monthly and yearly for his country's good? He who will do this will confer the greatest benefit upon his. coun-try, greater than he could render on the field, of battle. And verily there is abundant need for such service as this to-day. The very life of the nation as a free republic depends upon it. National life in a republic is vitally related to the individual lives of the people, and only as the people are willing to live for the principles of liberty and justice in gov-ernment, can " government of the people, by the people, for the people " be preserved on the earth. S. 