Religious Liberty and the Australian Ł Constitution BE  W. A. Colcord I ry I N forming a constitution for the Com- monwealth of Australia two measures were considered touching the matter of religion : one looking toward an establish-ment of religion, the other toward keep-ing religion and the state entirely sep-arate. A brief history of these, and the controversies which grew out of them, will be of interest to the readers of THE SENTINEL. In the original draft of the constitu-tion, made in 1891, there was a clause reading : A State shall not make any law prohibiting the free exercise of any religion. At the time of the Federal conventions held in Adelaide, March, 1897, and in Melbourne, February, 1898, for the final drafting of the constitution, many peti-tions from various churches were sent in, praying that in the preamble to the con-stitution there should beŠ A recognition of Almighty God as having sovereignty over nations, and as supreme Source of all righteous and equitable govern-ment. At the same time a counter petition was circulated, and signed by 38,odo persons, as follows : We, the undersigned, adult residents of Š, believing that religion and the state should be kept entirely separate, that religious legis-lation is subversive of good government, con-trary to the principles of sound religion, and can result only in religious persecution, hereby humbly but most earnestly petition your hon-orable body not to insert any religious clause or measure in the constitution for the Aus-tralian Commonwealth which might be taken as a basis for such legislation, but that a declaration be made in the constitution stating that neither the Federal government nor any State parliament shall make any law respect- ing religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. The reasons why this petition was got-ten up and circulated are given in the petition itself. Its object was to influence the Federal delegates, if possible, to form a government on the Christian principle of civil government, leaving to Caesar the control of civil things and to God the things which are God's. The only reason given in the first-men-tioned petitions for their existence and circulation was that those who signed them were " earnestly convinced " that there should be in the Federal constitu-tion such a recognition of God as the peti-tions called for. What their real object was, however, may be learned from state-ments made by some of their friends and promoters. Thus the Adelaide Church News, for March 26, 1897, said : We, the members of the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania, desire that in the preamble of the bill which frames the Federal Constitution some words may be inserted set-ting forth our national creed. Their real object, therefore, was to establish a " national creed," and so lay the foundation for religious legislation and the enforcement of religious observ-ances by law, as will appear from quota-tions given a little farther on. Some even in the convention saw this. When the matter came up for discussion, and a religious declaration was proposed for insertion in the preamble, Mr. Barton, the leader of the convention and the pres-ent premier of Australia, said, " I have all along thought that it is, to a certain extent, a danger to insert words of this kind in the preamble," and pointed out 