558  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the church. But farther on in his ad-dress, waxing earnest over what he conceived to be the desperate situation of the "Sabbath" at the present time, and evidently forgetting the point he had al-ready made, he declared : "I sometimes think that, after all, we shall have to look to the labor unions for relief and remedy. They have demanded and won the short-er working day. When will they arise and demand the seventh day for rest, and the enforcement of the laws on the stat-ute books ?" The speaker seemed to be blissfully unconscious of the fatal bear-ing of this admission upon the argument which he had elaborated with regard to the helplessness of the workingman in this matter and the consequent necessity for the church to come to his assistance by demanding Sunday legislation in his behalf. Another point was that there is a great physical law requiring "seventh-day rest." But it was a law very hard to discoverÑso hard that it was just be-ginning to dawn upon men after 6,000 years' experience. And because He knew it would take the race a long time to make this discovery God wisely gave them the command of Sabbath observ-ance in the beginning ! Dr. Holmes devoted himself chiefly to an arraignment of church people them-selves for "Sabbath desecration." He condemned Sunday traveling, and de-clared that church people and many min-isters were great offenders in this respect. 'They "ride miles on a street-car on Sun-day, passing three or four churches of their own denomination, in order to get to one where they want to go," and they begin railway journeys on Sunday night or end them on Sunday morning and "think that they are keeping the Sabbath whollyÑnot holy, wholly." He had been told by railroad officials, and he believed that it was true, that if it were not for the patronage of church members and ministers Sunday trains would not be run. He thought this was a terrible state of affairs, and vigorously denounced the use made of the words, "the Sabbath was made for man," and the passages regard-ing the taking the ox from the ditch on the Sabbath, to excuse these thirigs. He declared at this point : "Christ made a hole in the Sabbath laws of his time big enough to drop a grain of barley through. We've made a hole big enough to run a railroad train through sidewise. Indeed, it is full of holes now. You could lay out golf linksÑeighteen holesÑin it." Where absolute necessity required it he did not object to traveling or the running of trains ; he was "not in favor of an ecclesiastical Sabbath, but of the Christian Sabbath." When his time came Dr. Hathaway bounded to the front of the platform as though he were eager for the fray, and launched forth with much fervor into the subject. He thought the "Sabbath" question was the most important one that could be considered by the Assembly ; that it was "the most important question before the American people to-day." "What the dike is to Holland," he de-clared, "that the Christian Sabbath is to our Christian civilization. Unless we can keep up the dike of the Christian Sab-bath, anarchy, socialism, and every crime and vice, will come in and destroy our country." He also warmly seconded Dr. Holmes' remarks with regard to "Sab-bath desecration" by ministers and church people. He asked the audience to pray for the "at least ten thousand pro-fessed Christians playing golf this very minute in the vicinity of this city," and, with what seemed to be pointed refer-ence to members of the Assembly itself, in view of the fact that some of the cler-gymen were advertised to preach in city churches in the morning and at churches in neighboring cities in the evening, de- 