EDITORIAL Ł NOTE AND COMMENT 76/ and no doubt to "the Church," also, when the time to carry the matter that far arrived. This paper thinks it strange that "thinking Protestants, while rec-ognizing the evil results of the non-religious training of youth, are adverse to the adoption of the only practical plan of wedding religious instruction to scholastic training." That plan of wedding religious instruction to schol-astic training which involves the wed-ding of church and state is not a practi-cal plan from any standpoint of truth and right, but the Catholic Church is going to keep on until she gets it adopted in this country as the only practical plan. One evil that is permitted can always be quoted in favor of another. To allow one of a class of evils is to allow the whole class. Thus we have "the question of conscience" in the matter of "religious instruction in our public schools" disposed of by Henry Baker, an Episcopal clergyman of Rosendale, N. Y., in a communication to the New York Sun: The question of conscience is large and has many sides. If the fear of of-fending conscience is real and true, the State ought not to pass any Sunday laws, for among our citizens are Jews and Seventh-day Baptists, who regard Saturday as the Sabbath and day of rest, besides others, who acknowledge no God and repudiate all religion; yet on all these the State imposes a law which forbids them to buy and sell on the Christian Sunday. This is justified on the grounds that it is for the good of the nation that there should be such laws and that the minority must give way to the majority. Exactly the same rule applies in this matter of religious instruction. Yes, if the rule is good in the one case, so is it in the other. And since the rule is not good and is a plain and inexcusable overriding of principle in  the one case, so is it in the other. It, is well to have the identity in principle of state enforcement of the observance of the. "Christian Sunday" and state teaching of religion publicly acknowl-edged and declared by a clergyman who advocates "religion instruction in our public schools." This identity does not prove that the latter is right; it proves that the former is wrong. In both the principle of separation of church and state is violated and the rights of conscience are infringed. Says a clergyman who wrote to the New York Sun in favor of religious in-struction in the public schools : If we devised a system or religious instruction on general lines without de-nominationalism, and protected the parents by a "conscience clause" (which should .provide that on the ob-jection of a parent his child should not be given any religious instruction), we should have very few, if any, objec-tions. The best way to avoid objections in this mater would be to adhere strictly to principle. Such a "conscience clause" would be exactly parallel to the exemption clause for seventh-day observers in Sunday laws. It would be mere toleration. But the rights of con-science are entitled to more than tolera-tion in this country, and they are in-fringed if they do not have more than toleration. A citizen not only has the right to say that his children shall not be .taught religion by the state, but he also has the equal right to say that other people's children shall not be taught religion at his expense. This latter right would be wholly ignored by this "conscience clause" proposed as a means of silencing objection to the scheme to have religious teaching by the state ; and, as we have said, the former would only be tolerated by it. 