EDITORIAL 301 days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work : But the seventh day is the Sab-bath of the Lord thy God." Now here is Dr. Kneeland, not only perfectly willing that the day here com-manded to be kept holy shall be utterly disregarded and made the busiest day of the week, but he is scouring the country in the attempt to work up a sentiment that will endorse the enactment and en-forcement of legislation that will prohibit 'as a crime labor on one of the days on which this commandment declares "shalt thou labor." Yet he declares that that commandment is the storm center of the whole and cannot be disregarded without impairing and destroying the other nine! And in the same connection he expresses his astonishment at the narrowness of the people who observe this command-ment and oppose his attempts to nullify their right under it to work on Sunday ! "They have a smaller pin point on which to base their reasoning than any sect" that he knows of ! Well,' where is the point, even the pin point, on which he bases his position and reasoning in this matter? A correspondent of the Christian Work thinks that "a proposition to open saloons on the Sabbath in a Christian community is astonishing." If he will seriously and candidly consider this mat-ter he will arrive at the conclusion that no such proposition has been made in a Christian community. A community which supports upwards of 13,000 sa-loons and all their adjuncts, not to speak of a thousand and one other things, and whose "best citizens" are concerned about the open saloon only for one day of the week and are apparently perfectly con-tent that it should flourish the other six days, is scarcely a Christian community. If Greater New York were a Christian  community it would not be confronted with a great liquor problem, and neither would any of its inhabitants be demand-ing the employment of the policeman's club to prevent "the desecration of the Sabbath." A prominent journal says: "It is one of the curious developments of the times that in the present discussion of the Sun-day laws some of the strongest advocates of a liberal Sunday, even to the point of open saloons, are representatives of Pu-ritanism, while some of the strongest ad-vocates of strict Sabbath observance are representatives of the Catholic Church which might naturally be supposed to be in, sympathy with conditions which exist in most of the countries of Europe."' It is true that the Puritan Sunday is not very prevalent in countries where Catholicism is strongest. We read of priests attending cock-fights and lottery drawings on Sundays in South American countries, and, according to a writer in a recent number of the Christian Register, much the same condition of affairs exists among the Catholics of Italy. An old priest of Pisa, Italy, on being asked as to the religious condition of the people of that community, replied: "They no longer love their Lord. They no longer associate the Lord's day with a sense of joyousness. We are told to worship the Lord with joy, and now they reserve their festivities for another day than the festival of their risen Lord. Would you believe it, sir? They have actually held the historical horse-trot on Monday in-instead of on the Lord's day !" But because the Catholic Church does not object to such Sunday observance in Catholic countries, it by no means fol-lows that she would favor laxity in this respect in other countries. She knows well enough that Sunday observance 