Ł 194 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY aallellaell OF OffillILMAIN Lamm,  PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, II WEST 20TH ST., NEW YORK CITY. TERAS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Single copy, per year$1.0o six months  .so three months  -25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.25 CLUBBING RATE per copy 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .70 Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving "The Sentinel of Christian Lib-erty" without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. Opinions Below we give some of the many expres-sions of encouragement and appreciation that we have received from our readers: "We like THE SENTINEL very much;" "We consider that THE SENTINEL in its not think of doing without THE SENTI-new form is a great improvement;" "I could NEL;" "I am deeply interested in the work that THE SENTINEL is doing, and I will do what I can to build up the work and help extend its circulation;" "I appreciate THE SENTINEL in its new form;" "The Decem-ber number of THE SENTINEL received, and I am much pleased with it;" "I have been a reader of THE SENTINEL since its birth and cannot afford to be without it." "My subscription has expired, but I think that I cannot get along without THE SEN-TINEL. I send my renewal and also a new subscription." "We like the paper and do not wish to miss a number;" "I am very much interested in the work of THE SENTI-NEL;" "I received the first number of THE SENTINEL in its new form and. I am pleased with its appearance;" "I like the way you are getting out THE SENTINEL;" "I wish for the journal in its new and improved dress larger patronage for the years to come;" "I am sure that THE SENTINEL has lost none of its always excellent quality, but rather improved." Others will appreciate THE SENTINEL as much as our regular readers. If you de-sire sample copies to show your friends, with a view of obtaining a few subscriptions, thus enlarging the influence of THE SENTINEL, we will be pleased to send them to you. Ad-dress, THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY, II W. loth St., New York City. We are obliged to call attention to another mortifying typographical error. In the title under the illustration on page 96 of our last issue the word "Teetor" should of course have been "Teeter," but the printers seemed determined not to have it "Teeter," and after insisting that it be "Tutor" they finally went so far as to make it "Teetor." We shall do our utmost to see that it does not become necessary again to call attention to errors of this kind. The celebrated leader of the Tammany political organization of New York City, Richard Croker, has been succeeded in that capacity by Mr. Lewis Nixon. It is rumored that Mr. Croker's with-drawal from the management of the or-ganization will result in its reorganiza-tion on lines of "relative respectability." It is generally believed that Tammany is shrewdly preparing the way for a return to power. 