The Origin and Object of Civil Government By W. A. Colcord CIVIL government exists primarily for the protection of human rights in this world. So far as its legitimate sphere is concerned civil government has nothing whatever to do with the world to come. Its business is solely with the affairs of this world. To give rights is not within the province of civil gov-ernment. Rights are God-given, not man made. The state cannot create pri-mary rights, such as the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. It can only deal with rights as it finds them. Neither is it the duty of civil govern-ment to enforce rights. It has no right to compel men to exercise their rights. They are to be left free to do this or not as they choose. The business of the state is simply to protect men in the exercise and enjoyment of their rights. But when did civil governments orig-inate, and how came they to be a neces-sity? This is a question not generally nor sufficiently understood. The answer, however, is not far to seek. Stating the reason for the need of civil government, a modern author on the subject says: Man is by nature selfish, and many would infringe the rights of others, for their own self-ish ends, unless restrained. Hence we see the necessity of some kind of fixed rules that each one may know what he may do, and what he must not do. Man is by nature selfish, hence the need of civil government. Herein lies the secret of the origin and necessity of civil governments. They are needed because men are selfish. But when did man by nature become selfish? Was he made thus? Certainly not, for the Bible plainly states that in the beginning God made man " upright," and that when He had finished His work He pronounced everything " very good." When, therefore, we ask again, did man  become selfish? The answer is plainŠit was when he sinned. The entrance of sin into the world, therefore, gave rise to civil governments, and made them a necessity. Had there been no sin there would have been no civil government, and no need of any. This is not to say that there would have been no order, law, or government in the world. There would have been, and of the best and most perfect kind. But it would not have been human order, human law, or human government, which, in brief, is civil government. The order that would have existed would have been God's order ; the law would have been God's law, and the government God's govern-ment. It would all have been divine and not human, religious and not civil. All men would have been under obedience to God's laws, and hence under God's gov-ernment. All would have been loyal and obedient subjects of heaven. But sin, by implanting selfishness in the human heart, separated man from God, and made another order of govern-ment a necessity. No longer controlled by the love and fear of God, it was neces-sary that man, in his natural, sinful, selfish state, should be controlled by human laws and the fear of temporal punishments. While still responsible to God, and judgment bound, as a temporal and temporary deterrent to the carrying out of his selfish nature and desires, man was made subject to his fellowmen; leg-islative, judicial and executive govern-ment was, for the time being, committed to man, and the law laid down, " Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed." This is civil government. With this explanation in mind, the question, Who need civil government? is readily answered. All need the influ- 