"NATIONAL REFORM" "CHRISTIAN" LOBBYING MACHINE 679 who remain silent. "I do not believe in this anti-canteen law," said Gen. Grosve-nor one day on the floor of the House, "but I am going to vote for it just the same. I have become convinced that my constituents want it." Many others who did not make so open a confession felt about the same way. Senator Black-burn, of Kentucky, once said to Dr. Crafts : "Why, you have put my whole State in a turmoil over this matter. I would wager that I have got as many as twenty letters about it." Since twenty votes would not be a large percent-age in Kentucky, the impression which a few letters make cannot be better illus-trated. ROBERTS HAD TO GO A few years ago during the congres-sional recess all of the wise men of this latitude were habitually ridiculing the idea that Congress could take any action regarding the duly elected representative from the State of Utah. These wise men went into discussions of the constitu-tional phases of the question, and of how impossible it would be to do anything consistent with our fundamental law and the rights under it of a sovereign State. Any man who ventured to dissent from this prediction had but one argument : "Do not forget Southern Presbyterian-ism. Brigham H. Roberts must look to his Democratic associates of the South for support, if he is to have any, but they cannot forget the rugged Presbyterian-ism of a large share of their constitu-ents." The prediction was entirely sound. There was little constitutional ground for throwing Mr. Roberts out, but he had to go, and this very Reform Bureau played no small part in bringing that result to pass. PRESENT AIMS The Bureau will work during the coming short session for only three legis- lative measures. The first will be the immigration bill. The feature in which the Bureau is primarily interested is the section for the suppression of the sale of liquor at immigrant stations, but in general the Bureau favors the further restriction of immigration. A second bill aims to prohibit the sale of liquor in all Government buildings, particularly the soldiers' homes. A third measure, as yet inchoate, will be something to lessen in some way the practise of selling liquor by means of the interstate commerce privilege in towns which have prohibi-tion through local option. A GLANCE AT THE PAST Dr. Crafts first came here fourteen years ago, when a settled clergyman in New York, to appear before a congres-sional committee in favor of a bill look-ing to the reduction of Sunday work in the postal and military services. He came afterwards from time to time when tem-perance and anti-lottery measures were up, but found that working from a dis-tance, without local acquaintances or printing facilities was a great disadvan-tage, and so in 1895 he moved to town, and established his Reform Bureau. It now occupies a house near the Capitol, which has been turned into a workshop, where an immense mass of newspaper clippings have been gathered, bearing on the questions with which the Bureau concerns itself. These supplies are avail-able to other workers in similar lines. Recently a field secretary, the Rev. 0. R. Miller, has been added to the staff, and in other ways the work of the Bu-reau is growing. The Bureau claims to have secured forty-nine acts of government during its existence. Seven bills have been passed as drawn up by the Bureau and intro-duced at its request, including the new 