364 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. modern missionary societies, and at the beginning of this century these societies sent forth brave men, not only to preach the Gospel to the heathen, but also to supply the early settlers with ordinances of Christian-ity. * * * These men laid the foundations of our colonial churches, and they are worthy to be held in everlasting remembrance. "Such is the providential mission of England, and because she has fulfilled it with success she has excited the jealousy of the old powers of Europe. They talk about perfidious Albion, and they call us land-grabbers and all manner of hard names. A RULING AND COLONIZING RACE. "I do not say that we have always had right on our side. We are a ruling race. * * * The French people say that we are always professing that we do not want territory, and yet we are always taking it. They say that we regard heaven as a British' posses-sion. But there is more sincerity in our professions than there seems to be. * * * Our greatest inter-est is peace. We are colonizers. * * * There would have been no war in South Africa if Englishmen in the Transvaal had been treated as Dutchmen are treated in Cape Colony. The political rights which Mr. Chamberlain claimed for the Uitlanders were es-sentially reasonable. Europe said so, and if they had been conceded, the South African Republic would have renewed the lease of its life and prosperity. But in-stead of making any concession President Kruger sent us that precious ultimatumŠan ultimatum that was worthy of Napoleon himself. There was only one ad-dition that could have been made to it, and that was, All Englishmen must clear out of South Africa in six months. We are not fighting for the enfranchise-ment of Johannesburg. It is a question of supremacy between the two races. You cannot have two masters in one house. Seeing that our territory has been in-vaded, that our colonists have been plundered, and that our men have been slain, you may depend upon it that we shall not sheathe the sword until the union jacR waves over Pretoria. A POSSIBLE ALLIANCE. "The help of Canada and the sympathy of America have given us the warmest satisfaction and pleasure. When America went to war with Spain on behalf of Cuba we gave her our blessing, and she has repaid us with interest. You have departed in one way from the Monroe doctrine. You have adopted a foreign policy, and if you intend to continue on this line, you will find it necessary to consider the question of alliances with other powers. And what is so natural as that a new friendship should be established between Great Britain and America? We are allied in blood. Our principles of self-government are the same. Our interests are identical in various parts of the world ; and these are strong reasons why we should be friends, and why we should co-operate for the advancement of civilization and for the triumph of Christianity throughout the earth." •  It is thus that ministers of the Prince of Peace iden-tify themselves with human governments and help to keep alive and to fan into intensity the war spirit, than  which nothing can be more contrary to the spirit of Christ. Again, notice how the sentiment in favor of an alli-ance between this country and Great Britain is culti-vated. Notice the mingling of the secular and the ecclesiastical, of the material and the spiritualŠin short, of the sacred and the profane. Our material in-terests are the same, therefore "we should co-operate for the triumph of Christianity throughout the earth." And what sort of Christianity is it that thus tri-umphs throughout the earth? So far as the govern-ment is concerned it is a Christianity that forces opium upon China at the cannon's mouth and that sends to every heathen land ten gallons of rum for every Bible. Christianity is all right ; and Anglo-Saxon civil-ization is far in advance of the civilization of Asia or Africa; and the political systems of Europe and Amer-ica are far ahead of those of other parts of the world, but it is a misnomer to call them "Christian." It is impossible for any people ever to highly esteem any religion that has been forced upon them by the sword. It is possible "to build the kingdom of Jesus Christ" only by preaching the gospel of the Prince of Peace. B. Bread-selling a Crime. "It has become a crime to sell bread on Sunday in the city of New York," says a weekly paper published in that city. "On May 21 four men were arraigned in Essex Market police court on the charge of having committed that offense. The arresting officer looked ashamed of his position, and the magistrate inquired, `Can't the police find any more serious crime down this way ?' Then the officer told how he came to make the arrests. 'It isn't my fault, judge,' he said; 'I acted under orders. A minister has been complaining about me allowing the law to be violated. He comes to the station house frequently and insists that we arrest these desecrators of the Sabbath. I only obeyed or-ders. He is the Rev. Malcolm A. Birnie, and he is connected with a mission at 280 Rivington street.' The accused men were discharged, but when the Rev. Birnie was seen he, expressed a determination to keep on calling the attention of the police to the vio-lations of the law. Birnie is chairman of the 'Committee on Good Cit-izenship of the First District of New York City Chris-tian Endeavor Union,' and causing the arrest of men who sell bread or ice cream and of boys who sell flow-ers is in the line of his work, which he says is done in the interests of Sunday school children. He stated to a reporter: 'We want the streets of New York so quiet on Sundays that children attending our Sunday schools may go to and from their homes undisturbed 