548  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY for the social and political conditions would have made such an application ab-surd. . . . The Declaration meant simply that the Colonies had become tired of the British domination, deeming it oppressive, and intended to set up a gov-ernment of their own by the right of revolution. They were not laying down a principle for anybody except .them-selves.ÑNew York Sun, January, 1899. Considerably more than a century ago a certain notable declaration was made in this country to the effect that all men ought to be ¥free and independent. This is merely a generalization of the French school of Voltaire and the encyclopedists. It is a dictum absolutely lacking founda-tion in history and incapable of syllogis-tic justification. It was, however, a handy phrase for us to employ when as-serting our right to break away from the mother country; it suited the exigencies of our situation in 1776 admirably, though in itself but a bit of sublimated demagogism. . . . To bring forward this declaration in the year 'goo, in con-nection with our treatment of the Fili-pinos and the Cubans, is as gross an ab-surdity as ever was practised.ÑUnited States Investors' Review, Boston, 190o. The Declaration of Independence is not an infallible epitome of political truth. . . . It so happens, as a mat-ter of fact, that this document says noth-ing whatever about self-government. Only one clause, and that a parenthetical oneÑthe phrase, "deriving their just powers. from the consent of the gov-erned"Ñcan be interpreted to imply, even remotely, any doctrine of self-gov-ernment, and this implication from this phrase is by no means _ a necessary one. . .  What the Declaration of Independence affirms is that governments exist for the benefit -of the governed ; and this is different from affirming that they  must always be administered by the gov-erned. . . . It was against the spo-liation of the governed for the benefit of the governor, not for any abstract right of self-government that the Declaration of Independence was a protest and the American Revolution a successful revolt. ÑThe Outlook, May 20, 1899. The framers of the American Declara-tion of Independence were inspired by an ardent patriotism and by lofty mo-tives, and their statements embodied a sufficient justification of the cause to which they sought to devote their coun-trymen ; but there was no revelation of universal and eternal truth in the "glit-tering generalities" with which they pref-aced those statements. On the contrary, they consecrated to perpetuity some of the most obvious fallacies that were ever promulgated to mislead men. They pro-claimed it to be a self-evident truth "that all men are created equal ; that they are -endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights ; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness." Whatever interpretation and exe-gesis may do for this declaration, in the sense in which it is commonly accepted and used in the place of argument, it is neither self-evident nor truth: . . . All men are simply not created equal in any possible sense of the word.ÑAmos K. Fiske, in North American Review for December, 1899. These end-of-the-century days have proved hard times for general theories and universal principles in political sci-ence. . . . One of the theories which has suffered most in these critical days is that of "natural rights." , . . The revolt against it grows apace. . . . No society finds it possible to acknowledge an "in- alienable right" to life. .  . We are hearing a great deal in these days of the "self-evident truth" that governments 