634 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY to conscience; not for new legislation on the statute books, but for new life and conduct on the part of individuals. It is an appeal not only to the love of right, but to the love of country, for it shows that individual right-doing is not only the way of individual safety, but is also the way of national safety, and is the best service that the individual can ren-der to the state. It does not involve a union of religion and the state, and in-stead of being the same it holds forth the idea that is most opposed to that of the Papacy and "National Reform." More Seventh-Day Observers Ar-rested and Fined In addition to the case of Mr. W. T. Gibson, tried for Sunday labor at Mal-den, Mass., on August 14, which case is reported elsewhere, we have to record another case of Sunday enforcement upon seventh-day observers. E. N. and G. W. Vaughan, Seventh-day Adventists of Salisbury, N. C., wrote us the following under date of August 9: One year and three months ago we came to Salisbury and began a small business making candies and selling lunches. In a short time business began to increase, and we were in shape soon to earn a good living. About three weeks ago a warrant was served on us by the city authorities, charging us with violating the Sunday law by selling groceries on Sunday. They failed to make out the case against us, and it was dismissed. There are a dozen or more places conducting a similar business to ours, but we are the only ones who have been interfered with. Last Monday another warrant was served on us, this time the document stating the offense to be the selling of ice-cream and watermel-ons. The first witness testified that he had purchased melon from us, but that he had eaten it where he purchased it. The prosecu-tion tried to prove that the melon was carried away from our place, but failed to do so. The next witness testified that he bought a plate of  cream, but did not see any one else purchasing any goods. Another witness testified to the same. Our lawyer then reviewed the case, showing tnat they had not established the charge against us. But the mayor, pro tern., imposed a fine of $10.50. We paid the fine as we did not have the necessary means to appeal the case higher. Leaving out of the consideration en-tirely the principle involved in Sunday legislation and enforcement, we take it that there is no one who cannot see that such enforcement brings a severe hard-ship upon seventh-day observers. The exemption clauses which appear in many Sunday laws is evidence that this fact is well known to legislators. But, strange to say, this enforcement upon seventh-day observers is allowed to go on here and there, even in the face of exemption clauses. And in some States, as in North Caro-lina, there is not even the scant protec-tion, the mere toleration, which an ex-emption clause affords. There, as in many other States, the "factitious ad-vantage" which the law secures to the observers of Sunday is absolute, and there remains for him who refuses to co-incide with the majority on this point and to honor a religious observance merely because it is required by the law of the State, but two courses : To keep on paying fines as they are imposed, or, by letting the other penalty of imprison-ment, which cannot be stayed or avoided, take its course, refuse to thus yield, con-sent and acquiesce in what is a gross and palpable injustice. Circumstances will alter cases here as elsewhere, but the latter course is that which in most cases will accord with the course of those brave spirits to whom the world owes its liberty and its enlightenment. r. With France, Spain and the United States compelled to wrestle with the in-cubus of unwholesome and state-usurp- 