INTOLERANCEÑPAST AND PROSPECTIVE  75 departs from those principles which were once her life, shall perish in her depart-ure. Those men who are turning her  from her primal, sacred path are luring her to destruction. But that is another story. IntoleranceÑPast and Prospective By M. E. Kellogg THE persecutions of the Middle Ages were  the priests of the dominant church, as they conceived it, to improve the condition of the people. The system of reasoning Ty-  whichthey justified such a course was very simple. The church had come, or thought it had, to the perfection of light and knowledge both as regards this world and the world to come. The church conceived itself to be the divinely appointed teacher of the world. Whatever it thought was best to be done, should be done; and object-ors, for the good of the state and the community, and for their own good, too, should be compelled, if need be, to do what the church held to be right. To those resting upon this self-satis-factory basis all arguments in regard to personal accountability to God and of individual rights in religious matters had no effect. They appealed to infallible authority, to the Scriptures, which speak of evildoers being rooted out from the earth, and they regarded themselves as the appointed agents of the Most High to carry out the decrees of the divine will. Thus religious zeal became synonymous with human cruelty. The foulest deeds and the most pious phrases went hand in hand; prayer and torture became boon companions. Strange as it may appear, perse-cuting heathenism was barely a thing of the past when its place was taken by what passed for the church of Jesus Christ; all freedom of thought was re-pressed; and if a Savonarola saw a purer faith, or a Galileo discovered a new scientific truth, it could be advocated only at the peril of life. This was in the days when one church Ñone vast system of religionÑheld all states and almost all people in bondage, making the acceptance of its dogmas, either willingly or by constraint, the price of every earthly blessing, and even of life itself. The physical agonies en-dured by the martyrs to civil and relig-ious liberty in those dark centuries have occupied the thoughts, engaged the pen and aroused the sympathies of the phi-losophers and philanthropists of modern times ; but who can picture the mental agony, the conflict of mind, when abject submission and credulous faith, with safety, were opposed by some illumina-tion of the Holy Spirit or flashes of reason leading into paths dangerous to tread! How many human souls went through life groping in thick darkness, trembling before creed and dogma, until the man created in the image of God was made, by what claimed to be the church of God, but a lump of clay, with-out thought, inert, doubting the sincerity of his own faith, fearing the results of his own unbelief, trembling between hope and fearÑhow many such lives those ages afforded nothing but the recording angel's pen can reveal. 