276 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY The idea that the United States gov-ernment, or that the President of the United States, is concerned with cer-tain ecclesiastical affairs of the Papacy continues to appear from time to time in dispatches. A dispatch from Rome a short time ago concerning the appoint-ment of Archbishop Ireland as cardinal," informed us that " personages of high au-thority at the Vatican say that his nomi-nation is likely in two contingenciesŠas a reward when the Philippine question is satisfactorily solved, or in the event of his nomination being asked for directly or indirectly by the supreme authority of the United States." About the same time another -dispatch from Rome informed us that " the Vatican has always instructed the apostolic delegates to keep in touch with the' trend of public opinion ever since Cardinal Satolli was in Washing-ton, when the Vatican understood that President Cleveland would view with sat-isfaction the nomination of Archbishop Ireland." The Springfield Republican remarks with regard to these dispatches that " there is some one in Rome who sends out dispatches concerning affairs in America of which he knows nothing," Ł and declares that they are both absurd. " Mr. Roosevelt has no concern or busi-ness in the work of any church," says the Republican, " nor is the future of Arch-bishop Ireland bound up with the Philip-pine question. And President Cleveland never had ally opinion to express regard-ing the promotion of John Ireland." The situation certainly should be such that these dispatches could be dismissed as utter absurdities, but unfortunately it is not such. The idea that they advance is a part of the general scheme of the Pa-pacy with regard to the United States, and what has been accomplished in re-cent years in furtherance of that scheme makes it anything but absurd. It can be depended upon that these dispatches, in-stead of being the inventions of some  uninformed person in Rome, are inspired by " personages of high authority at the Vatican." Their meaning is simply this : The Vatican is seeking to use the matter of Archbishop Ireland's promotion as a Means of furthering her scheme with re-gard to the United StatesŠas a means of entangling the American government in her meshes. She is trying to inveigle the government into asking for Ireland's pro-motionŠinto taking a hand in an eccle-siastical affair of her own. These dis-patches are simply an indirect invitation and solicitation from her to " the supreme authority of the United States " to take this step, and she is kind enough to let the supreme authority of the United States " know that if it is not convenient for it to take this step " directly " it will be all right for it to take it " indirectly." She knows full well that if she can get " the supreme authority of the United States " to take such a step, even " in-directly," she will have made an immense stride in her scheme to gain control of the American government and nation. The very thing that she is trying to ac-complish in this Ireland matter she tried to accomplish during the negotiaiions at the Vatican last summer when she pro-posed that President Roosevelt name to the Vatican the " apostolic delegates " for Washington and Manila, and when again she proposed that the fifth member of the tribunal of arbitration that was proposed should " be chosen in common accord by Pope Leo and President Roosevelt." And she has had in mind the same thing in the matter of the appointment of high ecclesiastical dignitaries in the Philip-pines. And it is by no means certain that she has not been partially success-ful in her scheme in this last matter, for several weeks ago a dispatch from Ma-nila informed us that " the Vatican has received from Mgr. Guidi, the Apostolic Delegate at Manila, propositions regard-ing the appointment of new bishops un- 