762 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Cuba Libre, the flag will live forever in the hearts of all Cubans. . . . When we were in the throes of a rebellion for independence the United States came to our aid. . . . I wish to reiterate the sentiments of gratitude to her govern-ment, her press, and her people. Their devotion to the cause of independence, which has helped to bring about this day of independence for the Cubans, shall he the link in the chain which shall bind the two peoples in a friendship never to be severed. . . . I have nothing but gratitude for the Americans for giving us our independence. . . . Cuba is grateful, and will never forget what the Mother of Republics has done for her.ŠStatements by President Palma to Press Representatives, at Havana, May 20. Everywhere were evidences of joy and exultation. . . . It was an inspir-ing scene, the like of which has been rare in the world's historyŠthe representa-4e of a great and powerful government voluntarily surrendering into the hands of a comparatively small nation an au-thority that might have been withheld had the United States been actuated by the motives which control most nations when they go to war. It was an act of magnanimity and of fidelity to principle that raised higher the flag about to be loweredŠit was a moral victory more po-tent for good than any triumph of arms. ŠWilliam J. Bryan in Collier's Weekly. The story of our share in wresting Cuba from the ancient Spanish tyranny will thrill humanity for all time. Ad-dressing the Cubans in the special edition issued in their own capital of Havana on July 10, 1898, the day of Spanish evac-uation, the American and Journal said : In lending her strength to bring quick vic-tory to Cuba's patriots the great Republic has become clothed with a new greatness. The world has been taught that there exists a na- tion whichŠsneered at by the Old World as a material people engrossed wholly in the pur-suit of moneyŠis yet capable of rising to the plane of noble sentiment and making war from generous human motivesŠa nation which places love of liberty above love of money and love of peace. Cuba has been the means of a new baptism for the United States. The hearts of the Republic's people have been enlarged and their minds uplifted and broadened. By what they have done for Cuban liberty they have in-creased devotion to their own and better qual-ified themselves to be the guardians of free-dom on this hemisphere. To nations no more than to indi-vidual man is it given to dwell always on the mountain top of exalted feeling. But the people of America had their great hour when they drew the sword in knightly unselfishness for bleeding Cuba. That high and imperishable past is ours. ŠNew York American and Journal, May 20. In the history of this country and of civilized government there has never been an event of such splendid signifi-cance as that which was witnessed in that island [Cuba] yesterday. A solemn national pledge has been redeemed. A republic has been erected under the au-thority of the United States, and the possession of the island has been surren-dered to that republic under happy aus-pices. A great work has been accom-plished in the cause of human liberty. Where there was monarchical power and tyranny four years ago a republic has arisen. The freedom of Cuba is accom-plishedŠaccomplished through the valor of American arms and the wisdom of American statesmanship. No suggestion of territorial aggrandizement swerved the nation from its self-imposed task. ŠSenator Fairbanks, of Indiana, in U. S. Senate, May 21. By the act of the United States a new nation has been established, a new state born, fully developed and in possession of the complete machinery of orderly gov- 