742 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY harmless or even how good may be the purpose in behalf of which it is disre-garded. The evil of the "thanksgiv-ing" proclaimed custom is in the pre-cedent that it affords for things that are exceedingly harmful and danger-ous, for the principle of such things is in it. The following is from a report ren-dered by the " committee on non-sec-tarian education " at last year's an- nual meeting of the American Unita- rian Association : Ł The movement toward the secularizan tion of our public schools of all grades has been rapid during the past thirty years. The formal reading of the Bible and the perfunctory chapel exercise have disappeared from the common schools in many placei. But much re-mains to be done. In some places large sums of money, raised by public taxa-tion, are paid to support what are es-sentially Catholic schools; while in one of our largest cities the public school teachers are even now prohibited from making any reference to the Reforma-tion in teaching modern history. In many parts of our country an unorthodox belief in religion is treated as a disqualification for educational positions, and men and women of finest character and largest ability find' them-selves discriminated against on this ac-count. This is true not only in the common-school grades, but also in insti-tutions of higher education. It may confidently be asserted that there are State institutions where a Universalist or a Unitarian, however well qualified or even superior to other candidates, could not be elected to the presidency. Such discriminations partake of the nature of intolerance, and show one way in which the principle of separa-tion of church Ł and state is violated in public educational affairs. The statement that in one of the largest of American cities public school teachers are prohibited from making any refer-ence to the Reformation in teaching  history is one that should not be for-gotten and that should cause serious thought. It comes from a source where there is no inclination to. exaggerate the influence of Romanism, and what it affirms is very instructive as to what the ascendency of that influence in this country will bring and is bringing. That which is sure to come with any attempt of the state to give or support religious instruction is foreshadowed by the declaration of a Catholic corres-pondent of The Sun, "We Roman Cath-olics will not accept Protestant doctrine for our children," and the prompt re-sponse of a Protestant correspondent, "We will not accept Roman Catholic doctrine for our children." The inevi-table fruit of religious teaching, or sup-port of religious teaching, by the state will be sectarian strife and antagonism. Referring to Cardinal Gibbons' ut-terance and to the "indications of a re-vival in this country of the school con-troversy" by the Roman Catholic Church, The Outlook says: "There are some indications that the inspiration of this movement against a public school system under the control of the state comes from the Vatican. One would like to know whether the new Pope himself gives to it encouragement and support, and perhaps direction." "The church has not received the mission to make known the human sciences ; she has not been established for the progress of the nations in the arts and sciences, no more than to ren-der them powerful and wealthy." The inside date line of the last issue of The Sentinel was left unchanged 'by the printers. It should have been No-vember 19 instead of November 12. 