130  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY . as might have been expected, was heartily endorsed from the pulpits of the city. But it seems that public sentiment was about evenly divided, and although a number of prominent merchants were arrested, it was very difficult to secure convictions, and only one or two were fined. The News of that city declares that "the whole crusade in favor of Sun-day closing is one only of dollars and cents, in which the general public can have but little active interest," it being pushed by merchants who were afraid they would lose trade by the Sunday opening of others. The Journal, which seems to be the only paper in New Ulm that heartily supports the Sunday closing crusade, ends up a long editorial on the "obstinacy" of those merchants who do not close with this very peculiar assur-ance : "It is contended by some that this agitation will lead to the closing of the saloons on Sunday. No sentiment exists to-day in that regard in this city and it is something that is remote in the minds of those who are interested in the present crusade of closing the stores on Sunday. Nothing is to be feared in that direction." The New Ulm Review declares that "the question of Sunday closing has estab-lished a new issue in local politics that is going to show itself in future affairs." A correspondent writes to the editor of the Boston Traveler that there is "nothing the good people of the Com-monwealth would like better than to see a strict enforcement of the Sunday laws." He is of the opinion that "the Massachu-setts Sunday laws would probably be sufficient to keep the public morals on a high plane if they were rigidly enforced." He regrets that while there are Sunday laws able-bodied enough that there are not enough able-bodied men put to the  work Of enforcing them. He suggests that it would be a good plan "if our pub-lic servants were 'lectured' once in a while on the imperative duty and neces-sity of enforcing the laws, particularly those which apply to worldly business and amusements on the Lord's day." After calling attention to a speech of Senator Hoar's on October 12th, last, "advocating a stern enforcement of the Sunday laws," he continues : "Very soon Christian indignation will overwhelm the Sunday liquor traffic (as well as Sunday desecrations in general) and place the community upon a high moral level. The church of Jesus Christ means business ! To those persons who have watched the progress of Sabbath reform in this State, et al., the great earnestness with which the church of God is assailing all forms of Sabbath desecrations is a source of general satisfaction. The quiet, success-ful work of the New England Sabbath Protective League goes steadily on, and New England reaps the benefit in a growing intelligence along these vital lines." Montreal, Canada, has recently expe-rienced a Sunday-enforcement agitation, and while very little business has been transacted in the past in that city on Sun-day, it is the promise of the mayor that during 1902 there will be a more strict enforcement of the Sunday law than has been known in years. For some time past fruit, candy, cigar and other small stores have been doing business on Sun-day. Although this has been permitted by the authorities, it was in violation of the strict Sunday law that applies in Montreal. These small dealers desired to have the law so amended that it would be legal or them to keep open on Sun-days, and such an amendment was sub-mitted to the city council. This at once 