THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 495' which the Pilgrim fathers fled to_ the shores of the New World. The lover of liberty and just govern-ment should be admonished that he must seek them elsewhere than in this nation or in any of the politi- cal systems upon the earth. s. SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT IN MASSACHUSETTS. VERY appropriately, Massachsetts, that some-thing over two hundred years ago hanged witches or pressed them to death, is now doing something in the way of Sunday enforcement. It is true none of the people now living are in any-wise responsible for the acts of those who lived over two centuries ago. Doubtless, too, they say, " Had we lived in the days of our fathers we would not have been partakers with them in the blood of the witches," etc., and yet, like the 'Jews in the days of our Lord's earthly ministry, they are in danger of acting on the same principle which they now condemn in words, but endorse in practice. The witch-hanging blot on Massachusetts was due to an effort of the civil authorities to administer the law of the Old Testament. A similar effort to-day could have no better results, and yet that is substna-tially what the civil authorities of Boston are now contemplating, namely, an attempt to enforce by civil penalties, not exactly, it is true, the law of God touching the Sabbath, but a human interpretation of that law, as crystallized into statute by the State legislature and the city council. The Boston Globe Gives the Facts. The Boston Globe of the sixth instant tells the stroy thus: " On -Thursday last word was circulated among the Hebrew shop-keepers of this city that they would have to observe the Sunday-closing law, and the an-nouncement created a good deal of excitement. The larger part of the dealers on Salem and the streets running from it belong to the orthodox Jewish church, and are strict in their observance of the Sab-bath. No matter what the temptations of business they close Friday evening at 6 o'clock, and their stores remain cloed until the same hour Saturday, thus observing the bibical Sabbath. "To lose another day and be oblighed to keep their places of business closed on Sunday seemed very hard to them. But the police had the law with them, and their warning that offenders would be punished meant something-. The matter was talked over among the business men, and they consulted with Representa-tive Borofsky, who counseled patience. "At his suggestion a meeting of the principal' business men of the section was called, and thirty of them met Saturday evening. * * * " In the meantime Mr. Borofsky visited the police commissioners to lay before them the grievances of the North End Hebrews. He was assured that there was no intention of doing them any injury, or asking more of them than was asked of all other citizens of the city. "The commissioners cited the Sunday closing law-for him, and referred him to counsel Bangs. The section of chapter 434 of the acts of 1895 was pointed out by counsel Bangs, where it is stated that a citi-zen may carry on his ordinary business, if in doing so-he does not annoy others. He explained that this did not include shop-keepers, and cited decisions of the su-preme court to verify his interpretation of the law. The commissioners were again seen, and it was shown them that as the legislature had evidently de-sired to permit those whose conscience would allow them to attend to their ordinary business on Sunday, to do so, and that as the legislature was not in ses-sion an immediate change of the law would not be possible. They only replied that they could not be ex-pected to close their eyes to an infringement of the law as it stood. " Representative Borofsky then returned to his constituents and advised- them to submit to the law, and at the same time prepare for action when the legislature would Meet again." Shops Open in Afternoon. Sunday forenoon all the shops were closed, but word being received that no arrests would be made the shops were opened about noon, and remained open the rest of the day. " The policemen on the beat passed through the street," says the Globe," but did not interfere with the dealers. At the Hanover street station the officer at the desk said that it was only the intention of the police to keep an eye on. those who did business. This was being done, and what future action would be taken he did not know." The fact that after mature deliberation the au-thorities decided to make no arrests, should not blind ony one to the real issue. Suppose that instead of working hardship upon a large number of people, evidently with considerable-political influence, the rights of only one, or of at few, had been involved, does any one suppose for a moment that the " law " would not have been en-forced? Certainly it would. But the rights of a single individual are just as. sacred and ought to be just as carefully guarded as the rights of a multitude. Rights pertain to indi- 