Ł 404 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY oted, and controlled entirely by preju-dice, but according to our humble lights all this means that Protestants are clos-ing their eyes to the real character of Romanism. They are making com-promises and concessions that are even an astonishment to papists themselves. A change has indeed come, and there is now little difference between Protestant-ism and Catholicism, but the change has been wrought in the former and not in the latter. And this is something to which all who care for liberty and pure religion should be aroused. America's Foolisl? and Wicked Course [The words of manly feeling and indignation below are a portion of an article on "The Philippines Again," by Dr. Jacob G. Schurman, President of Cornell University, and President of the First Philippine Commis-sion, published in The Independent of May 8.] I ET us now dismiss the Moham- medans and their heathen neigh-bors in the southern islands and turn to the island of Samar, in the Visayan group, and to the province of Batangas in the island of Luzon. These people, remember, are not savages, or "injuns," or barbarians. They are civilized Chris-tians, and in the province of Batangas, which lies just south of Manila, the peo-ple, who are quite prosperous, are above the average of Filipinos in education and refinement. Samar and Batangas were the last active centers of the insurrection, which is now completely quelled accord-ing to our official reports. It is here, if we may believe official dispatches as well as telegraphic news, that some of our military authorities have practised Wey-ler's system of reconcentration, resorted to Oriental methods of torture, turned happy homes into a howling wilderness, and not only killed non-combatants, but murdered boys over ten years of age. I state the alleged facts without either exaggeration or palliation ! Would to Heaven they were onl.  a tissue of devil-ish inventions ! But too much has al-ready been admitted to leave any hope of appreciable abatement of the horror and the anguish which have wrung the hearts  of the American people. War is hell in-deed, and in a sense we had scarcely dreamt of. I remember (alas, the pity of it!) at the beginning of hostilities in the Philippines, seeing cities where thou-sands of people dwell together in peace and prosperity utterly destroyed ; but there was no murder, there was no tor-ture; there may even have been a good military excuse, or the insurgents them-selves may have lighted the first incendi-ary torch ; and in all cases the lives of non-combatants were sacred, and insur-gent soldiers taken prisoners were well cared for in our prisons or tenderly nursed in our hospitals. But, as the greatest observer of human nature has recorded, the hand is subdued to what it works in ; and for our three years of hos-tility in the Philippines the inevitable Nemesis now confronts us. This is a world where effect inexorably follows cause. You cannot have war without in-humanity, and the practise of inhuman-ity deadens feeling and brutalizes char-acter. When it is a race war, particular-ly a war of Anglo-Saxons against a colored race, the white man's moral de-terioration is facilitated by contempt, by arrogance and by injustice. Most truly was it said in 1898 that the question was 