THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 331 law, allowed to work on Sunday even though he does not disturb any one. In other words, the law is de-signed to compel the observance of a SabbathŠthe day of the dominant cult, by as many as will, but if not that day, then the day held sacred by some minor sect. Thus under the Massachusetts, Sunday law every one in that State is required to pay tribute in timeŠand time is moneyŠto some religion. B. Federation of Roman Catholic Societies. A movement is on foot for the federation of all Roman Catholic societies in this country. The pro-posed federation is stated to be. "for the purpose of better carrying out the fraternity taught by societies, of establishing a bureau for the dissemination of Cath-olic literature, employment bureaus, etc." A further clue to the real purpose of the movement is given in the following paragraph from an eminent Catholic divine, taken from the Catholic Mirror (Bal-timore): "The organization of Catholic societies is an effort to furnish Catholic laymen the benefits offered them in societies that, to say the least, are dangerous to Cath-olic faith. And I think it is the experience of most of us, lay and clerical, that those societies have not ac-complished all that was hoped of them. In fact, in some instances they have succeeded in little else than exciting a fear and suspicion on the part of some out-side the church that their ulterior purpose was to se-cure control of the government or some such wild idea. If their federation will render them more efficient, let them be so united." It seems that by federation it is hoped these socie-ties can do something more than merely excite sus-picion ; that is, united they may be able to accomplish that which is now only suspected. Therefore, "let them be united," says this "eminent divine." One way in which the proposed federation is ex-pected to operate is thus suggested by Gen. H. T. Rush, Chairman of a special committee appointed to perfect a scheme of federation. Among many other things General Rush says : "We are paying taxes for the education of other people's children, and the whole system, the libraries included, is a public system which we should see is not used for the propagation of falsehood and misrepre-sentation. If we had not a child in the public schools we should still have the right and be under the duty of seeing that school libraries be not made channels of falsehood and breeders of unnatural prejudices. The very text books of history in many of our high schools are grossly unfair and objectionable. Individuals here and there may raise objections, but nothing but organ-ized effort all over the country can hope to accomplish any real and lasting good. It is a misfortune for any-body to be misinformed as to any fact, no matter what  its nature. And without going so far as to say that "history is a conspiracy against truth," it is known to us all' that much of the history written to-day for the young is not history but fiction written with a design to blacken the Catholic Church. All this certainly of-fers a wide field for lay action. With some such federa-tion as this any society might still maintain its imme-diate purpose and still cooperate in carrying out some or all the purposes here outlined." The ability of Catholics to manipulate history, to minimize or suppress certain facts and to magnify out of all just proportion other facts, is well known. Some of this work has been done even in the public schools and with the accomplishment of this federation we may look for much more to be done. And in this con-nection the statement made by the Mirror is signifi-cant, that "the Knights of Columbus of the District of Columbia are beginning to manifest a great interest in the endowment of the Chair of American History in the University." B. Taxation of Church Property. The question of exempting church property from taxation has became a political issue in Nebraska, the Silver Republicans,  in that state having made the taxa-tion of church property a plank in their party platform. The Omaha Bee calls attention to the fact that this is not the first time this question has been connected with Nebraska politics. "Church taxation," says the Bee, "was one of the much debated features of- the constitution submitted to the voters of Nebraska in 1871. This subject was the prime rock of contention on which that constitution foundered, or rather was counted out. It afforded the only opportunity and the only example for a union of the church militant of all denominations. The Catholic priests and the Metho-dist preachers for once slept in the same bed and preached the same crusade denouncing the proposition as an attempt to tax the bones of their fathers interred in the cemetery and the most sacred places of worship." The Bee concludes that "If the Silver Republicans suc-ceed in engrafting church taxation in their national platform they will resurrect the echoes of the memor-able Nebraska campaign of 1871 and unchain the dogs of war by bringing the battalions of the church into battle array against the phalanx of the political reform-ers." Probably there is not much danger of any general disturbance over this question in the United States ; but it may be observed in passing that the exemption of church property from taxation is not supported by any principle of republican government ; and while a conflict of clergy and politicians is much to be depre-cated, a battle for the right is far preferable to peaceful acquiescence in the wrong. s. 