172 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY And any one who will read the "Chris-tian nation" decision of the Supreme Court, delivered on February 29, 1892, will see that another department of the Government has within the last ten years done some "mixing up of Government with religious affairs." And the Sunday laws of the United States, and still more the growing sentiment for their enforce-ment which refuses to allow any modi-fication of these laws, are incontroverti-ble evidence that notwithstanding "the very letter of our Constitution and the spirit of our people," there is still con-siderable "mixing up of Government with religious affairs" in this country. And these things all favor that which it is declared "is not to be." If these things were not, then we could more easily accept the declarations that diplo-matic relations with the Vatican are never to be. A Remarkable and Significant Sentiment In view of what seems to be the spirit of this age, and in view of the almost universal acceptance in this country of the doctrine of absolute separation of church and state, one of the most re-markable things of which we know is the strong underlying sentiment in this country which refuses to countenance any modification or repeal of the laws which enforce respect for and observ-ance of Sunday as a religious institution. These laws are plainly religious in char-acter, and it is plainly the religious char-acter of Sunday which musters such an array of opposition to any alteration in them. Such discussions as that now going on with regard to Sunday saloons in New York serve to bring clearly to view this sentiment of which we speak,  and the religious foundation upon which it rests. But this strong sentiment in favor of Sunday enforcement, while plainly in-spired by the religious character of the day, does not confine itself to the terms of religion in discussing the subject. Ministers, of a class who are plainly moved by religious considerations, de-clare their undying loyalty to the "Ameri-can Sabbath." Says Rev. Dr. James B. Dunn, of the National Temperance So-ciety : "The battle now upon us means the triumph or overthrow of American institutions. . . . The American Sun-day, by the statutes and fundamental laws of the land, is recognized as a day of exemption from civil 'service, civil process, and secular labor. It is an American institution. . . . The Ameri-can people are not prepared to exchange their God-given, time-hallowed and hon-ored Sunday for the European Sunday." Says Dr. David J. Burrell, of this city : "I am not in favor of having Sunday ab-breviated. . . . The Catholic Church or the Protestant church does not want it. The churches are ashamed to sac-rifice Americanism for a pint of beer." By "a pint of beer" he means open sa-loons on Sunday, and by "Americanism" he means the observance of Sunday en,. forced by State law. Some idea of the strength of the senti-ment which backs this sort of "Ameri-canism" may be gathered from the fol-lowing extracts which we take from a re-cent editorial in the Saturday Evening Post, of Philadelphia, one of the most widely read journals in the country. The editorial is headed "The American Sun-day," and, after referring to the agitation in New York for a modification of the Sunday law in its relation to saloons, the Post says : 