An Indictment of New York's Sunday Law'ŠI I T may be proper, before I proceed to speak on the subject proposed to be discussed, to state that I have no inten-tion to impugn the motives of those who have had any agency in enacting, execut-ing, or advocating the law on which I am about to comment. They are doubt-less in the aggregate as honest and in-telligent as others generally are. But the most honest oftentimes do wrong, and the most intelligent are frequently Seventy-seven years ago there was pub-lished in New York a pamphlet, a transcript of the title page of which is as follows : " The People's Rights Reclaimed ; being An Expo-sition of the Unconstitutionality of the Law of the State of New York Compelling the Observance of a Religious Sabbath Day, and Erroneously Entitled ' An Act for Suppressing Immorality,' Passed March 13th, 1813. Ad-dressed to the People of the State of New York. New York, 1826. A. Spooner, Printer, Brooklyn." Its publication was called forth by the revision of the State laws then taking place and certain attempts that had been made "to affect an extension of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sunday laws." Although the excuse for New York's Sunday legislation has been somewhat changed since then, it being now professedly for the preven-tion of " crimes against religious liberty and conscience" (although still coming under the general heading of " crimes against public decency and good morals"), whereas then it was " for suppressing immorality," it remains the same in principle, object, and effect, and the masterly and unanswerable indictment of the law as it then was made by the unknown author of the above pamphlet is still a masterly and unanswerable indictment of the law as it now is, and incidentally of all other Sunday legislation. The widespread disposition now manifested to uphold and "to affect an exten-sion of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sunday laws" makes the matter in this pamphlet very pertinent to-day, and hence we shall publish it in full in THE SENTINEL. The somewhat peculiar style of the author in itali-cizing words will be followed, so unless other-wise indicated words in italics are as they ap-pear in the pamphlet. This first installment of the matter includes the preface and the opening paragraphs of the pamphlet proper.ŠEDITOR. in error. The law in question was prob-ably made and advocated by men as hon-est and intelligent as those who framed our State constitution and interdicted legislative interference with the religious opinions of their constituents. But it has, most likely, happened in this, as in other instances which might be named, where laws which were in operation at the time of the Revolutionary War were, when our State constitution was adopted, permitted to remain in force through a want of due reflection, though adverse in principle to the express provisions of that instrument; and if meddled with at all, have only been modified in their de-tails without comparing or testing them with the provisions of the constitution, or questioning the correctness of the prin-ciples on which they have been based ; and time, habit, example, precedent and tacit acquiescence have operated to si-lence discussion and sanctify the wrong. But though the advocates of this law have not been accustomed to hear it de-nounced for its injustice and unconstitu-tionality, let their attention be turned to the subject, let them examine it with due attention and candor, let themŠI mean such of them as are accustomed to re-flect, judge and determine for them-selves, and to submit their opinions and prejudices to the empire of reason, to the power of incontestable data and ir-refutable deductionsŠlet them see, as I shall prove, that the provisions and oper-ation of this law are hostile to the spirit and genius of our free political institu-tions, adverse to " the benevolent prin-ciples of rational liberty," the equal rights of man, and the express provisions of our constitutionŠlet them understand, as I will demonstrate, that it is at variance with the plainest truths and soundest moral maxims of the Christian system of religionŠand no doubt can be se-riously entertained that they would be as a 