458 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. sion of display for the women and children, of con-sumption in the restaurants and wine shops, of degrad-ing idleness, of surfeit and debauchery.' " This is simply logical despotism. First, the gov-ernment compels the people to rest for their health and material prosperity. But as in this their morals suffer, they must be compelled also to be religious to prevent their becoming debased. Thus we have in two easy steps, complete justification ( ?) of despotism for the good of the dear people. Again, it is said that every government has the in-herent right to perpetuate itself. Stable government, especially in a republic, is dependent in large measure upon a vigorous and virtuous people. But vigor can be maintained only by proper physical conditions, and virtue only by religion ; therefore, for its own preser-vation the government must see to it that the people do not become enervated by unremitting toil, nor de-based by atheism or by false religion. Thus again we have in two easy and perfectly logical steps, complete justification ( ?) of despotism in the interests of stable government.  not the first; the civil authority is to discriminate between religions. Why should the civil authority discriminate be-tween religions ? If that is proper now, why was it not always proper? and if it is proper in America, why is it not proper in China? A principle is the same in all lands, and the principle that will jusiify legislative action on religious grounds in the United States, will justify it in every other country in the world. And the principle which condemns connivance between civil government and religion in China or Thrkey, condemns it in the United States. The racing complained of may or may not be de-moralizing; but there can be no more reason for pro-hibiting racing on one day of the week than on an-other. Legislative discrimination between religions is, however, demoralizing in the extreme. There is nothing that weakens morals quicker or more surely than state support of religion. In escaping a fancied evil, the people of this New England town are in dan-ger of running into a real evil than which no greater can threaten their religious and political prosperity. s. Sunday Bicycle Racing in New England. A mass meeting was held recently at Hillsgrove, Mass., to protest against Sunday bicycle races on the race track at that place. There was a "large attend-ance from the village and surrounding country." Ad-dresses were made in which Sunday racing was severe-ly condemned as being "demoralizing to the young people of the community and the surrounding vil-lages." It was further declared to be a "public nuisance." By a nearly unanimous vote of the assem-bly it was resolved that further Sunday racing should not be permitted, and it was further provided that a committee should be appointed to secure signatures to a petition to the owner of the track and to the town council, requesting that Sunday racing be prohibited. Why then is racing on Sunday demoralizing and racing on Monday or Saturday or the Fourth of July or Labor Day not demoralizing?.What is the basis of the discrimination between Sunday and these other days? What can that basis be other than the differ-ence in the nature of Sunday and these other days, Sunday being a religious day and the others secular days ? What other difference is there between Sun-day and other days of the week ? Sunday races are therefore held to be demoralizing and a public nuisance because Sunday is a religious day. They are to be prohibited because Sunday is a religious day. Legislation prohibiting them is to be based upon the religious character of the day. The legislative power is to be exercised in favor of that religion which holds that Sunday is a sacred day. Some religions hold the seventh day to be sacred, and The "Index Expurgatorius" for Public Libra-ries and Public Schools. At a recent convention in Philadelphia of the Knights of St. John the appointment of committees was advocated "whose most important function should be to see that all books of an anti-Catholic character are kept out of the public libraries and public schools." The writer is not in favor of virulent attacks upon Catholics or any other class of people, but the wisdom or effectiveness of this policy toward even such at-tacks, is open to very serious question. Books which are unjust and which misrepresent and distort the truth, are their own best negatives, and the man who cares only for the truth can afford to let them defeat themselves. It is to be feared that the move here contemplated would not end simply with the exclusion of books of this kind. This proposed "index expur-gatorius" for public libraries and public schools would no doubt, in its exclusion of "all books of an anti-Cath-olic character," place the ban upon many books in which are faithfully recorded the facts of history. Any reference to those acts of bigotry and intolerance which have stained with the blood of martyrs the fair-est portions of the Old World, would, of course, be sufficient to secure the condemnation of the book in which it was found. By no means the least of the tyrannies and op-pressions of which many books tell us, was the sup-pression and burning of books which were deemed dangerous by those who placed the interests of the church above the interests of truth and human liberty. 