EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 772 IP drug stores to sell soft drinks, cigars and tobacco, and then in the face of such licensed transgressions, arrest, fine, imprison, sentence to the county roads, and brand as a jailbird and a convict a citizen who is moral, honest, conscientious, God-fearing, and without an enemy, for doing the same thing conscientiously as he reads and inter-prets the Bible, is a principle past our Łcomprehension and is a travesty on justice and equal rights to all men, look upon it as you may. If Sunday is to be observed, as we believe it should, then let us first set the example before we try to force others to our way of thinking. True religion is im-parted by example, love and persua-sion. Souls are not driven into the path of righteousness or into the king-dom of God. A week later this paper reported that it had received a number of comments upon and some exceptions to the above article, but declared that "in substance our opinion remains unchanged" ; that "the law is the point at issue, and is un-just, as it licenses and permits violations di of the Sunday ordinances on the one 'I' hand while for the same offense, actu-ated by conscientious principles, it pun- ishes another" ; and that " a law should affect all alike ; otherwise it is nothing more nor less than a farce." From another Winston newspaper of Novem-ber 5, The Sentinel, we quote the fol-lowing : The defendant refused to pay the fine and cost on the ground that he recog-nizes Saturday as the Biblical day' of rest, and this day he keeps. Tuesday Mayor Eaton ordered Tom released from jail. When seen by a reporter before his release, Tom stated that if sent to the roads he proposed to do his duty. He admitted keeping his store open on Sunday and selling various articles, and also stated that when re-leased he proposed to continue to keep Saturday for Sunday, and to keep his store open on Sunday and sell goods as heretofore. Tom had just finished eat-ing his breakfast when the reporter  called, and was reading his Bible. The case has attracted much attention and comment pro and con. A number hold that Tom and his religious liberty Ł should not be interfered with. Others say that if the mayor allows one man to sell goods on Sunday why should not others be permitted to do the same thing ? There was talk of making up the money to pay his fine, but when those inclined to contribute were told that Tom proposed to continue to do business on Sunday, they replied that they would not give anything. Mayor Eaton has instructed Chief Crutchfield to see that Tom does not keep his place open on Sunday. If he persists in doing so his store will be locked up by the chief. And in the same paper it was re- ported four days later (on Novem-ber 9) : Yesterday, in accordance with in-structions from the mayor, Chief Crutchfield went around to Tom's place, locked the door and kept the keys. It appears that if Tom wishes to do busi-ness on the Sabbath he will have to seek other fields. So it seems that Tom Hege is to be compelled to close on Sunday, to ob-serve the day, even if he is not to be imprisoned and worked in the chain- gang. Public sentiment in Winston has done well to refuse to permit the latter, but it will not have adequately secured and protected Tom Hege in his rightful liberty until it prevents the former also. It is not made clear in the reports, but we suppose that Mr. Hege's release was due to his fine having been paid by citizens. A feature of the matter that was made prominent in the local dis-cussion was the alleged imprisonment of Mr. Hege in a cell with a negro. It was at first reported that the occupant of the cell with him on the night of November 2 was a negro, as were most of the other prisoners. The Union Re-publican immediately inquired : "Is it the policy of white supremacy and good 