EDITORIAL 39 would have to disregard a demand on his part that they should labor on Sunday? You, of course, do not believe that the obligation to respect fundamental principles and " absolute " and " inalienable rights " is any less binding upon legislatures and church people than upon the members of labor unions, and therefore you will not turn this matter aside by saying that organized labor's invasion and denial of the right to work is done inde-pendently of the authority of the law, while the prohibition of labor on Sunday, which you know is due almost entirely to the forces of organized religion, is done through legislation and by authority of the law. Of course the lawless violence and brutality attending union labor's interference with the right to work aggravates the offense, but in the light of the fundamental principle so clearly stated by you the great crime and outrage is not the manner in which the " absolute right to work " is de-nied and trampled upon, but the denial itself. You are not to be understood as holding that that denial of an inalienable right which union labor must not accomplish by intimidation and violence, may properly be accomplished by so-ciety at large through the power of the state. Your position hinges not uponŁ what authority shall set aside and deny this right, but upon the denial itself. Now your periodical is not the only advo-cate and' supporter of Sunday legislation that hat recently declared very plainly and em-phatically that " every man has an absolute right to work WHEN, how, and where he pleases." A number of prominent clergymen and other religious journals that are heartily in favor of Sunday legislation and enforcement have declared the same thing, and have con-demned union labor in no uncertain terms for invading that right. It seems to me, and no doubt it seems the same to many other people, that such persons and periodicals owe it to the public and to themselves to show clearly where-in the demand of the Sunday observer that no man shall be allowed to work on Sunday when he (the Sunday observer) does not want to work, is any more justifiable and any less a disregard of fundamental principles than is the demand of the labor unionist that no other workman shall be allowed to work when he and his fellow-unionists do not want to work. I know that among such persons none can be found who is more capable of clearing up this matter, if it can be cleared up, than yourself, and hence I have taken the liberty of address-ing you this communication in the hope that  you will give the matter attention in your journal. ti Is the Government an Adjunct of the "Reform Bureau"? IN an article which appeared in several of the leading papers of the country a few months since, and which was re-printed in THE SENTINEL for last Oc-tober, it was shown how the Crafts' "Re-form Bureau" at Washington, with not only great pecuniary saving to itself, but much to the enhancing of the influence of its work, was skilfully utilizing the fr.ank-ing privilege and the Government print-ing establishment in the work of distribut-ing its literature throughout the country. Through senators and representatives who would allow the use of their names and influence for the purpose, this Bu-reau could secure on many occasions "not only its envelopes and postage free, but a certain large number of copies of the leaflet which it desired to distribute," and could send the literature out in such a way as to convey to the recipients the im-pression that they had received it direct from some member of the Senate or House. This sort of work is not being allowed to lag at the present session of Congress, as is shown by the extract given below, and it is quite certain that the "Reform Bureau" has in this instance surpassed any previous accomplishment in this di-rection. We quote from an editorial in the New York Sun of January 5: In the Senate, December 20, the Hon. George L. Wellington, himself a remarkable public document, presented "Patriotic StudiesŠan Outline for Study of Legislative and Other Public Questions, Prepared by the Interna-tional Reform Bureau, Washington, D. C." "Patriotic Studies" was or 'ered to be printed, and now appears as Document No. 53. We learn from the introduction that "the need of the hour is reform study, not alone academic study of sociology by the few, but especially practical study of social problems by the many." In short, sociology for the people. As 