SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed in the general articles and the editorial department. Mr. J. 0. Johnston, a Seventh-day Adventist minister living in Rock Cut, N. C., sends us the following interesting acoount of a Sunday-enforcement ex-perience that has just been passed through by two seventh-day observers of that place: On January 3 the sheriff served warrants on two of our brethren hereŠMessrs. Bishop and SaundersŠfor Sunday work. They were attending a religious meeting in the parlor of my house at the time. Upon learning that Saturday was their day of rest, the sheriff promptly said that the trial would be post-poned until Monday, and that he would simply request them to appear at court on Monday. No bond whatever was required. The breth-ren appeared for trial on Monday, but feeling that they could not obtain a fair trial at that court, had the case transferred to another. The case came up for trial on the following Wednesday before Justice Allison, who seemed to be a very fair-minded and unprejudiced man. There were about twenty-five persons present Ł at the trial, and four witnesses were sworn against Mr. Bishop. The justice stated that the law was plain, and that he could do noth-ing less than render the decision " guilty," but he added that he believed the law under which the prosecutions were made to be unconsti-tutional, and that he hoped the cases would be appealed to a higher court. The costs and fine in each case amounted to $8.85, and $1.5o was charged for taking the brethren over to States-ville to jail. The sheriff told the jailor to treat the prisoners well and to give them good ra-tions. It so happened that the jailor was a cousin of Mr. Saunders, and he took the brethren to his house and allowed them to sleep there. The matter became the common talk for a few days, and the idea gained cur-rency that the brethren would either have to pay the fines or else remain in jail for life. This stirred the people somewhat, and some of the friends not of our persuasion went to Statesville and paid the fines and costs, and the brethren were released. The people of Rock Cut are very friendly to us. One man who was deputized to take the brethren to  jail utterly refused to do so. Another man who was called as a witness stated that he knew nothing against the brethren, yet he knew that they had worked on Sunday. Two lawyers here say that the Sunday law is un-constitutional, and another says he will do all he can to have it repealed. A city ordinance of Topeka, Kan., which prohibited professional exhibitions and entertainments for pay, and the opening of theatres for the giving of such exhibitions and entertainments, on Sunday, was pronounced void by Judge Hazen of that city on January 12. The ordinance was held to be void on the ground that the city had exceeded its powers by going beyond the State law, there being no State law against Sun-day theatrical entertainments. The case was one in which some persons had been arrested for allowing a theatre to be used for theatrical purposes on Sunday. It appears from the decision of the judge that the city charter " provides against desecration of the Sabbath," and in it " express authority is given to pass laws governing the desecration of the Sab-bath." But he thought it " reasonable that there must be a limit to the desecra-tion of the Sabbath," and that " the limit to which the State has gone should be the limit of the city." ,Ł The barbers' union in Quincy, Ill., was reported recently to be " making a hard fight to have all the city barber shops closed on Sundays, and those of its members who refuse to abide by the decision are to be placed on the unfair list." Two barbers have been deprived of their union cards because they " re-fused to obey the edict." Journeymen 