776 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Encyclopedia Britannica. But the en-franchisement of the Italians would not have been anything like the serious mat-ter that it was had it been done in obedi-ence to principle when it could freely and honorably have been done, instead of be-ing put off until it could not be helped, when it was done regardless of principle to serve the ends of some of the leaders in the republican-wrecking political strife. In all this there is a lesson for the United States. Ł:* The Leading Issues in France and England THE great question in each of the re-spective countries awaiting the action of the French and English parliaments when they assembled about the middle of October was a church-and-state question. And curiously enough, while the French premier desired endorsement and sup-port for governmental "opposition" to "the church" in the matter of education, the English premier stood greatly in need of endorsement and support for govern-mental favor to "the church" in the mat-ter of education. The French parliament heartily en-dorsed the enforcement of the Associa-tions Law against the monastic schools and religious orders. The question of authorizing and reopening the sup-pressed schools is to be voted upon later. Premier Combes indicated that there was to be no compromise on his part in the anti-clerical campaign by demanding supplementary legislation against the re-ligious orders. No action has been taken by the Eng-lish parliament with regard to the now famous "Education Bill." But action has been taken quite vigorously through-out the country during the last month or so with reference to it. A dispatch says  "the country is split into bitterly opposing camps which flood the papers with speeches and letters" on the subject, and that "the October reviews are bristling with articles on this burning question." The non-conformists have declared that they will "go to prison rather than pay the rates levied in support of church schools," and it is said that the entire Liberal party has "found common ground of action in the democratic cry, `If the people pay, the people, not the Church, must manage.' " The Congre-gational Union has protested strongly against the measure, and the British Baptist Union recently "adopted by an overwhelming majority" a reso-lution "declaring that the government's Education Bill violates the fundamental principles of the Constitution, and pledging the members of the Union to a determined endeavor to make the meas-ure, if enacted, ineffective, and to suffer distraint of property rather than pay the school rate." And at a great popular demonstration at Leeds recently "a hun-dred thousand people united in a resolu-tion condemning the Education Bill ( 1) because it deprives men and women who have hitherto elected or served upon a school board of the constitutional rights which for thirty years they have enjoyed; (2) because it abolishes popular control of the schools for which the people are rated and taxed; (3) because it weakens the guarantee of efficiency, progress, and liberty in national education, and (4) because it proposes to levy local rates everywhere in support of sectarian dog-mas." The "government" is seriously troubled by the popular opposition to the measure which it has espoused and advanced so far toward becoming a law, but its spokes-men declare that the bill cannot be with-drawn since it would mean "the downfall of the present cabinet." In a public ad- 