488  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY you suppose them idle? Do you suppose them mere phrase or generality ? No such thing. They are living words, by which this country is solemnly bound. . . . Your statutes cannot contain any limitation which inflicts an indignity upon any portion of the human family. The Declaration of Indepelidence is the twofold promise; first, that all are equal in rights, and secondly, that just  government stands only on the consent of the governed, being the two great po-litical commandments on which hang all laws and all constitutions. Keep these truly, and you will keep all. Write them in your statutes ; write them in your hearts. This is the great and only final settlement of all existing questions. To this sublime consecration of the Republic let us aspire. Professor Moses Coit Tyler, of Cornell University, in the "North Ameri- can Review" for July, 1896 Ever since its first announcement to the world and down almost to the pres-ent moment has the Declaration of Inde-pendence been tested by criticism of every possible kindÑby criticism intend-ed and expected to be destructive. Ap-parently, however, all this criticism has failed to accomplish its object. It is proper for us to remember, also, that what we call criticism is not the only valid test of the genuineness and wortl. of any piece of writing of great practical interest to mankind : there is, in addition, the test of actual use and serv-ice, in direct contact with the common sense and the moral sense of large masses of men under various conditions, and for a long period. Probably no other writ-ing which is not essentially sound and true has ever survived this test. Neither from this test has the great Declaration any need to shrink. As to the immediate use for which it was set forthÑthat of rallying and uniting the friends of the Revolution, and bracing them for their great taskÑits effective-ness was so great and so obvious that it has never been denied. During the cen-tury and a quarter since the Revolution, its influence on the political character and the political conduct of the American people has been beyond calculation. For example, after we had achieved our own  national deliverance and had advanced into that enormous and somewhat cor-rupting material prosperity which fol-lowed the adoption of the Constitution and the development of the cotton inter-est and the expansion of the Republic into a trans-continental power, we fell under an appalling temptationÑthe temptation to forget, or to repudiate, or to refuse to apply to the case of our human brethren in bondage, the princi-ples which we have had proclaimed as the basis of every rightful government. The prodigious service rendered to us in this awful moral emergency by the Dec-laration of Independence was that its public repetition, at least once every year, in the hearing of vast throngs of the American people in every portion of the Republic, kept constantly before our minds, in a form of almost religious sanc-tity, those few great ideas as to the dig-nity of human nature, and the sacredness of personality, and the indestructible rights of man as man, with which we had so gloriously identified the begin-nings of our national existence. It did at last become very hard for us to listen each year to the preamble of the Declara-tion and still remain the owners and users and catchers of slaves; still harder, to accept the doctrine that the righteous-ness and prosperity of slavery was to be 