THE MOST-FAVORED NATION. 15 ual man be forgotten in the feverish pur-suit of property. It is more important that the individual should respect him-self, and be respected by others, than that the wealth of both worlds should be accumulated on our shores. National wealth is not the end of society. It may exist where large classes are oppressed  and wronged. It may undermine a na-tion's spirit, institutions,' and independ-ence. It can have no value and no sure foundation until the supremacy of the rights of the individual is the first article of a nation's faith, and until reverence for them becomes the controlling spirit of public men. The Most-Favored Nation. By W. N. Glenn. EVERY nation of recognized charac-ter as such has mutual under-standings with other nations. But their relations are not ' uni- form. Their representatives to other courts vary in rank and impor-tance. An ambassador is sent to one court, a minister to another, while the less dignified consular service is deemed of sufficient importance in dealing with others. In commercial treaties there are .varying conditions, and those nations to which the most liberal terms are granted are known as "most-favored nations." So we read of the "most-favored nation" clauses in commercial treaties. Now the Lord recognizes nations and deals with them as such in carrying out His purpose in the earth. "The Most High ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever He will." He also commands us to recognize the na-tions of earth, for "the powers that be are ordained of God." We are to "ren-der to all their dues ; tribute to whom tribute is due ; custom to whom custom ; fear to whom fear; honor to whom honor." We are not, however, to imbibe  the notion, which is being so extensively inculcated, that earthly nations in a per-sonified character are subjects of eternal salvation; for God has shown us in His Word that lbslewilLall come to an  end and that He himself will set up a king-dom which shall fill the whole earth, and shall never be destroyed. This is the les-son of the great image shown to Neb-uchadnezzar, king of Babylon, when all the earth was subject to his jurisdiction. So that the nations of earth are but fac-tors in temporal government, a necessary police system on account of sin, a tem-porary arrangement for checking vio-lence while the Lord is calling out and preparing a people for His great, uni-versal and eternal kingdom. Like the scaffolding of a great building, these temporary nations will all be torn down and destroyed when the one great struc-ture is completed and the King comes to occupy it. History is, replete with illustrations of God's most-favored-nation theory. When He permitted His servant Joseph to be sold .into Egypt, it proved to be a great favccr, to that nation, giving Egypt a 