"SABBATH REFORM" OPPRESSION. IN PHILADELPHIA 799' have tried to, but our customers .are leaving us, and there is no alternative but to lose our Sabbath unless the law compels all to close. The Philadelphia Methodist ministers have told the tobacco jobbers of the city that if the tobacco dealers could not continue in business unless they could sell on Sunday that they should go out of business, and that if they (the jobbers) wished to be counted as law-abiding citizens that they had better jOin in the crusade for the enforcement of the Sunday law. With a great deal mere propriety can it be said to such dealers as are brought to view in the above quotation that if they cannot continue in business without having the law invade the just liberty and rights of their competitors, confiscating one-seventh of their time and making them criminals for doing perfectly harmless acts, that they should go out of busi-ness, and that if they wish to be counted as men who have regard for the rights of their fellows, for the fundamental principles upon which all just laws and free government rest; that they will oppose such injustice and unwarranted denial of rightful liberty? This plea that "we" must "lose our Sabbath unless the law compels all to close" is absolutely vicious, and should receive no tolerance whatever. It assumes that in order for some men to exercise their rights other men must be denied theirs. The people in this country who can't have their "Sabbath" without having other people compelled to observe their "Sabbath," should be given to under-stand very unmistakably that the only thing for them to do is to get along without their "Sabbath," for to do what they demand would not only be an outrage upon the rights of others but a plain defiance of the fundamental principles, legal and constitutional, of the nation. For our part we believe  that this idea has its inspiration not so ibiph from dealers and tradesmen as from the religionists who in this way seek to justify their enforcement of a religious observance. The first and longest communication of protest and defense was from. "George Stroud Vail, Business Agent Philadelphia Sabbath Association:" He declared that the statements of the Public Ledger "concerning the move- ment of which I am in charge have been made of so serious a character that it: becomes necessary for me to require the proof," and throughout his communi-cation, which also took up the letter of ' Mr. Field reviewing the twelve months' work of the "Sabbath" Association, he attempted to attach the imputation of utter falsity to many of the statements that had been made "concerning the movement of which I am in charge." The following is about all there was in the communication that is worth in-cluding in this report: It is asserted that the whole proceed-ing is "selfish, intolerant, unjust." Since when has it become wrong for men to protect themselves from unfair and lawless competition by seeking the protection which the law was enacted to secure? The laws of Pennsylvania guarantee to every worker the right to rest from his work one day in seven, and the tobacco and candy dealers pro-pose to secure this for themselves, the Public Ledger to the contrary notwith-standing. . . . Now a word as to the object of the movement I represent. Our intention is to use the law to secure to every dealer in tobacco and confec-tions in the city of Philadelphia his weekly day of rest, which under the present conditions, many of them, but for the law's assistance, will be unable to obtain, and nearly all will gladly welcome a general closing on Sunday. My services were secured last year on Ł behalf of dealers in candy and tobacco who desired to secure Sunday as a day (Concluded on second page of this number.) 