52 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY campaign, as strong efforts are now being put forth by the Lord's Day (Sunday) Alliance and other champions of Sunday enforcement " to educate the people both young and old to enforce the Sunday laws." No wonder the quotation from Corin-thians was cut short in the middle of the sentence and the most important part of the passage omitted. The passage reads : " Thanks be to God, who giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ." Victory at the polls by means of the bal-lot is not in any sense " victory through our Lord Jesus Christ," and it is an utter perversion of this text in Corinthians to apply any portion of it to this " Sunday street-car victory." The defeat of the by-law authorizing the institution of Sunday street-car service was evidently due to the action of the labor unions, which, not receiving what was to them satisfactory assurance from the street-car company that the em-ployees would not be expected " to work more than sixty hours or six consecutive days in the week," took a decided stand against the by-law a few days before the election. So the notice from which we have already quoted stated that " though a large number of those who cast their "..ballots against the cars did so from moral -and religious motives, yet the gaining .of the day was undoubtedly due to the -vote of the workingmen." It would seem then that whatever thanks are to be given in the matter should be given to the work-ingmen. It is said that this election settles the question of Sunday street-cars for at least three years, that period having to elapse before the question can be voted upon again. The agitation was useful as serv-ing to bring to the attention of the people the question of Sunday legislation, and notwithstanding the fact that the cham-pions of Sunday observance by law are  able to boast of what they term a " moral victory," it is pretty certain that as a re-sult of this agitation the people of Winni-peg and of Manitoba are much better in-formed as to the real nature of such legis-lation, and are much more alive to the fact diat there is a limit to the authority of the state in the matter that falls very far short of what is ordinarily assumed by the champions of Sunday legislation. Some friends of religious liberty in Winnipeg printed some leaflets suitable for the oc-casion and distributed thousands of them in the city and vicinity. Special mention should be made of some excellent lectures that were delivered while the agitation was at its height by Mr. John S. Ewart, K. C., senior member of the law firm of Ewart, Fisher & Ewart. At the request of the pastor of the church, Rev. J. J. Roy, who did not agree with him on the question, Mr. Ewart delivered three lec-tures on " The Sunday Question " in St. George's Church (Anglican). The lec-tures were delivered at intervals of two weeks, the first being given on Sunday afternoon, October 26, and the third on Sunday afternoon, November 23. On the Sunday following each lecture a con-ference, with Mr. Roy as leader, was held for the purpose of discussion, at which time Mr. Roy would reply to Mr. Ewart. The topics of the three lectures were : " Sabbatarian Legislation in Manitoba Cannot be Defended upon Grounds of Merely Theological Character " ; " Phys-ical and Moral Advantage and Not the Religious Observance of Sunday Are the True Basis for Legislative Restriction of Individual Liberty of Action on Sun-day " ; and " There is no Valid Religious Objection to Sunday Street-Cars." As is evidenced by the extracts given on our front cover last week and this week, Mr. Ewart said some very good things in these lectures. He has favored us with com-plete copies of the three lectures, and at the first opportunity we shall give the 