SUNDAY-LAW OPPRESSION IN PHILADELPHIA AGAIN 23 corporated in the legislation of the state. Yet in the face of the popular sentiment, these laws are enforced, and such crusades as that which has added to the disgrace of Philadelphia during the past are carried on. The secret of it is that a few religious bigots, or trade-union bigots, as the case may be, are able by means of old laws which no longer have the support of public senti-ment, to do what scarcely anybody in the community but themselves ap-proves, "as no one particularly feels like challenging an opposition to it, so that those who are in favor of it carry it through without opposition." " It is known to all," says Mr. Mutchler, "that one or more active advocates of any measure can, by their influence, carry such measure through a body when a number of indifferent ones would consent rather than oppose the same." Mr. Mutchler no doubt speaks from experience in this matter, for he is a leading Siinday-law advocate, and it is in exactly this way that Sunday measures are passed and their repeal prevented in these days. It is thus that the Sunday-law advocate gets his peti-tions and resolutions " unanimously adopted " at " mass-meetings." But Mr. Mutchler was mistaken in his idea that the action of the grand jury was to be accounted for in the same manner that the carrying through of the pro-jects and crusades of the champions of Sunday enforcement in these days is properly explained. It was the grand jury, and not one member, that was be-hi/id the presentment which so dis-pleased Mr. Mutchler. We quote again from the article in the Public Led ger : Grand Jurymen Reaffirm and Justify Their Rebuke of the "Sabbath" Association Members of the grand jury were seen,. and without exception justified their course in condemning these whole-sale arrests of petty dealers for viola- tion of the blue laws of 1794. Charles Coyle, one of the grand jurors, when seen at his home, 2215 Race Street, said : " I think the action of the Sab-bath Association in selecting for pros-ecution the smaller cigar and candy dealers in this city was decidedly un.. just. It was the general opinion among us jurors that such a vast amount of discrimination had been made by the association in swearing out warrants that our rebuke was timely and just. . . . If the Sabbath Association wished to put a stop to all Sunday trade, why didn't it go after the larger stores, for instance, the one in Broad Street Sta-tion? We jurors discussed this unjust discrimination among ourselves from every possible standpoint, and our de-cision was entirely in accord with .our respective opinions." Harry S. Cohen, of 2837 Kensington Avenue, who was secretary of the No-vember grand jury, said : " I respect Dr. Mutchler as a minister ; but I can-not coincide with the attitude of the blue-law association and its methods of securing evidence against alleged violators of the Sunday. law. I think the association would do better in rid-ding the tenderloin of its evil houses and taking unfortunate women from their vile surroundings. This would conform to the teachings of Christ, and such a work would be worthy of com-mendation, not only by a grand jury, but by the whole community. The rep-resentatives of the association who make it their duty to secure evidence against storekeepers are violators of the Sunday law themselves by reason of being employed on Sunday in mak- ing such purchases. The November grand jury was an exceptionally intelli- gent body of men. We thought it was un-Christianlike on the part of the as-sociation to prosecute, and, I say again, persecute storekeepers, their action falling with especial hardship on the poorer class of storekeepers." Louis C. Wiley, of 2301 Boston Ave-nue, another of the grand jurymen, said : "The members of the grand jury were respectable, law-abiding citizens, and they were conscientious in the atti- tude they took regarding the 'blue-law' prosecutions. They only said what 