714 co ffmell OF CCH2B,57111AM ISLE2717 VOL. XVIII WASHINGTON, D. C., THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1903. No. 44     A Seventh-Day Under date of No- Observer lm- vember 2 Mr. Thos. prisoned C. Hege, a Seventh- day Adventist who keeps a store in Winston, N. C., and whose arrest and trial for Sunday selling was reported in The Sentinel of September 17, wrote us Ł that he was then "in jail, in an inner cell" in company with a negro prisoner and with vile-mouthed negroes of both sexes in the cells above and around him. He wrote his letter "sitting do an old dirty bunk," and he tells us that "dur-ing the night big jail rats run over us." His crime ( ?), according to the local newspaper, was "selling watermelons on Sunday," and for it he was fined in the mayor's court $1 and costs, amount-ing to $3.10. He had conscientious scruples against paying the fine, believ-ing that thereby he would in a sense be yielding deference to a religious insti-tution and observance which he could not honor in any way without offense to his conscience. He felt that he could bow to the law requiring him to recog-nize and honor this institution only to the extent that he was actually com-pelled to. In other words, his attitude in the matter was one of "passive re-sistance." At the conclusion of the trial he was informed by the chief of police that he would be allowed two weeks in which to pay the fine and costs. After more than this time had elapsed tht mayor and chief of police called him before them and "wanted to know about the fine." He declared to them that as it was a fine for failure  to observe a religious rite and was de-signed to compel him to observe a .re- ligious rite, and therefore was an asser- tion of authority over him in religious matters, that he could not pay it, for he could not recognize such an asser-tion of authority even if it should come through the President of the United States instead of through the municipal officials of Winston. The mayor was not pleased with this stand of Mr. liege, and with some emphasis and feeling declared, "Chief, I want you to collect this fine." The chief then informed Mr. Hege that the fine must be paid, and that he would be given a certain number of days still in which to pay it. This time expired without the fine being paid, and from the last word received from Mr. Hege previous to that stating that he was in jail, it seemed that the officials had decided to let the matter go, as several days more than the time allowed had then elapsed without any action being taken. But evidently they had not. It is only proper to say, how-ever, that from their standpoint, from the standpoint of what must appear to them to be their duty as officials, the course of the mayor and chief of police in the matter has been as patient, con-siderate and lenient as it could possibly be, and that they have at last done only what as officials it seemed that they were obliged to do. It is not they, but the law which they believe it to be their duty to execute, that is responsible for the incarceration, in company with some of the lowest dregs of the popula- 