We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil government to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God according to the dictates of his own con-science, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of.  civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty, and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same,.to the end that all the people may freely enjoy, the inestimable blessing of lib-erty, which is theirs by virtue of the un-bounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. EDITORIAL  507 Taa 5amonne0 C111111811.517 A I. LOSEPATV Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States devoted to the exposition and defense of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation, but it is a live magazine which discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matter at the New York Post-office. (See close of reading matter for terms of subscription, etc.) The lesson of freedom cannot be learned in the school of despotism. 짜 The true function of civil government is not to grant and confer rights, but to recognize and protect them. What the fathers of the American Re-public denominated as tyranny and des-potism when applied to them by Great  Britain, some of their descendants to-day denominate as philanthropy and human-ity when applied by themselves to the Filipinos. 짜 Despotism has never been known to commit any act of oppression that was not absolutely "necessary." "Necessity" has been the plea and defense of tyranny during all the ages. 짜 The fact that the popular governments of Anglo-Saxon peoples to-day have be-hind them a thousand years and more of hard struggle and experience is no evi-dence that a thousand years of foreign rule will produce free government for the Filipinos or any other people. Servitude and subjection, and the struggle and ex-perience which issues in self-government and free institutions, are two entirely different things. 짜 When all that can be said about the long training which has developed free government among Anglo-Saxon peoples has been said it is by no means established that the rude forefathers of the race in the German forests were not as capable of self-government as any of their proud-est descendants to-day. They were free, democratic, and self-governing then, and if they did not administer a great state, they loved freedom and stood for inde-pendence and equal rights. None of their descendants of any generation have done more. In what constitutes the essentials of self-government they were as capable as any of their sons, and could have dis-charged the duties of any generation, had they lived in it, as creditably as did their descendants. The history of the world shows that civilization has been reinvigorated and rejuvenated not by the extension and 