566  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the right of self-government, and who in-sist most strongly that it is an art most difficult of attainment and acquirement, are the quickest to assume for themselves and others the right to govern others in addition to governing themselves. An important question for these people to ex-plain is this : If it is so difficult to at-tain, and requires such long experience to develop, the capacity for self-govern-ment in a man or a nation, how is it that a man or a nation, without any previ-ous experience, is at once ready and ca-pable for the government of others? Is the art of governing others easier than the art of governing one's self, and does one possess a higher and better right to govern others than he does to govern himself ? ¥ In his eulogy on Lincoln, delivered in Boston on June I, 1865, Charles Sumner declared that according to Abraham Lin-coln "criticism of the Declaration of In-dependence was the climax of infidelity as a citizen." Then, according to Lincoln's standard, something that has been ram-pant throughout this country for three or four years past, and which has been engaged in by prominent men as never before in the history of the nation, is the very climax of citizen infidelity. And yet, strange to sayÑno, it is not strange Ñthose who have gone the farthest in this infidelity have been the quickest and the loudest to accuse and denounce as "copperheads" and "traitors" those who have pointed out the real nature of their course. ¥ Writing on the Declaration of Inde-pendence in the North American Review for July, 1896, Professor Moses Coit Ty-ler, of Cornell University, in referring to its "great aphorisms about the natural rights of man," said that political science could not now smile at them "except to its own discomfiture and shame," and that they were "likely to abide in the world as the chief source and inspiration of heroic enterprises among men for self-deliver-ance from oppression." How little did Professor Tyler realize that within less than three years from the time he wrote these words those aphorisms would be decried by leading men and journals of the nation as "nursery rhymes," "obvious.  fallacies," "baseless assumptions," "subli-mated demagogism," etc. It was well declared by Macaulay that "half the logic of misgovernment lies in this one sophistical dilemma : if the peo-ple are turbulent, they are unfit for liberty; if they are quiet, they do not want liberty." The first has been the logic hitherto employed by America with regard to the Filipinos ; with the procla-mation of "pacification" the second has now come into vogue. It has been supposed that the world had long ago learned the shallowness of this logic_ Certainly it does not require a very in-timate knowl'dge of the history of hu-man despotism and the story of the strug-gle for human freedom for one to know that such logic affords a bed too short for liberty to recline upon, and that it is a covering too narrow to hide despot-ism. ¥ According to Senate Document 190 the high officials of the Roman Catholic orders in the Philippines have testified before the Philippine Commission that the moral character of the native priests was exceedingly low, but that few of the Spanish priests lived an immoral life. Now it is not to be doubted for a mo-ment that had not an issue been raised' between these two classes of priests that these very officials, who can now find 