7The zoomeil Of ClI7EllaMM LasiE271 Vol,. XVIII NEW YORK, THURSDAY, AUGUST 20, 1903 No. 34     A Social Danger and According tp Cardinal Menace that is Gibbons " the dese- Overlooked cration of the Chris- tian Sabbath, which tends to obliterate in our adult population the salutary fear of God and the homage that we owe Him," and " an imperfect and vicious system of education which under-mines the religion of our youth," are two of " five very great evils "Š" five radical vices,"Š which threaten society in the United States to-day. The first is " a social danger against which it be-hooves us to set our faces and take timely precautions, before it assumes proportions too formidable to be easily eradicated." The second " bodes mischief to our coun-try and endangers the stability of our government." It " arises from our de-fective system of public schools," which " improves the mind and the memory to the neglect of moral and religious train-ing." There is one great evil, one radical vice, which now " bodes mischief to our country and endangers the stability of our government " as a free, secular republic that the cardinal does not mention. It is an evil and a vice that is characterized by a persistent attempt to make the exist-ence of other and more apparent evils and vices subserve its endsŠto so inter-pret and explain other evils and vices as to make it appear that in it alone is the cure for them. This evil, this vice, is the vicious disregard of the principle of sep-aration of church and state, the growing and persistent assumption that the state must concern itself with religion, by the Op representatives of organized religion, as strikingly shown in the demands that " the desecration of the Christian Sab-bath " be prevented by law and that religious teaching shall become a part of the system of public instruction supported by the state. Protestant bodies are taking the lead in the first demand, while the body which the cardinal represents is especially active in making the second. That ecclesiastical organization " is ear-nestly, patiently, persistently, determined-ly, making an attack on our public school system, endeavoring to do one of two thingsŠeither to get the public schools open to distinctively Catholic teaching, or else to get public money for the support of distinctively Catholic schools." It has been well declared that " if the time ever comes when either of these aims is accom-plished, it will be a sad day for the future of the Republic." And the other demand aims at what will mark an equally sad day for the future of the Republic. And yet these demands are being constantly and insidiously made in the interests of so-ciety and the state ! Against the great evil and vice which they represent, which is second to none of those named by .Car-dinal Gibbons as a menace to the welfare of society and the state, it behooves all now to set their faces and take timely precautions before it assumes (as it rap idly is) proportions too formidable It be easily eradicated. In connectipn wit the cardinal's inclusion of " the desecr: Lion of the Christian Sabbath " amon the " five very great evils " and " radio 