92 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY subsidy to the church is $200,000 (gold) per annum, but the private con-tributions and the money drawn from the public treasury in indirect ways exceed that sum a hundredfold. The priests who control affairs do not mean to lose the handling of this money if they can help it. They were re-en-forced recently by a large proportion of the Jesuits expelled from France by the associations' law. While leading Americans are de- nouncing Colombia for the condition of affairs which obtains in that country, they should not overlook nor fail to very carefully note the principal cause of that state of affairs. This is needed in the interests of their own country, for the very influence which Mr. Alex- ander tells us is the curse of Colombia and the cause of her backwardness and decadence is growing in power in the United States, and is being exerted in political and governmental affairs. We note this in the Watchman, Boston, on this point : It is very easy to deny the influence of any particular church in our politics, but it is not too much to say that to-day the majority of American cities are under the control of Roman Catholics. The influence is less obtrusive than it was twenty-five years ago, but it is immensely more effective. And in the national government since the war with Spain the influence of Romanism has advanced by leaps and bounds. The acquisition of Porto Rico and the Phil-ippines, and the American dominance in Cuba, made it very- easy for the Washington government to give Ro-manism an official recognition it has never had from us before. The honors paid to Archbishop Chapelle at Manila by American officials was entirely un-precedented, but the administration has felt that it must deal very tenderly with the representatives of the domi-nant faith in the Philippines. And when Cardinal Gibbons has proffered or endorsed a request at Washington the administration has realized that he represents fifteen million more people than before the Spanish war. This does not begin to state all that in connection with the acquisition of Porto Rico and the Philippines and the American dominance in Cuba has plainly evidenced the fact that the American government is to-day by no means independent of the influence which is the curse of Colombia. Of course that influence is far from being dominant in governmental affairs to-day, but it is perfectly certain that if there is not a decided reversal of a tendency that has been plainly in evi-dence for some time that the time will come when it can be said of the gov-ernment of the United States as it is now said of Colombia that the Pres-ident and his cabinet and Congress are the puppets of Roman ecclesiastics. The United States, or some of her statesmen, need to learn a lesson from Colombia, and to cease improper dal-liance with ecclesiastics. Ecclesiastics, of whatever sect, Roman Catholic no more than any other, should have no recognition nor influence as such in governmental affairs, and American statesmen and officials should uncom-promisingly maintain this rule, no mat-ter how great may be the "constitu-ency" represented by an ecclesiastic. Absolute separation of church and state and establishment of religious freedom for every individual by provision and madate of the funda-mental law is not sufficient even at this late day in the most enlightened na-tions (and none others have such pro-vision and mandate in their fundamen-tal law) to prevent religionists from indulging in the old, old game, to which religionists have ever been so prone, of attempting to bring politicians and the state under the dominance of their particular brand of religion. This is seen to-day in the new Australian Com- An Australian In- cident 