246 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY is the only mistake, however, in the Globe-Journal's editorial. It calls atten-tion to the statement of the secretary of the Philadelphia Sabbath (Sunday) As-sociation that when he opposed Sunday newspapers and favored the Monday morning issue instead he did not know that more Sunday work was involved in the latter than in the former, and makes the very pertinent observation that " if this is true, which it probably is not, that secretary is quite unfit to guide the legis-lature's judgment respecting laws for Sunday observance." These very worthy and truthful observations are made with regard to Sunday laws : All such laws are survivals of an earlier pe-riod in our history when the state imposed on the personal liberty of the individual such re-strictions as the church might direct. They represent the efforts of well-meaning but nar-row men to control the conscience of the in-dividual in matters in which he may be al-lowed liberty without endangering the peace, order or happiness of society. The pretense is that the purpose of these laws and ordinances is to secure a day of rest to the toilers, and the courts maintain the pretense. Yet every-body knows that Sunday would be no less a day of rest if we had no Sunday-rest laws, and that their real purpose is to maintain the American Sabbath, as it is called to distinguish it from the continental Sunday. The church may prescribe such discipline for its own mem-bers as it pleases, but a government which pro-fesses to be independent of the church and to allow freedom of conscience in matters of re-ligion belies its own professions when it enacts statutes conforming to the prejudices of church members respecting the observance of the Sab-bath. A systematic effort to enforce the blue laws of Pennsylvania will demonstrate that they do not represent public sentiment and therefore have no proper place in the statutes of a republican government. The Clerical Union " of St. Cloud, Minn., recently published " a declaration of warning to the people of St. Cloud against the desecration of the Lord's day." The action seems to have been caused by the proximity of the baseball season. This declaration differs from most warnings of this sort in that it is  more in the nature of an appeal to indi-viduals than of a threat of an appeal to the law, though this latter feature is not en-tirely absent. After stating that the dec-laration was not intended to apply to " those whose religious convictions lead them to observe the seventh instead of the first day of the week," it is said : We have no desire to dictate to Christian men (among whom there must be differences of opinion), by planning for them how each hour of the Lord's day should be occupied. To those who believe that Sunday is the Lord's day, it is sufficient to say that the day must be rendered unto the Lord in acts of worship and of service to God and our fellow-men. The day belongs not to ourselves, and cannot hon-estly be used for selfish purposes. If there be any one who does not acknowledge himself bound by any law of God, we would appeal to his love for his home and family, and his in-terest, as a citizen, in the honor and welfare of the community. But of course it is hard to keep off improper ground in this matter, and so the above is followed by the declaration that we have State laws and city ordi-nances relating to the observance of Sun-clay that are set at naught among us," and that " these law-breakers are not only not punished, but are smiled upon as they proceed in their defamation of both God and man." Although it is not de-manded in express terms, the evident implication is that the authorities should put a stop to this " defamation of both God and man " by calling to account those who " set at naught " the " State laws and city ordinances relating to the observance of Sunday." The same prin-ciple which requires that "Christian men" shall not be dictated to as to " how each hour of the Lord's day should be occu-pied," requires that there should be no laws and ordinances " relating to the ob-servance of Sunday," for such laws and ordinances are a most decided and unwar-rantable dictation as to how each hour of that day shall not be occupied, and, therefore, as to how each hour of it shall be occupied. 