RELIGION CANNOT BE TAUGHT IN SECULAR SCHOOLS 617 tion ; in fact, experience goes to show that the school fails to achieve success when intrusted with religious instruction. Even the bare enumeration of Christian doctrines in language partly secular is sufficient to show the impossibility of their introduction into the curriculum of schools supported by public taxes. Even the doctrine of the existence of God im-plies a specific conception of Him, and the conception of the divine varies from that of the finite deities of animism to the infinite deity of East Indian pantheism and the Holy Bible. It varies from the pantheistic Brahm, whose concept is that of negation of all attributes, to the Je-hovah of the Bible who is self-determined and personal, but elevated entirely above nature. Mere deism is opposed to all of the creeds of Christendom. When we come to teaching a live religion in the schools we see that it must take a de-nominational form, and moreover it must take on the form of authority and address itself to the religious sense and not to the mere intellect. The church has through long ages learned the proper method of religious instruction. It elevates sense perception through solemn music addressed to the ear, and works of art which represent to the eye the divine self-sacrifice for the salvation of man. It clothes its doctrine  in the language of the Bible, a book sa-credly kept apart from other literature, and held in such exceptional reverence that it is taken entirely out of the natural order of experience. The symbolic language of the psalms, the prophets and the gospels has come to possess a maxi-mum power of suggestiveness, powerful to induce what is called the religious frame of mind. The highest wisdom of the race is expounded before the people of the congregation in such language and such significant acts of worship as to touch the hearts of young and old with like effect. We must conclude, therefore, that the prerogative of religious instruction is in the church, and that it must remain in the church, and that in the nature of things it cannot be farmed out to the secular school without degenerating into mere deism without a living Providence, or else changing the school into a parochial school and destroying the efficiency of secular instruction. . . . The church management must not rest in security on the belief that the time is coming when it may safely rely on an unsectarian instruc-tion in the elementary schools for the spread of true religion, nor rely upon the re-establishment of parochial schools in place of free schools under government control and supported by public taxes. If we are to train up a God-fearing people to inhabit this land of ours, and stamp upon its civic life an indelible Christian character, the only way in the world to accomplish it is to insist on Christian church schools of highest char-acter and grade, not to supplant the pub-lic schools, but to supplement their work in the sphere which they cannot occupy, and give to the rising generation a thor-ough knowledge of the essentials of re-ligion and the foundations of faith.ŠThe Lutheran. Bishop James A. McFaul of Trenton, in an address the other day, remarked, anent the subject of religion in the public schools, that " intellectual cultivation has no effect in arresting the sources of evil in the human heart ; it alters the direction of the crime, but not its amount." This is true, and because it is, our Roman Catho-lic friends should see the necessity for providing for the religious education of their own people without looking to other sectarians for assistance. Š Christian Work and Evangelist. 