664 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Tell Your Friends Those who are not subscribers to THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTYŠthat they can obtain the four remaining numbers of this yearŠSeptember, October, November, and DecemberŠFOR 25 CENTS. Here is a favorable opportunity for those who have expressed a desire to help THE SENTINEL obtain a larger subscription list to do some practical work. A great many people can be induced to pay a quarter for a short-term subscription who would not pay E for a full year. After becoming acquainted with the journal through a short-term subscription we, of course, expect that large numbers will continue their subscriptions, and thus THE SENTINEL'S circulation be permanently increased. This is also an excellent opportunity to send THE SENTINEL to some of your friends whom you are anxious should know the correct principles of religious liberty. Just think ! You can send the journal to zo different addresses, four months, for only $5.00. By reading the announcement in another column you will see that THE SENTINEL has some specially good articles in store for its readers for the remainder of the year. Below are four coupons. Cut them out and use them, and if you wish more we will be glad to supply them. Send orders to THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY, II West 20th Street, New York City. The Sentinel of Christian Liberty, 11 West 20th Street, New York City Enclosed find 25  cents for which please send the Sep-tember, October, November and December issues of 1902 to The Sentinel of Christian Liberty, West 20th Street, New York City Enclosed find 25  cents for which please send the Sep. tember, October, November and December issues of 1902 to The Sentinel of Christian Liberty, 11 West 20th Street, New York City Enclosed find 25  cents for which please send the Sep-tember, October, November and December issues of mo2 to The Sentinel of Christian Liberty, 11 West 20th Street, New York City Enclosed find 25  cents for which please send the Sep-tember, October, November and DecemLer issues of 1902 to 