298 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY govern the world and to work together "for the glorification of God and the sal-vation of men." The Catholic writer tells us that the church and the state, in-deed, have different functions and de-partments of work, but that they are to be "of one mind in the Lord." So we are told here by this Methodist minister that they are the "two grand departments of His administration, separate in func-tions, but allied in interests, neither to dominate the other, but both to be domi-nated by the Supreme Mind." The only difference between the two positions is that while the Catholic holds that the state is to be subservient to the church, the Methodist holds that neither is to dominate the other. But this, we are as-sured, is a difference only in degree. The Methodist has not pursued his logic quite as far as the Catholic. The logic of his position of course leads directly to the domination of the state by the church. As representative of the position of the more "liberal" and "advanced" theology of the times may be taken these two para-graphs which we find in a recent editorial on "The Social Conscience," in the Christian Register of Boston : Religion, as the Puritan fathers looked at it, was not a something by itself. It had its affilia-tions with the state and with the school. In our struggle to establish the independence of one or the other, we have destroyed their core-lation. At one time we remember that it be-came a civic shame to "preach politics." The school was so far divorced from the church that religiOus training was carefully debarred from the curriculum. Just now it is once more beginning to be felt that no social equlibrium can be produced where the church and the school and the state are not in corelation and coalition. There is a common basis to religion, education, and politics; that is, to the whole social structure. Socety is a unit: it is a vital error to overlook this fact. Politics must be preached, and it must be taught. Religion must be found in the school-house and in the state-house. Religion that has rio intimate corela- don with affairs of the household, of the street, of the Counting-room, of the common school, lacks its ethical basis. Teaching should there-fore be as solemnly truthful as the pulpit dis-course; and preacher and teacher should in the same sense be piousŠthat is, devoutly obedi-ent to duty. Statesmanship cannot be divorced from re-ligion, nor the church severed in its aims from the state. To preach politics is to preach hon-est citizenship: it is to assert the great doc-trine of compensation for well-doing and for ill-doing. Partisanship does not belong in the pulpit, neither does partisanship find a whole-some place in politics. The preacher's duty is not, under any just definition, to expound scriptures, ancient or modern, but to create a sentiment for righteousness, which is only right-doing. And this sentiment should take hold of every phase of doing. Political life has had this fatal defect, that it rarely has devel-oped conscienceŠthat social conscience that re-fuses to do evil for party's sake, that can be defeated rather than buy votes with character. The cultivation of a social conscience is a re-ligious dutyŠthe most important religious duty now before Americans. The temptation to sell out manhood for honor or position, the lack of power to stand alone, is the chief social ill. A sale of independence, and a fhilure to stand by convictions, may bring small but not abiding honor. To modestly and yet firmly stand by what we have decided to be right will in the end bring to us advantage and respect. This whole business of seeking preferment at a sacrifice of conscience is, in the long run;  a dead loss. Does it pay to be in a continual struggle to be popular? What, at the mile-stones of life, can give us satisfaction? These are questions for both the statesman and the pieacher'as.well as the teacher. They are fun-damental questions concerning the social con-science. The statesman can preach with votes : the preacher is concerned with affairs of state. The teacher has the sublime duty of making honest statesmen and honest preachers. In all directions we come upon the obligation to work together for good, because God works in us, individually and collectively, to will his Golden Rule. The catechism of the twentieth century is a social catechism. We are henceforth not bid to save ourselves, but to save the world. We heard a few weeks ago, at Cooper Union in this city, substantially the same 