THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 565- A TALE OF TWO NATIONS. Splendid Isolation. IT was the doctrine of the Fathers of the United States that this nation should dwell alone, and not be reckoned as one of the great world Powers. I do not mean that the Fathers had a narrow idea of the wonderful sphere which the nation was to oc-cupy in the grand drama of earth's history. They certainly foresaw a gr.eat future for their country. But for all of this it was the concensus of their best wisdom that this nation should not become entangled in the broils, disputes, and alliances of the Powers of the Old World. They clearly discerned that this would be disastrous. As stated in a previous article, when the Puri-tans first " trekked " across sea from England and Holland they regarded their movement as a religious "exodus." They desired to put the " Red Sea," as they termed the Atlantic, b4ween themselves and " Egypt," as they were wont to call the land from whence they came. The shores of America were the borders of the Land of Canaan, and in this land they determinded to uprear a commonwealth in which the principles of the Ten Commandments should form the fundamental code of law. They were desirous of erecting a state wherein righteous- ness should abound. In the doing of this they broke away from a great many of the maxims of statecraft in vogue in Europe. Europe sneered, and thought that it would only be a few short years until the experiment of,  popular government, which discarded the theories of ages, would prove itself a failure. The Puritan fathers applied to themselves the words of the Lord to the people of Israel at the time when he led them out of Egypt into the land of Canaan: "After the doings of the land of Egypt, wherein ye dwelt, shall ye not do: and after the doings of the land of Canaan, whither I bring you, shall ye not do: neither shall ye walk in their ordi-nances." " And ye shall 'not walk in the manners of the nation which I cast out before you." " There- for the reform of stubborn earthly things." The kingdom of God and the kingdoms of earth are es-sentially different, and the rules of government of the former will not apply in the latter. Earthly governments can be successfully administered only on a purely secular basis. s. Ł fore shall ye keep mine ordinance, that ye commit not any of these abominable customs, which were committed before you." Now, there were many of the political manners. and customs and ordinances of the Old World which the fathers of the new nation felt religiously bound, not to practice in any way whatsoever. By the time the making of the Constitution was reached the Americans stood upon absolutely differe,nt political ground to any that had ever been occupied before by any nation. The Fathers came saying: " We hold these TRUTHS to be self-evident." They did not think that they were advancing theories; they did not be-lieve that what' they had to give to the world were mere political maxims; they did not consider that they were explottirig ideas, the preposterous vaporŠings of their own perverted imaginings. No, no; they came teaching TRUTHS. They believed that what they had to say to the world was all-important..  It was their firm conviction that their teachings were born from above and were not the product of mere human intellect. Truth and conviction lent courage to the words. and deeds of these noble men. They blazed a path-through a trackless forest of political doctrines, But through it all they were guided by a bright star of truth hung out in the heavens to be a lamp to the path of their feet. Besides the doctrine that all men are created equal, and that governments derive their just powers from the consent of thegoverned, the Fathers taught that this nation should dwell alone and should not be reckoned among the nations. Nothing was made more clear than this. It pervades the very spirit of their speeches and writings, and in positive and ex-press statements it is made manifestly clear. In that suberb state paper, "The Farewell Ad-dress," the " Fattier of his Country " gave utterance to this pearl of great price: "Against the insidious wiles of foreign influence (I conjure you to believe me, fellow-citizens) the jealously of a free people ought to be constantly awake, since history and experience prove that foreign influence is one of the most baneful foes of republican government. . . " The great rule of conduct for us in regard to foreign nations is, in extending our commercial re-lations, to have with them as little political connection as possible. So far as we have already formed en- 