EDITORIAL  121 The Pope's "Great Desire" Dispatches from Rome during De-cember convey information that accords perfectly with what has been the manifest policy and aim of the Papacy for at least ten years. In 1892 the Pope sent Satolli over as his representative at Washing-ton, and ever since that time the Papacy has done her best to establish diplomatic relations with the United States Govern-ment. And it must be confessed that she has not been wholly unsuccessful, for a number of times since the date men-tioned, notably during the Spanish-American War, it has been evident that the Government has, for a short time at least, been in what might properly be termed diplomatic communication with the Vatican. From the dispatches to which we have referred it seems that the Papacy antici-pates at an early date still greater tri-umphs in this direction. A dispatch from Rome, dated December 14, read : "A Vatican official asserts that nego-tiations are progressing satisfactorily for the accrediting of an American repre-sentative at the Vatican. The necessity of such a representative, he says, is doubly felt now that Cuba and the Philip-pines are under American control." Eight days later another dispatch was sent from Rome to the Pall Mall Gazette, London, which read in part as follows: "The Vatican is becoming decidedly more hopeful that the United States will yield to the Pope's great desire and ap-point a diplomatic representative to the Vatican. So anxious is the Pope for the success of his project that he would be satisfied at present with a semi-official representative, in the hope that he would be eventually turned into a minister or ambassador. It seems that Washington is not unwilling to discuss the matter,  and the Vatican has intimated, in return, its desire to meet American wishes in Cuba and the Philippines, and possibly create another cardinal in the United States." These things are significant. It re-mains to be seen whether the Govern-ment will do now what was spurned by the American Government in 1776, through its representative at Paris, Ben-jamin Franklin. A butcher who decided to test the new Sunday law of New York State prohibit-ing the sale of uncooked meats on Sun-days, recently carried a case to the State supreme court, which decides that the law is constitutional. Judge Giegerich, who issued the decision, said : "Sunday laws, prohibiting trade on that day, have been held in numerous adjudications to be well within the police powers of the legislature, and have been universally upheld upon the ground that the physi-cal and moral well-being of the people may be advanced thereby." Just before adjourning its last nation-al convention, which was held at Forth Worth, Texas, the National Woman's Christian Temperance Union passed res-olutions with reference to.  the present excise question in New York, protesting in the name of the motherhood of the nation against Sunday opening of sa-loons, and earnestly urging "the law-abiding and moral citizens of New York State to stand for a strict enforcement of the Sunday-closing law and the abolition of the Raines law hotel." It is a matter of regret that the grand cause to which the W. C. T. U. is devoted should lead it sometimes to become entangled with the cause of Sunday enforcement, which is not a temperance measure at all. At 