EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 679 right as they do to the President. But protection in exercising a right does not mean compelling its exercise. An Effort for Sun- It is reported that day Enforcement among the bills an- in Holland nounced in the speech of the Queen of Holland to the States General at The Hague the other Ł day was one "providing rest on the Sabbath." It calls for "the absolute tranquillity of the Sabbath, the suspen-sion of all bodily toil, the closing of all shops or places of business or of amuse-ment, and the prohibition of assemblies other than those gathered for religious -worship." Notwithstanding its object is plainly the "protection" of the "Sabbath" and the enforcement of its observance, the ostensible object is of course something else Š"the moral rectitude and temperance of the na-tion." It is said that the measure is aimed at the Roman Catholics and -Jews, "both of these sects having ideas Ł concerning the observance of the first, or of the seventh day of the week, as the case may be, different from those of the Dutch Reformed Church," which is pretty well in control of the govern-ment. With good reason, it seems, the bill is in some quarters declared to be unconstitutional, "as special provision is made in the constitution for liberty of conscience, complete social equality, and independent practise of religion for the Roman Catholic and the Jewish as well as for the Reformed Church, all of which receive a fixed allowance from the public funds." The union barbers of Des Moines, Iowa, seem to have acted promptly upon the suggestion made to labor unionists by Rev. H. 0. Breeden of that city in the very si gr Meant utter-ance which we printed recently. On a recent Sunday, on informat:cn  by a representative of the union, a con-stable " made the rounds and arrested all barbers who were working, includ-ing those at the Savery. Hotel," six in all, who were promptly fined at a special session of Justice Christy's court. " In securing deputies for the work, Constable Daily obtained seven members of local trade unions," and " in speaking of this to a reporter " of the Des Moines Leader said : " It might be well to make men-tion of the fact that the men who planned and carried out to-day's raid are union men, and that this thing of running business houses on the day of rest is a thing that labor unions are going to fight." And it is stated by the Leader that " the movement to close all Sunday barber shops is only a part of the general policy of all labor unions to discourage Sunday labor." So it would seem that labor unionism at Des Moines is falling into line with Mr. Breeden's suggestion that " it [unionism] must join the churches everywhere in the protection of Sun-day as a day of rest," and that it agrees with him that " here is a place for ef-fectively using the splendid machinery of organized labor." The great dan-ger to-day in the matter of Sunday en-forcement lies in the fact that there is every prospect of the joining of the churches and labor unions for ", the protection of Sunday," and of the em-ployment for that purpose of that " splendid machinery " which is now and has been in the past so freely and " effectively " used to intimidate, co-erce and terrorize those who have exer-cized the rights to work and to employ workmen contrary to the arbitrary and despotic dictates of labor unions or labor union leaders. At a Methodist district conference at Des Moines, Iowa, on October 11, 