THE Sunday=Law Question Is one of growing importance. Enforcement of the old laws is revi-ving, and demand for the enactmentment of new laws is increasing. The issue presented is vital, and the principles involved fundamental and far-reaching. The publications below should be read by all who would be informed on the question. They deal with it from the broad standpoint of the accepted principles of civil and religious freedom, and will com-mend themselves to every impartial and candid reader. THE LEGAL SUNDAY Its History and Character BY THE LATE JAMES T. RINGGOLD, OF THE BALTIMORE BAR This is a very able treatise on the history and character of the Sunday as an insti-tution protected and enforced by the civil law. It is divided into four parts, as follows : Part I. " The Historical Aspect of the Question," including a very rare history of the Brownists, who set up an established church and the Sunday laws in America. Part II. " The Moral Aspect of the Question," including six chapters on the various features of Sunday laws. Part III. " The Constitutional Aspect of the Question," containing five chap-ters on the enforcement of Sunday laws, and deals with the grounds and arguments on which Sundays laws have been upheld. Part IV. " Supplementary," drawing the distinction be-tween immorality and incivility, also between vice and crime, together with some observa-tions on " Clerical Slumming." This work covers its topic thoroughly, and will appeal espe-cially to lawyers, judges and others desirous of a semi-legal treatise on the question. The hook contains 252 pages; bound in cloth and paper, at 5o and 25 cents respectively, postpaid. " DUE PROCESS OF LAW and the Divine Right of Dissent BY ALONZO T. JONES It is said that until 1891 the judicial branch of the United States government had never been called upon to take cognizance of the .Sunday-law question. In that year the question of enforced Sunday observance was brought before the Circuit Court of the United States for the Western District of Tennessee by the appeal of the celebrated King case from the State courts. In remanding the prisoner Judge Hammond attempted to justify Sunday legislation and its enforcement, even to the extent of " persecution," and limited and denied the American doctrines of civil and religious freedom. The dictum in this decision was probably the most remarkable and astonishing expression on the question that has ever come from any American court, certainly from any Federal court, and it should be examined by every American citizen. This pamphlet is a masterly review of the the decision in the light of American and Christian principles. In an appendix the de-cision is given verbatim. The appendix also includes the decision of the Supreme Court of California in Ex-parte Newman, declared by the author of the pamphlet to be " the only judicial decision ever rendered upon the question of Sunday observance by law that ac-cords with the common principles of right or justice." He desires that " the principles of this masterly decision might become ingrained in the intellectual make-up of every person in the United States." It alone makes the pamphlet one of special value on this ques-tion. Pamphlet, Izo pages, 15 cents, postpaid. THE NATIONAL SUNDAY LAW BY ALONZO T. JONES This is an enlarged report of the argument made by the author before the United States Senate Committee on Education and Labor of the Fiftieth Congress on the Blair national " Sunday-Rest " bill. The arguments then presented and called forth by the questions and arguments of members of the committee, are good for all time on the Sunday-law question, and as has been declared by a leading Sunday-law advocate, make "mighty interesting reading." The whole range of the question is covered. The argument is based on Scripture and history, Constitution and law, showing the limits of civil authority, the unconstitutionality of Sunday legislation, and analyzing Sunday laws and showing their practical workings in various States. " The positions taken will bear the severest test of every form of just criticism." Another national Sunday bill is certain to come before Con-gress before long. Read this pamphlet and be prepared to pass judgment upon the wisdom and justice of such a measure. Pamphlet, 192 pages; price 25 cents, postpaid. ADDRESS THE PUBLISHERS OF THE SENTINEL. 