156 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY agance, and to draw men from their homes, thus making the day a foe to family life. " If," " if," " if." It would certainly be a weak-brained person who could not " tear to tatters " this argument, which is the one upon which the Advocate always falls back in discussing the ques-tion of closing saloons on Sunday. If there is any reason why saloons should be closed on Sunday it certainly does not appear in this argument. The State is not right, and cannot be right, " in forbidding harmless tradesmen to do business on Sunday." Whether it be wise or unwise, the State has no business to be governing banks any differently on Sunday from what it does on other days, nor to be making the drawing of a note illegal merely because it is drawn on Sunday. And the State has abso-lutely no right to be " regulating personal conduct in the streets on Sunday " any different from what it does on other days of the week. The State has no right to have any such " special laws," for it has no right to be requiring a higher or dif-ferent standard of conduct on one day from what it requires on another. There-fore an argument against the Sunday opening of the saloon which rests upon the assumption that the State has the right to do these things, amounts to nothing. If the Advocate cannot find some argument for prohibiting the liquor traffic on Sunday which does not place saloon-keepers on a par with harmless tradesmen, saloons on a par with banks, and the dispensing of liquor on a par with such a matter as drawing up a note, it might as well give up the case. In making the argument that it does it gives away the case entirely, and shows plainly that Sunday enforcement in general, and not the prevention of the liquor traffic on Sunday, is the thing that it has in mind. Its argument against the sale of liquor on Sunday is not based upon the harm and evil of the liquor traffic, but  upon the assumed propriety and justice of Sunday legislation in general. And since its contention that " it cannot be wrong or unjust or inexpedient" to make illegal the liquor business on Sun-day is based entirely upon the assump-tion that it cannot be wrong or unjust to forbid " harmless tradesmen to do [harmless] business on Sunday," or to have special laws for the regulation of personal conduct on Sunday that do not apply upon other days, its argument against the Sunday saloon simply amounts to nothing. The Advocate is greatly displeased be-cause the present mayor of New York has " disparaged the Sunday-closing law," and declares that his conduct " with respect to this question has placed an ineffaceable stain upon his record." It intimates that this will cause the de-feat of the " fusion ' ticket labeled re-form ' " in " the coming campaign," and as much as says that if the Sunday law is not to be enforced it is better for the city to have Tammany in control. This shows how strongly and blindly devoted to their idol are the champions of Sunday enforcement in New York. They of course do not realize that in placing the business of the saloon on a level with harmless and legitimate businesses, as the logic of their position requires them to do, and as they constantly do in ar-guing the question, they have themselves gone about as far as they can in dis-paraging the Sunday-closing law against the saloon. To tell people that the saloon-keeper should not be allowed to do busi-ness on Sunday because harmless trades-men should not be allowed to, is to give them no reason whatever for forbidding the saloon-keeper to do business on Sun--day. In so far as the business of the saloon-keeper is thereby identified with the business of the harmless tradesman, it is to argue against the prohibition of the saloon-keeper's business on Sunday. 