ANTI-DEMOCRATIC TENDENCIES IN AMERICAN LIFE 429 glaring illustration of the oligarchical tendency now asserting itself," and pro-ceeded at considerable length to discuss it. He showed conclusively that the coolie labor system is " a qualified form of slavery," and declared that the proposi-tion in question was " a proposition to re-establish, in a modified form, human slavery in the territory of the United States, forty years after we went through the struggle and bloodshed of the Civil War in order to banish human slavery from the territory of the United States, as we thought, forever."j We have gone into the Philippines with high moral professions, to do a work of ethical culture on a national scale. Duty sent us thither; we must elevate and develop a great people. But there has been all along another wish in our hearts, and I am afraid that that, as the event shows, was the primary wishÑto make money out of these Philippines. And that is the reason, friends, why we can-not wait to develop the islands with free labor, the free labor of the Filipinos ; that is the reason why we cannot allow the schools to do their perfect work for ten or fifteen or twenty years, and train industrial laborers ; that is the reason why we are insisting, or at least some of us who are following anti-democratic tendencies are insisting, that Chinese coolies should be introduced into the is-lands ; that is the reason why we do not shrink, at least some of us do not shrink, for the sake of commercial greed, from reopening on the body politic the cica-trized wound of human slavery. I have said what I wish to say now in substance. I want to add just one word more. I found my hope for the future of the country on the condition that this blinding storm of imperialism will pass, and that manhood and strength will rise in majestic proportions on this continent. But if there is to be such a fulfilment, I warn you that we must ourselves be  active, because the most fatal mistake we could make is to suppose that there is any fatalism in the destiny of nations; that we are foreordained to a good end by Providence or fate. We are not. Our destiny rests with us, for good or ill, and whether the better destiny will be ours or not depends, in my opinion, alto-gether upon whether the false view . of democracy can be excluded and the right view take its place : the false view, which is that the individual and his prosperity are the aim, and that men are already equal, and which leads to oligarchy in politics, and to gathering with the aris-tocracies of Europe, and to the rise of imperialism, and the attempt to utilize and to abuse the brown race or the yel-low raceÑthese are the fruits of the false view. And in its place we must have the true view, which is that men are not equal as yet, but that democracy is the means of making them equal ; that democracy is a great new outlook and hope for the disinherited of this world; ¥ that it is a means of challenging the strong to spend themselves on the weak, the efficient on the inefficient, the ripe on the immature. Let us then do what we can to instil this view, this true view of democracy, among the people, in the schools, and in the colleges, and in the universities, and on the public platform, that our people may be baptized anew, baptized in the . spirit, that is in the social spirit, of de-mocracy. And then, too, it will come to pass, what the imperialists have dreamed of, but ignobly dreamed of, that we shall rule in the world ; that we shall have dominion in the world ; but in the only sense in which such rule and such do-minion is desirable, namely, in the hearts and in the respect and admiration of men, because of the justice and the sub-limity and the truth and the humanity of the ideals for which as a nation we stand. Then it will come to pass that we 