THE SUPREMACY furious at having been deprived of such rich booty. As they knew the impossi-bility of their masters opposing their de-signs, they traversed the streets with lighted torches and set fire to the houses, that they might more easily rob the in-habitants in the general alarm. Fortu-nately, these soon gained the ascendance, and laid strong hands on the stranger priests. In consequence of this ¥out-break a panic seized the cardinals; they left Carpentras furtively, to escape the popular vengeance, and retired to their magnificent palaces at Avignon, or to their country houses, without caring oth-erwise for Christianity than to spend with their mistresses the money which the faithful had given to Clement V., and which they had divided amongst them-selves."ÑId. Two full years passed without the elec-tion of a pope. At last the king of France "went to the city of Lyons, from whence he wrote to the cardinals to come to him secretly, promising the tiara to each one of them. On the appointed day they arrived, mysteriously, in the city, and went to the monastery of Preaching Brothers, where Philip was. As soon as ¥ they appeared at the convent they were arrested and confined in a large hall. Philip then informed them that he should keep them prisoners until they had named a pontiff." The king commanded that they be fed only on bread and water. At the end of forty days, having not yet come to an agreement on the choice of a pope, they did agree "to commission the cardinal James d'Ossa to choose the worthiest among them as sovereign pon-tiff." The worthy cardinal "placed the tiara on his own head:' And since it was the unanimous choice of the cardi-nals that James d'Ossa choose the pope, and he had chosen himself, his election was counted unanimous, and he was pro- OF THE PAPACY  669 claimed Pope John XXII. (Sept. 21, 1316, to Dec. 4, 1334) MONSTROUS SPECULATION IN HUMAN CORRUPTION John was seventy years old. From the fact that the cardinals could unite in trusting him to choose the worthiest amongst them to be pope, it is evident that he had some claims to their confi-dence. But if this be so, and whatever claims to worthiness he might have had, after he became pope "he became proud-er, more deceitful, and greedier than his predecessors. He was not content with the ordinary revenues of the Church and with the enormous sums the inquisitors paid him as his share of the confiscations, but he increased them by speculation in human corruption, and publicly sold ab-solution for parricide, murder, robbery, incest, adultery, sodomy, and bestiality. He himself reduced to writing this tax of the apostolic chancery, that Pactolus which flowed over all the vices of hu-manity, changed into livres tournois or handsome golden penniesÑand which rolled into the pontifical treasury, the true ocean in which the wealth of na-tions was engulfed." The list of taxes drawn up by John XXII. as levied upon the licentious prac-tises of ecclesiastics, priests, nuns, and the laity, on murder and other enormi-ties, as well as on lesser crimes and breaches of monastic rules and church requirements, is sufficient to cover al-most every sin that mankind could corn-' mit. Yet all these sins were regularly taxed at a certain rate, to the single "sou" (cent), and even to the "denier." So that it is literally true that no inconsider-able portion of the revenues of the Pa-pacy were derived from a regularly as-sessed tax upon the sins of men. Well 