SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the Perna in most instances must he a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. O A committee of seven ministers, headed by Rev. J. T. Gibson, Presbyterian, waited on Mayor Hays at the city hall in Pitts-burg, Pa., on May 26 and asked among -other things that " efforts be made toward -a more strict observance of the Sunday laws." Director of Public Safety Moore was called in, and a conference was held with the ministers. After the conference the mayor issued a statement, from which we take the following: The address of the ministerial associations -was discussed at considerable length with the visiting committee. The ministers were given assurances that the city administration would, in every way and by the use of very legitimate power, endeavor to conserve the welfare of the .city. Director Moore, in his talk with the ministers, called attention to their statement that " the moral welfare of all classes is best -conserved under the reign of righteous equi-table government." " What is a righteous, equitable government?" the director asked. We believe it cannot be righteous without being equitable, and that it is not a police duty to interfere with a citizen so long as his acts -do not invade the rights of others. We must allow this principle to govern us. The police will, I assure you, preserve the quiet, peace and holiness of the Sabbath wherever it may be necessary. We promise to keep newsboys from calling their papers in the vicinity of -churches, and we will stop all sales of un-necessaries, but we do not know that there is much business done on Sunday, except among a few of the small shops and stores. Neither . do we feel called upon to issue and enforce an order suppressing entirely the publication and sale of Sunday newspapers." There was " a long discussion of the Sunday newspaper question, but the mayor and director main-tained that they saw no public necessity for attempting to stop the publication and sale of newspapers, but promised to assist in prevent-ing the Sunday morning disturbances caused by the noisy cries of boys. Assurance was given that the illegal sale of liquor, especially  on Sunday, would be made to cease. The mayor said in conclusion that he was certain the ministers and the administration could work best together along the lines indicated by Director Moore. Two years ago this summer a very strict Sunday-enforcement regime pre-vailed for several weeks in Pittsburg. It was brought to an end by the late Re-corder Brown, who had been carrying it out, after a few talks with Mr. C. S. Longacre, a friend of THE SENTINEL then living in Pittsburg. After one or two conversations, in which the principles involved were clearly pointed out to him, the recorder readily acknowledged that Sunday enforcement was wrong, and in a short time revoked the Sunday-enforce-ment order. In an article td the press giving his reasons for the change of policy he included much that had been presented to him by Mr. Longacre. It would seem that the Pittsburg authorities are still influenced to some extent by the ideas and principles that were then heeded. Ł The W. C. T. U. in Houston, Texas, is carrying on a Sunday-enforcement crusade. On May 26 it issued this state-ment : Petitions in behalf of Sunday closing in Houston presented to the council up to the present time have been signed by fifty-three churches, church societies, clubs and other organizations of the city, representing a mem-bership of 3,600, and 40o voters and business men have given their individual signatures to have the Texas Sunday law observed in Hous-ton. The Central W. C. T. U. has had printed and distributed 3,000 copies of the law from the Revised Penal Code of the statutes of Texas. Monday Chief of Police Ellis was pre-sented with over forty petitions from different organizations, and over 30o individual signa- 