160 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY It is true that He said, "He that is not with Me is against Me ;" but He also said, "He that is not against us is for us." It is true that He said, "I came not to send peace, but a sword ;" but He also said, "Put up again thy sword into his place, for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword." He who came to seek and to save that which was lost never taught his disci-ples and followers that they should use the sword against unbelievers "for the preservation of unity" or any other pur-pose. He taught His disciples, and through them riis followers in all ages, that the sword was to be used not by them, but against them; that it was not to come as -the instrument of peace and right-eousness, but as the instrument of the bitter hatred that would be borne toward them because of their righteous lives. The sword which Christ came to send was the sword in the hands of the ene-mies of His truth, who will not endure the preaching and practising of right-eousness; not a sword in the hands ;of His followers. His followers are to have no more to do with the wielding of the sword than Abel had to do with the deed of Cain. The great characteristic of the teach-ings of the Master was the laying down of principles by which the individual was to direct his own conduct, not principles for one individual to use in directing the conduct of another. When the man came to Christ desiring that He would speak to his brother, "that he divide the inheritance with me," his attention was at once called to his own conduct by the question, "Man, who made Me a judge or a divider over you?" Why do you come to Me with such an appeal? Then he heard a short sermon, full of great principles for the regulation of his own  conduct, but not one word regarding his brother's duty. Had Christ intimated what his brother's duty was in the mat- ter, the man would instantly have gone off to his brother and made the words of Jesus a sort of weapon with which to accomplish his object. But Christ de-sired no such service; yet this is the sort of service that all persecutors render, and it is the sort of service that is called for in the language which we have quoted above. When Christ said, "He that is not with Me is against me," he gave to individ-uals a truth to be applied each for himself to himself, not for one to apply to an= other, or for one body of men to apply to another body of men, as is done when it is made to justify the doctrine of per-secution, as in the quotation given above. When His disciples began to act according to the reasoning of this Catho-lic writer, and came to Him saying, "We saw one casting out devils in thy name, and we forbade him, because he follow-eth not with us," the Master had other words and another truth for them, and He said, "Forbid him not; for he that is not against us is for us." Instead of teaching the doctrine of in-tolerance, Christ always condemned it, and, whenever it appeared, rebuked the spirit which leads to it. When His disci-ples desired to call down fire to consume some who refused to receive Him, "He turned and rebuked them, and said, Ye know not what manner of spirit ye are of ; for the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to save them." And this stands as an eternal rebuke to all the professed followers of the Prince of Peace and the Author of liberty who would use force and coercion against those whom they deem to be in error in matters of faith. 