EDITORIAL 767 Ma 5 efinvilneu OF CERLSTL4111 L11231M77 Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States devoted to the exposition and defense of. the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not Ł periodical of abstractions and speculation, but it is Ł live magasine which discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matter at the New York Post-office. (See close of reading matter for terms of subscription, etc.) We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. , We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil government to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God according to the dictates of his own con-science, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty, and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of lib-erty, which is theirs by virtue of the un-bounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. VOL. 17 NOVEMBER, 1902 No. 12 Sunday legislation denies the right to work. Where church and state are united the usefulness of both is impaired and the true rights and principles of both are un-dermined. If "the right to labor is inherent in every human being," then the right to  disregard every law prohibiting all la-bor "except works of necessity and char-ity" is inherent in every human being. If the right to labor "cannot be sur-rendered without the sacrifice of indi-vidual liberty and of private property," then Sunday legislation requires the sac-rifice of individual liberty and of private property one day every week. Where "the rights of honest toil" are fully respected and protected there can be no legislation prohibiting "common labor," "secular business," or "worldly employment," not even "on the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday." If "there is no right in God's universe comparable to the right of a man to do his work," then the highest right in the universe is denied by Sunday legislation, and every individual has the best right in the universe to disregard such legislation. A church which receives some special favors from government is never satis-fied with what it has, but is always seek-ing greater favors. The only safe rule for government to follow is to grant no special favors to churches, but to leave them to take care of themselves. A Sunday-enforcement advocate pro-claiming "the rights of honest toil" and denouncing those who infringe them is much like, for instance, a reckless chauf-feur proclaiming the rights of pedestrians and denouncing those who run people down in the public thoroughfares. If "freedom of labor lies at the foun-dation of free institutions," then either American institutions are not free, or else the advocates of Sunday enforcement are 