"FEUDAL AMERICA" 343 Far from being the foundation of its revenues, as were the estates of the old feudalism, these are the prodigally ex- pensive playthings of the new. 'the oil wells, the mines, the grain fields, the for-ests and the great thoroughfares of the land are its ultimate sources of revenue ; but itsŁstrongholds are in the cities. It is in these centers of activity, with their warehouses, where the harvests are hoarded ; their workshops, where the metals and woods are fashioned into ar-ticles of use ; their great distributing houses; their exchanges; their enor-mously valuable franchises to be had for the asking or the seizing, and their pres-sure of population, which forces an hour-ly increase in the exorbitant value of land, that the new feudalism finds the field best adapted for its main opera-tions. Bondage to the land was the basis of villeinage in the old regime; bondage to the job will be the basis of villeinage in the new. The wage-system will endure, for it is an incomparably simpler means of determining the baron's volume of profits than were the "boon-works," the "week-works" and the corvees of old. But with increasing concentration on the one hand, and the fiercer competition for employment on the other, the secured job will become the laborer's fortress, which he will hardly dare to evacuate. The hope of bettering his condition by surrendering one place in the expecta-tion of getting another will be qualified by a restraining prudence. He will no longer trust his individual strength, but will protest against ill conditions, or, in the last resort, strike, only in company with a formidable host of his fellows. And even the collective assertion of his demands will be restrained more and more as he considers recurring failures of his efforts such as that of the recent steel strike. Moreover, concentration Ł  gives opportunity for an almost in-definite extension of the blacklist: a person of offensive activity may be de-nied work in every feudal shop and on every feudal farm from one end of the country to the other. He will be a hardy and reckless industrial villein indeed who will dare incur the enmity of the Duke of the Oil Trust when he knows that his actions will be promptly com-municated to the banded autocracy of dukes, earls and marquises of the steel, coal, iron, window glass, lumber and traffic industries. Of the three under classes of the old feudalismŠsub-tenants, cotters and vil-leinsŠthe first two are already on the  ground, and the last is in process of res-toration. But the vast complexity of modern society specializes functions, and for the new feudalism still other classes are required. It is a difficult task properly to differentiate these class-es. They shade off almost impercepti-bly into one another; and the dynamic processes of modem industry often hurl, in one mighty convulsion, great bodies of individuals from a higher to a lower class, blurring or obscuring the lines of demarcation. Nevertheless, to take a figure from geology, these convulsions become less and less frequent as the sub-stratum of industrial processes becomes more fixed and regular; the classes be-come more stable and show more dis-tinct differences, and they will tend, un-der the new regime, to the formal insti-tution of graded caste. At the bottom are the wastrels, at the top the barons; and the gradation, when the new regime shall have become fully developed, whole and perfect in its parts, will be about as follows : I. The barons, graded on the basis of possessions. II. The courtiers and court-agents. III. The workers in pure and applied Ł 