526 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ment yesterday. Bewhiskered constables strut-ted about with blank pieces of paper in their pockets. They would slide up to an unsus- pecting seller and hand him a piece of paper. It was a warrant charging him with selling on Sunday, and commanding him to appear at Ridgeway this morning at nine o'clock to answer to the terrible charge of selling on Sunday. Some of the sausage men stopped selling. Others went right on and earned the plaudits of the liberal-minded cottagers at the resort. Then the constables in turn visited the boathouse men, the newsboys, the restau-rant-keepers, the bathhouse proprietors, the peanut vendors, the man who operates the merry-go-rounds and the man who sells sand pails to family parties, and handed each the deadly piece of paper commanding each and all to appear at Ridgeway at nine o'clock this morning to answer " in the name of the King " to the various offenses with which they are charged. It did not take long for the news of the wholesale arrests to spread. The cot-tagers, mostly Buffalo folk, were loud in their condemnation of what had occurred. All prom-ised their financial and moral support to those who had been served with warrants. The feeling ran so high that every person who had been served with a warrant im-mediately re-opened and did business all day. The Canadian constables, noting the high tension of the people, did not attempt to fur-ther molest those doing business at the resort. Yesterday's events were the climax of several previous Abortive attempts to enforce the so-called laws. At Bowling Green, Ohio, on July 14 " the case of the State of Ohio against William Black et al., arrested for an al-leged violation of the statute against the playing of baseball on Sunday, was called in Justice Callin's court in the presence of an overflowing gathering of specta-tors." Somewhat of a sensation was cre-ated by the positive declaration of the bondsmen that the document calling for the appearance of the accused in court had been altered since they signed it. They said when their signatures were attached it contained the name of William Black only, but as read it contained the names of three other persons and called for the appearance in court of " fifteen  other persons whose names are not:  known." The justice denied that the-bond had been altered, and declared " the recognizances of those failing to appear forfeited." The defense " moved the dis-charge of the defendants on the ground that jurisdiction was lacking because of a previous arrest and fine for the same offense, and introddced a transcript of the proceedings in the mayor's court of Portage showing that fines and costs amounting to $43.14 had been paid upon conviction for the same charge." The case continued so long that it was neces-sary to take a recess, after which " a much larger number of interested spectators congregated." We are not informed as to the result of the trial.ŠIt was recently reported from Jacksonville, Fla., that in order " not to be outdone by the enforce-ment of the Sunday laws relative to play-ing baseball on the Sabbath, the local teams have agreed to admit every one de-sirous of seeing the games free of charge on Sunday afternoons." " The State laws prohibit the playing of baseball or any amusement on the Sabbath when an ad-mission fee is charged."ŠAt Niagara Falls, N. Y., on July 18, the chief of police " issued orders to the effect that there must be no more ball playing in the city on Sundays in the future." " In case any games are attempted the ball players will be arrested and arraigned in the police court." Preceding this action the chief received a communication, " signed by every minister in the city," requesting him to prevent Sunday games in the fu-ture, and informing him that a similar request had been sent to the mayor and to the sheriff of the county.ŠIn response to " a deluge of complaints from the people who want Sunday used for a day of church-going," the prosecuting attor-ney of Cass County, Mich., has issued an order against Sunday ball playing, and a deputy sheriff " is attending to its en- 