LINCOLN ON THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE 545 mean anything at all, we have Judge Douglas giving his exposition of what the Declaration of Independence means, and we have him saying that the people of America are equal to the people of England. According to his construc-tion, you Germans are not connected with it. Now, I ask you in all soberness, if all these things, if indulged in, if ratified, if confirmed and indorsed, if taught ¥ to our children and repeated to them, do not tend to rub out the sentiment of liberty in the country, and to transform this Government into a government of some other form? Those arguments that are made, that the inferior race are to be treated with as much allowance as they are capable of enjoying; that as much is to be done for them as their condition will allowÑwhat are these arguments? They are the ar-guments that kings have made for en-slaving the people in all ages of the world. You will find that all the argu-ments in favor of kingcraft were of this class; they always bestrode the necks of the people, not that they wanted to do it, but because .the people were better off for being ridden. That is their argu-ment, and this argument of the Judge is the same old serpent that says : You work, and I eat ; You toil, and I will en-joy the fruits of it. Turn it in whatever way you will, whether it come from the mouth of a king as an excuse for enslav-ing the people of his country, or from the mouth of men of one race as a rea-son for enslaving the men of another race, it is all the same old serpent; and I hold, if that course of argumentation that is made for the purpose of convinc-ing the public mind that we should not care about this, should be granted, it does not stop with the negro [or Fili-pino]. I should like to know if, tak-ing this old Declaration of Inde-pendence, which declares that all  men are equal upon principle, and mak-ing exceptions to it, where will it stop? If one man says it does not mean a ne-gro, why not another say it does not mean some other man ? If that declara-tion is not the truth, let us get the stat-ute book in which we find it, and tear it out ! Who is so bold as to do it ? If it is not true, let us tear it out! [Cries of "No ! No r] Let us stick to it, then; let us stand firmly by it, then. . . . Let us then turn this Government back into the channel in which the framers of the Constitution originally placed it. At the Dedication of the Gettysburg National Cemetery, November 19, 1863. Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent a new nation, conceived in liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal. Now we are engaged in a great civil war, testing whether that nation, or any nation so conceived and so dedicated, can long endure. We are met on a great battle-field of that war. We have come to dedicate a portion of that field as a final resting-place for those who here gave their lives that that nation might live. It is altogether fitting and proper that we should do this. But, in a larger sense, we cannot ded-icate, we cannot consecrate, we cannot hallow this ground. The brave men, liv-ing and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it far above our pobr power to add or detract. The world will little note nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here. It is for us, the living, rather to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced. It is rather for us to be here dedicated to the great task remaining before usÑthat from these honored dead we take in- 