SENATOR HOAR ON SUNDAY LEGISLATIONÑA REVIEW 91 to compel the whole population of the State to desist from all secular business, it has no right to do this with reference to Sunday. Sunday Legislation and "the Right to Secure the Quiet of the Night" The laws securing the quiet of the night and prohibiting disturbing noises in the streets are passed, too, with the idea of protecting the rights of men. Men have the right to sleep, and to be in their homes free from disturbances. But because a man has the right to sleep and to be secure from disturbances, he cannot require that everybody else shall be made to sleep under penalty of fine and imprisonment. Certainly if there is a time when nature and reason require that men should not be disturbed, and therefore a time when there may be some reason in legal prohibition of dis-turbances, it is at night. This is the only sabbath that 'nature has appointed for human beings, and if the law has any-thing to do with protecting sabbaths this is the one that it should protect.. But strange to say, notwithstanding the fact that all manner of business is carried on at night, the trains run and the whistles blow, and in the cities the night is almost as noisy as the day, there is no demand for any such legislation with regard to the night as that which applies to Sun-day. If men should demand legislation prohibiting such "disturbances" in the dead of the night as are prohibited in the broad daylight of Sunday when peo-ple are supposed to be awake and doing something, they would be laughed at. . The man who, imitating the example of Sunday enforcement advocates, pretend-ed that he was not protected in his right to rest at night because all the industry in the. State was not completely prohibit-ed, would be regarded as unsound of  mind, and yet he would be far more in accord with the dictates of nature and of reason than are those who insist that the right to rest on Sunday requires a law proscribing the right to work on that day. Sunday Legislation and "the Mental and Bodily Health of Men and Women" With reference to another point in this "civic basis" argument, we will say that we do not believe that experience has demonstrated that a rest from labor of one day in seven is essential for the mental and bodily health of men and women in general. But even conceding that it has, we can see no justification in this fact for enforced idleness on Sunday. Is it the business of the legislature to en-force the practise of everything that ex-perience has shown to be essential to mental and bodily health? It is es-sential to mental and bodily health that men and women take so much nourish-ment daily, that they have so many hours sleep, that they bathe at frequent intervals, and do many other things, but is it the right of the legislature to pre-scribe these things and to fine and im-prison all persons who fail to conform to its prescription? Whatever may be the physical benefits of one day's rest in seven, and we have no doubt that there is some benefit, especially for those who have failed to obey the laws of nature during the week by working when they should have been resting and by being awake when they should have been asleep, there is one thing that experience has abun-dantly demonstrated, and that is that ex-ercise, work, labor, are essential for the mental and bodily health of men and women in general. From this there will be no dissent. Is it therefore the right and the duty of the legislature to compel 