THE RIGHT TO WORK 755 ular interest in the matter to which we have called attention as will of course al-ways be shown in the matter of the right of the individual to freedom to labor as it is involved in the matter of union and non-union labor and as it is related to the great question of capital and labor. But we do expect that those who do give at-tention to the matter of Sunday legisla-tion will see what is involved in it, and will have the same respect and jealously for fundamental principles and inaliena-ble rights in this matter as they have in others. We do expect that intelligent men shall not stand for one thing at one point and for exactly the opposite thing at another point. It is a shame not only to themselves but to society at large that some of its teachers and leaders should be advocating and supporting legislation which proscribes the right to labor while at the same time they cry out with all the feeling of which they are capable when that right is interfered with and denied by others in some other direction. We want all those who do give attention to  the matter of Sunday legislation to know that if labor organizations and society as a whole have no right to interfere with the individual in the exercise of his right to labor when and how he will, so long as he interferes with no right of his fellows in so doing, neither has any organization of citizens nor society at large any right to seek to prevent and to prohibit the in-dividual from exercising his right to la-bor on Sunday, or any other day, so long as in so doing he interferes with no right of his fellows. We want it to be known and recognized that the right Łto work is as fundamental and inalienable in the one case as in the other, and that an inter-ference with it is as inexcusable and in-defensible in the one case as in the other. If the right to work lies at the basis of civil liberty and is one of the most fun-damental and essential rights in civilized society, and we see no reason to ques-tion this, then Sunday legislation strikes at the very foundation of civil liberty and should be proscribed and outlawed in civ-ilized society. The completion of the formation of two more great "trusts" or combines has recently been reported. One is a great shipping combine known as the Interna-tional Mercantile Marine Company. In-cluded in the combination are six trans-Atlantic steamship lines. Its capital is $120,00o,000. The combination is under the control of Mr. J. Pierpont Morgan. The other combination is a gigantic "food trust that will affect every family in the nation," and which "includes every liv-ing thing that walks, flies or swims." It embraces the great meat-packing con-cerns of the country, and is known as the United States Packing Company, or in popular parlance, as the "Beef Trust." Its capitalization is to be fixed at $3oo,-000,000, and in point of capitalization  is said to be "the biggest corporation in the world." Its earnings will be "almost beyond comprehension." Financiers es-timate that from 20 to 3o per cent. will be realized annually on the capital in-vested. The combination will not only "take in every stock-yard in the country, and all the collateral business, such as selling agencies, car lines, and the by-product companies," but will "build, pur-chase or establish markets and butcher shops, and deal in all kinds of meat, poul-try, game and fish and other things inci-dent to the meat and poultry or fish trade." This means that "the new com-bine may operate butcher shops, and practically grocery stores, in every city, town and village in the United States." 