88 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY in like manner resign their pretended dignity; and also in case either of resignation, of death, or in any other, when my resignation may give peace to the Church of God, and extirpate the present schism.ŠBower. This form of resignation Pope John read the next day to the full council, and when, in the reading, he reached the words, " I vow, and swear," he rose from his throne and knelt before the altar, and, laying his hand upon his breast, said : " I promise thus to observe it." Then he resumed his seat upon the throne. The emperor laid off his crown, prostrated himself before John XXIII., ." kissed his foot, and thanked him in the name of the whole council for his good resolutions. At the same time the coun-cil, the princes who were present, and the ambassadors of those who were ab-sent, engaged to support him, to the ut-most of their power, against his two com-petitors, if they followed not his ex-ample."ŠId. But it was very soon made plain to all that John had no intention whatever of resigning the papacy. For, when the em-peror and the assembly requested him to carry out the agreement, he asked that it be put off awhile. When they insisted, then, by means of the duke of Austria, who was his ally, he fled to Schaff-hausen. From there he wrote, the even-ing of the same day, and sent to the em-peror a letter, asking him to excuse his flight, in which he addressed the em-peror, saying : My dear son, by the grace of Almighty God, I am arrived at Schaffhausen, where I enjoy my liberty, and air that agrees with my con-stitution. I came hither, unknown to my son, the duke of Austria, not to be exempted from keeping the promise I have made to abdicate for the peace of the holy Church of God, but, on the contrary, to do it freely, and without endangering my health.Š/d. John's purpose in all this was to break up the council, because he supposed that, in the absence of the pope, the council  would dissolve. But in this his calcula-tions failed. The emperor Sigismund, attended by the marshal of the empire, rode through the city, with trumpets sounding before him, proclaiming that the council was not dissolved by the flight of the pope, but that he would de-fend the council to the last drop of his blood. The chancellor of the University of Paris presented an argument before the emperor and the assembly of the nations, to prove " that a general coun-cil is superior to the pope, and that its determinations hold good whether the pope be present or absent, whether he ap-prove or disapprove of them." Accord-ingly, the council met in regular session and adopted the following articles : I. That the council had been lawfully as-sembled in the city of Constance. II. That it was not dissolved by the with-drawing of the pope and the cardinals. III. That it should not be dissolved till the schism was removed and the Church reformed in its head and members. IV. That the bishops should not depart, without a just cause approved by the deputies of the nation, till the council was ended; and if they obtained leave of the council to depart, they should appoint others to vote for them as their deputies or proxies.ŠId. The cardinals who were with John now returned to the council. The em-peror discovered that the duke of Austria had aided John in his flight, and there-fore put the duke under the ban of the empire, and sent troops to invade his dominions. Upon learning of this John forsook Schaffhausen and fled to Lauf-fenberg. In his note to the emperor John had declared that it was not from fear that he had left Constance. At Lauf fen-berg he secured a notary, and, in the presence of witnesses, certified that everything he had agreed to at Constance was because of his fear, and that his pledges there being made under duress, he was not obliged to keep his oath. The council met again in regular ses- 