112  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY books. The Sunday laws of New York, as were those of other States, were enacted for no other purpose than to recognize "Sunday as a holy day of re-ligion," and any one who will read any of these laws can see that this is the case. If the prospect of the enactment of a law recognizing Sunday as a holy day of religion calls for protest and warning, why should not the presence and exist-ence of such a law call, even more ur-gently, for the same thing? "Civic Righteousness" as Some People See It Many people who have long pro-claimed the gospel of "civic righteous-ness" are now wringing their hands in anguish over the new reform administra-tion in New York City, which gives good promise of remedying many of the worst abuses of the Tammany regime. These people who have professed to be such devoted friends of "good govern-ment" are now intimating that Tammany with all its abuses was to be preferred to the new administration. And why is this thus ?ÑIt is proposed by the hew administration to remove some of the legal supports of the Sunday sabbath. This is declared by some of the friends of "civic righteousness" to be "a crime of more shocking magnitude than words can express," and "dreadful even to con-template." And why is this so shocking and so dreadful? True, in this instance it means the legal opening of saloons at certain hours when they are now sup-posed to be closed. But it is not con-tended by those who are so distressed over this matter that the drunkenness and misery of the city will be increased beyond what it is at present by the re-peal of the Sunday excise law. At least this is not the point concerning which  they display the greatest anxiety. They are shocked at the prospect of "a legal-ized violation of one of God's command-ments," and are even apprehensive that "the dethronement of Tammany's rulers means the upheaval of Mount Sinai." Rather than that such a catastrophe should ensue it is declared that it would have been "better a thousand times to have Tammany remain" in power, for if what is proposed is carried out, "our victory at the polls was the worst defeat good government every experienced." This is interesting and important as demonstrating the real value and the real purpose of much of the so-called "civic righteousness" propaganda which is now becoming quite popular with cer-tain religious elements. In this instance it is plain that Sunday enforcement is the touchstone of good government. An administration may bear every mark of honesty, and may give every promise of working genuine civic reforms, but if it proposes in the slightest degree to de-prive the Sunday sabbath of its legal supports, then all its virtues count for naught, and the most corrupt and crim-inal of administrations is to be preferred. Better to have Tammany and the Sun-day laws than to have an honest govern-ment which refuses to countenance the hypocrisy of a religious statute which, while pretending to be in the interests of temperance, is admitted by its sup-porters to accomplish nothing whatever in that direction. These alleged friends of good government know perfectly well that this law makes practically no dif-ference whatever in the sale of liquor, but they prefer to have a law that ac-complishes nothing in the direction in which it is pretended to accomplish something, rather than not to have the law at all. And why is this ? Ah, the 