314 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY cident of some years ago at Kiao-Chau. Our correspondent at Rome reports a be-lief among the informed that the Emperor is planning to use the power of the Roman Catholic Church for the creation of a great colonial empire in Africa and Asia. It would not be in the least surprising if that were true, and if the Emperor's visit to the Vatican had been designed to fur-ther that aim. There might be some apparent incon-gruity in the playing of such a part by a Protestant power. Yet Germany is a Catholic as well as a Protestant power. As king of Prussia the Emperor main-tains diplomatic relations with the Vat- ican, and the Roman Catholic Church has political recognition in his empire. German influence is now paramount in Palestine and Syria, and is very great in China, in Africa and in the islands of the sea. There is little doubt that the " mailed fist " would be highly effective for the protection of missions in all heathen lands, and there is reason to sup-pose that recognition of such champion-ship by the Vatican would be of material service to Germany in her schemes of co-lonial expansion. It seems to be a case in which mutual advantage is involved, and that is a circumstance that points toward fulfilment of design. The Philadelphia Decision Again WE present herewith that portion of Police Magistrate James E. Gor-man's decision in the Philadelphia Sun-day-law cases that was omitted in the report published four weeks ago. It deals with Ex-Judge Gordon's contention that the Sunday law, because of its religious character, is in conflict with that sec-tion of the Pennsylvania Bill of Rights which guarantees freedom of worship and liberty of conscience, and therefore un-constitutional. The quotations presented in this portion of the decision add to its interest. In order to read the following in its proper connection, get the report given in THE SENTINEL Of April 16 and insert this at the point where the omis-sion is made on page 248: I am free to say if no judicial construction had been placed upon the act by the Supreme Court and Court of Quarter Sessions I would have considered 'the reasoning and logic of the argument of defendants' counsel so convincing as to be unanswerable,' and would have adopted it as my opinion and judgment upon the law governing the cases before me. This act, per-haps more than any other, has inspired deeper research and more extended, if not always uniform nad harmonious, exposition thereof on  the part of the judges than any other. I have, however, examined all the cases passed upon receiving judicial construction, and am bound to decide these cases in consonance with the law as laid down by the Supreme Court. It may be pertinent to add, however, that the reasons given by different judges for reaching the sante conclusion in upholding the constitu-tionality of the act were radically different in principle and in application. For instance, in the case of Specht vs. Com-monwealth, Justice Bell, who delivered the opinion, supported the judgment of the court that the act was constitutional upon the prin-ciple that the act was passed only to afford society a day of rest, and not as an observance of a religious sentiment or a prohibition of the profanation of the Lord's day ; while Judge Coulter, who concurred in the judgment of the court, dissented from the grounds assumed in the opinion, and held the act constitutional because it guarded the Christian Sabbath from profanation and prohibited work or worldly employment on the Lord's day, and not because of the mere usefulness of the day as a day of Ł rest and cessation from worldly labor. In considering the contention of the defend-ants that the act is unconstitutional because it contravenes Section 3 of Article I of the Bill of Rights, heretofore fully set forth, I might dismiss the subject by referring to Common-wealth vs. Wolf, 3 S. & R., 48, and Specht vs. Commonwealth, 8 Barr, 312, in both of which 