638 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY each. They announced that they would appeal the cases.ŠThree arrests " for Sunday-law violations " by liquor selling were reported from Beaumont, Texas, on August 3o. Two days later one of the arrested persons " was fined a total of $57."ŠFive saloonmen were arrested in Dayton, Ohio, on August 23 " for vio-lating the Sunday ordinance."ŠThe Ma-con (Ga.) Telegraph of August 31 re-ported that " Mr. Louis Vannucci of the Lee Hall Club is docketed at the police station to appear before the recorder on a charge of violating the Sunday ordi-nance in the sale of whiskey."ŠIt was recently reported from Spring Valley, Wis., that " the village is all torn up over an attempt to enforce the Sunday clos-ing of the saloons." One saloonman had been " fined the limit."ŠIn harmony  with the counsel often given by Sunday-enforcement advocates certain parties in Rome, Ga., have been in the habit of buying their beer and liquor for Sunday consumption on Friday or Saturday. They have also been in the habit of leav-ing it in cold storage at the ice house until desired on Sunday. Recently a negro who was sent to obtain a keg of beer thus stored was " arrested by the police on the charge of violating the Sun-day law." At his trial the recorder " held that there was no law against removing beer which had been purchased on any other day [than Sunday]." It is said that " it is probable that the city council will pass an ordinance prohibiting the re-moval of beer from the ice house on Sundays." A correspondent who seems to be much disturbed over the opening of barber shops and the sale of liquor on Sunday, and who says he writes " because I love God and my neighbor as myself and want to be governed by the Golden Rule in what I do," sends a communication to the Davenport (Iowa) Times in which he says : " If people can do their shop-ping in other lines six days in seven, why not get shaved or get their rum on Fri-day or Saturday to last over Sunday, and by so doing honor our laws." It is not the lessening of liquor drinking, but the hon-oring of the Sunday law and thereby the Sunday institution that is the object of the religious people who are disturbed by Sunday liquor selling. This correspond-ent says with regard to the barber shops that " here is a chance for all the churches to show their colors by supporting the man or shop that will close on Sunday, and staying away from the shop that don't close." He thinks Davenport will be " all right if, like Nineveh of old, she repents and obeys the laws of our State like other towns, but if not, she  will soon be like Sodom." Some people seem to have no other standard for de-termining moral values than that of the Sunday institution ; if it is observed, everything is all right ; if it is not ob-served strictly, everything is all wrong. The fact is that so far from being the standard of all morality, the Sunday in-stitution is no standard of morality what-ever. In itself the observance or non-observance of Sunday has no moral value, for Sunday observance is not a moral re-quirement. It was reported from St. Paul, Minn., recently that " the Western Passenger Association is receiving numerous com-plaints from churches, clergymen and or-ganized bodies affiliated with the churches, against Sunday excursions to the larger cities in Western territory." Individual passenger officials " are also receiving similar complaints." The general grounds of complaint are stated in the language of one complaint which says " These excursions cultivate a disregard for the Sabbath, virtually approve its desecration, bring thousands of people into the cities on 