EDITORIAL NOT E AND COMMENT 85 Americans themselves who make their residence here should accommodate themselves to this law, without any temporal or spiritual injury resulting to them from it ; because, privately they could profess the religion which their Ł conscience dictates to them to be the true one. The English in Malta do this, where the Catholic religion flourishes; and although the island is very small, there are more than 2,000 Italian priests there, better satisfied and con-tent to live under the English govern-ment than under the Italian govern-ment. The other difficulty against the Catho-olicism of the Filipinos arises from the Filipino rebels themselves, who in their congress at Malolos proclaimed liberty of religions and separation of church and state. Why, then, should not this religious liberty be granted to the Fili-pinos if they themselves demand it? We answer they also ask for indepen-dence. Will the Americans therefore give it to them ? The majority of the Philippine insurgents were addicted to Masonry. They had agreed a long time ago to work for the expulsion of the friars, and, drunken with the wine of liberty, they asked also for all liberties, including religious freedom. These revolutionists, who have abjured Catho-licism, how many are they? They do not exceed two dozen. For them the law of religious liberty is unnecessary, because they do not profess any. The Filipino peopleŠthat is to say, the 6,500,000 Catholics inscribed in the pa-rochial registersŠthese do not ask for nor want religious liberty nor the separation of church and state ; these are content with their Catholicism, and they do not desire anything more, nor would they suffer this government to overthrow the Catholic unity. This we have heard from qualified and accred-ited defenders of Philippine independ-ence, who even deny that the Malolos platform was the true expression of the will of that congress ; that, on the con-trary, it was far from being the total and proper representation of the Fili-pino people. This people have a horror of heresies and of all religious disturbances. Whoever should intro-duce them would commit an offense. Therefore it is demonstrated that re-ligious liberty in the Philippines is not only not advisable but adverse to the public peace. In conclusion, if it be said that as regards the state of religion in the Philippines there are points of public interest which demand some reform, we shall not deny it; but the church has the desire and the means to remedy these supposed or recognized evils. If by chance she does not remedy them because she is ignorant of them, then any one interested may make them known, and the government of the country sooner than anybody else. On the other hand this has nothing to do with religious liberty. And this is published by one of the most liberal of Roman Catholic orders in the leading city of America, the land of religious liberty, in the year 19041 We shall make no comment upon it more than to say that it is a pro-nouncement fit for the Dark Ages and thoroughly representative of the Roman Catholic Church, and that it shows what the policy and attitude of that church is and has been and will be with respect to the putting into effect of the principle of separation of church and state in the Philippines. She has fought that all along, and she will continue to fight it. We have collected during the past year and longer a large num-ber of clippings from Roman Catholic publications and other sources bearing on this matter, and should be glad if the substance of them could be, as it has been our intention should be, pre-sented to the readers of The Sentinel. One of the important points has been the decided enmity of the Catholic Church to the administration of Gover-nor Taft because of his integrity in the matter of separating church and state and refusing to yield to the wishes and demands of that church in the matter. Persistent denunciation of Governor Taft in this matter has been carried on 