EDITORIAL 171 service, when the stores are open but a part of the day, appeal is made at once to the legislature, but with regard to the "slavery" of fourteen and sixteen hours work daily, which is a hardship with which that of Sunday opening cannot be compared, the education of the people to "daylight" purchasing is considered to be the proper and sufficient method of alleviation. If there is any reason why there should be a law closing a I stores on Sundays in behalf of the clerks, there is far greater reason why there should be a law allowing stores to be open only ten hours a day. The clerks understand the situation, however. They know that back of the demand for Sunday-closing legislation they have the support of the churches and religious in-terests, which they would not have for a law closing stores in the evenings. The Chicago Tribune thus comments on this movement : There are two great difficulties with which the retail clerks will have to contend. The first is an almost inevitable clashing of their interests with those of certain other people. It is true that the clerks ought not to have to work in the evening. It is also true that a great many families, particularly those in which father, mother, and children all work, find it extremely difficult to do any shopping at any other time. In the second place, the Łassociation begins to show an ambition to secure "legal enactments." It will be better policy to stick to the plan of "educating the masses to 'daylight' purchasing." More can be done in that way than by bringing pressure to bear on the legislature and getting laws which are in advance of public opinion. A steady agitation, conducted soberly and con-servatively, will have great results. The peo-ple, and not the legislators, should be brought to an understanding of the question. These are wise observations. The clerks should remember that other peo-ple have rights as well as themselves, and before they demand a law making it  a crime for anything to be bought or sold on Sunday, they should endeavor to see if there is not some more just and reasonable way of securing Sunday rest for themselves. If the education of the masses is a good plan for obviating the evil of long hours during week days, it is a far more fitting and appropriate plan to pursue in dealing with the matter of Sunday trading. Commenting on the press dispatches announcing that "the Pope would like an American embassy," the Christian Work says : Of course he would: he has wanted it for years and years: Pius IX. wanted it, and Pope Leo XIII. wants it. But it is not to be. The United States holds diplomatic relations with political powers only; the very letter of our Constitution and the spirit of our people are against any mixing up of Government with religious affairs. The Pope has no tem-porality; no territory which he governs, and our Government has no more to do with his palace court than with the Archbishop of Canterbury or the Alcalde of Yucatan. If the American Government had in recent years adhered to the letter of its Constitution with regard to the "mixing up of Government with religious af-fairs," and had had no more to do with the Papacy than it has had to do with the Archbishop of Canterbury or the Al-calde of Yucatan, we could see more force in the declaration of the Christian Work and several other leading periodi-cals that an American embassy at the Vatican "is not to be." Within the last ten years Congress has twice legislated on the matter of Sunday observance, and any one who will read the debate which occurred in the Senate in the summer of 1892 on the Sunday closing amendment to the World's Fair appropriation bill, will see that there was some mixing up of Government with religious affairs. 