772 THE SENTINEL OF may work never so quietly and others never so publicly, but it will always be his labor that is most disturbing to the peace. And since he does not ob-serve the legal day, from midnight to midnight, but the Biblical day, from sundown to sundown, there is another way by which he may be deprived, by those who will attend to this matter, of the benefit of the so-called exemption. As has been done before now, not-withstanding he observes the seventh day of the week, it will be held that he does not observe it since he attends to work and business on Saturday evenings. A committee hearing will no doubt be held on this bill before long. We shall report it promptly in The Sentinel, and also report promptly any developments that may occur in the meantime. We do not know whether, as was the case at the last session of Congress, a similar bill was at about the same time introduced in the Senate. In our issue of No-vember 12 we re-ported that Mr. Tom C. Hege, a Seventh-day Adventist who keeps, or kept, a repair and curiosity shop in Winston, N. C., was on Novem-ber 2 placed in jail for failure to pay a fine that had been imposed upon him for Sunday sellingŠfor selling water-melons, we reported, but it now appears to have been tomatoes. The sentence which brought his imprisonment was more serious than we had thought, but to its credit public sentiment did not permit its execution. This article re- . garding the matter appeared in the Union Republican, the leading newspaper of Winston, on November 5: Tom Hege, and everybody.  knows Tom, harmless, inoffensive, peculiar, conscientious, doing what good he can, and without an enemy, was committed to jail Monday night. The charge  CHRISTIAN LIBERTY against him was keeping his place of business open on Sunday, and refus-ing to pay fines and costs aggregating some $7.40. Mayor Eaton sentenced him to the county roads for thirty days, and pending removal to the roads had Tom incarcerated, and the penalty would no doubt have been exacted, but public sentiment was against the act, and Tom was released Tuesday morn-ing. Tom is a Seventh-day Adventist and believes in working six days and resting the seventh. This he claims the Bible teaches (none will deny it), and he observes what he believes to the let-ter. If all men would do the same there would be no need of mayors' courts, jails, court-houses, or a country road force. For opinions' sake as well as religious convictions many a man has suffered imprisonment and martyrdom at the stake, for the seed of our churches was the blood of their martyrs, and Tom is to be admired rather than condemned. He accepted the edict meekly and without the spirit of resent-ment. The affair created considerable interest, and while some questioned Tom's transgression of the Sunday or-dinance, yet a principle was involved, and the upholding of honest convic- Ł tions, regardless of the consequences, is a spirit to be admired and will ever be by all conservative, thinking human-ity. The fine would have been paid a dozen times, if necessary, -but that was not the question. The authorities con-sidered the matter from a temporal or legal standpoint, and that the ordinance against doing business on Sunday was effective alike to Jew, Greek, and Gen-tile; that if one took exception all had the same right, and that the law is no _ respecter of persons; that the constitu-tional birthright to worship God as con-science dictates was not at stake, and that Tom or any other man could serve Him seven days a week if he so desired, so long as he did not trespass upon the ordinance generally accepted and approved by a community. But herein is the weak point of the city administration. Street-cars are allowed to run, livery stables to do business, railroads-  to operate, postoffice to be kept open, a Sunday paper issued, etc., while special privilege is granted the The Tom liege Case Again Ł 