5ellgilmeil Cr _CifiELSTMIN ,isazair Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States devoted to the exposition and defense of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of Church and State. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matter at the Nem York Post-office. We believe in the religion taught and lived by-Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right (2) any human authority to invade and violate these Inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be ourduty,and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERITS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Single copy, per year...:....$1.00 " six months  .5o " " three months   .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.25 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .7o Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL. OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Order, or Dr by Bank aft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. Address all communicatiJA6 of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th Street, New York City A POSTAL request will bring you a copy of the index for the 1902 SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. ONE of the best friends which THE SEN-TINEL has writes us as follows: "I am very glad that THE SENTINEL has been changed from a monthly to a weekly. It was too long to wait a whole month for its wholesome reading." Ł ONE good way to show your appreciation of THE SENTINEL iS to get some one else to be-come a permanent reader. Sample copies will be furnished upon application to any one who is willing to try to obtain some new subscrip-tions. THE article entitled, " Is the Government an Adjunct of the ' Reform Bureau '?" found on page 39 of the issue of Jan. 15, will bear a second reading. Then after you have read it see what you can do to place the SENTINEL in the hands of others so they will learn the true principles of religious liberty, and what the " Reform Bureau " is really doing. DID YOU GET YOUR CLUB? AFTER last mailing day ten copies of THE SENTINEL were returned to us from the post-office. These evidently were in a club which in some way got broken open and separated from its wrapper. If the one who did not receive his SENTINEL'S dated Jan. 22, 1903, will drop us a line we will take pleasure in forwarding the copies. Nandelln,Goltar, Banjo and Zither Players. Send ten cents silver for a sample copy of THE CADENZA, Monthly Music Magazine. Each issue contains new music worth 60 cents alone. Send to day. C. L. PARTIN Masco Co., 5 E. 14th St., N. Y. city. VIOLIN 