fogavuneil OF CERIIASTM Lazzirt Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States devoted to the exposition and defense of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not Ł periodical of abstractions and speculation; it dis-cusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matter at the New York Post-office. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe is temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil government to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the Privilege, of every individual to worship God according to the dictates of his own con-science, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty, and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of lib-erty, which is theirs by virtue of the un-bounded wisdom and beneftcence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Single copy, per year  $1.00 six months  .50 " three months  .25 To foreign countries in Postal'Union, one year  1.50 '-- """" CLUBBING RATE.. r--- 7.-_--  Pr- Š77:-  Pra ...,, per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .7o Club rate for three and six months iu proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the periodical need have no fears that they will be asked to pay forit. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be carefulito:writel all! names of persons and places plainly.; *ay .men Remit by P. 0. Money Order. Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payabletto Pacific Press Publishing Company. Postage Stamps in small quantities, and any kind of good money will be accepted. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the periodical, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., II West 20th St., New York. AN index for the volume of THE SENTINEL that closed with the last number can he had by all who apply for it. ATTENTION is called to our combination of-fers found elsewhere in this issue. These of-fers will be great money-savers to all whose subscriptions expire at this season of the year. However, these offers are not limited to those whose subscriptions expire soon, but any one may take advantage of them. THE bound volume of the 1902 SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY IS now ready. This volume contains the first thirteen numbers of THE SENTINEL in magazine form; is bound in black cloth, with gilt stamp on the back. Sent pre-paid for $2.00. The edition will not be large. Orders should be placed at once with our office. A YEARLY subscription to a high-class journal always makes an acceptable present. You can renew your subscriptions to THE SENTINEL and send the other periodicals mentioned in our combination offers to any individuals whom you may choose. To get the benefit of these offers all the journals do not have to be sent to the same person. Ł I have been a reader of THE SENTINEL since its beginning, and never have I appreciated it as highly as I do now. I am hungry all the time for the next time. J. M. ELLIS. CHOICE SELECTED WINTER APPLES of all the leading sorts and best keepers fur-nished by the barrel or in car lots. Write for prices. F. E. GILBERT, Erie, Pa. 