LEGAL SUNDAY OBSERVANCE IN FLORIDA 285 I I observe, or complaint is made to me by those who know, and the facts bear them. out upon investigation, I will make arrests wherever .actual violations of the law, as above noted, are taking place. . . . The notice states that " the mere play-ing of baseball for fun and exercise, there being no admission charged or other con-sideration involved, will not be regarded as a violation of law." On the same day that the sheriff's " manifesto " appeared there was published Ł an opinion on the subject that had been prepared at the re-quest of a client by Maj. Alexander St. Clair-Abrams, a very able and prominent Florida attorney. A portion of this opin-ion read as follows : The constitutions of the United States and of the State of Florida guarantee to the people the right to assemble anywhere, at any time, and on any day. In England an " unlawful assemblage " has been construed to mean an assemblage of persons with intent to commit some unlawful act or acts. In this State there is no such thing as an " unlawful assemblage," since the right to assemble cannot be impaired or restricted in any way. The individuals thus assembling may by riot, tumult or other breach of the peace subject themselves to arrest, but neither the sheriff nor any other person has the right to arrest any individual in any gath-ering of the people merely because he or any other officer concludes that the purpose of such assemblage is unlawful. . . . The right to assemble is not confined to any particular day in the week or year, but is as much vested on Sunday as on any other day in the week. The position taken by Mr. Dodge [the citizen who had demanded that the sheriff stop the Sunday racing and assemblage] that the sher-iff of this county has a right to arrest men without warrant because the sheriff or Mr. Dodge concludes that they are violating or in-tend to violate the law, is directly in conflict with the declaration of rights of the constitu-tion of this State; and it does not matter that those rights have been violated in the past, they are none the less guaranteed, and the sheriff of this county possesses no more authority to arrest persons without a warrant than Mr. Dodge himself. If the sheriff can assert the judicial authority of declaring an assemblage unlawful where a number of per-sons gather to witness the riding of bicycles,  he can with equal right declare an assemblage of persons in a church on Sunday unlawful, and proceed to disperse it or to arrest the per-sons so assembled. Such an idea cannot be tolerated for a moment. We are persuaded that the position here taken is good law. It is a fact that nearly all Sunday enforcement calls for the as-sumption of judicial authority by execu-tive officials. "As regards bicycle racing on Sunday," Mr. St. Clair-Abrams says that he knows of " no law which prevents any persons from riding bicycles within an inclosure any more than I know of any law which prevents the same persons from riding bicycles on the public streets on that day." In his opinion " there is noth-ing in our laws to prohibit anything of the kind," " even where a price for ad-mission is charged," and he believes " the courts will sustain this view of the mat-ter." He says that " Sunday is the only day on which thousands of persons can obtain any recreation whatever," and that "to deprive these persons of this oppor-tunity for recreation was never, in my opinion, the intention of the laws, and any construction that they were intended to prevent this is a perversion of the purpose of the legislative body which enacted them." He declares that he has " very little patience with the Puritanism which ' hangs a cat on Monday for killing a rat on Sunday,' or which in its construction of statutes, designed purely for police regulation, perverts their clear intention, and, in effect, seeks to compel people to a rigid observance of the religious and ecclesiastical doctrines of some particular church." 116 " never attends baseball playing or bicycle riding on Sunday, or, for that matter, on any other day," but he " cannot see wherein those who attend them should be stigmatized as participants in an ' unlawful assemblage,' or wherein the playing of baseball or the riding of bicycles in an inclosure can be construed to be a crime." He concluded by express- 