EDITORIAL  517 now a situation grave enough to demand the proposed legislation." "Without any law," said they, "the people of the Dis-trict of Columbia respect the Sabbath day, and do not engage in their voca-tions, except in a few instances which seem to be in accord with public senti-ment, such as the opening of tobacco store s, florist establishments, news stands, apothecaries, etc." They con-cluded that "that condition of affairs is preferable which secures such a credit-able state of affairs without punitive leg-islation." About this time a meeting of Hebrew merchants protested against the bills, and sent a committee to visit the Commissioners regarding them. At this juncture the "Rev. Lucien Clark, representing the Methodist Preachers' Meeting," requested a public hearing at which those whom he repre-sented, and "the representatives of other ministerial bodies," could "present the case to the Commissioners." This hear-ing was set for May 27, and as it was announced several days in advance others interested in the matter were also able to be present and to speak on the subject. We had hoped to give quite a complete report of this hearing, but are unable¥ to do so. Among those who spoke in favor of the bills were : Mr. James A. Hoffman, of the Retail Butchers' Association ; Rev. Lucien Clark, for the Methodist ministers; Mr. Geo. B. Squires, of the Retail Clerks' Association ; and Mr. A. A. Wingfield, of the Retail Grocers' Association. Three other ministers besides Mr. Clark also spoke in favor of the bills. Among those who spoke against the proposed legislation were : Gen. Wm. Birney ; Elder J. S. Washburn, for the Seventh- day Adventists ; Dr. W. A. Croffut, for the Secular League; and Mr. Leon To-briner, for the Orthodox Jews. The Commissioners stated that they  would give careful consideration to all that had been said, and to what might be offered by those who wished to state their views in writing, before framing their report to Congress. But they re-mained of the same opinion still, and re-ported two to one against the bills, which it is thought will dispose of them for the present session of Congress. Among those who addressed the Com-missioners in writing was Mr. Samuel Gompers, who, in behalf of "organized labor" and "the wage-earners of Wash-ington," strongly urged a favorable re-port. Here is an interesting passage from his communication : Some urge that one day of rest in the week, regardless of which day, should be adopted; but inasmuch as Sunday has become the gen-erally recognized and universally established day of rest, little injury, if any, and the great-est amount of good, will result from its gen. eral observance. It is needless to urge you to the advocacy of Sunday rest, that has been so long ingrained in our economic, social and public life that it finds almost unanimous agreement. And while the labor leader was stand-ing firmly for Sunday, the ministers were gallantly performing their part in the matter. Rev. Mr. Clark declared that "we do not want the enforcement of a Sabbath in a religious sense, but we do want the rest-day enforced," and the Rev. Teunis S. Hamlin, being prevented from attending the hearing, wrote : "I should not appear as a Sabbatarian, nor as a' clergyman, nor exclusively as a Christian ; but as myself, a laboring man and a friend of all laborers, whether with hand or brain, to plead for one day of rest each week." It was Mr. Hamlin who, a few months ago, not as a labor-ing man, but as a clergyman and even a "Sabbatarian," preached a vigorous ser-mon on "Sabbath desecration" in Wash-ington, in which he declared among other things that "many guests of our 