478 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY various business places and notified the proprietors that if they continued to do business on Sunday he should have them brought before the court." The move-ment "includes news stands, drug stores, grocery, provision, and fish stores, photo-graph galleries, and in fact every place engaged in business ; the scenic railway, bowling alleys, billiard halls and every other place of amusement must be closed on the Lord's day." The place is a lead-ing summer resort, and it has been cus-tomary for years during the summer months " to keep open the places of business seven days a week." Persons interested declare that " the running of steam and trolley cars is as much of a violation of the old blue laws as selling wares," and that " if the laws are en-forced in part they must be to the letter." " The outcome of the movement is being watched with interest." O A recommendation recently by a com-mittee of the Worcester, Mass., city council in favor of band concerts on Sunday called forth instant and what were no doubt effective protests from some of the clergy and church people. On the morning of July 5 the pastor of Plymouth Church " denounced the sug-gestion that the Worcester city govern-ment should make an appropriation for Sunday band concerts," saying " it would only be the letting in of the thin wedge that ultimately would make Worcester just as bad as Paris or Havana so far as the sanctity of Sunday is concerned." He " caught the sympathy of his congre-gation," and " made an earnest appeal to the men of the church, by every means in their power, to use their influence against such a proposition, and urged the members of the city government in his church to do the same." On the same day the pastor of the Old South Church "roundly denounced Sunday band con-certs as tending to destroy the American Sabbath and letting down the bars for the introduction of the Continental, open Sunday." " The words of the pastor produced such an effect upon the young people of the church that in the evening they drew up this protest, addressed to and to be forwarded to the city council " : The Christian Endeavor Society of .Old South Church do hereby enter this protest against the granting of a license to the Worcester Brass Band, or any other such or-ganization, to hold band concerts on the Lord's Day in the city of Worcester. It was expected that the proposition would be defeated at the meeting of the city council the next evening. A simi-lar proposition was defeated last year " as the result of the protest of the ministerial league." The proposition this time came " after the ministerial league had begun its summer vacation, and there was no opportunity for con-certed action on the part of the clergy." O There was unusual activity on the part of the police in New York on Sunday, July 12, " in seeing that the excise law was observed." There were 162 arrests in all, said to have been " the greatest number of excise arrests on one Sunday in several years." There were 109 arrests on the preceding Sunday.ŠOn July 13 at Long Island City, L. I., two saloonmen were held on $1,000 each for examination on the charge of Sunday selling.ŠTwo saloonmen were fined $47 each at Beau-mont, Texas, on July 6 for selling liquor on the preceding day.ŠAfter nineteen hours' deliberation a jury. at Whatcom, Wash., on June 23 found one Smith guilty on " the charge of selling drinks in his saloon on Sunday." This is said to be the first conviction in that State " for the violation of the Sunday-closing law " against saloons.ŠThree persons connected with an East Wingate, Ohio, saloon were convicted by a jury on June 29 on the charge of violating the Sunday-closing law. The accused were in the 