18 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY IP Take Note of This IN THE SENTINEL last week it was indicated that the controlling tendency in the United States to-day is away from the great truths and principles for which Abraham Lincoln stood, and back to-ward " the hateful paths of despotism " which he abhorred. If any are disposed to question that there is such a tendency let them read closely and reflect upon the editorial given below, which appeared in double-leaded style (indicating that those who put it forth desired to give special emphasis to the idea advanced) at the head of the editorial page of the New York Sun of the 8th instant. Let it be reflected that the Sun is a leading organ of the political party which was born in the struggle to free the negro from industrial and political servitude ; of the party which elected Abraham Lin-coln to the Presidency because he took the stand that the negro was included in the all men " of the Declaration of In- dependence, and that there were no " rea-sons inherent in racial differences " for enslaving him or governing him without his consent ; of the party which in the natural course of things should be the conservator of the principles maintained by Lincoln, and which boasts that to it the negro is indebted for the rights of citizenship. Here is the editorial, which we deem of sufficient importance to present entire : Why Is Negro Suffrage a Failure? A momentous fact which almost every thinking man recognizes in the privacy of his own intelligence was stated with distinctness and courage by Secretary Root at the Union League Club's anniversary banquet. The ex-periment of uplifting the negro to the proper level of American citizenship by means of the ballot, after a trial covering more than the span of a generation, has failed to produce the results expected when the Fourteenth and Fif-teenth amendments were added to the Consti-tution. Why? The explanation indicated rather than elab-orated by Mr. Root is that which seems ob-vious and occurs most readily to the mind, namely, that the admitted failure of negro suffrage is due chiefly, if not solely, to the fact that it has not had a fair trial in those States of the Union where the negro composes the greater part of the population. Most of the Southern States have succeeded indirectly in depriving him of the political rights hastily conferred on him after his emancipation from slavery. At the same time the road of prog-ress toward social equality has been blocked by inveterate prejudice. He has not risen be-cause he has not been permitted by his fellow-citizens to rise. Can honest philosophy go no farther than this easy theory? Ł We at the North, perplexed by no such vital problems of self-preservation as have con-fronted the white citizens of commonwealths fresh from an actual experience of the miser-ies of majority rule by the negro voter, have watched the experiment there with theoretical rather than practical interest. We have been swift to criticise, swift to condemn. Mean-while, how fast and how far has the negro voter at the North risen by the might of the right of suffrage toward the ideal of equal citizenship contemplated by the Constitutional amenders a third of a century ago? Is not the time approaching when that same honest philosophy, seeking the real explanation of the failure of negro suffrage, will penetrate beneath superficial facts and conditions to reasons INHERENT IN RACIAL DIFFER-ENCES, reasons which in the nature of things have been perceived earlier and more clearly in the South than in the North? From such an inquiry passion must be ab-sent, and the cant of interested partisanship and the conventional respect for ideas as-sumed as true at the beginning and long ac-cepted as axiomatic must alike be eliminated. Why has negro suffrage failed? A step toward the answer is made when the fact of failure is frankly admitted by such a Republican as Elihu Root in such a place as the Union League Club of New York City. We have emphasized some of this not only because it should be emphasized, but because we are obliged to do so in lieu of comment for which we have not time nor space at this writing. Let those who read the above think seriously upon 