SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT. 49 results they will open a general Sunday-closing campaign." Pastors of the dif-ferent churches throughout the city and different labor, social, educational and turner organizations will be appealed to for assistance. "We want the clergy-men to preach to the people from the pulpit and to talk to them in their social gatherings," said a member of the Butch-ers and Clerks' Association. "If this is done their churches will be better attend-ed." No appeal has been made to the law thus far, and it is to be hoped that argument and persuasion will be the only means resorted to in the matter. An ordinance has just been enacted by the city council of Oil City, Pa., which reads as follows : "An ordinance to prevent the des-ecration of the Sabbath day, commonly called Sunday : "Section I. Be it enacted and ordained by the City of Oil City in council as-sembled, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the authority of the same, that from and after the passage of this ordinance, no person shall do or perform any worldly employment or business whatsoever, in the City of Oil City, on the Sabbath day, commonly called Sun-day (work of necessity and charity only excepted), nor shall any person use, en-gage in or practice any game, sport or diversion whatsoever, in said city on said day, nor give, hold, or take part in the giving or holding of any entertain-ment or theatrical performance, in said city on said day, whether the same be given free or an admission fee be charged. "Section 2. Any person violating any of the provisions of Section i of this ordinance, shall upon conviction thereof before the mayor or any magistrate of  the said city, be fined not less than $io nor more than $ioo for each and every such violation, together with costs of prosecution, and if said penalty with costs be not paid, said persons so con-victed shall be sentenced to imprison-ment in the county jail or city lockup, for a period not to exceed 3o days." Merchants of Carbondale, Pa., who have been keeping their stores open on Sunday were recently notified by the city authorities that "the laxity of their ob-servance of the law must cease and give way to a religious adherence to the same, or arrests would follow." It is said that Sunday opening has "had the effect of stirring up the indignation and protest of a good number of citizens, among them the clergy of the city, who brought the condition of the Sabbath before the mayor for his action." "Another factor in the movement against the merchants who perpetuate the 'open' Sunday is the Retal Merchants' Protective Association. Umbrage was taken by this organization against certain merchants who appeared to be doing a profitable Sabbath business while their neighbors' doors were closed." The Carbondale Leader says that many families have had to go with-out meat on Sunday, as they had been in the custom of waiting until Sunday morning to get their supply. Some of the butcher shops which remained open Sunday morning for the delivery of meat purchased the night before were warned to "desist from this practice." It is said that those who have instigated this move-ment are keeping a sharp watch, and that stringent measures will be taken against stores that remain open on Sun-day. The Scranton Tribune says that "the laws under which the violators are amenable are the old blue law and a city 