SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT I ° This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way ot Nunday enforcement. Necessarily the b erns in most instances must hen hare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. O The matter of Sunday closing by law continues a prominent feature of local news in St. Paul, Minn., papers. As stated some weeks ago a number of the smaller grocers who have been prosecuted for Sunday opening and selling have decided to have the courts pass upon the constitutionality of the amendment to the Sunday law passed at the last session of the legislature, which prohibits the sale of groceries and merchandise and the opening of stores for that purpose on Sunday, but which permits the sale of tobacco, con-fectionery, drugs, surgical appliances, and meals to be eaten on the premises. and have selected the case of P. G. Hoffman as the test case for this pur-pose. "The records in the case show that Hoffman was arrested on com-plaint of A. H. Garfield [a represen-tative of the retail clerks, association] for violating the Sunday-closing law on August 16 last, in that on that day he offered for sale and did sell a quan-tity of groceries 'not being then and there meals sold to be eaten on the premises where sold, and not being tobacco, fruit or confectionery, sold in a quiet and orderly manner.' " On ap-peal the case was first taken before Judge Hine of the St. Paul municipal court, where "the constitutionality of the law was attacked on two principal grounds : First, that its title is insuf-ficient in failing to express the subject of legislation, and secondly, that it is class legislation, granting exclusive privileges to the excepted businesses over the prohibited ones." Judge Hine rendered a decision on September 23, and upheld the law as constitutional on both points. A week later he sen-tenced Hoffman to pay a fine of $10 or to be imprisoned in the county jail for five days. A temporary write of habeas corpus, setting forth that Hoffman was "illegally and unjustly restrained in the custody of the sheriff for the alleged violation of a law which is in contraven-tion of the State constitution," was at  once obtained from Judge Jaggard of the district court, before whom the matter was argued on September 29. If necessary,. the case is to be carried to the State supreme court. In the meantime Hoffman seems de-termined at whatever cost to exercise what he deems to be, and what cer-tainly should be, his right under the constitution in the matter. On October 5, on a warrant sworn out by "a travel-ing man" who had on the previous day visited his store at Thirteenth and Jackson Sts., and made some purchases for the purpose, he was arrested a third time for selling and keeping open on Sunday. This time he was required to furnish bail to the amount of $25, and on refusing to do so, was "committed to the county jail." One account says he spent "the day" in jail, and another "a few hours." At any rate he was imprisoned until he furnished the re-quired bail. He was tried before Judge Hine on October 8, and "after the proof had been put in the court said he saw a little weakness in the case as presented, and but for that would sentence Hoffman to five days in the county jail." A fine of $10 was im-posed, which was paid. On September 29 five other grocers, Samuel Roysner, Racha el Rosenblum, Henry Cumonow, Chas. C. and Jacob I. Levy, were ar-raigned before Judge Hine on the charge of "violating the Sunday-clos-ing law." The first three were ar-rested on complaint of Carl Oxman, a retail grocer, and the last two on com-plaint of the president of the retail grocery clerks' association. "The pe-culiarity of these cases was that all the defendants and the complainant in three of the cases were of Jewish na-tionality," and "the novel defense was made that Saturday was their Sabbath, and that they should not be forced to close two days in each week." This presented "a rather nice question," as "the law under which the action was brought does not make any exemption 