TIMELY WORDS ON THE SUNDAY-LAW QUESTION ,713 leisure must be secured to each em-ployed person, by state legislation, let such a law be passed as will give to each employed person one day of lei-sure in each week, if such a day of leisure is desired, but let the law se-curing compulsory idleness on any day be abolished. It is now generally taught by relig-ious leaders that the requirements of the Bible and= the religious obligations touching the Sabbath question are all met by the Observance of any one day in the week, the day to be determined by individual choice under the law of Christian liberty. This is an universal claim when men oppose "Saturday ob-servance." If this position be correct it carries with it the corresponding con-clusion that the law of the state has no right to go farther in the matter by enforcing leisure upon a special day. The claim that all men must be com-pelled to remain idle on Sunday in order that those who desire may have the day for rest and worship is as faulty in logic as it is false in fact. For example, devout Jews and devout Chris-tians have observed the seventh day of the week, unprotected by civil law, from the beginning of our history as a nation, as they have, also, in England and elsewhere throughout all time. It is unnecessary, illogical and un-Chris-tian for the civil law to force all men into idleness on Sunday, as required by our existing laws, because some men (they are by no means in the majority) devote that day to religious duties for conscientious reasons. On the other hand, when it is clearly apparent, as it must be to every un-prejudiced observer, that the Sunday question in the United States has reached a point where enforced leisure promotes and supports abounding evils, the question of practical morality, to say nothing of Christianity, compels  to the conclusion we have already sug-gested. Those who uphold Sunday legislation as a direct or indirect aid to religion and to the spiritual improve-ment of the masses are bound to show that idleness on Sunday, under legal compulsion, does promote morality and religion. The question of an idle Sun-day is before the tribunal of experience, of reason, and of Christianity. It is time to recognize the fact that only a small portion of the people Ł of the United States hold Sunday in reverence as a religious institution or employ the leisure of Sunday from the religious standpoint. This is true of those who have wealth, position and leisure on other days, as well as of the masses who have little or no leisure except on Sunday. It is undoubtedly true that the illiterate, the irreligious and the de-praved are injured by compulsory idle-ness on Sunday more than they are benefited by it. It must be recognzed as a fact that when the law calls the average laboring man from his usual honest occupation, and obliges him to pass Sunday in idleness, he is forced into aŁ  series of weekly temptations of a dangerous and degrading kind. This is notably true in large cities, and in all populous places where from the na-ture of the: case there is greatest de-pravity and little or no incentive toward higher living. Because of this fact some men have argued that Chris-tianity was left Sabbathless by its Foun-der in order to avoid the degradation which attends idleness where religious conscience is absent. We do not believe this, but we do believe that the Founder of Christianity taught complete separa-tion of church and state, and refused to recognize anything like the civil con-trol which Sunday laws now bring to bear, in order to present the higher and divine idea of Sabbath-keeping. This line of thought might be con- 