EDITORIAL  111 bath day and keep it holy.' Again, Sab-bath pleasure-seeking is a terrible calam-ity. God requires us to abstain from it in this : 'If thou turn away thy feet from the Sabbath, from doing thy pleasure on my holy day, and call the Sabbath a delightÑnot finding thine own pleasure, or speaking thine own words, then will I feed thee with the heritage of Jacob.' "But for our present purpose, it is ade-quate to say that the principle which ad-mits this Sunday-saloon proposition, if wrought out and extended, would anni-hilate the whole observance of the Sab- bath. Now admit what is assumed to justify the execution of the project, and you justify every and any secular use of the Sabbath day. So the question whether New York shall have Sunday saloons is the question whether New York shall have a Sabbath or not. Let the sacred-ness of that day be trodden down, and the ordinance will be exploded as a day of holy rest, and it will soon cease to be a day of rest at all. And if this Sunday opening induces, as it must, hundreds and thousands to secularize the day, it engages so many to cooperate to rob the people of toil of their day of rest. What then is the direct bearing of this propo-sition for the working people but to blot out for them their day of rest? Mr. Editor and friends interested, so utterly deceptive is this plea of consideration for the 'convenience' of the laboring masses, by tempting them into conflict with their MakerÑinto a surrender of that fear of the Lord Jesus Christ, which is the life of all moral integrity, and leading hundreds and hundreds of them off to dissipation and rowdyism." For the earnest purpose and desire manifested in this communication for the preservation of what the writer believes to be a most important religious observ- ance in which is bound up the religious welfare of society, we can but feel sym-pathy and a certain admiration. But on the other hand, it seems to us a most pitiable thing that in this country any one can be so utterly regardless of the distinction between the sphere of religion and that of civil government as to write such a letter as this. How is it that any one who has any knowledge of the true nature of the Sabbath and of the divine law which commands its observance, can take the position that its sacredness and its observance must be upheld by human law, and that failure to do this "would annihilate the whole observance of the Sabbath," and cause it to "be exploded as a day of holy rest ?" How can people who claim to be so concerned for the Sabbath be so faithless to it and to its divine Author? What greater evidence could there be of "a diminished vital force of the Christian religion in the pub-lic heart" than the announcement on the part of those who are supposed to rep-resent Christianity that it is utterly powerless of itself, and that unless its institutions are maintained by the State they will utterly perish? The New York Tribune sees in the alignment of religious people on one side of the question of Sunday saloons the "danger of the legislature enacting a law recognizing Sunday as a holy day of religion." This reasoning is correct as far as it goes. The situation is that the religious people are not demanding new legislation ; they are opposing a change in laws already enacted. So, in-stead of the attitude of the religious forces in this matter indicating the danger of "a law recognizing Sunday as a holy day of religion," it indicates that there is already such a law on the statute 