THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 615 Christian.. There is no such thing as legal Chris- and before, undermined and honeycombed by secu-tianity with God. The only service that he asks or larizing forces," and are they not working as swiftly can accept is a willing service. The wrath of man and certainly for their own destruction as for the de- can never work the righteousness of God. struction of the Sabbath day itself? Is it not be- cause of the weakened influence and worth of the churches that the people are seeking in the parks COMMON SENSE ON THE SUBJECT OF SABBATH and waterside resorts the rest-and enjoyment which ENFORCEMENT. life is not unreasonably expected by the average Ł Plain Words Spoken by a Canadian Journal. human beings to have in store for them? We can not expe'ct any but the most devout or the most From " Saturday Night," Toronto, Ont. superstitious to continually go to church and ask for THAT good Presbyterian newspaper, the West- bread and be given a stone. The intellectual are minster, is exceedingly and, I am afraid, unduly con- disappointed because they so often find in the pul-cerned with regard to the continued existence of the pit neither zeal, eloquence, nor thoughtfulness, some-Sabbath day in Canada. Last week, in an article times not even piety. The weary are becoming tired enquiring " Is the Sabbath Worth Saving? " it says: of putting on their best clothes and walking through It (the Sabbath) is beset behind and before, under- the hot sun to hear students preach while the pastor " mined and honeycombed by secularizing forces is away to play. The poor shrink from the doors of working ft:4. its complete destruction. If no stand the fashionable edifices and are almost surprised is made, deliberate, unabashed, and unyielding, the when they enter that they are not ejected from the day of rest will be transformed within this genera- soft cushions of the pews. They look at the raiment tion to a day of pleasure and toil. Let there be no of those arrayed in purple and fine linen with eyes mistake about this thing. We raise no alarmist cry. of envy, or turn, shamefaced, from the critical gaze - It is not a question of Sunday cars in Toronto or of those who stare at their worn and faded garments. Hamilton. It is not a local affair at all. It is at bottom a question involving every industry and Those who want peace, naturally enough weary while every community. Mills, factories, and shops in listening to dogma, denunciation, and platitudes every county of Ontario, as well as electric cars in about divine love, which find no counterpart in the every town, and concerts and games at every resort, lives of those among whom they sit. We hear the may, within a decade, demand the services of work- Protestants berating the Catholics, and unfortunately men and attendants if the friends of a rest day for sometimes we hear the Catholics endeavoring to toilers and a worship day for the devout are not prove that there is only one gate into heaven, and vigilant, determined, and strong. . . . Toronto that Peter is there to keep out all but those whose seems of late to be set upon destroying its world- souls have been shrived by priests on earth. They wide reputation for Sabbath quiet. The traffic in soft drinks in the city, the lawlessness on the Island take away from these edifices, dedicated to God, no and the general demoralization of the parks and sound which lasts so long in their ears as the jingle gardens are significant signs of the changed condi- of the coins in the collection-box, and there is no tions." cry which they remember so well as the appeal to I wonder where the editor of the Westminster has them to give, give, give. They hear more about the been spending his Sundays, for if he has witnessed mortgage on the church, the debt, the interest ac-these evidences of degeneracy he has been frequent- count, foreign missions, home missions, and enter-ing places which the ordinary citizen of Toronto tainments at so much per head than they do about either avoids or has not seen. If we hunt for " tough the love of Christ, and more pains are taken to show joints " we can find them in Toronto or in any other them how they can spare a little more of their stipend good-sized town, both on Sundays and week days, than how they can save their souls. and it has always been so, and probably until the It is not so much the secularizing influences of end of the chapter it will not be different. It may those who, for profit, desire to lead people to parks be true that the Sabbath is an .institution that is and pleasure resorts, as the secularizing influences badly " beset by secularizing forces," as the West- within the church itself, which threaten to destroy minster describes, but are not the churches in the the devotional character of the first day of the week. same predicament? Are they not assailed "behind Going to church has become more or less of a busi- 