2 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY while he is resting than they have to say that he shall not rest while they are work-ing. Ł  The fundamental principle, announced 1337 some advocates of Sunday legislation, that a man has the " absolute " and " in-alienable right " " to work when, how and where he pleases," is pretty severe on Sunday legislation and enforcement. Would they have said it had they thought in time ? The power of the " clenched fist " is not the power that was represented by the cloven tongues of fire nineteen centuries ago. The power " which came upon the disciples in days of old " did not send them to legislators with bills and petitions in behalf of social salvation, but sent them to the people with a burning and quicken-ing message of individual salvation. According to a newspaper clipping be-fore us, " there is a curious law that is strictly enforced in Sydney and Mel-bourne [Australia]. It is an enactment prohibiting the driver of any vehicle from passing any church of any denomination at a faster pace than a walk during the recognized hours for Sunday morning and evening service." This law is no more curious than are the laws in the United States which prohibit labor and amusements on the " Lord's day." ' Ł An editorial writer in the Catholic Co-lumbian who seems to have about the same feeling toward the Jews as do the Rumanians, says they will never betake themselves to Palestine, but "will stay in Europe and America and become the greatest of human problems." The American Israelite well retorts to this : "This writer is a priest of a heirarchy which has always persecuted dissenters whenever it had the power. If ever the Jew becomes a problem in the United  States it will be largely due to the efforts of the body to which he belongs. It is working unceasingly to that end." Among the books advertised for the holiday season was one on " The Art of the Vatican," in which it was said by a leading periodical " there is an oppor-tunity for studying some of the most valuable masterpieces by Michael Angelo, Raphael, and others." There is an art of the Vatican of another sort that should not be ignored. It far antedates the mas-terpieces mentioned, and is the real mas-terpiece of the power for which the Vati-can stands. It can be studied both in books and in significant events that are to-day taking place, with some of which the United States is very much con-cerned. "The roots of allŁ  social order or dis-order are in the hearts and consciences of the many individuals who create so-ciety simply by coming together," says the Christian Register. This is true; and since it is true, what better social service can the Christian church render than to dilligently proceed with its high mission of quickening and enlightening the hearts and consciences of individu-als? And is it not true that "the foolish-ness of preaching" is still a better method of reaching the hearts and consciences of individuals than the "civic" methods that are becoming popular with religious leaders at the present time? Ł In response to an inquiry regarding the matter District Attorney Geo. A. Sander-son, on whose motion the appealed case of Mr. W. T. Gibson was dismissed in the superior court at Cambridge, Mass., on November 13, states that after investi-gating the case he " was satisfied that it was not one upon which a jury would be justified in convicting under the stat-utes of Massabhusetts." The champions 