3eailaeil OF afallSTOM Lamm' Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States especially devoted to the maintenance of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. ERADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be ourduty, and nolessthe duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy, per year  $1.00 monthssix .5o ' " three months  .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.50 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .70 Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Money Order or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. ,We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always' indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th Street, New York City Oux stock of sixty-seven Bibles recently advertised is entirely gone, so if you had in mind sending for one it will be no use to do so, as we cannot fill the order. A number of people have been disappointed, one lady wish-ing four. We are sorry, but can't help it. WE have been obliged to print a fourth edition of the "Love of Power and Power of Love" number of THE SENTINEL, and now have a few copies on hand. If any of our readers still wish to use extra copies of that issue, we will be glad to supply them. It would be well to order at once, as we cannot tell how long they will last. DOES the date on your label read " April, 1903," or some particular date in the month of April? If so, please send in your re-newal at once, so that no numbers of THE.  SENTINEL will. be  missed. We cannot agree to furnish back numbers, as we do not print extra copies unless they are ordered in ad-vance. Be on the safe side, so let your renewal reach our office before the close of this month. AGAIN It is necessary to call attention to. the risk of sending coin through the mails, unless in a registered letter. Several instances have come to our notice the last few weeks of letters containing money being sent us, but which have never reached our office. The safest way to send small amounts is to pur-cbase a money-order or an express order. If neither of these is obtainable, register the letter. Do not send coin or bills through the common mails. Mandollo,Galtar, Banjo end Zither Players. Send ten cents silver for a sample copy of THE CADENZA, Monthly Music Magazine. Each issue contains new music worth 50 cents alone. send to day. C. L. PARTS! MUSD/ CO., 5 E. 14th St., N. Y. City, VIOLIN 