SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  717 association and the Federated Trades Council have retained Assemblyman Wm. A. Lord as counsel to aid them in "the fight for Sunday closing." The United Merchants' Protective As-sociation and the Retail Clerks' Protec-tive Association, of Cincinnati, Ohio, are both working for strict Sunday closing in that city. The first organization was just recently formed for "the primary object of testing the Sunday-closing law, and enforcing it if it is constitutional." The clerks' association has caused the arrest of eight persons, some of 'whom are clerks, for Sunday selling. The clerks are charged with performing "common labor on Sunday." Two of the merchants who have been tried were fined $25 and costs each. A 0.'4 As a result of the activity of the re-tail clerks' union in Covington, Ky., a number of grocers, meat dealers and dry goods merchants were recently arraigned in the police court of that city on the charge of Sunday selling. The dry goods merchants were fined, but the grocers and meat dealers were allowed to go on a sus-pended sentence of $10 each, and later were discharged entirely, the justice hold-ing that inasmuch "as the poorer classes could not afford ice in the summer, and consequently had no way to keep meat and vegetables fresh from Saturday to Sunday, the opening of the stores where these things could be had on Sunday morning was a matter of public neces-sity and public safety." According to the Owen Sound (Ont.) Sun, "the great moral question of the day" at that place a few weeks since was, "Shall we have a Sunday boat service to the park." An effort was being made to inaugurate the running of a small  steamer as a ferry boat between the city and the park on Sundays, but this was vigorously opposed by officials of the Lord's Day (Sunday) Alliance, who gave as one reason for their course that the running of the boat "would interfere with the services in the churches." They had induced the local crown attorney to look into the matter, and had also ap-pealed to the authorities at Ottawa, but at last accounts "the great moral ques-tion of the day" had not been settled. From Negaunee, Mich., it was report-ed on September io that the liquor deal-ers of the city "have signed a paper declaring in favor of a rigid prohibition of all manual labor on Sunday, and call-ing on the authorities to enforce the laws." It is proposed "to stop all Sun-day work at the mines, to prevent street-cars from operating, and to close all drug, confectionery, and other stores. Committees have been appointed to col-lect evidence next Sunday." This ac-tion of the saloon-keepers is said to be in retaliation because of the Sunday-en-forcement crusade, especially directed against them, recently begun by the pas-tor of the Methodist church. About a dozen saloon-keepers have been prose-cuted. "From the standpoint of the Lord's Day Alliance," says the Toronto (Ont.) Telegram, "British Columbia is a virtu-ous province." The secretary of this Sunday-enforcement organization re-ports that greater interest is manifested in the work of the organization in Brit-ish Columbia than anywhere else in Can-ada. "The Masonic and Loyal Orange authorities, and the organized labor forces, all strong bodies, have promised their support and hearty cooperation." A movement is on foot to secure amend-ments to the present act "with regard to 