THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 299 .—,......wwwaw,AwawAuauwaiww,. NEWS, NOTES I AND COMMENT *111111111111111TITITTIMITIVIIIIITYYTYYTITIMIITWITTITYMY1Y111111111111* The Sunday-closing movement in York, Pa., to which reference was made in these columns last week, seems to have run its course, leaving matters in about the same condition as before the crusade began, with this difference, however, that owing to the agitation of the question a good many people who had never given the subject any special thought before found out that Sunday as a sacred day is without divine authority. * * At the time of closing the columns of this paper the strike situation not only in this city but generally remained practically unchanged from last week. Street car lines are tied up in St. Louis. Several people have been hurt and one woman was struck upon the head by a brickbat and killed. It is true that this was not done intentionally, for the woman was in no way connected with the strike and was carrying an infant in her arms when struck, but the incident shows the intense feeling there is and to what desperate lengths the strikers are willing to go to carry their point. * * In Kansas City a blanket injunction has been issued by United States District Judge William C. Hook enjoining not only the strikers but a large number of labor leaders from interfering in any way with the run-ning of the cars. The injunction is predicated upon the fact that several of the persons complained against as threatening the interests of the company are residents of other states, and the further fact that the strikers threaten to prevent the company from carrying out its contract with the United States government to trans-port the city mail carriers to and from their routes. The injuncion is made absolute for a week, the matter being set for a hearing on the t9th inst. At a i ecent meeting of the Butchers and Grocers' association in this city, held to consider the question of Sunday closing, it was declared as the unanimous sentiment of those present that the present system of voluntary closing is highly satisfactory in its working, and causes no loss in business to those who practice it. If this is so, as we have no reason to doubt, it shows that there is no necessity for bringing everybody under the compulsion of a Sunday law in order to provide Sunday closing for storekeepers who do not want to keep open on that day. Another meeting is to be held June 5 for the pur- pose of enlisting all the merchants on the South Side in the Sunday closing movement. Some remark has been occasioned by the surprise expressed by Parisian journals at the resolution of the students of Princeton and the United States Athletic Association not to participate in the athletic contests at the Exposition if the sports should be held on Sun-days. President McKinley's reported instructions to Commissioner Peck to close the American exhibit are also said to be "making America and the Americans appear ridiculous in French and continental eyes." To this a secular paper retorts : "Quite likely. Ameri-cans, however, will not lose any sleep over the fact. This country is able to make its will respected in mat-ters that concern itself and has not yet adopted the easy Parisian and Continental ideas as to Sunday ob-servance. In matters of conscience and religion the United States refuses to accept as its standard the ideas of a nation whose president, as in the case of the late M. Faure, thinks it consistent with his dignity and with the due observance of religion to go hunting on Sunday." * * * It is probable that Europeans will not be able to see much difference between actually going hunting on Sunday and starting on fishing tours and other pleasure excursions, as at least one of the presidents of the United States did several times not very many years ago. However, this he had a perfect right to do so far as any moral principle is concerned, since, "where there is no law there is no transgression ;" and there is certainly no divine law against either fishing or hunt-ing on Sunday any more than on any other day. * * * The trouble in the whole question is in not leaving the matter of Sunday observance to the individual con-science. The people of France know very well that the divine Sabbath law is not the standard of Sunday keeping in the United States. They also know that from the standpoint of that law neither the United States nor any American state is consistent in its Sun-day keeping or in the Sunday keeping that it requires of individuals, since all such laws permit many things on Sunday that the divine law forbids on the Sabbath ; and it requires more wisdom than the average Parisian seems to possess to understand why, if one is going to depart from the fourth commandment at all, he may not as well depart from it wholly as in part. * * * We think, however, that the facts are not correctly stated. It is not so much the refusal of the students to participate in the French games on Sunday that excites European derision as it is the effort of Americans to appear more pious than they really are. 