. . EDITORIAL headquarters in Chicago, is endeavoring to prevent the passage of the Sunday closing measure that is. being pushed by the Illinois Retail Clerks' Protective As-sociation. In what a ChicagoŁ paper chooses to describe as " the most pecu-liar petition ever received by the Illinois lawmakers," it has appealed to the legis-lature not to pass " such an unconstitu-tional, illiberal, and un-American meas-ure." It is rightly argued, and the ar-gument is enforced by citations from the Federal and State constitutions and from judical decisions, that it is unconstitu-tional " to prohibit citizens from carry-ing on their peaceful occupations on a certain day," and that the legislature is precluded " from denouncing as a crime that which is not so in fact, that which is in itself innocent." It is to be hoped that such " peculiar " protests as this will multiply in this time of increasing de-mand for the arbitrary denial of the right to engage in honest, useful industry on the first day of the week. Ł Reason, experience and conscience tell us that useful industry is a virtue; the Sunday law tells us that it is a crime. Ł We trust that no one will get the im-pression from what is said in THE SEN-TINEL with reference to the Sunday ex-cise matter in New York, or the Sun-.  day closing of saloons anywhere else, that THE SENTINEL is an advocate of the Sunday opening of saloons. It does not advocate the opening of saloons at any time ; it would be glad to see them closed all the time. But THE SENTINEL is op-posed all the time and everywhere to the principle of legislative " protection " and enforcement of religious observances and institutions, and it does not require a very keen observer to see that it is this principle that is at the bottom and all through the law closing saloons on Sun-day. This principle is not challenged by  those wiio are trying to secure the mod-fication of the law in New York, and therefore there would be little in the matter worth noticing were it not that this demand for{ the modification of the law, by the sort of opposition it arouses, serves excellently to bring clearly to view the real character of the Sunday-closing law and to show that it rests upon the principle mentioned. It is because of this that we are interested in the matter: C. The New York Press asserts that " no Sunday opening law .will ever be enacted.  at Albany, no matter what the political cost may be for refusing it." At this writing (February 25) we are informed that the hearing on the bill.  entitled "An Act to Provide for a Civil Sabbath," printed in these columns last week, is to take place before a committee of the Massachusetts legislature on March 4. Mr. Wheeler writes that 'a good array of speakers will be present, and no doubt the occasion will prove an excellent one for exhibiting the great and fundamental difference that exists be-tween the " Lord's day " statute and a just and genuine measure for preventing disturbances of worship and securing employees in their right to a weekly rest day. A representative of THE SENTINEL will attend the hearing, and a report of it will be given in the issue of March 19. Ł A rest-day law, to be reasonable and just, should secure all Pn the freedom to have a day of rest, and should com-pel none to take a day of rest. Those' who wish to rest should have the liberty to do so, and those who do not wish to rest should have the equal liberty not to rest. No one should be denied the lib-erty to do what he wishes to do in the matter, but each should be protected in the liberty, and only in that liberty, to do. what he chooses to do in the matter. 