A. T. JONES, a former editor of THE SENTINEL, is without doubt the bet,: known writer of the day on religious liberty and kindred topics. It is safe to say that he has devoted more time and thought to the various phases of this great question than any of his contemporaries. At the present time Mr. Jones is contributing a series of articles on The Supremacy of the Papacy. This series wil conclude with the March issue. Each article, however, is complete in itself. Following the present series Mr. Jones will contribute another, the general trend of which will be to show the present aim of the Papacy , how she will gain it, and the consequences. In the Trail of Rome will be the subject treated by P. T. MAGAN. This will be handled in an entirely new manner, and will be highly enter-taining. It will show that our country is going the way Rome went; that every-thing is being centralized into the hands of a few people, and how that will ul-timately end in a decree, as it did with the Romans, that "no man shall buy or sell" except he to whom the right is given by those holding the power. Professor Magan is authqr of "Peril of the Republic" and has been a careful and diligent student of Roman history, and is very competent to write intelli-gently upon a subject of this nature. W. E. CORNELL has been a religious liberty worker ever since the early days Of THE SENTINEL. He has had the privilege of studying the question, not only in this country, but in the Old World as well. THE SENTINEL the coming year will contain some articles of special interest from him. Mr. Cornell is now giving special attention to that anomaly in American legislative halls, The "Christian Lobbyist." and our readers may expect some first-class papers from him on this subject. As staunch an advocate of religious liberty as Roger Wil-liams himself is G. B. WHEELER. Both having been advocates of the same religious tenets it is natural that both should also love these principles. Mr. Wheeler is at the present time devoting the major part of his time to the promulgation of true religious liberty prin-ciples. He has in preparation a series of articles showing the immorality and wickedness that result from the conditions caused by the enforced cessation of labor and amusements upon Sunday, and these are to be published in THE SENTINEL. We also have in hand subject matter for two or three papers from his pen on Baptists and Religious Liberty. 