58o  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY moral obligation pertaining to the weekly rest day did not attach to the first day of the week before this change was made it does not since; and if this obligation attached to the seventh day. before this transfer took place it attaches to it still. That it did attach to the seventh day, not the first, before this transfer took place cannot be denied without impeach-ing the authority that is relied upon for the obligation itself. The Fourth Com-mandment is no more clear and explicit with respect to Sabbath observance than it is with respect to the Sabbath day, and if it imposes a religious and moral ob-ligation in the matter 'of a weekly day of rest it must be that obligation per-tains and attaches to the day that it ex-pressly designates. It is therefore not clear how " the religious and moral ob-ligation pertaining to the weekly day of rest " derived from this commandment can be held to attach " to the first day of the week, not the seventh, for Christen-dom " or any other part of the world, notwithstanding the transference men-tioned. The change in question, whether it be considered as merely ritual or other-wise, is one for which there is absolutely no sanction whatever from the authority which must be relied upon for the re-ligious and moral obligation with respect to the observance of a weekly day of rest. We are glad that Mr. Coffin holds " that the law should not be invoked with any thought of enforcing the religious ob-servance of the Sunday." Few avowedly hold otherwise. But again there is a dif-ficulty, and it is that there can be no en-forcement of the observance of the day without enforcing its religious ob-servance, or without enforcing a rehious observance, for " the Sunday " is a re-ligious institution. That it is such to Mr. Coffin is very evident from his let-ter. It is to him the " Christian Sunday," and its observance a religious and moral obligation resting upon the Fourth Com- mandment. If the argument that it is more than a religious institution is to justify its enforcement, then there are few religious institutions and observances the enforcement of which would not be justified. Every religious institution is necessarily in some respects a social in-stitution ; so it can be said that in every religious institution there is something more than religion. But can that be al-lowed to justify their support and en-forcement by law ? Does not religion itself touch man's physical and mental as well as his spiritual nature? and does not his whole nature need religion as much as it needs " the day of rest ? " Are we therefore to conclude that it is proper and humane to " guarantee," " protect " and enforce religion by law ? We do not say that " the Sunday " is not from one standpoint a social institu-tion, but we do say that it belongs to that class of social institutions which are de-barred by the principle of separation of church and state from support and en-forcement by the state. If the Sunday institution can be made out to be a civil as well as a religious institution, then there can be no distinction between the civil and the religious, and the idea of the separation of church and state simply amounts to nothing at all. An enlightened people should not expect and attempt to preserve " our Christian Sunday " by law, and they will not if they preserve it intelligently and freely, and in accord with the best interests of society. In connection with the above communi-cation we will present another which came about the same time. It is from Mrs. Eliza Gaily, Joseph, Ore. After ordering her paper discontinued, she said : I cannot see your paper as anything but a wolf trying to appear in sheep's clothing. Where would Christianity in our beloved land rank in the coming generations if no day is compelled to be remembered and set apart for the worship of God and the study of the 