EDITORIAL. 27 sporadic and unnatural, and that it would die of itself. They could not al-low themselves to see that it was symp-tomatic of a very leprosy of disease in loved America. And so time drifted on. The National Reform Association grew but slowly; but through its organ, the Christian Statesman, and elsewise its principles spread rapidly, taking ready root in the soil of apostasy and rejected light. This movement especially cen-tered more and more in a demand for Sunday laws, upheld by a dozen different fallacies to hide the real issue. Not that men were designedly dishonest, but ter-ribly deceived. In 1886 the Pacific Press Publishing Company, moved by the 'spirit of Amer-ican liberty and Christianity, began the publication, in Oakland, Cal., of the American Sentinel. The new jour-nalistic bark nailed to the masthead as its motto the legend, "Corrupted free-men are the worst of slaves." It de-clared itself to be devoted to: "The defense of American institutions, the preservation of the United States Con-stitution as it is, so far as regards religion or religious tests, and the main-tenance of human rights, both civil and religious. It will ever be uncompro-misingly opposed to anything tending toward a union of church and state, either in name or in fact." For two years it was continued as a monthly, ever growing in favor among the friends of liberty, and ever gathering a growing hatred and fear on the part of the foes of liberty. In 1889 it became a weekly. The rapid increase of religio- political sentiment demanded it, and the circulation greatly increased. For more effectual service it was removed to New York January 1, 1890. Here it was published, doing yeoman service, in con- nection with the International Religious Liberty Association till i9oo. Believing that it would be an advantage to own the paper, its purchase was solicited by the Religious Liberty Association, and the Pacific Press Publishing Company sold the journal to this association in 1900. The new owners changed its name to The Sentinel of Liberty, and moved its headquarters to Chicago, where it was published until the 31st of October. The Religious Liberty Association having so changed its organization as to make publishing no longer desirable, the offer was made to its old publishers to purchase the paper. This they did in October of the present year, taking possession on the 1st of November. The new publishers propose to make The Sentinel a better journal than ever before, a sentinel of liberty in-deed, to faithfully warn the people from the standpoint of human rights and the glorious gospel of Jesus Christ of every danger and menace to their inalienable rights. No pains will be spared in this direction, and as you will notice by referring to the first column of this de-partment, a strong corps of editorial contributors has been secured, and we know of as many more writers on these themes who will lend their assistance toward making The Sentinel an able exponent of the cause which it rep-resents. Other names will no doubt be added to those now given, when op-portunity has been had for the neces-sary correspondence. While The Sentinel is to appear as a monthly hereafter we firmly believe that the change will only enlarge its sphere of usefulness. There has been at times in the past loss on the journal, but its publishers have felt that the cause of liberty was a worthy cause in which to invest means. 