EDITORIAL 293 liberty of the day," or rather of the community where the thing takes place, is not a violation of the New York Sun-day law, and that therefore the playing of baseball without such interference is not illegal. That would indeed seem to be a common-sense judgment under a statute which is professedly intended to guard against " serious interruptions of the repose and religious liberty of the community." But the fact is that not-withstanding this decision Sunday ball playing, and most of the other things cited by the magistrate that " are now tolerated as inoffensive," are violations of the law as it stands. Fishing is spe-cifically prohibited, and while baseball and other things cited are not named, they must be regarded as included in the prohibition against " playing," " public sports " and " exercises." They belong in the class of things prohibited in Sec-tion 265 of the code. The Sunday law assumes, and in fact declares, that the things prohibited by it, the " certain acts hereinafter specified," " ARE serious in-terruptions of the repose and religious liberty of the community." It leaves no latitude whatever to communities ; com-munity sentiment and practise makes not a particle of difference in the matter. An entire community may be out fishing or engaging in and witnessing baseball playing or other " public sports " and never dreaming of being disturbed, but nevertheless, no matter what the com-munity may think, according to the law their repose and religious liberty is being seriously interrupted. They may be en-joying the recreation immensely, but nevertheless in the eye of the law they are committing " crimes against religious liberty and conscience " Š yes, against their own religious liberty and their own consciences ! Of course this is absurd, but nevertheless it is the law. However, we welcome the application of common sense in the enforcement of the law. It means  at present non-enforcement or nullifica-tion of provisions of the law, for such decisions as that to which we have re-ferred simply amount to judicial refusal to enforce certain provisions of the law. In the end the application of common sense will mean the abolition of the law itself, for common sense will hardly up-hold a statute which rests upon the as-sumption that the protection of religious liberty requires the enforcement of re-ligious conformity, and the equally pre-posterous notion that religious liberty should be guaranteed and protected only on one day of the week. The New York Sunday law virtually says on its face that the citizens of New York State are protected in their religious liberty only one day in the week. The law prohibits " serious interruptions " of their " repose and religious liberty " on Sunday. The logical inference is that " serious inter-ruptions " of their " repose and religious liberty " are permitted without hindrance on other days. And if the things the Sunday law prohibits are indeed " serious interruptions of the repose and religious liberty of the community," the inference is indubitably correct. Of course, though, this pretension of protecting religious liberty is but a subterfuge upon which to rest the religious law against " Sab-bath-breaking." When once the repose and religious liberty of the community are given the place that the Sunday law pretends to give them, and such decisions as that we have mentioned tend in this direction, the " Sabbath-breaking " law will be in a rather precarious condition. 4,  A few weeks ago we stated that we need not have dismissed as so much " prejudice " the idea which came to us when a Roman Catholic was placed at the head of the department of public in-struction in the government of the Philippine Islands, namely, that the clamorous campaign in behalf of the 