192 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN. LIBERTY hurst a short time ago : "So long as we pretend to be doing more than we can do, we shall not succeed in doing so much as we might." There have been a number of, arrests of saloon-keepers on each Sunday since the 1st of January, but no attempt has been made at an ab-solute enforcement of the law, and large numbers of saloons are open as hereto-fore. This state of affairs has led the Society for the Prevention of Crime, of which Dr. Parkhurst is president, to address a public letter to Mayor Low in which he is severely arraigned for failure to "brace your administration in accord with your oath," and in which the reform administration is declared to be "in the same criminal attitude toward the law as was that Occupied by the ad-ministration of 1892-94 and that of 1897-1901." It is admitted that the law in question "is quite likely unen-forceable," but it is insisted that the mayor shall summon all the resources at his command in a resolute attempt to suppress all violations of the Sunday-closing law, "and thus either dignify law by the success with which you enforce it or by the demonstrated impossibility of enforcing it convict the legislature of its moral obligation to come to your relief." Mayor Low has replied in a lengthy letter, the substance of which is to the effect that strict enforcement of the law is already a demonstrated im-possibility and that the administration at which he is the head does not propose to undertake this impossible task, not even to the extent of again demonstrat-ing its impossibility. He points out that this law has never been strictly enforced, except for three Sundays in 1895 when Mr. Roosevelt was at the head of the police department. This required the concentration of the whole police force  on the enforcement of this one law and left the way open for the comparatively safe perpetration of robberies and other crimes. The Mayor sums up the atti-tude of his administration thus : "It will continue to enforce the excise law as one of the general body of laws which it is called upon to enforce, in the best man-ner practicable with the means at its dis-posal. It will take immediate cogniz-ance of any complaint of breach of the law that is called to its attention ; but it will not concentrate the entire police force on this one law and let the other laws go by the board. It will also do everything it can, while it is in power, to break up the bribery and corruption of which the excise law has been for so long the fruitful parent." "The Twentieth Century New Testa-ment" has just been issued at Chicago. It is a rewriting of the New Testament in language that is supposed to be better suited to the twentieth century. Here are some specimens of the revision : Luke 12: 27-30 : "Think of the lilies, how they grow. They neither toil nor spin ; yet I tell you even Solomon in all his grandeur was not robed like one of them. If then God dresses in this way, the very wild flowers, which are living to-day and will be used for the oven to-morrow, how much more will He do the same for you, you men of small faith ! And so in your case, do not be eager about what you can get to eat or what you can get to drink, and do not live in a state of suspense. For all these things the heathen throughout the world are eager about, and your Father knows that you need them all." Corinthians 13 : 4-7: "Love is long-suffering and kind. Love is never en- 