834 THE SENTINEL OF reign of the "Continental Sunday" which they profess so loudly to be seeking to avert. They are planting the seeds of holidayism deeper than are any of the forces which they contend are bringing about the "Continental Sunday." They are sowing these seeds so widely and deeply that they will find it utterly im-possible to stop their growth and fruit-age. The Gibson Case Dismissed WE are very glad to report that when it came up in the superior court at Cam-bridge on November 13, the appealed case of Mr. Wayne T. Gibson, of Malden, Mass., who, as readers of THE SENTINEL know, had been prosecuted for Sunday labor and sentenced to pay a fine in the district court at Malden, was thrown out of court. Mr. Gibson was accompanied to Cambridge by Mr. Geo. B. Wheeler, of South Lancaster, Mass., to whom we are indebted for this brief but interesting account of the disposal of the case : Chief of Police Pendergast, of Everett, who had filed the complaint which led to the trial in the district court at Malden, was present, and very kindly offered to loan Mr. Gibson the money to pay his fine. The offer was not ac-cepted. Mr. Gibson was then asked what dis-position he wished made of the case. He re-plied that he wished the case discharged on the ground of the rights guaranteed by the Bill of Rights in the Constitution of the State, which gives to every man the right to worship God in the manner and season most agreeable to the dictates of his own conscience ; or else that the case be tried. Mr. Gibson was then asked if he kept the seventh day. He replied that he did, and that that fact would entitle him to the benefit of the clause in the Sunday law which exempts those who observe the seventh day of the week, but that from principle he would not plead that in defense. Chief Pendergast then proposed that the case be left on file, but Mr. Gibson insisted that the case be either dis- CHRISTIAN LIBERTY charged entirely or tried. The Chief then called the attention of the District Attorney to the case, giving him a copy of the October SENTINEL in which the trial in the lower court was reported. Mr. Gibson also gave the Dis-trict Attorney the brief of the defense he pro-posed to make in case of trial. The result of the whole matter was that when the case was brought before the court a nolle prosequi was entered by the District At-torney, thus finally disposing of the matter, Mr. Gibson is profoundly grateful that the case has ended so favorably. It has attracted a great deal of attention, and has brought be-fore the people in a forcible manner the great principles of liberty and justice that are the foundation of the government of the Com-monwealth. Though it adds nothing to the above, we quote the following from a report of the matter that appeared in the Boston Globe of November zo : District Attorney Sanderson, after investi-gation, decided that as Mr. Gibson is a Seventh-day Adventist he has a legal right to work Sundays, as members of that religious sect observe Saturday as a day of worship. Mr. Gibson's contention was that, according to the Constitution of the State, he was acting within his rights, and that the State had no right to require him to present proof that he was a Seventh-day Adventist or anything else. When Mr. Gibson met Mr. Sanderson in Cam-bridge last Thursday the case was gone over in detail. Mr. Gibson said that as there had been no disturbance of the peace the case should be thrown out. A proposition was made to place it on file, but to this Mr. Gib-son objected, saying he would rather have it tried in the superior court. We are very glad that Mr. Gibson took the stand that he did. It makes the dis-missal of the case worth something, and creditable to those by whose authority it was dismissed. If a person intends to make any stand whatever for his rights in a matter of this kind there is no other sound position for him to take than that taken by Mr. Gibson. The law in this country is not supposed to know any-thing of the religious beliefs and affilia- 