THE SUPREMACY OF THE PAPACY 733 number and attire of his retainers. The papal stud of horses commanded general admiration. The life of Clement was a constant succession of ecclesiastical pomps and gorgeous receptions and lux-urious banquets. Ladies were admitted freely to the court, the pope mingled with ease in the gallant intercourse. If John XXII., and even the more rigid Benedict, did not escape the imputation of uncleri-cal license, Clement VI., who affected no disguise in his social hours, would hardly be supposed superior to the common freedom of the ecclesiastics of his day. The Countess of Turenne, if not, as gen-eral report averred, actually so, had at least many of the advantages of the pope's mistressŠthe distribution of pre-ferments and benefices to any extent, which this woman, as rapacious as she was handsome and imperious, sold with shameless publicity."ŠMilman. Petrarch declared that Avignon was one vast brothel. ANOTHER SKILLFUL TURN PRODUCES "IN-CALCULABLE WEALTH" Pope Clement VI. took yet another turn to increase the revenues of the Pa-pacy. Boniface VIII. had established the jubilee, to be celebrated each hundredth year, with complete indulgence to all who would make the pilgrimage to Rome. The result of the jubilee appointed by Boni-face was such that a writer who was present said : "I can bear witness to it, since I dwelt in that city : by day and by night, there were two clerks at the altar of St. Paul, with rakes in their hands to rake up the gold which the faithful un-ceasingly threw down there. Boniface amassed an immense treasure from these donations, and the Romans were enriched by selling their wares, at excessive prices, to the simple people who came to obtain indulgences and empty their purses."ŠDe Cormenin. And now the people of Rome were more urgently than ever pressing the pope to remove his court to that city. They sent an embassy "to offer the pope, in the name of their fellow-citizens, the posts of first senator and captain of the city, provided he would return to Rome, and reduce the interval of the jubilees from one hundred to fifty years, in or-der to multiply the causes of the pros-perity of Italy, and increase the imposts of the holy city. Clement accepted the dignities and magistracies which were offered to him, and assured the ambassa-dors that he had the re-establishing of the Holy See much at heart, and that he would engage to do it as soon as possi-ble. As a proof of the sincerity of his word, he fixed the period of the new jubi-lee for the year 135o. The following was the bull published on the occasion : The Son of God, by expiring on the cross, my brethren, has acquired for us a treasure of indulgences, which is increased by the infinite merits of the holy Virgin, the martyrs, and the saints; for you know that the dispensation of these riches belongs to the successors of St. Peter. Boniface the Eighth has already ordered the faithful to make a pilgrimage to the churches of Saint Peter and Saint Paul, and his bull grants entire absolution of sin to those who make this journey at the commence-ment of each century. We, however, consider that in the Mosaic law, which Jesus Christ came to accomplish spiritually, the fiftieth year is that of jubilee or the remission of debts. For this reason, then, on account of the short duration of human life, and that the greatest number of Christians may participate in this indulgence, we grant full and entire absolution to those who shall visit the churches of the two apostles, and that of St. John of the Lateran, in the year 135o, during thirty days, if Romans, and during five months, if strangers.ŠId. Clement lived to see this jubilee that he had appointed, and to enjoy the rich returns that came to the papal treasury. "Annibal Cecano placed his soldiers around the church of St. John of the Lat- 