690  THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. r If there is no Creator to whom every human be-ing owes allegiance and to whom he must answer for himself independently of all other persons in the world, the problem of human government has only such obligations to consider as arise from the rela-tion of each man to his fellow-men. In that case the only rights that could exist would be such as would arise out of society and not those descending from a Creator. It would remain merely for society to ordain the manner in which it should exist, with-out being under obligation to any higher source of authority than itself. Men might claim that they possessed individual rights, but the answer would be that society is above the individual, as the mass is greater and more important than the unit. And if there were no higher authority in the world than human authority this answer would be wholly true, and the individual would be bound to submit in all things to the rule of society. Recognizing man's relation to his Creator, civil government is obliged to consider men as individuals, each man having a sphere in which he stands by himself, apart from all other individuals that com-pose society. But ignoring the existence of man's Creator, civil government considers men not by themselves as individuals possessing rights which even the government must not disturb, but only as component parts of the political whole; and then the question to be considered in their government is not what rights do men have as individuals which civil government must preserve, but what is for the general good of the whole? In other words, " the greatest good to the greatest number." And this shows the real meaning of this phrase as a rule of civil government; it means political atheism. It stands for a system which, instead of honoring God, really denies him altogether. The noble men who ordained the Constitution of the United States, by making that instrument the embodiment of the doctrine of inalienable human rights, recognized the Creator from whom alone such rights could come. And the men who to-day call the Constitution a Godless document and de-mand that it contain a " recognition of God " which would ignore the rights of those for whom the Con-stitution is the fundamental law, thereby deny the doctrine of inalienable individual rights, deny the Creator, and become themselves the authors of the political atheism which they charge upon Wash-ington, Jefferson, and their co-patriots. The doctrine that man is the possessor of certain inali.-nable individual rights is fixed unalterably and eternally upon the doctrine that man is the work-manship of a sovereign Creator. To deny this doc- trine of rights is to proclaim atheism.  s. IMPERIALISM  WHAT IS IT? Now that the campaign is over (as it will be be-fore this comes under the eye of the reader), it may be well to stop and candidly consider the meaning of the term " imperialism," so very familiar, and yet, it is to be feared, but little understood. Imperialism is the opposite of republicanism, and republicanism, as defined by Abraham Lincoln, is " government of the people, by the people, for the people." And this is exactly what the Ameri-can Government was designed to be and what it still professes to be. That it has always been ex-actly this, or that it now is exactly this, probably nobody will assert. Indeed, this is the ideal concep-tion of government, and the ideal is difficult, if not impossible, of attainment in things human. But the fact that things human are of necessity imperfect is no reason why men should not strive after the ideal in government. Touching the purpose of the fathers of the Republic in giving to their countrymen and to the world the Declaration of In-dependence, Mr. Lincoln said: " They meant to set up a standard maxim for free society, which should be familiar to all and be re-vered by all; constantly looked to, constantly la-bored for, and even though never perfectly attained, constantly approximated, and thereby constantly spread-ing- and deepening its influence and augmenting the hap-piness and value of life to all people of all colors every-where." This and this alone is genuine republicanism. Adopt any other idea, lose sight of this ideal and settle down content with something else, admit, for example, that there are some people who have not the inherent right of self-government and who must be governed despotically by others, and the high " maxim " has been abandoned, the principle vio-lated and genuine republicanism relegated to the realm of the impracticable. But in truth there are but two ways in which people can be governed: they must be governed either by themsclves or by others. The first is self-governmentÑrepublicanism; the second, govern-ment by othersÑimperialism. 