486  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY rights which exist by virtue of the ex-istence of God and His creaturesÑtake from the Declaration these sentences and its life and glory are gone. Then it be-comes indeed what the great Lincoln de-clared it would be when thus emascu-lated : "Mere rubbishÑold wadding left  to rot on the battlefield after the victory is won." And that is exactly how the Declara-tion of Independence is being left to-day by those who should cherish it most. We will consider this very important phase of the matter next month. The Vital Portion of the DeclarationÑAs It Was Regarded William E. Charming, D.D., in Treatise on "Slavery," 1835 IT was the glory of the American peo- ple, that, in their Declaration of In-dependence, they took the ground of the indestructible rights of every human be-ing. They declared all men to be essen-tially equal, and each born to be free. They did not, like the Greek or Roman, assert for themselves a liberty which they burned to wrest from other states. They spoke in the name of humanity, as  the representatives of the rights of the feeblest as well as the mightiest of their race. They published universal, everlast-ing principles, which are to work out the deliverance of every human being. Such was their glory. Let not the idea of rights be erased from their children's minds. . . . Let not the sacredness of indi-vidual man be forgotten. . . . Let the rights of the individual remain supreme. John Quincy Adams, in Fourth of July Orations at Quincy, Mass., in 1831, and at Newburyftort, Mass., in 1837 It has sometimes been objected to the Declaration that it deals too much in ab-stractions. But this was its characteris-tic excellence; for upon these abstrac-tions hinged the justice of the cause. Without them our Revolution would have been but successful rebellion, Right, truth, justice, are all abstractions. The Divinity that stirs within the soul of man is abstraction. The Creator of the universe is a spirit, and all spiritual na-ture is abstraction. The Declaration acknowledged the rule of right paramount to the power of independent states itself, and virtually disclaimed all power to do wrong. This  was a novelty in the moral philosophy of nations, and it is the essential point of difference between the system of govern-ment announced in the Declaration of Independence and those systems which had until then prevailed among men. . . . It was an experiment upon the heart of man. All the legislators of the human race until that day had laid the foundations of all government among men in power ; and hence it was that in the maxims of theory, as well as in the practise of nations, sovereignty was held to be unlimited and illimitable. The Dec-laration of Independence proclaimed another law, . . . a law of right, 