334 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY this nation to-day? Consider only the one item of alcoholic and malt liquors. How long can the indulgence of these things continue at the present rate be-fore the vast majority of this whole na-tion will be essentially robbed of the power of governing themselves? Add to this item the no less destructive and undermining - indulgence of tobacco. This, through the deadly cigarette, is sweeping even the boys of the nation into the fatal current of the systematic destruction of the faculty of self-gov-ernment. How long can the indulgence in these two items be continued at the present rate before the people of this whole nation will be deprived of the  ability to govern themselves ? But to these things there must be added the rapidly multiplying thousands of mor-phine, arsenic, and cocaine fiends, and the slaves of other drugs. A mere mention of these undisputable facts plainly shows that America, at the moment when she has taken her first steps in a world career, is already an in-temperate nation. And how far can she carry the weight of the luxury and glory that must come to her as the fruit of her world's career, before she shall reach the point at which the other empires, and especially Rome, the first great exemplar of the principles of self-government be-fore the world, failed and fell? Sunday Laws and the Rights of Conscience Bp C. P. Bollman S UNDAY laws are incompatible with perfect freedom of con-science because they require the observ-ance of a religious institution. Not-withstanding all the efforts that have been made to cast such statutes in a wholly secular mold, they are religious still, and can never be otherwise, for the reason that the institution itself is religious. Were it not that Sunday is by many regarded as a sacred day, there would be no Sunday laws, at least none such as we now have. If the day were recognized at all it would be merely dies non, like our secular holidays. The statutes of many of the States emphasize the religious character of the day by exempting from the penalty for ordinary labor on that day such persons as observe some other day of the week as a day of rest and worship. These ex-emptions are extremely interesting in  this connection. The writer has not the authorities at hand, and so cannot quote, but any one who cares to do so can easily verify the statement that these exemp-tion clauses plainly reveal the fact that Sunday laws in general seek to secure the religious observance of one day each week, preferably Sunday, but if not Sun-day, then another day in lieu thereof. But while exemption clauses empha-size the religious character of Sunday legislation, such laws work less hardship than do the more sweeping statutes which make no exceptions, but require all alike Łto refrain from labor and busi-ness on the first day of the week under penalty of fine or imprisonment, or both. The only thing that saves a weekly holiday from being utterly vicious is the religious element. People who do not rest on Sunday from religious motives would, as a general thing, be much better 