454 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. Jesus repudiated all legal methods and worked by the power of the divine love alone, knowing well that only that power could reach the heart. Before his penetrating gaze, all forms of human organization were as naught. He saw only the naked human soul, sinning, and so needing a Saviour. His method so succeeded as to permeate the whole heathen world with the power of redeeming faith and love. Before its triumphal progress even the mighty despotism of the Roman empire could not stand ; and this the most philosophical of the emperors saw very well, and so, against their better natures, and almost against their wills, they became persecutors. But persecution could not stop the progress of Christianity ; on the contrary, it was a common saying that "The blood of the martyrs was the seed of the church." Constantine saw all this, and well knew that the progress of Christianity meant the destruction of im-perial power. He determined to subvert Christianity into the use of force, and so bring it into alliance with Imperialism. To the Christians who had.  been per-secuted for years, and many of whose leaders even then were maimed as the result, the thought of utter security and immunity from persecution by alliance with a Christian ( ?) state was too intoxicatingly fas-cinating to be resisted. So the plan of Constantine succeeded, and the Christian Citizenship movement of the fourth century began. What was the result? As soon as the movement had progressed far enough to make it evident to the politicians and office seekers that the road to political preferment lay through the church, they all practiced looking and act-ing pious until they could do so successfully ; and then they sought and gained admission to the church. Draper says, "A way was thus opened through the church for the lowest men to reach the highest office" ; and the great church historian, Neander, remarks that, "All that was corrupt in the Byzantine court thus found its way into the bosom of the church." Thus the church, the representative of the only power that can purify the hearts of men and so uplift the world, was itself corrupted and its efficiency for good almost entirely destroyed. What wonder that the world dar-kened down into that night of a thousand years known now as the Dark Ages." Men were taught to deny their own consciences, and the sovereignty of God over the individual soul, and to submit, in slavish fear, to the dictation of the organic church backed by the power of the allied Ł state. Thus repeatedly outraged, conscience ceased to manifest its power, and the voice of God in the soul was hushed. The effort to save the world by law, however sincerely made, had resulted only in ruin and utter defeat. It were easy to produce many such illustrations  from history, showing how all efforts to produce relig-ious reformations by law not only inevitably fail, but produce deformation and destruction instead. Men are, however, often so controlled by religious preju-dices as to be unable to see clearly the force of such illustrations. Let us, therefore, seek to free ourselves from all such hampering prejudices by taking an illus-tration apart from religion entirely,Šan illustration of the same principles as applied to literature. The age of Louis XIV. of France has been glori-fied as an age of literature and of art. A perverse and short-sighted history, forgetting that we reap to-day not what we sow to-day, but instead, what we sowed yesterday and long before, has given much of the credit of this glory to Louis himself, and to his method of subsidizing literature. A little careful study of the chronology of the time will show how great is this mistake. Whenever the attempt is made to name the men upon the success of whose work the literary and scientific glory of the age depends, invariably the names are given of Descartes, Pascal, Fermat, Gassendi, Mersenne, Pecquet, and Riolan, and perhaps also of Belon, Rondelet, and Rey. But the work of every one of these men was practi- cally finished, and most of the men were in their graves before Louis XIV. assumed the government of France in 1661. Surely, not to anything in his administration of the Government of France can the merit of their work be due. The truth is that the half century immediately preceding the reign of Louis was one of progress and of genius. The Reforma-tion had broken the shackles from the human mind. Everywhere men were thinking. For the first time in centuries, they were asking not only the question, How? but also the question, Why? Draper well says of this age, "On the ruins of its ivy-grown cathedrals, Ecclesiasticism, surprised and blinded by the breaking day, sat solemnly blinking at the light and life about it." Under the inspiration of this spirit of freedom and inquiry France produced men of merit in almost every department of human thought and effort. Prom-inent among them were the men already named,Šmen who added to the sum of human knowledge and left their imprint on the thought of the race. Seeing all this, Louis was vain or ambitious enough to want to get to himself some of this honor. He thought to set his crown with the stars of genius, and em-blazon his name forever in a galaxy of glory. He was foolish enough to think concerning literature as many even to-day think concerning religion, that he could forward its interests by governmental methods. For fully half a century during his long reign he adopted the practice of rewarding literary men with large sums of money, and with many marks of per-sonal favor. What was the effect of this method upon literature itself? Instead of to advance its interests, 