EDITORIAL  703 to dispose of another rumor that is cer-tainly as discreditable to the Government as any that he has seen fit to denounce. If this idea is true to the facts, and there are some things which indicate strongly that it is, it would seem that it is high time that the American people were wak-ing up to some astonishing things that are taking place right before their eyes. The Church Goes to the Caucus in Massachusetts ACCORDING IO present indications the cause of religion by law will be vigorous-ly pushed in Massachusetts during the coming winter. The "friends of the Sabbath" have already begun their cam-paign, the first step being an attempt to control the political caucuses of the State in the interests of Sunday legislation. The "New Sunday Movement" was thus described by a special reporter of the Springfield Republican in a dispatch from Boston on September 8: The Civic Committee is the name of a new organization which is just now making an ap-peal to the ministers of the State to preach sermons on the 21st for the purpose of getting men out to the caucuses who will see that candidates are nominated for the legislature who will not let down the Sunday laws any further. They want "men of convictions and courage, who can be counted upon to support the right side of moral problems and defeat all legislation which would further undermine our Sabbath." They say that the strong cur-rent toward the Parisian Sabbath "has indi-cated a general letting slip of the anchorage of the New England Sabbath." The circular fur-ther says: "The Sunday tobacco and news-store and bootblack bills, passed prior to the organization of the Civic Committee, not only compromised but literally surrendered the Sab-bath to its enemies. On the Sunday fishing bill, the bill opening liquor saloons on Sunday, and opening general trade on Sunday, the Sab-bath would again have been surrendered but for votes giving only one majority for right-eousness. There is only one logical conclusion,  that, unless active work supports the New England Sabbath throughout the entire State, the 1903 General Court will be marked by still more serious surrenders to unrighteousness." With this circular is another sheet addressed to Massachusetts pastors, signed by James H. Earle, chairman of the Civic Committee; Al- fred Noon, secretary of the Massachusetts To- tal Abstinence Society (Of which John D. Long is president) ; Robert H. Magood, su-perintendent of the Christian Citizenship de-partment of the Massachusetts Christian En-deavor Union; John R. Gow, president of the Baptist Young People's Union of Massachu-setts; Franklin E. Hamilton, president of the Epworth League of New England, and E. M. Brown, secretary of the Faxon Temperance Bureau. This sheet reminds the pastors of the Democratic caucuses on the loth and the Re-publican on the 24th, and asks them to preach, preferably on the 21stÑthe Sunday before the Republican caucusesÑon "Christian steward-ship as related to the matter of the individual citizen's obligation to be faithful in the intelli-gent use of his caucus vote." It will be no-ticed that the date, coming after the Demo-cratic caucuses, shows that the Civic Commit-tee and its friends regard the Democrats as a hopeless case, and that the sole reliance of the friends of the Sabbath is on the Republicans. The president of the advisory board of the Civic Committee is Rev. Dr. L. B. Bates, father of Lieut.-Gov. Bates. Other members include President William F. Warren of Boston Uni-versity, Bishop Willard F. Mallalieu of Au-burndale, and Rev. Dr. B. D. Hahn of Spring-field. Whatever may be the idea that ob-tains as to "Christian stewardship as re-lated to the matter of the individual cit-izen's obligation to be faithful in the in-telligent use of his caucus vote," the plain import of the above is that those who claim to stand for Christianity in Massa-chusetts not only look upon the political caucus as a fit and suitable instrument for accomplishing what they regard as Christian work, but are attempting to use it to that end, and that they, as church-men and Christian workers, in some things at least, are adopting the ways and methods of the ordinary politician. 