THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 571 could religious teaching be introduced without bring-ing in sectarian controversy? and how would such a state of things make the schools Christian? Christi-anity is something quite different from religious controversy. The State schools are secular, but not un-Ameri-can. Secular does not mean opposed to Christianity. It means non-religious, but not anti religious. Make the State schools religious and immediately they become anti-religious as regards other religions than that favored by them. If Protestant, they become anti-Catholic, and vice versa, and children not con-forming to the religious views adopted must be ex-cluded. How would this make the State schools more American than they are when they admit children of every religious connection and exclude none? State schools are for the public, and have no right to exclude any class of pupils from their privileges. If they do, they at once become un-American. .4 .4 A COMMENDABLE series of " Stories of the Chris-tian Martyrs," by William Elliot Griffis, are appear-ing in the Christian Endeavor World. In theory the Christian Endeavorers are as much opposed to re-gions persecution as any people can be, as the pub-lication of such articles in their leading organ shows, but in practice we see them holding to ideas and principles that lead directly to intolerance; and if Mr. Griffis' articles shall serve to awaken a distrust of these wrong principles in the Christian Endeavor ranks they will accomplish incalculable good. That there is hope of this to some extent at least we may conclude from the fact that the author condemns the union of politics and religion as constituting a com-bination from which persecution directly springs. Thus he says: " After escaping from the dominion of the Pope, Scotland had to pass through persecutions at the hands of English politicians, and from that great Establishment,' in which politics and religion are yoked together, not only did King James, himself born in Scotland, but the infamous Charles I., at-tempt to make the Scottish people accept the par-ticular forms of church life which had been fixed at London. "Let. all," he continues, "who think union of church and state a good thing, and that it is sub-lime and beautiful to have uniformity in religion, and to have politicians make laws for the govern- ment of churches, remember the slaughter and martyrdom which such uniformity cost in Great Britain." Yes; and let all consider this who think the union of religion and politics a good thing, for all this is spoken of that system known as the " ' Estab-lishment,' in which politics and religion are yoked together." And do not Christian Endeavorers largely believe in union of religion with politics? Have they not been often exhorted by their leaders to make their religion felt at the primaries and the polls? Ł Mr. Griffis describes the martyrdom of a girl by "the officers in the pay of the political church." The " Christian " church had gone into politics to elevate and purify the .government by the union of politics with religion, and the result was a " political church." Religion and politics readily unite, but the mixture is political and not Christian. The church in politics means politics in the church; church domination of politics means also political domination of the church. In politics there must be uniformityŠthe minority submitting to the majority, and all conforming to the same civil regu-lations; and when politics and religion are joined the result is an enforced "uniformity in religion," with the punishment of dissenters by civil penalties as offenders against the civil government. The union of religion and politics has been ever the foremost cause of religious persecution. It is a question of vast moment whether this mighty Christian organization learns to distrust the union of religion with politics, or becomes favorable to it with the idea of thereby purifying politics and establishing a Christian government. The lessons of history can not be too carefully studied upon this point. .31 THE fifteenth amendment to the Constitution of the United States, conferring the elective fran-chise upon the negro, came as the result of the Civil War. The war was caused by negro slavery, and the elevation of the negro to political equality with the whites was the political expression of the truth that the negro was no longer a slave, but was like other men endowed with certain unalienable rights. Being such a man, the negro was naturally entitled to participate in the Government. The fifteenth 