690  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY date of the exchange of ratification of this treaty, a declaration of their decision to preserve such allegiance." Retaining their allegiance to Spain and also retaining ecclesiastical domination over the Filipino parishes where they re-sided but where they were heartily de-tested by the natives, the friars had a monopoly of religion and hence exercised a potential influence in municipal affairs. Before Dewey's victory they were the government, and they used all their pow-ers after the fall of Manila to defeat the purposes of the United States. We shall not enter into a discussion of the moral influence of many of these friars. That is left to others or to another'time. De-voted Roman Catholics as the Filipinos are, they drove these friars from their parishes by force, putting to death by torture some who would not be driv-en, and seizing and retaining posses-sion of much of the valuable property owned. by the four orders of the Church against which this enmity was chiefly di-rected. One of the purposes of Agui-naldo's insurrection was the confiscation of the friars' lands; and if he had suc-ceeded, there would have been no ques-tion for this Government to settle at Rome. President Roosevelt's desire to be fair and honorable in his dealings with the Church led to the unfortunate mission of Judge Taft to Rome, and to the very generous offer to purchase the lands of the disposed friars at a handsome price, provided that Rome would send the ob-j ectionable clergymen to other parishes where they would be more acceptable. Most of the friars are now seeking refuge in Manila. They dare not return to their parishes, though under the treaty of Paris they are entitled to peaceful pos-session of their property, and the army certainly could not be employed to re-instate them. What remains to be done  but to pay for their property and ask them, in the interests of peace, to retire? The Administration had received assur-ances, we are told, that the proposals of the United States would be favorably regarded at Rome, realizing, as the Church did, that our attitude was not one of hostility to Rome, but that it was due entirely to the undying hatred of the Filipinos toward the friars. It was necessary to relieve this unfortunate situation or preju-dice the establishment of American civil government in the islands. The commission of cardinals which con-ducted the negotiations on behalf of his Holiness showed by its very organiza-tion that an unfavorable outcome was expected. We have it on the high au-thority of that distinguished churchman, the Rev. Dr. Rooker, that two of the members of the sub-committee belonged to the mendicant order which the Wash-ington Government would drive out of the Philippines and that a third member was a Spaniard. The last mentioned is Cardinal Vives y Tutor, a Spaniard by birth, ¥one of the youngest members of the sacred college and a special represent-ative of all the Roman Catholic orders in Spain. With his appointment on the com-mission by the Pope, the last hope of a succesful result of Judge Taft's mission vanished. We have, therefore, as the result of an lionest, well-meant but misconceived ef-fort to conciliate the Roman See and to settle the question of the friars in the Philippines, only a promise that Rome will send an apostolic delegate to Manila to continue the negotiations with the Philippine authorities. The result will probably be a demand for a still further diplomatic recognition of the Vatican at Washington as well as at Manila. And the anti-imperialists continue to smile. 