SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 463 an amateur rehearsal, on Sunday last, of a play to be given for charity, that at first I could scarcely give it credence. An event like this must have such serious consequences upon the moral tone of the com-munity that, not only as a minister of God, but as one who owes a responsibility to Christian parents, I must utter my strong protest. Whether we regard the first day of the week as the "American Sunday," or as the "Lord's Day," its associations have been hallowed in the eyes of the people of Washington ever since this city was founded. All through the nineteenth century the tradi-tions of American life have been preserved in Washington to a remarkable degree; and its atmosphere has been characterized by simplic-ity of life, by courteous consideration for the conscience of others, and by reverence for all that is good. Even those who have not shared the convictions of most of the residents regard-ing the observance of Sunday have, from mo-tives of courtesy, respected the feelings of Christian people. I most earnestly trust that we who are living in the twentieth century will realize the great responsibility resting upon us in maintaining these traditions of the past. The theatre people claim that the re-hearsal had to take place, and that Sun-day was the only available day for it. Of course there is nothing especially im-proper in the action of those who re-turned their tickets, or in the letter written by Bishop Satterlee, but as such feeling with regard to Sunday entertain-ments, etc., is so commonly attended by or leads to an appeal to the law, it seems proper to us to call attention to this incident. Ł3 An organization of haberdashers, hat-ters and shoe dealers of Louisville, Ky., known as the Merchants' Outfitters' As-sociation, has commenced a movement which has for its object the closing of all stores in that city on Sunday. The fol-lowing petition has been presented to the mayor: Hon. Charles F. Grainger. Mayor of the City of Louisville, Ky.ŠSir: We. the under- signed, representing the Merchants' Outfitters' Association, an association composed of the haberdashers, hatters, and shoe dealers of the city of Louisville, respectfully beg to call your attention to the general violation of Section 1,321 of the Kentucky Statutes, which section provides as follows : "If any person on the Sabbath day shall him-self be found at his own, or any other trade or calling, or shall employ his apprentices, or other person, in a labor or other business, whether the same be for profit or amusement, unless the same is permitted above (ordinary household work, or work of necessity or char-ity or work required in the operation of a ferry, skiff or steamboat, or steam or street railroad), he shall be fined not less than two nor more than fifty dollars." We are endeavoring to secure an enforce-ment of this statute, to the end that our sales-men might have the advantage of it. Our efforts to accomplish this are practically of no service while some of our merchants persist in violating the statute. It is a law enacted for the benefit of the workingmen, and for the general moral good of the community, and we respectfully urge that you use all the means which the law affords to enforce this statute. Its operation will work no harm, and will meet with general approval. The mayor promised to give the mat-ter his immediate attention. The presi-dent of the Merchants' Association is re-ported as follows : "Louisville is about the only city of its size in the United States that has no respect for the Sab-bath. Ever since I can remember some merchants in this city have persistently kept their places of business open on Sunday, thereby forcing their neighbors and competitors to do likewise or else to stiffer in the long run. There is really nothing to be gained in the end by keep-ing open on Sunday if everybody would close, and it would certainly show a proper spirit of Sabbath observance and allow those who wish to observe it as a day of rest to do so. It is a shame that any of the stores in this city keep open on Sunday." Ł. From Poughkeepsie, N. Y., comes the announcement that "photographers will 