584  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of Correct logical reasoning or the right-eous principles of equal justice. The enacting clause last quoted admits it to be unrighteous and oppressive, although it is the sabbath day of a major-ity of the Christian sect, to oblige the seventh-day sabbatteans to abstain from labor on the first day of the week and keep it as a day of rest from laborÑa re-ligious sabbath day. Its being the sab-bath day of a majority of the Christian sect is admitted by the second enacting clause under consideration not to be a sufficient reason why those should not labor on it who do not conscientiously hold to it as a religious sabbath day. The seventh day sabbatteans are therefore exempted from the observance -of Sunday as a sabbath because they do not conscien-tiously hold to it as such. And because the second enacting clause does not deem it immoral for those to labor on Sunday who do not conscientiously hold to it as a religious sabbath day, the seventh-day sabbatteans are allowed to labor on it. If, therefore, it is not immoral for those to labor on the Christian sabbath day who do'not religiously hold to it as such, and if it is for that reason righteous to excuse the seventh-day sabbatteans from the legal obligation to observe and keep it as holy time, is it not unrighteous, is it not oppressive to oblige others to abstain from labor on that day and keep it as a sabbath who, like the seventh-day sabbatteans, also disclaim it as their sab-bath day? Is it not an act of " spir-itual oppression and intolerance," which, though it tolerates the seventh-day sabbat-teans in their infidelity of Sunday as a sabbath by divine appointment, and con-cedes their moral and religious right to entertain and exercise that opinion, does not tolerate any other persons who ac-cord with the seventh-day sabbatteans in their unbelief of Sunday as the " Sabbath of the Lord," nor allow them to exercise the moral and religious right to act ac- cording to their own conscientious opin-ions " in respect to the sabbath days " ? And why not extend this act of tolera-tion to all others who, as well as the seventh-day sabbatteans, do not conscien-tiously believe the first day of the week to be a sabbath by divine appointment? This clause of partial toleration was enacted because the other bore hard upon the seventh-day sabbatteans. Besides abridg-ing their equal liberty of conscience it infringed their rights in other respects. They could not conscientiously labor on their own sabbath day, and the first day sabbatteans would not suffer. them to work on their's. Instead, therefore, of having six days to labor to support their families and themselves, they had only five, in contravention of the command which they honestly and religiously be-lieve to be of God : " Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work." The second enacting clause of the law in question was interposed to relieve the seventh-day sabbatteans from the unrighteous and op-pressive operation of the first, admitting thereby that the first enacting clause, co-ercing the observance of the first day of the week as a sabbath day, is unrighteous and oppressive to the seventh-day sab-batteans. Then it is equally so on every individual in the State who does not con-scientiously believe Sunday to be the " Sabbath of the Lord." Allow me to repeat: If it was right and just to relieve the seventh-day sabbatteans, it was wrong and unjust not to relieve all other persons in the State who do not hold to Sunday as a religious sabbath. They yet are as much oppressed by the law in question as were the seventh-day sabbatteans and are as much entitled to be exempted from its unrighteous operation. And until they are relieved it will continue to be, as it has been and now is, an uncharitable, unjust, oppressive and intolerant statute law. I may run the risk of becoming tedious, 