8o6 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Our democracy is too cosmopolitan to permit the arbitrary fixing of one day as a day of rest. We should, in order to preserve our institutions free and un-trammeled, have no confusion of func-tions. And there need be no fear for the Sab-bath. The power of imitation is strong enough to sustain the majority, if they observe Sunday. Men will gravitate as a matter of course to the observance of the day adopted by their neighbors. The Jew whose social circle observes Satur-day will find himself de trop should he observe another day; and with the Chris-tian the same holds good. The whole matter will adjust itself naturally and  justly. There is no excuse for govern-mental interference. There need be no diplgmatic fear to express the argument in favor of non-interference. It is a position that should be supported by Christian as well as Jew. In the past its supporters have been the founders of our Republic, men of whose statesmanship and liberality the world is beginning to know more in recent years than ever before. It is our firm be-lief that non-interference by the state will result in a better and more sin-cere observance of the Sabbath than heretofore with espionage and fear asp the preventives of Sabbath desecra-tion. " The White Shepherd of Rome" [Thinking it would be of interest to the readers of THE SENTINEL, we present herewith an extract from a recently-published book by Mr. James Creelman, the noted newspaper cor-respondent. Mr. Creelman claims the distinction of having been the first man to interview a pope for a newspaper, and what is given herewith is from the account of his first interview with "The White Shepherd of Rome," as he terms Leo XIII. The interview must have taken place about seventeen years ago. It will be noted that the idea that was uppermost in the Pope's mind was that of the universal supremacy of the PapacyŠthat only in the acknowl-edgment of and yielding to that supremacy by the nations could the world find salvation from impending misery and anarchy. This is important as representative of the undying spirit and nature of the Papacy. And it is unnecessary in this connection for any one to attribute to the Pope any personal ambition for supremacy or to question the honesty and sincerity of his expressed desire for the betterment of the world, or even that he is of most exalted character, as is the testimony of many who have met him. The important thing to see is that, whether from good or evil motives, the individual as pope subserves the genius of the institution. The character of an individual pope cannot change, and should not be allowed to obscure, the character of the institution. And the institution gives no evidence, not even through its present head, that it has changed in character, whatever the changes in its environment and conditions may have been, from what it was when, through Gregory VII. and Innocent III., it grasped for and obtained the supremacy of the world. The'extract given also goes to confirm the fact that the world to-day is looking more and more favorably upon the Papacy. And no insignificant factor to that end is the personality of the somewhat remarkable and benignant old gentleman who is now Pope.ŠEDITOR.] Copyrighted, istox, by Lothrop Publishing Company. THE governments of Europe had practically confessed in conference at Berlin that they could do nothing to check the onward sweep of the tide of social discontent that threatened the peace of nations. The German Emper-or's international council on the desper-ate question of capital and labor was an  admitted failure. What would Leo XIII. say ? Would he, too, admit that accu-mulated and concentrated wealth had brought into the world problems unsolv-able except by brute force? No man can make that journey from the famous portal of the Vatican into the presence of the imprisoned monarch, 