THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 281 Therefore, from all of the above testimony, it is abundantly clear that God's plan of government in heaven before this earth was created, and after it is ended, is by "THE CONSENT OF THE GOVERNED." It was Satan who first opposed government by the consent of the governed. This was the governmental doctrine of heaven, and he proclaimed against it. He it was who first advocated that pernicious tenet of government without the consent of the governed. In the book of Isaiah it is written, "How art thou fallen from heaven, 0 Lucifer, son of the morning! how are thou cut down to the eround. which didst weaken the nations ! For thou hast said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven, I will exalt my THRONE above the stars of God ; I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation, in the sides of the north." God accepts power from those who reign with him. Satan announced, "Twill exalt my throne." Not simply, "I will exalt myself ;" but "I will exalt my throne." A throne signifies government. Satan there-fore proposed to set up his government over the angels of God.' He proposed to do this without regard to their wishes in the matter. In other words, it was his plot to overthrow government by the consent of the governed, and establish in its place a monarchy, a one-man power without the consent of the governed. Over this "there was war in heaven : Michael and his angels fought against the dragon ; and the dragon fought and his angels, and prevailed not ; neither was their place found any more in heaven. And the great dragon was cast out, that old serpent, called the Devil, and.  Satan, which deceiveth the whole world; he was cast out into the earth, and his angels were cast out with him." It was over the question, therefore, whether God's own system of government, which is always "By the consent of the governed," should be maintained in heaven for time and eternity, or whether it should be overthrown, and in its place the government of Satan should be established, the government of a one-man power, without the consent of the governedŠit was over this question that Satan lost his first estate. This was the question then; this is the question now. It is the problem of ages, and trembles on the tongue of time. P. T. MAGAN. To the horrors of the famine in India, which affects a larger number of people than there are in all North America, is now added that of pestilence, from an out-break of the cholera, which as yet shows no signs of abating. The noted atheist, Ingersoll, said not many years ago that civilization had abolished famines ; but probably no famine of ancient times affected half the number of people who are suffering from the present visitation in India. A Question of Principle. There is now before the American people a ques-tion second in importance to none that has ever occu-pied the attention of the statesmen in this or any other country. This question is, Shall the United States remain true to the principles which have made this the great-est nation in the world ; or shall the principles of repub-licanism be repudiated, and the principles of imperial-ism be adopted in their stead ? It may be objected by some that this is a political question, and that being such, it has no proper place in the columns of The Sentinel of Liberty. Let us see. This is indeed a political question, though not yet a party question, though it may ere long become such. But every question pertaining to governmental affairs is political. Slavery was once a political question. Prohibition is still a living political issue ; while only a few years ago the maintenance of the Sunday law was the supreme issue of a state political campaign in Cali-fornia. These questions are cited merely because in each is involved a vital principle. Many issues are political merely, being wholly matters of policy, not involving vital principle any more than does the question with the farmer of whether he shall follow diversified farm-ing or devote his energies wholly to the production of wheat, or corn, or hay, or potatoes. But the question now before the American people is not one of mere policy, but of vital, fundamental principle. It is this, Shall we, not only as a nation but as individuals, continue to respect God-given rights ? or shall we deny those rights and trample them under our feet? We cannot avoid individual responsibility in this matter by remaining silent spectators. He who fails to protest when his neighbor's rights are invaded, and who by that failure gives to that invasion the sanction of silent consent, forfeits thereby the right to protest when his own rights are trampled under foot. This nation was established upon the principle that rights are God-given and inalienable, and that govern-ments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. This principle involves both civil and religious lib-erty. And it is impossible to deny the principle as applied to "inferior races" in distant lands and to main-tain it as applied to ourselves in our own land. It is either true of all peoples everywhere, or it is not true of any people anywhere. Therefore he who by his silence now consents that this principle is not true in Porto Rico and the Philippine Islands consents to the same thing for this country, and for himself and his children. When Israel demanded a king, the Lord sent Sam- 