EDITORIAL 245 never be the same all around the world, he is past arguing with. It must be, then, that the advocates of Sunday observance and enforcement are past arguing with, for they do most de-cidely insist upon the " observance of certain particular hours." If Sunday leg-islation were made to square with this doctrine it would be practically annihi-lated, for it undertakes to, and does, prescribe exactly the " certain particular hours " during which the " Sabbath " or " Lord's day " shall be observed by re-fraining from the things prohibited. So it would seem, even granting that Sab-bath observance is a proper subject for civil legislation, that all the " civil " laws that we have on the subject go further than the Almighty Himself has gone. These laws assume to make definite what we are told God has left indefinite; they are " insistent upon the particular observance of certain par-ticular hours," whereas we are told that God is insistent upon no such thing. Has man the right to do what the Al-mighty has left undone in this matter? Let those advocates of " Lord's day " legislation and enforcement who hold to (and there are many of them who do) the doctrine avowed by this leading Presbyterian journal answer this. Those who hold this doctrine and still insist upon Sunday enforcement are certainly " past arguing with." " It is strange to note what ignorance prevails on the subject of Sunday legis-lation," remarks the Grand Forks (N. Dak.) Herald in commenting on the dec-laration of the Bismarck Palladium, that if the law were strictly enforced, as was proposed in that city, newsboys, milk-men, hackmen, barbers, and the em-ployees of livery barns, bathrooms, tele-phone systems, electric-light plants, etc., would all have " to lay off and rest on the Sabbath day." The Herald under- takes to dispel the darkness of this ig-norance, and says : It is true that there are some occupations which may come within the doubtful class, but these are very few. In the majority of cases there can be no doubt as to the manner in which the law affects them. There is ab-solutely no question as to the right of indi-viduals to carry on certain lines of employ-ment. It is unlawful for a man to sell grocer-ies on Sunday; it is not unlawful for him to sell milk. It is unlawful for him to keep his dry-goods store open on that day, but it is lawful for him to run his electric-light system if he has one. The difference between the classes of employment named are too obvious to require elucidation. It is to be regretted that it was so readily taken for granted that the dif-ference between the classes of employ-ment named is perfectly obvious, as it would have been interesting to have had the difference pointed out. What dif-ference there can be from the standpoint of civil law, or for that matter from the standpoint of moral and divine law, be-tween keeping open a dry goods store and operating an electric light plant, we confess that we do not know. These distinctions that are made in Sunday laws are wholly arbitrary. It is not ig-norance regarding these irrational dis-tinctions that needs to be dispelled, but ignorance regarding the really important matter of the essential meaning and char-acter of Sunday legislation itself. 4,  " The Seventh-day Adventists and others at Philadelphia have started in to make the laws [" respecting Sunday ob-servance "] odious by enforcing them to the letter," said the Dubuque (Iowa) Globe-Journal of March 23 in an edi-torial on " Sabbath Laws." This is a mistake so far as it relates to the Seventh-day Adventists. They never seek to make Sunday laws odious by enforcing them. They believe such laws to be unjust, and they believe unjust laws should be repealed, not enforced. This 