644 7 II E SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY At the laying of the cornerstone of a new Catholic church in the Borough of the Bronx, this city, on June 23, "Fath-er" A. P. Doyle, of the Paulist Fathers, who was the speaker of the occasion, waxed eloquent in laudation of the Cath-olic Church. According to him it is a church of all ranks of society, but pre-eminently the church of the plain peo-ple; it is "a most potent agency against anarchy and lawlessness," and "a most effective propaganda in behalf of rever-ence for authority and obedience for law ;" it "stood for the 'integrity of the family against the divorce abomination, and grappled with drunkenness and all the demons of degradation in our social order ;" her "solid, rock-ribbed frame-work of dogmatic teaching has done not a little to save all Christian truth from the negations of irreligion and athe-ism." But while she "has stood as a bulwark against the oncoming tide of un-belief, and has never yielded one jot or tittle of the teaching handed dow'n to her through the centuries, yet in matters of policy she has been willing to conform herself to the spirit of the time and of the nation in which she has lived." Very significant in the midst of this list of vir-tues stood this one : "She stands for the saving of the Sunday, when greed for gain or open irreligion would trample down our most sacred institution." There is no doubt as to where the Catholic Church stands when it comes to the mat-ter of "the saving of the Sunday." It is evident from one of the principal grievances of the mine workers who have been on strike so long in the coal regions that they know nothing of that sort of "slavery" which Sunday-enforcement ad-vocates are fond of representing as be-ing widely prevalent in the industries of the country. Instead of complaining of "seven-days labor," of unceasing toil  from week end to week end, from year end to year end, their complaint is that "they are employed never to exceed two hundred days in any one fear." Thus, instead , of being deprived of a day of rest altogether each week, they have an average of over three days release from toil each week. And thus, instead of their demand on this point chiming in with the "enslaved-toiler" argument of the religious champions of Sunday en-forcement, they are demanding a hun-dred more days of employment each year, instead of fifty-two less. No doubt there are many people employed on Sum= days throughout the country, but that the situation is anything like it is rep-resented to be by those who are anxious to secure the enforcement of a religioug observance under cover of some osten-sibly praiseworthy object is not to be )elieved for a moment. While there are many people who work on Sundays there are none who work three hundred and sixty-five days in the year, and there are none who are in need of the assist-ance of Sunday enforcement in order to secure release from toil. From Manila it is reported that "Father" McKinnon, a priest who went to the Philippines as chaplain of a Cali-fornia regiment and who is now officially connected with the public school system, has urged the Catholic Church authori-ties in the Philippines to send 400 of the younger native priests to the United States for a "training in American meth-ods" and that they may "become imbued with the broad spirit of the American priesthood." "It is thought that the money for carrying out this plan can be raised in America." It is not stated that it is expected that the Government wilt furnish this money, or that the American people will be asked to supply it, but no doubt that would be looked upon as quite 