"THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 507 give, it 'is certainly not exaggeration to say that the situation in China is desperate, so far at least as the safety of the beleagured foreigners in the Chinese /capital is concerned. The Defender, organ of the" New England Sabbath Protective League," cites -" the better enforcement of Sunday in Palmer, Mass.," as " a type of condi-tions which may be obtained in every village and city if a few earnest men and women so desire and demand." REV. T. DEWITT TALMAGE, who has just returned from a trip to Russia, where he visited the Czar, says that he " found as much religious liberty in Russia as there is in New York or Washington." This is not at all complimentary to New York and Wash-ington and America in general. If it is true, and Dr. Talmage ought to be a competent judge in the matter, it indicates a loss of liberty in the United :States rather than a gain of liberty in Russia, for the rigorous persecution of dissenters in Russia, and the ruthless crushing out of every vestige of independ-ence in Poland, proclaim the despotism of the Rus-sian Empire to-day. Religious intolerance is a natural outgrowth from the roots of the Russian sys-tem of government, but the foundations of the American Republic gave a promise of better things. There is something radically wrong when as much despotism can be found in New York and Washing-ton as in Russia, for that is what Dr. Talmage's -words really mean. THE St. Louis Globe-Democrat had a cartoon re-.cently which was quite significant in its way. This .cartoon was entitled, " The Logical Champion of 'Christendom." On the left of the picture was a sinister-faced hu-man figure clad in armor and holding in his two hands a broken sword inscribed" Selfishness." Upon the breastplate of this figure appeared the name Europe." On the right was the figure of a muscular Chinese Boxer, with a torch in one hand and a huge broad--sword in the other, and a look of diabolical ferocity -on his face. In the center, confronting the Boxer, and a little 'in advance of " Europe," stands " Uncle Sam," with .uplifted cross in one hand and a drawn sword in the other. .Upon the sword appears the word " Justice." The cartoon is misleading in several respects. In the first place, the Boxer uprising is not a movement against Christianity as such, but only to the extent that Christianity is identified in the Chinese mind with the greed and injustice that has driven China to desperation. Again, if " Uncle Sam " keeps his place he will not pose in China as the champion of anything but the natural and treaty rights of American citizens. The United States now has in the Sulus a large number of Mohammedan subjects. It would be the duty of the Government to extend to these the same protec-tion, in case of need, that is demanded for the mis-sionaries and other Americans now in China. But who in such a case would think of depicting " Uncle Sam " with the crescent in one hand and the sword in the other? The Government of the United States has no duty to protect anything but rights. The missionaries have claims upon the Government only as citizens. COAL is said to be mined so easily in China as to cost only twenty-five cents per ton in some parts of the empire. Doubtless this fact will be duly con-sidered by the Powers in arranging their " spheres of influence " " after the war is over." The end of England's coal supply is already in sight, and" black diamonds " are not abundant nor are they easily mined in some parts of the continent of Europe. SURPRISE is expressed in some quarters at the an-nouncement from Washington that Cuban independ-ence is to have not only " a string to it," but a five-fold cord, a sort of " cable-tow," as it were. But this need surprise nobody. In the very nature of things Cuba can never be independent. She may have a large measure of local self-government, but that is all; and THE SENTINEL professes no prophetic gift, either. It is "manifest destiny." "THERE are in Japan," says the New York Inde-pendent, " 120,963 enrolled- Christians, of whom 53,-924 are Roman Catholics, 41,808 Protestants and 25,231 Greek Catholics. If we include their unen rolled children and other dependents, this wou give about 225,000 souls, or about one-half of one per cent. of the population of Japan outside of For mosa." According to the logic of some people in th country, the Japanese Christians, being in such 