EDITORIAL day have been merely apologetic and de- Ł fensive. Of such character is the reason cited above from law writers, that "by nature man should be entitled to rest at least one day in seven in order that the race may be preserved," etc. But that the courts even in the United States have not hesitated to sustain such legislation upon its original and real ground is evident from many citations that might be given. In New York Judge Kent has declared that "the statute has fot over a century recognized the sanctity of the day" (Ruggle's Case, 8 Johns, 29o). In Georgia the code de-nominates Sunday "the Lord's day," and as the Lord's day and as a holy day all courts and magistrates are to treat and respect it, by not being "allowed to in-vade its sanctity," and by abstaining "from the transaction of ordinary busi-ness on this holy day" (Gholston vs. Gholston, 31 Ga., 625, and Bass vs. Ir-win, 49 Ga., 436) ; and the Sunday law of the State "but re-enacts the law of the Almighty" (Salter vs. Smith, 55 Ga., 244). In Arkansas the day is "set apart by divine appointment as well as by the law of the land" (Stockden's Case, 18 Ark., 186) ; in Pennsylvania by "divine command and human legislation" (John-ston's Case, 22 Pa., 102) ; and in Iowa the observance of the day is "established by laws both human and divine" (Davis vs. Fish, 1 Green, 406). And other cita-tions to the same effect can be adduced. So then it is not true that the courts have agreed in holding as void Sunday laws based on the idea of the holiness of the day. On the contrary they have in abun-dant instances, and in most instances, in fact, sustained them upon this very ground. One somewhat curious but very nat-ural result of the attempt to maintain in the United States a sacred day by law has been in some instances a reversal of the  original theory. Whereas originally the legislation sprang from the idea of the sacredness of the day, the idea has been broached in some decisions that the sa-credness of the day springs from the "civil" legislation "setting it apart as the Sabbath." Thus in the New York case cited above the intimation is that the day has been " consecrated " by statute. Roughly speaking the latter is the theory which generally obtains to-day with re-gard to such legislation, but the first has by no means been abandoned. Of course neither is tenable where the principle of the separation of religion and govern-ment obtainsŠwhere civil government is limited to civil affairs, as is the theory in the United States. 4 cilnother Theocratic Party Launched What is said to have been "the most unique political convention ever held in the State of Illinois, and possibly in the United States," was held at "Zion City," Ill., on the evening of April 7. The con-vention was for the purpose of nominat-ing officers for the new city, which is being built up by the followers of John Alexander Dowie, and which was incor-porated under the State laws on March 31. Some three hundred voters assem-bled in the new Shiloh Tabernacle, and the meeting was opened with song and prayer. Although its object was rather local in character the convention saw fit to make the meeting the occasion for the launching of the following "platform," which makes its action of general inter-est, especially to all interested in present tendencies toward church-and-state union : The citizens of the city of Zion, Lake County, State of Illinois, being assembled in their first convention, held in Zion City, on the night of Monday, April 7, t9o2, for the purpose of 