SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 461 opinion taking part in any sport, game or play. He is merely engaged in recreation of a kind involving physical exercise. If, however, he should organize a ball nine and play a match game with the congregation of his neighboring parish, he would be taking part and would, therefore, come within the prohibition of the statute. I shall construe the statute as meaning that, in the absence of a contest or match play against others, a person obtaining physical rec-reation by batting a ball, skilfully or unskil-fully, along the ground, is not taking part in a sport, game or play, and that the recreation, therefore, is not illegal; and the fact that two people are doing it together is no more evi-dence that they are engaged in a contest than it would be if two bicyclists were riding along Łthe street together. They may be engaged in a contest or they may not be, according to the agreement between themselves. The fact of -the contest must depend upon other evidence Łthan the fact that they happen to be together. Under this interpretation of the statute, therefore, I must advise your honor that if any Łcontest, tournament or match game is indulged in during the Sabbath day by the persons re-ferred to in the resolve of the common council, -those participating therein come within the prohibition of the statute. If not, the mere -physical recreation engaged in by those per--sons is to be classed with the other forms of physical recreation which I have discussed and which do not come within the scope of the law. So, according to this ruling, it takes a contest, tournament or match game to make sport on Sunday illegal in Massa-chusetts. The Boston Traveler regards this as " an ingenious rtiling," and sees no reason why croquet and tennis should not be allowed if golf is. And it inquires why, if these things are permissible, base- Łball and other things should be forbidden. If observes that " a quiet game of cards -in a back parlor or club room " is certainly as undisturbing and no more of a contest than is a game of golf, but that " yet many arrests and convictions are made for Sunday card playing." It declares -that " the fact of the matter seems to be that public sentiment controls custom and interprets the Sunday laws," and that " there are certainly distinctions that con- tain very little difference in the workings of the Sunday laws, but until all men are of one mind they will continue." There is one point in this matter on which all men should be of one mind right now, and that is that the law and its adminis-trators should have no concern whatever with such distinctions. The fact that they give rise to and involve civil officials in such petty and foolish questions empha-sizes the improper nature of Sunday laws themselves. There is but one question with which the law and its administrators should be concerned regarding sports or anything else on Sunday, and that is the question with which they are concerned regarding sports or anything else on any other day, viz.: Does it or does it not interfere with the rights which it is the business and function of the law to pro-tect? The law should leave such ques-tions as the difference between golf and card playing, or the difference between golf and croquet or tennis or baseball, to the people themselves to decide and act upon as they please. The law exists for other and better purposes. Ł " Upon the invitation of the recently organized law and order league, and to assist them in the work they have taken up for the amelioration and glory of the city," Rev. Dr. Edward Thompson, " manager of the Sunday League of America," was at Beaumont, Texas, on June 7. In the morning, " before an im-mense and representative audience gath-ered in the First Methodist Church," he " made an eloquent and convincing talk upon the necessity of the observance of the Sabbath by men, cities and nations." In the afternoon he addressed " another crowded meeting at the Y. M. C. A. hall," and " so marshalled his array of facts and statistics touching upon the subject that he not only excited conviction in the hearts and minds of his auditors, but called forth unmistakable evidences of 