The Supremacy of the Papacy By Alonzo T. Jones XI THE PAPACY-THE VERY SAME PAPACY THAT THE WORLD KNEW IN THE TENTH CENTURY-IS TO-DAY AIMING TO SECURE TO HERSELF A RECOGNIZED SUPREMACY IN WORLD AFFAIRS. SHE HAD THIS ONCE. THE ARTICLES THAT ARE APPEARING UNDER THE ABOVE HEADING ARE A STUDY OF HOW SHE USED IT. SINCE IT IS HER OWN BOAST THAT "ROME NEVER CHANGES," TO KNOW WHAT SHE DID WITH SUCH SUPREMACY WHEN SHE HAD IT IS TO KNOW WHAT SHE WILL DO WITH IT WHEN SHE SECURES IT AGAIN. Triple-Headed Anarchy Ended at Last A.  T the tenth session of the council, May 14, 1414, there was read the list of accusations against Pope John, consisting of seventy articles, twenty of which were too shockingly scandalous to be publicly read, even in that rough and scandalous age. At the next session, May 25, all the articles against John, which had been read in the previous ses-sion, were read again. As they were read, one by one, there were also read the depositions of the witnesses, and the characters of the witnesses, without their names. When all had been read the coun-cil declared fully proved the whole list Šthose which had been read and those not fit to read ; and then unanimously declared that " the said lord pope John ought to be suspended from all adminis-tration, in spirituals as well as in tetn-porals, belonging to him as pope ; and we declare him accordingly actually sus-pended for his notorious simony and wicked life." Notification of this sen-tence was sent to Pope John ; to which he replied that he " entirely acquiesced in the sentence which they had already pronounced, and was ready to submit to any sentence that they should pronounce, as he knew that the council could not Ł err." The messengers returned with John's answer, and, in the twelfth session of the council, May 29, the following sentence of deposition was pronounced : The general Council of Constance, having invoked the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, and examined, in the fear of God, the articles exhibited and proved against John XXIII., and his voluntary submission to the proceed-ings of the council, does pronounce, decree, and declare by the present sentence, that the nocturnal escape 'of the said John XXIII., in disguise and in an indecent habit, was scan-dalous; that it was prejudicial to the unity of the Church, and contrary to his vows and oaths; that the same John XXIII. is a no-torious simonist; that he has wasted and squandered away the revenues of the Roman Church and other churches; that he has been guilty in the highest degree of maladministra-tion both in spirituals and temporals; that by his detestable behavior he has given Offense-to the whole Christian people; that by per-severing in so scandalous a conduct to the last in spite of repeated admonitions, he has shown himself incorrigible; that as such, and for other crimes set forth in his process, the council does declare him deposed and ab-solutely deprived of the pontificate, absolves all Christians from their oath of allegiance to. him, and forbids them for the future to own him for pope, or to name him as.such. And that this sentence may be irrevocable, the council does from this time, with their full power, supply all the defects that may after-ward be found in the process; and does further condemn the said John XXIII. to be commit-ted,'  in the name of the council, to some place where he may be kept in the custody of the emperor, as protector of the Catholic Church, so long as the council shall judge necessary for the unity of the Church, the said Council re-serving a power to themselves to punish him for his crimes and irregularities according to the canons, and as the law of justice or mercy shall require. Ł 