Timely Words on the Sunday-Law Question* THE present confused state of opin-ions and actions touching Sunday laws and their enforcement is notori-ous. Confusion, inconsistency and con-tradiction increase each year. Mean-while the fundamental religious issues in the case are pushed aside and the church of Christ, the cause of temper-ance and good government suffer in-creasing evils. It is high time that the whole question of Sunday legislation be considered anew as a living issue rather than as a meaningless notion or an effete feature of history. Such a con-sideration must begin with the fact that Sunday legislation was the product of paganism at the beginning and that its evolution and enthronement in his-tory, for a thousand years, was part and parcel of a system which was much nearer "baptized paganism" than it was New Testament Christianity. These important and far-reaching facts must be given a hearing before any adequate consideration or any just con-clusions can be reached. Facts ignored are facts still and potent. No one feature of the Sunday-law question is more troublesome to-day than its relation to the saloon. The licensed saloon system has been evolved and developed until it is an immense commercial and political factor in all our affairs. So long as that system continues its commercial and political power will increase rather than dimin-ish. Present tendencies indicate the extension and strengthening of the li-cense system through direct fees or taxation, or both. It must therefore be considered as a permanent and powerful factor in business, in social life, and in politics. The thing which the licensed liquor traffic most desires is leisure on the part of the lower * From editorial articles that have recently ap-peared in the Sabbath Recorder (Seventh-day Baptist). classes. The saloon is supported by these, but its support is comparatively meager when they are busily engaged in the ordinary affairs of life. Work days are the poorest days for the sa-loon. Leisute days are its harvest time. Experience shows that when a saloon is protected through the license system during the week it will in some way secure the patronage which naturally comes when men are idle. Out of this fact has arisen the difficulty of closing the saloons on Sunday, the evasions and subterfuges represented by the Raines Law hotels in the city of New York, and similar evasions, subterfuges and difficulties in all great cities. The prob-lems thus created are real, extensive, and difficult. Present legislation concerning Sun-day and the saloon is largely in favor of the saloon. The Sunday laws which forbid ordinary and legitimate business upon that day make it possible for the saloons to use these as a safeguard against the enforcement of the laws closing their doors. This fact needs no more than statement, for almost every community in the land has felt the force of it. In some way or other the liquor traffic will profit by the (,nforced leisure which Sunday laws require. Hence it is that those laws which for-bid "worldly business" and "recrea-tions" on that day put a premium upon the lower vices, upon drunkenness, so-cial impurity, and similar evils which go hand in hand. However difficult it may, be, it is evident that a clear separa-tion -must be secured between legisla-tion touching the sale of liquor on Sun-day as a holiday and the creation of that holiday through enforced idleness. The general line of that separation is so plain that we suggest the following: If, in the light of practical and scientific facts, it shall appear that one day of 