"WHY DISCUSS IMPERIALISM?"  481  citizens. Those who now refuse to dis-cuss the principle involved in imperialism cannot always refuse. When they begin the discussion they will find themselves defending European principles of gov-ernment, and they will discover upon ex-amination that the empires of Europe are responsible for the doctrine of force as-serted by individual anarchists. Is it not  time to recognize that a moral principle cannot be affected by the number of per-sons involved? That might makes right is no more, true when the might is em-ployed by 75,000,000 than when it is employed by one, and yet that is the only difference between the doctrine of the imperialist and the doctrine of the an-archist.ÑThe Commoner. W Discuss Imperialism? By C. P. Bollman THE inquiry is sometimes made,"Why discuss imperialism, a political question, in THE SENTINEL OF CHRIS-TIAN LIBERTY, a non-political paper ?" The answer is, Because there is a prin-ciple involved in the question which touches the life and influences the char-acter of many millions of human beings. Imperialism is opposed to the princi-ple of self-government, and is therefore opposed to the principles of the Gospel, for our Lord Jesus Christ came into this world that the faculty of self-govern-ment might be fully restored to as many as would receive it ; for of Him and of His mission it was written by the prophet : "He hath sent Me to bind up the broken hearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound." The writer would not so much as im-ply that one cannot be a Christian with- out political self-government.  But po- litical faith and political conditions have a far-reaching influence upon the relig-ious life of any people. There is one way in which government can contrib-ute very much to the spread of the Gos-pel, and that is by inculcating the prin-ciple of individual responsibility; by teaching every man to be a man, to gov- ern himself, and to accord to his neigh-bor the same liberty of thought and ac-tion which he claims for himself. Imperialism means not necessarily government by an emperor, but despot-ism in government. Rome was no more imperial under the emperors that she was under the republic. And the United States may preserve the forms of re-publicanism while practising the arts of imperialism. But the general government cannot become imperial without influencing in greater or less degree every man, wom-an, and child under its jurisdiction. Why are the Russian communes more despotic and less merciful than the Czar himself ? Why do Russian villagers ban-ish to Siberia scores of their fellows for crimes unknown to American laws ? ÑSimply because of the influence exert-ed upon their minds and hearts by the political system under which they have always lived.  ¥  . THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY is devoted to the furtherance of self-government not because it is a correct political principle, but because it is an essential Christian principle. The teaching of Christianity contrib-utes most powerfully to the establish- 