Christian Citizenship A Study of the Subject THIS article is written by a Christian to Christian menŠto those who care more for the words of Christ Jesus and the teachings of the Holy Ghost than they care for all the theories of men. It is written by a Christian to Christian men and women who believe that the Bible expresses to us the mind of God and is in itself an all-sufficient guide. It is an appeal to men who believe that the spiri-tual transcends the mere material, that the moral is more than the political, that the principles of God's Word outweigh all the policy and expediency of the world. It is written by a Christian to Christians who believe that all shall appear before the judgment seat of Christ, and that it is wisest and best to decide and act now in harmony with the righteous principles of His government. It is written by a Christian to Christians who believe in the words of Jesus : " Every plant which my Heavenly Father hath not planted shall be rooted up." It is written by a Christian to Christians who believe that God can do mightier things in winning the world with one truth, though that truth be crushed to earth, than can be wrought by any power through error, though all the world enthusiastically approve it. Agreeing upon these fundamental Christian principles we can better study together the vitally important subject of Christian citizenship. The Term and Its Meaning It is one of the terms upon which cer-tain reformers are now ringing the changes. By the majority of those who hear it, it is thought to mean the citizen-ship in a civil government of one who is a Christian. Is this its meaning? Let the object of our study as Christians be to find what is true Christian citizenship. The word " Christian " comes. from  " Christ," and means, " relating to or derived from Christ or His doctrine; professing or belonging to the religion es-tablished by Christ."ŠStandard Dic-tionary. " Citizen " is thus defined : Citizen. In its modern use, the term citi-zen is applied in Great Britain to a dweller in a town, and this either in the general sense of an inhabitant, or in the narrower and stricter sense of one who enjoys its privileges and franchises. In France it denotes any one who is born in the country or naturalized in it; and in America it is used in the same sense. ŠLibrary of Universal Knowledge, vol. 4, p. 16. The word " citizenship " means " the status of a citizen, with its rights and privileges."ŠStandard Dictionary. So Paul was " a Jew of Tarsus, in Cilicia, a citizen of no mean city." Acts 21 :39, R. V. He was born and reared there; he was not the Egyptian he was supposed to be. " In the eye of the law all Roman citizens were equal," says Gib-bon, " and all subjects of the empire were citizens of Rome." But this citizenship had naught to do with Paul's Christian citizenship ; for as " Christian " is that which relates to Christ, or is derived from His doctrine, so Christian citizenship is the the citizenship of Christ, the citizen-ship derived from Him. Then the true citizenship of the Christian, the citizen-ship to which he lays claim, in which he will boast, is the citizenship derived from Christ Jesus. Paul's Christian citizenship, therefore, came from Christ, not from Rome, nor by accident of physical birth. A Christian who was a citizen of Rome did not by that possess Christian citizen-ship; for the lowest slave in the Roman Empire who was a Christian was as truly a possessor of Christian citizenship as was Paul. Mr. Gage is by his physical birth a citizen of America. He is also a Christian. Mr. Kowalski lands to-day in 