628 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Ł is not a proposition to have public money paid for religious instruction in secular schools ; but a proposition to have pub-lic money paid for secular instruc-tion in religious schools. It is not a proposition to have the teachers employed in the public schools give re-ligious instruction, but a proposition to wave the teachers in religious, denomi-national, sectarian schools paid from the public school fund. It is not a proposi-tion to have religion made a part of the system of public instruction, but a prop-osition to have religious schools made a part of the public educational system, as they assuredly would be if the secular instruction given in them were paid for by the State and passed upon by State examiners. In short, this Roman Catho-lic scheme is a scheme for undermining and violating the principle of no public moneys for sectarian purposes while pro-fessing to preserve it in tact. Sunday Ball Idea The endorsment by Strongly Opposed Professor Henderson by Clergymen of Chicago University of Sunday ball playing for boys and young men of the cities as a valuable means of keeping them out of immorali-ties on Sundays was widely commented upon, and as was to have been expected it met with strong disapproval in those quarters where the baseless assumption obtains that God has commanded the ob-servance of Sunday as a holy day. In Chicago and elsewhere it " was greeted by churchmen with surprise and sarcastic comments." " Many noted ministers and theologians did not hesitate to express forcibly their disapproval of such dese-cration of the Sabbath in the interests of a sociological end, and in some cases heaped words of scorn on the idea." Dr. Milton S. Terry, of the Garrett Biblical Institute. " one of the best-known theo-logians of the Methodist Church in the West," said among other things : To advocate baseball playing or indulgence in any athletic sport or game on Sunday is totally wrong. I do not care whether Dr. Hen-derson has made a study of the particular juvenile aspect of the subject or not. It can-not be anything but wrong. As a reformatory measure the prescription of Dr. Henderson would amount to no more than would eating peanuts. Dr. L. A. Crandall, of the Memorial Baptist Church, declared that he was " certainly not in favor of playing base-ball on Sunday," as " it is not the way to observe Sunday," and Dr. W. 0. Shep-ard, of the First M. E. Church of Engle-wood, said he could " see no necessity at all for the advocation of Dr. Henderson's theory." Dr. Franklin Johnson, professor of homiletics at the University, said that while he was " not hide-bound in the mat-ter," and " realized the conditions under which the people in the slums of the cities live," and was " as anxious as any one to see them relieved," he did " not be-lieve in Sunday baseball playing, or in Sunday gaming of any kind " ; that " Sunday gaming is never innocent, and leads to license." He admitted that it was true that Sunday ball playing would keep many of the boys and young men away from the saloons to which many of them now resort, but said the remedy he pro-posed in lieu of the ball playing was, " Close the saloons." Rev. Dr. Nathaniel Butler thought Professor Henderson's po-sition " absolutely sound," but that " great caution should be taken in teaching this theory, lest it be misunderstood and taken advantage of by those of less conscience and less integrity." He was " in favor of having the united churches declare a half-holiday on Sunday free for pleasure-seeking in the parks, driving, baseball, and other outdoor sports," on the theory evi-dently that such things are immoral only when they are done without the sanction of the church, or "united churches." In commenting on Professor Henderson's remarks, Rev. G. M. Orves, of the Sum- 