.678  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY organization, of whom there are 5,000 paying annual dues, the clergymen of all the churches and many others who may be interested, receive information from time to time during the session of the measures in which the Bureau is inter-ested. Thus informed as to the legisla-tive outlook, these constituents write to their senators or representatives, or tele-graph to them, as the situation may de-mand, and this is what swells the mail. Just at present the Bureau is bending its energies along a new line, toward hav-ing the constituent see in person the members of Congress when they are at home during the congressional vacation. This, it is believed, will be still more ef-fective. A RELIGIOUS MERCANTILE AGENCY In order to know whom to communi-cate with the Bureau has established what corresponds to a mercantile agency concerning the leading people in every town in the United States, except that their religious status instead of their fi-nancial capital and resources is the sub-ject of the work. .01d telephone books have been secured of every town in the United States having a telephone sys-tem, and these books have a large share of the people of prominence on their rolls. This is the nucleus of the index. Then, through trusted confidential help-ers in each town, the names are checked off with signs showing what each indi-vidual can be depended on to do. Per-haps one man will be decidedly irre-ligious, and not interested in these re-forms, but, for personal or family con-cerns, may be greatly agitated over the question of temperance. The same may be true with divorce legislation, and with Sunday questions of all kinds. The Bureau has twelve lines of work, but it does not limit its requests for assistance  to persons who happen to sympathize with it in all of its lines.  Of course, the records show a large number of names as in favor of everything. BRINGING PRESSURE UPON CONGRESSMEN Now what use does Dr. Crafts make of these names and this index ? Sudden-ly, he has a bill before a committe of the House and learns that a representative from Ohio on that committee is "shaky" and is liable to be greatly influenced by some of the commercial interests on the other side. "That will never do," says the Christian lobbyist. He goes to his office, where he has these telephone books and information in similar forms arranged by congressional districts, and pulls down the district represented by the shaky statesman. Those of his con-stituents who can be depended upon are then communicated with. Dr. Crafts employs sometimes as many as ten clerks in this work. A few of the more promi-nent men in that district will get personal letters asking them to take positive steps, like writing the congressman an em-phatic message. Others will be asked to sign and circulate petitions. It should be noted that this directory contains a hint as to the political party and activity of each man, although with very slight exceptions the Northern allies of the Bureau are Republicans and the South-ern allies Democrats. The shaky congressman finds himself deluged in the next forty-eight hours with communications. Perhaps the churches in his district on the following Sunday adopt resolutions which are for-warded to him. Petitions from the Woman's Christian Temperance Unions are hastily transmitted. And there is no overestimating the influence of such things on the congressional mind. The man who writes a letter seems to the con-gressman to be speaking for ioo others 