THE SUNDAY QUESTION IN MASSACHUSETTS  goy such ridiculous conditions upon the public? What possible good .can come of continuing a state of things which arouses contempt where it does not cause annoyance? Why not do away altogether with the useless features of a law which is thus uncertain in its operation, allow the sale on Sunday of those articles which are generally desired for comfort, and make an end of this petty and annoying busi-ness? The gentlemen on Beacon Hill should wipe this absurdity off the statutes without de-lay.ÑBoston Post. Mayor Leonard, of Lawrence, said : ¥ "I have no intention of enforcing the blue laws. There are numerous live matters to be dealt with without resur-recting the dead past." A great number of similar quotations might be made. Many people are begin-ning to find out that Sunday laws are not in harmony either with the true spirit of Christianity or the spirit of freedom which is the foundation of our govern-ment. 40 "The gravest public scandal of the larger era of American life"Ñ"a strange .and humiliating spectacle"Ñ"as ridicu-lous as it is humiliating"Ñwere some of the characterizations of the World's Work for June of the failure up to that time of the United States to grant such a tariff concession to Cuban products as "is necessary to save the islands from practi-cal starvation." It is recited that "the United States magnanimously went to war to free the long oppressed Cubans; and the whole history of nations contains no more generous act than this ;" and after doing wonders in the way of ad-ministration "we kept our pledge with all promptness to give over the island to the government of the people under our pro-tection against foreign entanglements." All this "was properly and well done; but, when the final act came and the situation that we had ourselves. produced demanded a tariff concessionÑa conces-sion that will work no harm to the American publicÑthe moral purpose of the nation is balked." And it is sagely added : "Big tasks are easy for a great nation. It is the little tasks that are bard, especially when these smaller tasks must be done by the legislative branch ,of the Government." But it is hastily added that "delay will not hinder the final doing of our duty," and that "it may be  done before this paragraph reaches the reader." During the time of the transit of these words from the editor to the reader the President addressed a very earnest and urgent special message to.  Congress on the subject, but in spite of that the word now is that Congress will adjourn without any action whatever to-wards doing "our duty." There are some lessons that may be learned from this matter, and one of them is that it is possible to make too great pretentions as to the capability and disposition of a gov-ernmentÑeven a republican government Ñto rightly, justly and honorably act the part of a guardian and benefactor for another people. It is preeminently true that the "little tasks" are hard for a great government, and in that very fact is shown the disqualification of a great gov-ernment for the rule of alien peoples. It is the "little tasks" that count most in the government of dependencies, and the government whicl cannot perform these in the best possible manner is far more unfit to govern distant people than they can possibly be to govern themselves. How true now as of old are the words of the historian : "Parliaments and sen-ates can preside successfully only among subjects directly represented in them. They are too ignorant, too selfish, too divided, to govern others." 