fordillooll Of CtIEUSTilAM LUZ ERTY VOL. XVII I NEW YORK, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1903 N o. 38     A live question in the United States to-day, and one that is to be-come more of a live question than it is at present, is that of religious instruction by the state, or state support of religious teaching. On no other point is the prin-ciple and practise of separation of church and state being so widely, openly and persistently attacked, and so seriously menaced. The Catholic Church, which is becoming every year more powerful and more able to have public of fairs shaped as it desires, is solidly against " godless " education, and is seeking to bring about such a change in the educa-tional system supported by the state as will make it include definite religious in-struction. This seems to be the leading aim of the Catholic Church in this coun-try to-day, and she is pursuing it " ear-nestly, patiently, persistently, determined-ly." The idea is furthered and advo-cated by her writers and speakers on every possible occasion. And side by side with Catholicism in this opposi-tion to and determination to overthrow the practise of the principle of separation of church and state in the public educa-tional system is that not inconsiderable element of Protestantism which in its way is as narrow and blind in its religious zeal, and as incapable of practising the principle of separation of church and state where it has an opportunity to dis-regard it in the interests of its own theol-ogy, as is Catholicism itself. Though this element of Protestantism thinks it is  the uncompromising enemy of Catholi-cism, it is in many respects the nat-ural ally of Catholicism; and events are demonstrating this, as in this mat-ter of state support of religious teach-ing. But this question is a live one just now not so much because of the attitude of these two reactionary re-ligious forces (though this other thing is no doubt somewhat due to that), as because of a sentiment or conviction fa-vorable to this attitude that seems to be growing in the educational world itself. It was to this that the late convention of the American Federation of Catholic So-cieties referred when it resolved with regard to " Christian education " " that we observe with deep satisfaction the gradual growth among our non-Catholic fellow-citizens of the conviction that re-ligious instruction of some sort in the [public] school is absolutely necessary for the welfare of our country ; witness the discussions of the National Educa-tional Association and of the Religious Educational Association, both of which fully justify the position maintained by us Catholics for the past half century." So there are developing in the educational world itself views which " fully justify " the position of Catholicism on this ques-tion. This of course will greatly further its aim in the matter. The so-called " National Reform " movement springs from the Protestant element to which we have referred, and is fairly representa-tive of it, though sometimes representing it at its worst. At the head of a list of A Live Question 