422 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY equal rights and respectable government. If the Jews on the East Side insisted that every Christian in that district and else-where should be compelled by law to cease all business on the seventh day of the week their attitude would be an ex-act parallel to that of Mr. Birnie and those for whom he speaks. "There are some questions that ought not to be submitted to the people, because there is a higher law than the people's will," says a friend of Sunday enforce-ment in opposing local option on that question. This is an interesting state-ment from such a source. If it be true, it shows that Sunday enforcement is ut-terly inconsistent with the fundamental principle of republicanism. If the ques-tion of Sunday enforcement cannot be submitted to the people, and if the law of its observance is too high to be deter-mined by the people's will, then it is a matter utterly out of place in the legisla-tion of republican governments. They who in the United States demand Sun-day enforcement while declaring that it is a question that ought not to be sub-mitted to the people are virtually de-manding that the fundamental principle of the nation give way to the old Dark Ages' theory of the "divine right" of rulers and legislators. They might as well say that no question should be sub-mitted to the people, but that govern-ment should be taken out of the people's hands entirely. And the logic of Sunday enforcement leads exactly to this thing. If Sunday observance is a matter that ought not to be submitted to the people, let us hear no more demands for its en-forcement by the people's representa-tives. If it rests upon a higher law than the people's will, let it rest there, and let there be no more demands for its regula-tion and promulgation in the people's statute books. A number of New York clergymen, with Dr. C. H. Parkhurst at their head, have issued an appeal to the ministers throughout the country "to protest against the conditions in the Philippines revealed by testimony before the Senate Committee." It will be surprising if there is any general response to this ap-peal. As nearly as we have been able to gather it the greater portion of the clergymen in this country are agreed with Rev. Charles W. Briggs, who wrote from the Philippines to the Boston Transcript not long ago that "the general influence of the army upon the people has not been so bad," not as bad as that of the Span-ish army, which "indulged in all kinds of immorality and bad treatment of the natives." True, he had "heard of natives being shot down without quarter, pris-oners being bayoneted without mercy," but then "war is hell, and human passions are terrible when aroused and turned loose," and "the power of Almighty God can use war and wicked armies to ad-vance His purposes in the world." And, besides, "we are in a world of cold, hard facts, and our army has been meeting such cold, hard facts, and we may be proud of them for so doing," for "our army, our Government has been meeting these facts as a Christian nation could best meet them," and "ours is, after all, the most humane way to deal with the problem." r. In the St. Charles (Iowa) Hawkeye of recent date Rev. L. Proudfit asks, "How is it that so many Protestant churches observe Easter ?" and states on the au-thority of the Encyclopedia Britannica and the church historian Socrates that the celebration of Easter as a Christian festival was unknown to Christ, His apostles, or the early fathers, and no trace of it is to be found in the New Tes-tament. "We can all assuredly know 