THE SUPREMACY OF THE PAPACY 233 Cincinnati, July 10, 1902. Rev. Dear Father: Should you be willing to do so, kindly sign your name to the enclosed memorial and re-turn it as soon as possible to the Chancery, stating at the same time the number of Cath-olics under your care. The document has already been signed by the Right Rev. Bishop of Hartford, and the 262 priests of his dio-cese, and,  probably by many others. WM. HENRY ELDER, Archbishop of Cincinnati. To His Excellency, Theodore Roosevelt, Presi-dent of the United States: The undersigned, the clergy of the diocese of Cincinnati, in their own name, and in the name of 200,000 Catholics of the diocese, would respectfully beg to lay before your ex-cellency the following memorial bearing upon the Philippine schools. Your excellency is aware that the Filipino people, in so far as they are Christians at all, are members of our communion. For three hundred years they have committed the edu-cation of their children to the care of religious teachers. To the training thus imparted the natives owe their present status as a civilized and Christian people. We respectfully submit that, in our judgment, the abrupt and complete breaking away from this system of education and the adopting of another entirely devoid of religious coloring, coupled with the violent disruption of venerable traditions which must necessarily ensue, would be a grave hindrance to their progress in civilization and impede unnecessarily our peaceful and successful gov-ernment of the archipelago. We respectfully submit that the clause of the Constitution which requires the absolute separation of church and state, was intended by the framers of the document to meet con-ditions in the United States of America, and not those which obtain in the Orient and among a people unanimously of one form of religious belief. Your excellency, we are profoundly con-vinced that the Filipino people, deeply Cath-olic at heart, will deem it an unjust invasion of their rights to be taxed for the maintenance of a system of education which cannot com-mand the free and full approval of their con-science. As American citizens, jealous of the good name of our country, we hope and pray that the policy of our government in this vital matter will be dictated solely by a high sense of justice, without any yielding to the clamors of religious prejudice, which is blind alike to  the real interest of the republic and the eter-nal welfare of the people whom Providence has committed to our protection. Your excellency, we regret that stubborn and uncontradicted report charges certain in-dividuals employed by our government in the education of the children of the archipelago with offensive hostility to the religion of the natives, and we are convinced that you will visit this abuse with the speedy and uncom-promising reprobation which you have already manifested in ridding our army of the shad of inhumanity brought upon it by the excesses of certain individuals. May it please your excellency, we count it a singular favor of Providence that our beloved country should, at this transition period, when confronted with tremendous issues, have fallen under the leadership of a statesman of such uncompromising fairness and high devotion to the dictates of justice. It is with the perfect assurance of your ex-alted statesmanship and absolute determination to seek the real good of the country in all measures of state that we presume to lay-before you this memorial. Cincinnati. July to, 1902. There is much in this document that there is not space now to discuss ; but there in one point in it that is of tran-scendent importance and should be dis-cussed everywhere and forever. Note. that second paragraph of the memorial to the President of the United States : " We respectfully submit that the clause of the Constitution which requires the absolute separation of church and state, was intended by the framers of the docu-ment to meet conditions in the :United States of America, and not those which obtain in the Orient and among a people unanimously of one form of religious belief." The true story, then, so far is this : Un-der Spain's dominion in the Philippines there was absolute union of church and' state. The United States government in the Philippines demands absolute separa-tion of church and state. The Papacy in-sists that the absolute union of church and state shall continue, and against the de-mand of the government sets up the plea 