618 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY ficulties in the way of carrying through the negotiations. He says : The last, but not least, obstacle to Judge Taft's undertaking was the origin of the mis-sion itself, which was due to the clever and patriotic initiative of Monsignor Ireland. [Italics supplied]. This, and the presence among the advisers of the Governor of Bishop O'Gorman, one of Archbishop Ireland's best friends, had the effect of raising the questions of persons, and the suspicion of personal ad-vantage, on the part of the Archbishop and his adherents, which, I am sure, are without foundation, but which, nevertheless, aroused the animosity of the two parties which my friend in Washington called "the Ireland and Corrigan factions," who are as divided and opposed in Rome as in America. Of course, the followers of Ireland were for the success of the mission, while the others wanted to see the friars triumph. This is enlightening regarding the boasted unity and oneness of the "one universal Church," which maintains a unity among its adherents much like that existing among the citizens of a nation that is split up into different political fac-tions. But there can be no doubt that both these factions were agreed in wish-ing the Papacy to triumph at the cost of American principles. This writer thinks that inasmuch as Judge Taft was originally instructed "to take up the subject tentatively" with the Vatican authorities, and as "a broad basis of negotiations, to be carried on at Manila," was secured, the mission was not a failure from the American stand point ; but he thinks "there is no doubt that the 'Church has lost a chance which may, perhaps, not occur again for a long timeŠthat of coming to a written accord with WashingtonŠwhile now her situ-ation in the Philippines will be of the most difficult." He thinks there is strong probability that the friars will now have to establish their property claims one by one in the civil courts, which will entail enormous expense and will have to be done under extraordinary difficulties ; and that, therefore, while the negotia-tions to be continued in Manila "will, perhaps, be more practical, the moral ef-fect with regard to the relations between the Holy See and the United States will be quite different." The idea is, we sup-pose, that further progress in the matter will tend to the estrangement rather than to the coming together of the Papacy and the Government, with consequent loss of influence and prestige to the Papacy. This remains to be seen, however. The other article dealt with "Catholi-cism in the United States," to the wonder-ful progress of which it was stated that world-wide attention and interest was just now being turned because of the ap-pointment of "new apostolic delegates to be sent to Washington and Manila," and because of, "above all, the mission of Governor Taft to the Vatican." On this point the following interesting and very significant facts and figures were pre-sented : The progress made by the Church of Rome on the other side of the Atlantic is so wonder-ful that it comes natural to ask whether the relations between church and state have re-mained as the spirit of the Constitution in-tended and as Benjamin Franklin appeared to have understood them when, in 1776, repre-senting the just formed Federation in Paris, on being asked by the papal nuncio to notify his government of the desire of the Holy See to consecrate a bishop for the United States, he answered that his government had nothing to do with such a question, which was en-tirely out of its jurisdiction. The new bishop was appointed fourteen years later in the per-son of Monsignor John Carroll, the founder of the American episcopate, with a see at Bal-timore and with jurisdiction all over the United States. In this task he was helped by thirty-three priests, who, if they may seem quite sufficient for the number of Catholics, who were only 44,500, were totally inadequate with regard to the vast area of the States. At that time there were scarcely any churches worthy of the name, and even the chapels were 