646 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY According to a newspaper report an attempt was recently made by the Protes-tant Alliance in England to expel the Jesuits from that country. It was alleged that certain Jesuit priests were guilty of misdemeanors which under a law enacted in the reign of George IV. involved ban-ishment for life. How this penalty could be made to apply to those not guilty of the misdemeanors it is not clear. The courts refused to take action, holding that the law in question was obsolete. Jesuits as men have equal rights with other men, and they should not be dis-criminated against simply because they are members of the Jesuit order. There are better and more effective ways of opposing Jesuitism than by court pro-ceedings and banishment. Some Russian railways employ only members of the Orthodox Churth, and of course the officials and administrators of the government, from the Czar to the wielder of the knout, are members also of this church. On the east wall of all governmental offices is devoutly hung some "sacred" ikon, usually that of "Our Lady of Kazan," and fasts and feast days by governmental authority are nu-merous. It would seem that Russia should be the paradise for National Re-formers. But notwithstanding all this governmental or "God-in-the-Constitu-tion" religion, we are told that in Russia "even the priests are grossly intemper-ate, and public officials, even to, the high-est dignitaries, are open to bribery." In the June SENTINEL it was noted that Wm. C. Wellman, president of the New York Amalgamated Meat Cutters' and Butcher Workmen's Association, and a very active worker for Sunday-clos-ing by law among butchers, was held  for trial by a police magistrate for pur-chasing meat on Sunday, which he testi-fied that he had done in securing evi-dence against butchers. The case went to the court of special sessions, where the decision of the lower magistrate was re-versed, and Wellman was discharged. Mr. Wellman has been the leading spirit in the recent Sunday enforcement cam-paigns against butcher shops in Jersey City and Newark, N. J. Mr. John G. Wooley, who has recently made a tour around the world for the purpose of studying the condition of the liquor traffic in foreign lands, says "Eng-land will view the liquor traffic as its next great question in politics." The drink bill in England amounts to about $800,-000,000 yearly, or a sum equal to the total war expense of the nation for the past three years. And the worst feature of this is that two-thirds of the enormous quantity of liquor which this sum repre-sents is consumed and paid for by the working classes. And England is not much ahead of France, Germany and the United States in this respect: Ł According to a correspondent of the American Israelite Bible reading and the recital of the Lord's Prayer in public schools is required by law in New Jersey. But it is said that "in general the Jewish children are excused from participating in the religious exercises at Christmas and Easter." The principal of the pub-lic school in the Jewish district of Newark has promised not to read from the New Testament. That such a law as is here said to exist in New Jersey en-tails an injustice upon Jews and others, and is inconsistent with the doctrine of separation of church and state, is too ap-parent for argument. 