THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY AND ITS WORK. 7 thing, asserted the principle and the right of self-government, and upon that principle established a republicŠa gov-ernment of the people, by the people, and for the people. When this modern republic had filled its own home terri-tory with its power, and had filled the world with its name as the lover and grand examplar of liberty, "for the sake of liberty and humanity" it entered upon a career of foreign conquest. Before, as well as after these conquests, wealth came to this people in "rolling streams of gold." Wealth brought luxury ; and luxury is fast bringing loss of self-igov-eminent and the consequent indulgence, in alarming degree, of appetite, passion and violence in the individual; and this will just as certainly develop despotism in the government, because nothing short of a despotic government can con-trol such despotic individuals. The True Principle and Power of Self-Government Needed. Therefore it is that just now there needs to be preached in this modern re-public, as was preached in that ancient republic, the gospel of Christ in its di-vine purity and heavenly power, bring-ing to men and implanting in them the true principle of self-government. And, therefore, it is that just now as never before there is due, and must be deliv-ered, that message of "the everlasting gospel to preach Unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every nation and kindred and tongue and people, saying with a loud voice, Fear God and give glory to Him, for the hour of His judg-ment is come, and worship Him that made heaven and earth and the sea and the fountains of waters." Rev. 14: 6, 7. Such is the situation as it is to-day ; and such is the necessity for the con-tinued existence and work of The Senti- nel of Christian Liberty. And this work of The Sentinel of Christian Liberty, this work of proclaiming the everlast- ing gospel of Jesus Christ, and, in that, the true principle and power of self- government, restoring the virtue and in- tegrity of the individual, is, in itself, so far as it is accepted, the preservation of the state. To accept and hold in sin-cerity this gospel which The Sentinel of Christian Liberty proclaims, is truly to attain, to the vital principle upon which the American Republic was founded; and so is the very essence of American pa-triotism, as it is, in truth, Christian patriotism. And yet the day is coming, and is not far distant, when in the United States it will be treason for any man to practice the plain principles of Christianity. Not that it will be treason to profess Chris-tianity : to profess Christianity will be the very sign of salvation for the nation ; but to hold in sincerity and actually to practice the plain principles of Chris-tianity will be counted treason. And this is but to say that there will be here such an apostasy from the original, funda-mental and Christian principles of the nation, such a direct reversal of things, that to maintain in sincerity and to prac-tice the original, fundamental and Chris-tian principles of the nation will be counted only treason to the nation. And, with the perverse progress that has al-ready been made, that condition of things cannot be far off. The Beast and His Image. In the Bible Rome, from beginning to end, is only the Beast. Dan. 7 : 7, 8, I ; Rev. 13: I-Io. And there it is also de-clared that in the last times there would arise an Image of the Beast. Since Rome throughout is the Beast, and this other is the Image of the Beast, it is 