SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  593 in places where they might be subjected to temptation. Unless there is proof that the boys are committing a nuisance this court will promptly discharge all who are brought here on this charge. The recreation engaged in by these young men is nb more of a violation of the law than is walking the streets for pleasure on a Sunday. An agitation against Sunday ball play-ing was recently set on foot by the min-isters of Albert Lea, Minn. First a meet-ing "to consider the question of having the law regarding Sunday observance more generally enforced" was held at the Presbyterian church, at which "the law was read" and addresses were made by the ministers and others. This was followed by a mass-meeting in the city park, attended by several hundred people and addressed by some half dozen clergymen and others, at which a long set of resolutions was adopted appealing to "our fellow citizens, especially the members of the baseball association, to regard our feelings and refrain from baseball games and kindred sports on the Lord's day." Among the reasons given for this request were these "incon-trovertible propositions" : A restful Sabbath is a hygienic necessity. A quiet Sabbath is the greatest moral force in the world. A worshipful Sabbath is indispensable to religion. A sacred Sabbath is the mightiest police force in the land. A civic Sabbath is the strongest pillar in the temple of liberty. A secular Sabbath is destructive of all good. It was also declared that "besides all this, games of baseball and other such sports upon the Christian Sabbath are contrary to the laws of the State." Sunday enforcement seems to have been a matter of considerable interest and agitation in Trenton, N. J., of late. Some  of the ministers have been preaching "special" sermons on the subject, about fifty of the general merchandise dealers are reported to have formed an organiza-tion "for the purpose of securing the enforcement of the Sunday-closing law" and have petitioned' the mayor for "im-partial enforcement," and, as noted in these columns last month, the retail clerks have begun an active campaign for Sunday closing by law. One report also says that the superintendent of the First Baptist Sunday school "has asked the police what can be done to compel the keeper of a confectionery store near the church to suspend business Sun-days." He complains that the children spend in this store "the pennies they should have taken to Sunday school." Asa result of the efforts of the retail clerks' association, twelve merchants were tried in the police court on June 12 for Sunday selling. Eight were con-victed and fined $2 and costs each, and the rest were discharged. Through their counsel the convicted merchants gave notice that they would appeal the cases, and declared very properly that the clerks who had bought goods in obtain-ing evidence were just as much violators of the Sunday law as those who sold them the goods. In the borough court in Wallingford, Conn., on June 23, Henry Jacobs, a bar-ber, was tried on the charge of "keeping. his barber shop open and doing secular work on Sunday, June s," and was com-pelled to pay costs to the amount of $13.93. The prosecution was due to the ¥ efforts of the barbers' union, and the trial attracted considerable attention, the court room being crowded. A number of wit-nesses testified to seeing the shop open and barbering going on as alleged, and the prosecuting attorney, who had an-other attorney to assist him in the case, 