6 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. vital principle of its very existenceŠself-government in and of the individualŠthe messengers of the gospel of Christ carried and proclaimed in divine verity that vital principle. A Recorded Incident. How certainly this is so is seen in a recorded incident. At Caesarea, on a certain occasion, "when Felix came with his wife Drusilla, which was a Jewess, he sent for Paul, and heard him con-cerning the faith in Christ." And when Paul spoke concerning the faith in Christ, "he reasoned of righteousness, self-government, and judgment to come." Our common version reads "righteousness, temperance, and judg-ment to come ;" but temperance is simply self-control, and self-control is simply self-government; so that both textually and doctrinally it is literally true that in preaching the faith in Christ Paul reasoned of righteousness, self-government, and judgment to come. , And who was Felix ? A Roman gov-ernor, one of the high ones of the Ro-man state. One, too, as the others of those high ones, whose life was a daily illustration of the fact that the vital principle of the republic was utterly lost. How fitting that he should hear con-cerning the ,faith in Christ, which in very deed brings to men the vital princi-ple and power of true self-government ! And how doubly fitting, that, when he did hear concerning that faith, he should hear of righteousness, self-government, and judgment to come ! Fitting, also, that he should tremble ! For as the heavenly message was poured forth in the searching and convicting power of the>Holy Spirit, there passed before the mind of Felix, as in a panorama, the re-membrance of the times when self-gov-ernment was a characteristic of the Ro- mans, both high and low, beyond any other people of ancient times ; how that because of this they had filled the world with their power; how that conquest had brought in its train boundless wealth, luxury and loss of self-governmentŠof which he with Drusilla and the rest of his fellows in high places, as well as those in lower walks, were living ex-amples. And when all this was made to recur, and he saw in himself and throughout the empire the dreadful demonstration of it, with no hope of remedy or way of escape except only this faith in Christ, which to accept meant simply the absolute abandonment of everything in this world, how could he possibly keep from trembling? The Gospel the Preser- vation of the State. Thus the gospel of Christ, by bring-ing to men the true power of self-gov-ernment, and by restoring the virtue and integrity of the individual, was, in it-self, the preservation of the Roman state. To accept that gospel was truly to at-tain to the principle upon which the re-public rested, and was the very essence of patriotism. And yet that gospel was outlawed, and the profession of it was made to be "high treason" by the Ro-man state. That is to say : there had occurred in the Roman republic such a complete apostasy from original princi-ples, such a complete reversal of things, that for the people to espouse in per-fection the principles upon which the republic was founded, was to incur the penalty of "high treason" against the republic. A Modern Republic. In modern times, also, there arose a liberty-loving people, who cast off king-ship and all that could suggest such a 