EDITORIAL 443 ligious liberty of another as should be taken cognizance of by the law, and for the same reason that the labor or busi-ness operations of any number of men are "serious interruptions of the repose and religious liberty" of a community. Some Sunday Sophistry A correspondent writeseus from Ben-ton Harbor, Mich., that an agitation in favor of Sunday enforcement has recent-ly created some stir in the "Twin Cities" of the Michigan fruit beltŠSt. Joseph and Benton Harbor. On the evening of March 30 "the Methodist pastor spoke on Sunday closing, and the following Sunday evening, April 6, the Congrega-tionalist pastor, Rev. J. W. Cady, gave a discourse on 'Early Closing and Sunday Closing.' " The address was quite thor-oughly advertised by means of hand-bills, and "the church was nearly filled." The speaker prefaced his remarks by reading the Fourth Commandment, and also Isaiah 58: 13, 14, and Jeremiah 17: 27. The address may be summarized as follows : i. National prosperity is dependent upon Sabbath (Sunday) observance. The Jews were destroyed as a nation because of their Sabbath-breaking, and the same fate will over-take any nation that disregards the Sabbath. The nations that observe the Sabbath are the wealthiest. England and the United States were cited as examples, with the exclamation, "we can whip the world, and you all know it." France sees how England has been pros-pered in Sabbath-keeping and her statesmen are taking measures to secure its better observ-ance. "A monarchy can be run without re-ligion, but you can't have a republican govern-ment without religious principles." 2. The physical well-being of the individual is dependent upon Sabbath (Sunday) observ-ance. The Jews, because of their Sabbath ob- servance, live longer than other peoples, and are less liable to contract disease. "Those who have observed the laws of Sabbath rest have prospered physically, but when you find a peo-ple given over to seven days labor and contin- ual dissipation, you find physical degeneracy." There is a physiological law that demands one day's rest in seven: the vitality of the body is weaker at the close of a day's work than at the beginning; during the night the vitality is not quite restored to what it was the preceding morning; it keeps dropping one notch lower every day until Sunday, when "the day of rest just brings it back to a normal condition !" A draught horse that draws a load eight miles a day for six days will keep in better condition than one that draws a load six miles a day for seven days! The increasing frequency of accidents on railroads is due to "the tired nerves and weary brains of men compelled to work seven days in the week." "Greedy men and corporations," exclaimed the speaker, "are trying to get ahead of the Almighty." 3. "Sabbath desecration" makes criminals. The man who is kept at work all the time is not much better off than a mule, and his mind becomes a blank to all that is honest and good. Many criminals can trace the beginning of their downward career to "Sabbath-breaking." Employers who compel their clerks to work on Sunday in violation of the laws of God and the state, reap what they sow when a clerk goes to their till and takes what does not be-long to him, and one is no worse than the other. 4. Sunday enforcement is needed to protect rights. The man who buys on Sunday, or who employs others to work for him, is utterly sel-fish and is robbing others of their Sunday rest. The man who will not close his store on Sun-day must be restrained. The laws against stealing are for those who will not respect the rights of others; the laws against Sunday-breaking are for the purpose of restraining those who do not respect the rights of others. 5. With regard to early closing, the speaker advised the clerks to use great care and delib-eration, to remember the interests of their em- ployers, and if necessary to compromise some-what ; but he gave them no such advice with regard to Sunday closing. Addresses like the above, which are common.with the advocates of Sunday enforcement, are chiefly valuable as showing to what absurd lengths intelli-gent men are willing to go in order to secure the enforcement of a religious ob-servance, and how abjectly they will prostrate themiselves before the Sunday idol. In it all things center and con- 