540  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY organizations, as certainly as those of capital, bind the individual members, without any sort of initiative or grievance of their own, to obey absolutely the word or even the sign of the walking delegate, or chief, or president. It is well remem-bered how that, in 1894, almost half the nation was for weeks held under the dic-tation of one man, the recognized and ir-responsible head of a vast labor combina-tion ; and how that governors of great States found themselves required to con-sult that one man and obtain his permis-sion to travel in the exercise of their of-ficial duties and obligations. Let.  these combinations become unified throughout the whole land, then let a strike occur, directed by the recognized head of all, and there will be displayed such an ex-ercise of a one-man power as will threat-en the very existence of the national gov-ernment itself. It was just such violent exercise of irresponsible power by the labor combinations in the Roman Repub-lic that forced the government into the exercise of absolute and one-man power in the complete abolition of all such la-bor combinations. The government was compelled to do this to save its own ex-istence; but in the doing of this to save its existence the government was compelled to the exercise of power that was the abandonment of government by the peo-ple and was the recognition and assertion of government by one, but under legal form. By legislation Cxsar finally abol-ished all combinations of trades and la-bor. The combinations of politicians in strict party lines, well known as "machine poli-tics," under the direction of what is com-monly termed the "boss," tend directly to the development of one-man power in government. This ,is, and has been for years, recognized as entirely so in far more than one of the States of the Union. Only let this system be perfected into the  headship of national politics, let such a system become so confirmed in power as to feel perfectly safe, and there will be seen such displays of one-man power as are matched only in the life and times of the great Caesar. And only let the head of the combina-tions of capital, and the head of the com-binations of labor, and the head of the confirmed national politics come to terms and enter into a fixed agreement, and there would be a triumvirate as able as was that of Crassus, Pompey, and Caesar to decide and declare that nothing should be done in the government of the repub-lic without their consent. Does this seem to any to be fanciful? Then simply note and carefully consider how long and how subtly the combinations of labor have striven for favorable national recognition in their 'contest with capital, and also note and carefully consider the solicitous ac-tivity of the head of national politics in this very direction and to this very pur-pose for the last three years up to the very time this is being written. And with such a triumvirate once in operation, it would beÑit will beÑbut a mere question of time when it would .be resolved into government by one, ¥ and there would be seen in this Republic of the United States, as there was in that Republic of Rome, a confirmed one-man power. This is as plainly and as certainly the tendency and the logic in every way of affairs in the Republic of the United States of to-day as it ever was in the Re-public of Rome. History is to-day in this Republic repeating itself to the letter. So precisely is this true that all that is need-ed to know the future history of the Re-public of the United States is to read the history of the Republic of Rome. The people of the United States are persistently throwing away individual self-government. Not governing them-selves, there must inevitably arise a power 