"SABBATH REFORM" OPPRESSION IN PHILADELPHIA 797 of this paper and incidently mis-representing it. The intentions and motives of the personnel of the present Sabbatarian movement have been shrouded in some mystery. The events of yesterday clear the matter to this extent : It is now ap-parent that the campaign has no other motive than a desire to enforce the statutes against Sunday selling in what is sincerely conceived to be the interest of religion and of respect for law; and that the good men behind it know of no other violations of the Sunday legisla-tion than the obscure individuals whose crime consists in accepting a few old nickels for petty sales of fruit, candy, and tobacco. We hold that these gentlemen are en-gaged in a crusade unworthy of their energies in the presence of real evils, gigantic evils, appalling evils, in the combat against which they give no aid. They are neglecting weighty matters to occupy themselves with pitably triv-ial ones. They meet in a city hall rank with corruption, foul with civic dis-honors, that makes the name of Phil-adelphia a byword throughout the land ; they have assembled, fifty of them, ministers of the gospel and lead-ers in the religious life of the city, to address the mayor in formal resolution and petition. And what do they say? They thank the mayor for his "prompt action last summer in suppressing the violations of the Sunday law in the parks of our city " ! The streets down which these gentlemen passed to the city hall reek with crime and moral filth. Gamblers, boodlers, and every variety of those, men and women, who live by vice, infest them. Upon them open licensed drinking dens where the law is habitually violated and unli-censed speakeasies protected by official favor, the existence of which is a de-fiance of law; pool rooms and policy shops and houses of infamyŠknown to everybody. Is it to the existence of these things that the committee of fifty call the mayor's attention? Do they care to voice the horror of the commun-ity at the release on straw bail of human beasts who prey on young womanhood, selling it into slavery of unspeakable shame ? No. Their endeavor for right- eousness exhausts itself in giving his honor the names of small confectioners, tobacconists, druggists, and a few butchers and grocers and such like modest Š almost without exception poor Š trades folk, who have violated the blue laws of 1794, by selling, for-sooth, a glass of soda-water to a thirsty child. How is it possible to feel respect for a movement of so feeble a purpose? We are not specially concerned to point out Š though it furnishes alone a sufficient condemnation of the present crusade Š that it has nothing to say against multitudes of worse offenders on the same point of Sunday labor and Sunday selling. Why do they not pro-ceed against news-dealers? Why do they not arrest laborers on the streets, at the docks, or on the railroads, when the work is not of necessity? We say to Rev. Dr. Conwell, Rev. Dr. Stevens, and others, that they might be about better business. We urge it upon Mr. Converse that he is not doing the best work he can do. Crimes are proceeding while you, gentlemen, are arresting poor venders for selling bread and meat on a Sunday morning. Boys and girls are being ruined, and men and women dragged into tragic degradation; the whole population is being corrupted by the spectacle of iniquity seated in power, secure and unassailable ; wicked-ness, actual, monstrous, is triumphing everywhereŠwhile you, gentlemen, are breaking up Sunday peanut stands! Unsheath your swords against the dragons, Mr. Converse, Dr. Conwell, Mr. Gibbons ; don't waste your time tread-ing on the worms. This merited arraignment went home, and at once several communications came to the Public Ledger strongly pro- testing against its "injustice to the committee of fifty," and "against its attitude toward the Sabbath observance question, as voiced in the series of edi-torials on the subject." Under the double-column heading, "The Blue Law Crusade," the Public Ledger on Novem-ber 10 published on its editorial page four of these communications, together with two approving its position. Rev. 