604 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. who, we may suppose, fully believes that Sunday is a sacred day, upon which all persons are solemnly bound by decree of Heaven to abstain from worldly labors and_amusements. But suppose some one of the denOunced Sunday golfers should turn on him and ask, Why should we not play golf on Sunday? What is your evidence that Sunday golf or other forms of Sunday recreation are contrary to the mind and law of God? What could the clergy-man say in reply? Could he point them to words Of Scripture designating Sunday as the. Christian Sabbath;  and commanding people to ob-serve it by refraining from worldly occupations? No ; he would be obliged to admit.that no text in all the Bible commands anybody to stop either work or play on Sunday. No text designates Sunday as the Sabbath. The whole claim that is made for Sun-day as a sacred day of divine appointmentŠthe whole claim upon which the Rev. Mr. Bane's philip-pic against Sunday golfers was basedŠrests on mere assumption ! Jesus Christ rose from.the dead on the first day of the week; therefore we assume that the Sabbath was transferred from the seventh day to the first day in honor of that event. The church in-stituted the change from the seventh to the first day, and we assume that the transfer was in harmony with the will of God. There is no recorded command for such a change, but we assume that.Christ gave such a command to his disciples, etc. All this is only what the advocates of the lay themselves admit. The Rev. Mr. Bane's denunciations, therefore, are shorn of all. their force, save such as can be derived from mere assumption, which is certainly very little indeed. - This is the truth, and our friends who are de-nouncing people for spending Sunday in secular oc-cupations may as well look it in the face. It is a fatally weak point in the cause of which they are the champions. However conclusive in their own minds may be the arguments based on inference and tradition in support of Sunday as being the Christian Sabbath, the young men.  and women of the rising generation are certainly not blind to the weak and flimsy nature of such proofs, and it is useless to ex-pect that they will feel solemnly bound by such evi-dence. If clergymen would have their denunciations of Sabbath breaking taken seriously by well-informed people of this day they must speak in behalf of the day which really has solid support in the declara- tions of Holy Writ. s. THE RESULT OF POLITICAL CHRISTIANITY. FROM all the evidence relating to the causes of the Boxer outbreak in China thus far gathered it is clear that among the chief Was the system of politi-cal " Christianity" established by Roman Catholic missionaries. For the purely religious part of the missionary's work the Chinese care nothing. It is only when religion is made to serve a political pur-pose that their antagonism is roused. The following statements throwing light on the situation in China as regards this point are made by an English jour-nal, The Bulwark: "After China's defeat by Japan the French minis-ter plenipotentiary obtained the monstrous privilege for popish bishops embodied in the following regu-lation: In the different degrees of the ecclesiastical hierarchy the bishops, being in rank and dignity the equals of the viceroys and governors, it is conve-nient to permit them to demand interviews with the viceroys and governors.' As a viceroy in China is next to the emperor, papal bishops have obtained this rank and the privileges connected with it. Now, even consuls have no access to viceroys or gov-ernors, but the papal bishops have. Then priests are allowed the position and authority of a manda-rin, and sit and act as magistrates. And what do they do? The Rev. W. 0. Ellerich, of Chefoo, writ-ing on June 20, says: Their business really is to look after lawsuits, and the training they possess is not so much in being able to expound the Scriptures, of which they are very ignorant, but to carry on a law-suit successfully before the Chinese officials. . . . The foreign priest will back up the case before the native official, and if he refuses threatens him with the power of his country.' Another missionary, the Rev. F. M. Royal, writes: Bishops and priests are allowed the authority of a magistrate or mandarin. If of a higher rank than the_ mandarin, they sit in judgment in the case of a convert who. is accused or .is a party to a suit with a heathen, or if of equal rank the ecclesiastic sits with the magistrate and practically controls the decision.' Thus; ve are told, in order to have a friend in court, in order to save law expenses and gain cases at law, hun-dreds and thousands of Chinese turn Roman Catholic. Unscrupulous men have joined the Ro-manists in thousands here this year. In Shantung ten thousand persons have been baptized, and the Romanists claim twenty thousand adherents in four districts. This policy is deliberately carried out all over China." Ł The purpose of this religio-political system, it appears, is to facilitate the getting of converts from 