596 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. excite any general interest. Greater things are be-fore the public eye. Take note that the present time is, unusually favorable for bigotry and intolerance to do their work in this country. A few years ago the arresting and imprisoning of seventh-day Christians in various States under the Sunday laws excited no small com-ment in the public press and aroused no small de-gree of sympathetic interest in the public, mind. Should the like movement to prosecute these people be inaugurated now, or even a greater one, it is wholly unlikely that the public would either know or care anything about it. Times have changed, and we are being swiftly carried forward to events that are to mark the final, crowning struggle of Despo- tism against Liberty for world mastery. s. BENJAMIN FRANKLIN ON SUNDAY OBSERVANCE. THE following, addressed by Benjamin Franklin to some representatives of New England orthodoxy as it was in his time, expresses the view of this great American, noted for his clear discernment and prac-tical good sense, regarding the enforcement of Sun-day laws: " When I traveled in Flanders I thought of your excessively strict observation of Sunday, and that a man could hardly travel_ on that day among you upon his lawful occasions without hazard of punish-ment, while where I was every one traveled, if he pleased, or diverted himself in any other way; and in the afternoon both high and low went to the play or opera, where there was plenty of_ singing and dancing. I looked around for God's judgments, but saw no signs of them. The cities were well built, full of inhabitants; the markets well filled with plenty; people well clothed, fields well tilled, etc., which would almost make one suspect that the Deity is not so angry at that offense as a New England justice. " If Christian preachers had continued to teach as Christ and his apostles did, without salaries, and as the Quakers now do, I imagine tests would never have existed, for I think they were irlvented not so much to secure religion itself as the emoluments of it. When a religion is good I conceive that it will support itself, and when it cannot support itself, and God does not take care to.support it, so that its pro-fessors are obliged to call for the help of the civil power, it is a sign, I apprehend, of its being a bad one. " When religious people quarrel about religion, or hungry people about their vituals, it looks as if they  had not much of either among them."ŠSee "Many-Sided Franklin," by Paul Leicester Ford. POLITICS AS A DEPARTMENT OF CHRISTIANITY. DR. F. B. MEYER, one of England's most popu-lar evangelists, has just spent a month in this coun-try, during which he attended a large conference of ministers it Northfield, Mass. He is reported as saying on his return to London that " the wide-spread inclination manifested by American preachers to drag sensational topics into their sermons," so apparent foilr years ago, has largely disappeared, and instead there has come " a wide-spread return. to Scriptural exposition, to the unfolding of the con-tents of the Bible, to dealing with the deepest ques-tions of the soul." This is good. We would that all that he saw had been of the same character and tendency. But the report continues that " Dr. Meyer professes to have great faith in the ability of Chris: tian Endeavorers to purify American politics," upon which he said: "There is a generation of young men growing up which purposes to make politics a department of their Christianity. When this generation is of age I believe it will bring local and national govern-ments to an ideal planeŠat least to a plane on which will be found the best interests of the common-wealth." The fact that " there is a generation of young men growing up which purposes to make politics a department of their Christianity " is little realized by many people, but it should be known by all. It is ,a fact of such significance that all the people should be awake to it, and especially should Chris-tian people arouse to the situation. Dr. Meyer is at the head of the English Christian Endeavorers, and he doubtless knows whereof he speaks. The fact which he points out bodes no good for either reli-gion or the state. This will not be the first time that a generation of people has arisen with the determination " to make politics a department of their Christianity." A generation of this sort came with the falling away of the early church from the pure principles of the gospel. The manipulation of politics as a depart- Ł ment of their Christianity by that generation re-sulted in firmly saddling the Papacy upon the world, and from that day to this the principal work of that iniquitous system has been to make and keep poli-. 