128  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY progress among the barbers, candy deal-ers and cigar men "who desire to respect the law," to secure complete closing of these lines of business on Sunday, and that meetings with this end in view were being held in the eighteen divisions throughout the city. It is not reported whether or not the law is being employed in the matter, but a situation is being created which will bring this in due time. Two prominent merchants of Parkers-burg, W. Va., were recently arraigned in the police court of that city on the charge of selling goods on Sunday. It developed at the trial that neither mer-chant had sold anything, the officer who made the charges having simply found the merchants in their stores and the front doors open. They proved that they had refused to sell goods to persons who had come in to purchase, and stated that they were at their places of business nearly every Sunday for the purpose of working, and not to sell goods. The cases were dismissed against them, and the patrolman was warned not to be so hasty again. It is evident, however, that Sunday selling is not to be allowed in Parkersburg. The Youngstown (Ohio) Telegram announces that "hereafter there is to be no work done in Lowellville on Sunday." The saloon-keepers, who have been pros-ecuted for violating the Sunday law, de-clare that they will allow no work of any sort to be done on Sunday as long as they are compelled to keep closed, and have already caused a number of arrests. Incidents like this show the folly of fighting the saloon with a Sun-day law, and of determining the char-acter of acts because of the day on which they occur instead of by the nature of  the acts themselves. If the saloon should be closed on Sunday it should be closed because it interferes with the order and peace of the community, and not because it is open on a certain day in the week. The board of selectmen of North At-tleboro, Mass., recently announced that a strict enforcement of the Sunday laws was to begin, and had patrolmen instruct all merchants and storekeepers to keep their stores closed on Sundays hereafter. It is announced in a dispatch that this action was taken "in accordance with the request of the ministers of the townÑit might almost be said their de-mand." It is said that with one excep-tion all the Protestant ministers signed the petition to the selectmen. The one exception was Rev. Arthur W. Greener  who, it is said, "has incurred the dis-pleasure of all denominations by his de-nunciation of the ministers for affiliating with Universalists and Roman Catholics in matters of a public nature." Perhaps Mr. Greene is too much of a Protestant to join in a demand for Sunday enforce-ment. The Sunday sabbath is a Roman Catholic institution, and the enforcement of any religious observance is anything but a Protestant proceedings. The mayor of Marshall, Minn., has written a letter to the business men of that place in which he says that "it has become a custom of some of the mer-chants of this city to open their re-spective places of business on the Sab-bath day and carry on business in direct and positive violation of the law of this State," and declares that "this practise must be discontinued at once." He says that "those merchants and others en-gaged in business in the city who do not violate the Sunday laws are entitled to¥ 