132 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY rived." This principle, recognized by the highest court of the nation, applied to our " Lord's day " laws can leave no doubt as to their character. They are. only and wholly religious. That the sentiment that is now .sup-porting these laws is also religious in character, is apparent to any candid ob-server who will examine current litera-ture on the subject by advdcates of this legislation. Ł The character of these " Lord's day " laws is also seen in the exemption clause, exempting those who observe the seventh day from the penalties of the law, pro-viding they disturb no other person. A person to be exempt from compulsory cessation from both labor and amusement on the " Lord's day " must " conscien-tiously believe that the seventh day of the week ought to be observed as the Sab-bath, and actually refrain from secular business and labor on that day." The purpose of the " Lord's day " law is evident from this exemption clause, because those who are exempted must fulfil the purpose of the law by keeping another day as the law purposed to have them keep Sunday; that is, one day, either Sunday or Saturday, must be kept as the Sabbath; also that the cessation from secular business and labor on that day,is required because it is the Sabbath. Nothing could be plainer than the lan-guage of the exemption clause to prove this. The Civil Reasons Used to Justify Sunday Legislation are Fallacious There are many who believe in en-forced Sunday observance who do not believe in the principle of a religious in-stitution maintained by law. They jus-tify their position by claiming that the en-forced observance of Sunday can be rightly maintained on civil grounds, and therefore come properly under the do-main of the civil law. The following  include all of the civil reasons that are used to support Sunday laws, the fallacy of which will be readily seen : I. It is for the physical and moral good of the individual to have one day of rest in seven. TO compel an individual to rest on Sunday for his own good, is to take away his right of private judgment in a matter that pertains wholly to his own good, which right lies at the very basis of civil and religious liberty. Ordinary labor and harmless amusements are certainly not criminal in themselves; therefore every citizen, according to the principles upon which this commonwealth [Maine] was founded, has the right to engage in them whenever it may, in his judgment, contribute most to his own happiness. 2. Another civil reason given for Sun-day laws is the claim of those who re-gard Sunday as a sacred day to what they term their " right " to an undis-turbed use of the day for rest and wor-ship. The point here is as to what consti-tutes a disturbance of the rest and wor-ship of the day, which it is claimed that labor and amusement make. It certainly cannot be noise, for nothing in all the week makes so much din and noise as the church bells. Patients are often required by order of their physicians to have per-fect rest, but it is not necessary that labor and amusements in the community cease in order that they may have it. Chris-tians who observe the seventh day de-.  clare that they are not disturbed by it, although business and amusements are going on as usual on that day. It is evident from this that the disturb-ance that comes from labor and amuse-ments is not an actual disturbance, but wholly a mental disturbance that comes to those who believe Sunday to be a sacred day by seeing others refuse to con-form to the manner in which they believe 