574  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY The following resolution was adopt-ed by the New York and New England Ministerial Conference of the Evangel-ical Lutheran Synod of Missouri, Ohio and other States at Utica, N. Y., on August 27: Resolved, That we, satisfied that in this we are voicing the sentiment of all loyal Ameri-cans, do most earnestly and emphatically protest against any action taken by the Pres-ident and other public officials with reference to the demise of the late Pope whereby they accorded official recognition to the Papacy; and, furthermore, we do protest against any act or move on the part of Government of-ficials, high or low, irrespective of party af-filiations, whereby the traditional lines sep-arating church and state might be obliterated and the very pillars on which rest the glorious liberties of this country be shaken. The point is well taken. There was action taken by the President and other public officials with reference to the demise of the late Pope whereby official recognition was accorded to the Papacy, and the action was most certainly a move on the part of Government of-ficials tending toward (and this is a mild way of putting it) obliteration of the traditional lines separating church and state. It was a disregard of a fun-damental principle of the nation, a principle which is truly one of the pil-lars upon which the liberties of the country rest. IN a prayer which The Outlook pre-sented as appropriate for " the Nation " on " Thanksgiving Day of 1902," oc-curred these words: " Almighty God . . . endue with the spirit of wisdom those whom we intrust in Thy name with the authority of governance." In a high sense it is true that a believer in God as the ultimate source of or-der and justice intrusts political power in His name when he delegates au-thority to govern. But it is a very easy thing for this idea in the minds  of some people to degenerate into some-thing that is no better than the doctrine . of the divine right of kings. We believe on the whole that it is better in a democ- racy not to say that the people delegate authority to govern in the name of God. Let it be said that they delegate it in the name of right and justice. This will not be offensive to the atheist, and it will be satisfactory to all genuine believers in God, for they know that right and justice are of God. In a democracy " the author-ity of governance " comes from the people; if it comes from God through the people, very well ; that does not make it necessary to go back of the people for the authority. David Hochberg and Stephen Con-cess, from the Jewish district on the East Side, were fined $5 each for Sun- day selling in the Essex Market Police Court in New York on August 1o. One of them was found " selling peanuts in the Bowery," and the other had " opened his hardware store and sold a lock to a customer." As he imposed the fines the magistrate remarked that " the Sunday law is absolutely a dead letter on the East Side," and that " there is no more reason why Hebrews should sell locks on Sunday than that Catholics should sell liquor in the middle of the night." There is no more reason why Hebrews should be compelled to refrain from business on the Catholic Sunday than there is that Catholics should be compelled to refrain from business on the day observed by the Jews. The Sunday law should be a dead letter everywhere, but most certainly on the East Side where the people observe another day of the week. To the injury, it is said, of adjacent property a piece of track was laid by the Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Railway Company in Madison, Wis., on July 26. 