SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed in the general articles and the editorial department. [In response to requests for the classification of the items in this department with respect to.the kinds of labor, or whether it is labor, games and amusements, opening of stores, etc., for which arrests occur and over which agitations arise, we will say that it is not practicable and scarcely possible to so arrange the items. But hereafter we will give a synoptical state-ment similar to the one herewith, and this will no doubt give much better satisfaction. While we believe that no such report with regard to Sunday enforcement as we are presenting from month to month can be found anywhere else, it is by no means certain that our items cover the ground completely. But in any case conclusions must not be hastily drawn from a com-parison of the figures given. Frequently we are able to report arrests that have occurred without being able at .the time or later to report the outcome of the matter in court. The figures given will represent simply what is reported in the number in which they appear. If any reader knows of other points that it would be.  well to include in the synoptical statement, we shall be glad to have them suggested. Synopsis.ÑArrests under Sunday laws: For com-mon labor, 13 ; for keeping open store and selling, 93; for barbering, i ; for publishing, i ; for ball playing, 71; for card playing, 3; for liquor selling, 71; total, 253. Persons fined : For keeping open store and selling, 75; for playing ball, 6; for playing cards, 3; for liquor selling, I ; total, 85. Sunday enforcement agitations: Against common labor, 3 ; against open stores and selling, x6; against barbering, 1; against running street-cars, 1; against games and sports, principally baseball, 14; against theaters and saloons, 2; general agitations, 5; total 42. At least 23 of these agitations due to ministers and religious organizations. Grand jury indictments under Sunday laws: Theater managers, 3 ; liquor dealers, i6. Four ball players acquitted by juries, and 27 discharged by court order. One seventh-day observer convicted for common labor ; appeal taken to higher court. One State law passed giving innkeepers, victualers and druggists and no others privilege of selling soda-water, ice-cream and confectionery ; one city ordinance passed permitting ball playing, fishing and card play-ing; another permitting sale of. fruits, cigars, confectionery and temperance beverages under restrictions; and two city ordinances passed prohibiting ball playing.] Sunday closing is being agitated in Richburg and Church's Ferry, N. Dak. In response to petitions from citizens the city council of Clear Lake, S. Dak., has prohibited Sunday ball-playing. Sidney, Ohio, officials have been "se-verely criticised by the grand jury for not strictly enforcing Sunday closing." There were twenty-nine arrests for Sunday liquor-selling in Greater New York on June 15, and twenty-three on June 22. ¥ Sixteen indictments for Sunday liquor selling were brought in the circuit court at Nevada, Mo., on June 3. Arrests were to follow immediately. ¥ "Citizens who desire a quiet Sabbath"  have entered complaint with the police against the playing of baseball in the res-idence portion of Minneapolis. The managers of two theatres and a concert hall were recently indicted by the grand jury at Beloit, Kans., "on a charge of violating the Sunday law by giving theatrical performances on the Sabbath." The Y. M. C. A., of Elgin, Ill., has "taken the initiative in fighting Sunday baseball" in that city. The mayor and police recently refused to permit a Sun-day parade through the streets by the local ball team. In the criminal district court at Provi-dence, R. I., recently four boys were fined $3 and costs each for playing ball on Sunday, and three men were fined $5 and costs each for plq,ying cards on Sun-day. 