SOME THOUGHTS ON RELIGIOUS FREEDOM  675 to maintain. Government must legislate with due regard to the rights of all citi-zens, and it cannot do this when special favor is shown to a class of citizens, as is done in the matter of Sunday legisla-tion. The religious liberty of the Sunday observer, so far as government is con-cerned, is amply protected when he is not interfered with in the observance of the day nor denied any civil right because of such observance; when he has the privi-lege of refusing to work on that day and is protected against all violence and in-timidation in the matter. To be told that he cannot continue in his position unless he works on Sunday does not constitute such an interference. There are some things that government cannot enter into, some things that must be left to adjust themselves, and this is one of them. Government cannot insure people against all hardship and difficulty in life, and certainly not in the matter of religious profession and practise. would be a sorry thing for the human race and for religion if it could. The fact is government cannot insure religious liberty at all; religious liberty is something entirely beyond its sphere. It can only protect men in their rights as between man and manÑin their natural, civil rights. It has no business to take cognizance of religious rights. If citi-zens are equally protected in their rights as between man and man, their religious liberty must be left to take care of itself. Church-and-state-union has always been for the avowed purpose of protecting what were supposed to be the religious rights of men, and even the Inquisition itself was operated with this object in view. The result was that men were ruthlessly despoiled of their natural, hu-man rights. Fortunately it has been learned that government has only to do with civil things, and that no alleged re-ligious right must be "protected" at the cost of civil freedom. On September 15 the hearing of the first case to be submitted to the Interna-tional'Court of Arbitration since the in-stitution of that tribunal twenty-one months ago, began at The Hague. The dispute is a very trifling matter so far as its international importance is con-cerned, and curiously enough this first case is for the purpose of determining a dispute with regard to certain funds claimed by the Catholic Church, and Catholic ecclesiastics are the parties chiefly interested in it. But as it Comes before the Court of Arbitration it is a dispute between Mexico and the United States. It is known as the "Pious Fund" case or dispute. It seems that in 1697 certain persons in Mexico made valuable contributions to the Jesuit and other or-ders for the purpose of establishing and  supporting Roman Catholic missions in the Californias. A portion of this was given in trust to afford a permanent rev-enue for the same purpose. In 1767 the Spanish government expelled the Jesu-its, and the revenue from the fund there-after went to the Franciscans. After se-curing her independence in 1821 Mexico took charge of the fund, and in 1842 sold the properties of the fund and guaran-teed 6 per cent. on it in perpetuity to the church authorities of the diocese of Cali-fornia. When California was ceded to the United States in 1848 Mexico stopped paying interest, but in 1873, in accord-ance with an award that had been made in favor of the church authorities by an arbitrator, paid the interest up to 1869, the sum amounting to more than $9oo,-000. Since that time nothing has been 