femitilmail , & CifaLSTIAN 8JZER717 Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States devoted to the exposition and defense of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of Church and State. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. Entered as Second-class matter at the New York Post-office. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual! We deny the right at any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the Part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be our duty, and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. Ł TERtIS OP SUBSCRIPTION. Single copy, six  per yearnths  $1.00  .50 " " three months   .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  5.25 Ł CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .7o Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving Tux SENTINEL or CHRISTIAN Li BEATY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantiŠties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate-the time to which your subscription is paid. In case-of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give- both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. Our( Kansas City Branch House has a few-books which are slightly damaged by water,. or the cloth covers shelf-worn, or some other small defect. The bindings are all right and the paper stock neat and clean; only the out--side cloth or leather covers is all that is spot-ted or damaged. These books will be sent. postpaid, while the stock lasts, at the follow-. ing low prices, which in many cases is half-price, with postage free. Best Stories from the Best Book, Cloth St Si " " " " Board .... 35 Beware, a story for girls, Cloth .  Bible and Its Story, The, Cloth  Bible Readings for the Home Circle, Cloth I  25 Bible Readings for the Home Circle, Half-morocco  1.50 Bible. Readings for the Home Circle, Cloth, German 40. I 75 14 tt It Half-morocco .....1 75 St 41 Cloth, gilt I  5o. Eden to Eden, Cloth, plain, English or German 65 Eden to Eden, Cloth, gilt, English or German ..  Gospel Primer, Cloth  .35 Great Controversy, The, Half-morocco 2.00,  Health : How to find it, Cloth  His Glorious Appearing, Cloth  Home Hand Book, Cloth, plain  Ladies' Guide, Cloth Man the Masterpiece, Cloth Patriarchs and Prophets, Cloth, plain Prophecies of Jesus, Cloth, gilt edges Science in the Kitchen, Cloth Two Republics, The, Half-morocco First come, first served. These prices are- very low, and cash must accompany all orders. Address, The Pacific Press Publishing Company, IS W. Fifth St., Kansas City, Mo- I  30. Christ Our Saviour, Fancy cloth, gilt top... .75 if Board .  It at " Board, Spanish Daniel and Revelation, Library  .65 35 3.5o. 2  00 Ł 2  00. I0.) I  25 1  20 2.00,  