EDITORIAL 309 and brutal manner. If the accusation now made be true, this is the most horri- ble of all these crimesŠthat of matri-cide ; for the woman lived with her son, and so far suspicion has fastened upon him. But the case which engages the great-est attention, so great that the others are almost forgotten, is that of a beautiful young woman who is accused of the mur-der of a young man. This case contains the element that enlists always the widest human interestŠthe relationship between men and women. What began in parent-al negligence and seeming youthful af-fection ends in murder. The intervening folly and its bitter accompaniments lead-ing to the final desperate deed can only be gathered, from what now appears. It is said that the young woman, who is now on trial, will soon be a mother, and it is alleged that the man whom she is accused of murdering is the father of her child. This case is naturally turning attention to present social conditions, for it is pre-dicted that the testimony which will be adduced in the course of this trial will affect other young people of good social standing, and that the reputations of some will be ruined. Among those who have not hesitated to speak plainly of present conditions in this respect are Mrs. John A. Logan and Rev. Newell Dwight Hillis, D.D. In a communica-tion to the New York Journal of March io, Mrs. Logan says she does not wish to be considered a "croaker," but that she "cannot refrain from calling attention to the evidences daily witnessed of the al-most criminal carelessness of parents of the present day in the matter of constant vigilance in the care of their children." She says that "girls and boys, especially of wealthy and well-to-do families, are allowed to grow up with almost a total  disregard of parental authority." Dr. Hillis says that "according to the Ameri- can nowadays the revised version of the Bible seems to be, 'Obey your children,' " We quote further from Mrs. Logan : Ł . To one brought up under the stricter ob- servances of the rules of propriety and wo-manly modesty, purity of mind and heart, un-der the old regime, the rooms of many of the young men and girls, in their homes and the boarding-schools of to-day, furnish mate-rial for reflection and alarm at the moral de-generacy of the present generation. Pictures of actors and actresses in all the roles outside the legitimate drama; all the instruments nec-essary for the various games and amusements now in vogue, adorn the walls and the places of their instalment, displacing in the young ladies' rooms all of the old-time accessories of work table, writing desk, musical instruments, artists' materials and easels, and other femi-nine requirements. Too many young men al-low their minds to be filled with the knowledge of sports, instead of that of the useful and practical so necessary for success and the at-tainment of high place in the world. Mrs. Logan then describes the sports of the present day to which so many young men and young wo- men are devoted, and says that this indiscriminate association of the sexes, the careless style of dress adopted for these games, and the consequent careless-ness of maners, engenders "a disregard for the delicate instincts of modesty in women and less respect for womanhood in men," producing a condition that "is appalling to every thoughtful, refined person." She says further : Men think nothing of saluting their female acquaintances in the most familiar wayŠjoin-ing them in the street, promenading and loiter-ing about the parks and places of resort as if they were members of the same household. Numerous young women bedeck themselves in all their gorgeousness and walk up and down the streets and avenues of the towns and cities, knowing they will pass places frequented by young men, purposely designing to attract their attention, and, if possible, inveigle them into joining them, many expecting that the young 