EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 709 tion it was claimed was being disre-garded by the Treasury Department. Mr. Wilbur F. Crafts, of the " Reform" Bureau, was the leader in this work, which seems to have consisted. of pres-sure upon officials by means of corre-spondence, interviews and petitions. When this was accomplished it seemed that the safety of the "Sabbath" at the exposition was assured, and that hence-forth all would be smooth sailing. But it seems now that again the promoters of the virtue of formal and compulsory "ŁSabbath" observance must bestir themselves in the matter, or their work will be in vain (which of course it will be in any worthy sense anyhow). On October 15, synchronous with the pub-lication of the quotation already given, the Washington correspondent of the New York Tribune wrote to that paper the following with regard to the new development and the previous history of this Sunday-closing matter : Some question as to the afficacy of the regulation designed to enforce the observance of the "American Sunday" at the Louisiana Purchase Exposition at St. LouisŁ next year has been raised in Washington, and it is likely that Congress at its next session, at the instance of many zealous advocates of a weekly rest day, will undertake to meet a contingency which had not arisen when it voted an appropriation of $5,-000,000 of government money for that enterprise. When the subject was under discussion the exposition authori-ties accepted a Sunday-closing pro-vision, which was tacked on at the end of the bill just before its passage, but they have worn a broad, sarcastic smile whenever the subject has since been broached. The provision appears in the act of March 3, 1901, as section 25, which reads : "That, as a condition precedent to the payment of this appropriation, the directors shall contract to close the gates to visitors on Sundays during the whole duration of the fair." After the organization of the exposi- tion company and the appointment by President Roosevelt of the non-parti-san commission authorized by Congress to supervise the expenditure of the government's money, the problem of the Sunday-closing contract presented itself to the Treasury Department, and some delay occurred. It is said that the directors of the exposition com-pany, as well as the government com-missioners, met on several occasions and adopted resolutions to authorize the officers of the company to enter into a contract with the Treasury Depart-ment for Sunday closing. The various resolutions received careful considera-tion by the legal advisers of Secretary Shaw, but each was successively re, jected as possessing insufficient binding quality. In the meantime the pay of the government's commission was with-held, and accumulated for several months. Finally the exposition com-pany, deciding to comply with the sug-gestion of the Solicitor of the Treas-ury, on July 8, 1902, resolved to have a majority of its directors sign a con-tract on the subject of Sunday closing on terms which were satisfactory to the Treasury. This contract, in its binding clause, provides: "Now, therefore, in consideration of the payment and disbursement in the manner provided for by said act, of said $5,000,000 appropriated as afore-said in aid of said exposition, it is hereby covenanted and' agreed by said St. Louis Purchase Exposition Com-pany and by the directors of the said company, that the gates of the exposi-tion grounds shall be closed to visitors on Sundays during the whole time and duration of said fair or exposition." This contract, signed individually by a majority of the directors, while it has been criticised in some quarters as loose, is regarded as in strict compli-ance with the terms of the section under which it was drawn, and is de-clared to be a complete prohibition against opening the gates of the exposi-tion grounds on Sunday. Since its execution, however, and since the dedi-catory exercises last April, the exposi-tion company has acquired control of the adjoining Catlin property, with the 