TWO CHAPTERS comes forward and publishes with a loud voice : The Senate and people of Rome and Titus Quintius, the general, having overcome Philip and the Macedonians, set at liberty from all garrisons and taxes and imposts, the Corinthi-ans, the Locrians, the Phocians, the Eubceans, the Phtihot Achxans, the Magnesians, the Thessalians. and the Perrhwbians, declare them free, and ordain that they shall be gov-erned by their respective laws and usages. At these words, which many heard but imperfectly because of the noise that interrupted them, all the spectators were filled with excess of joy. They gazed upon and questioned one another with astonishment, and could not believe either their eyes or ears ; so like a dream was what they saw and heard. It was thought necessary for the herald to re-peat the proclamation, which was now listened to with the most profound si-lence, so that not a single word of the decree was lost. And now fully assured of their happiness, they abandoned themselves again to the highest trans-ports of joy and broke into such loud and repeated acclamations that the sea resounded with them at a great distance, and some ravens, which happened to fly that instant over the assembly, fell down in the stadium ; so true it is, that of all the blessings of this life, none are so dear to mankind as liberty ! The games and sports were hurried over, without any attention being paid to them ; for so great was the general joy upon this oc-casion that it extinguished all other sen-timents. The games being ended, all the people ran in crowds to the Roman gen-eral, . . . . every one being eager to see his deliverer, to salute him, to kiss his hand, and to throw crowns and festoons of flowers over him. . . . The remembrance of so delightful a day, and of the valuable blessings then bestowed, was continually renewed, and for a long time formed the only subject  OF HISTORY 757 of conversation at all times and in all places. Every one cried in the highest transports of admiration, and a kind of enthusiasm, "that there was a people in the world who, at their own expense and the hazard of their lives, engaged in a war for the liberty of other nations ; and that not for their neighbors or people situated on the same continent, but who crossed seas and sailed to distant climes to destroy and extirpate unjust power from the earth, and to establish univer-sally law, equity, and justice. That by a , single word, and the voice of a herald, liberty had been restored to all the cities of Greece and Asia. That a great soul only could have formed such a design ; but that to execute it was the effect at once of the highest good fortune and the most consummate virtue." They called to mind all the great bat-tles which Greece had fought for the sake of liberty. "After sustaining so many wars," said they, "never was its valor crowned with so blessed a reward as when strangers came and took up arms in its defense. It was then that almost without shedding a drop of blood or losing scarce one man, it acquired the greatest and noblest of all prizes for which mankind can contend. Valor and prudence are rare at all times ; but of all virtues justice is most rare. Agesilaus, Lysander, Nicias, and Alcibiades had great abilities for carrying on war and gaining battles, both by sea and land ; but then it was for themselves and their country, not for strangers and foreigners, they fought. That height of glory was reserved for the Romans.ŠFrom Book XIX., Chap. I., Rollin's "Ancient His-tory." It was decreed in particular [by the Roman Senate] that the Macedonians and Illyrians should be declared free, in order that all nations might know that the end of the Roman arms was not to 