26 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of their duty, the law and the facts which they presumed to criticise. Their duty as jurors is to "indict viola-tors of the law," and not to condemn those who seek to have a law enforced which has received the approval of all our courts, supreme and county, for over a century. We recommend to the grand jury and our citizens generally the following decision of the court : In Commonwealth vs. Funk, Ninth Pennsylvania, Quarter Sessions Wash-ington County Court Reports, 278, Pres-ident Judge Mcllvaine, on April 14, 1890, says : "It may have been a con-venience and gainful to his employers ; but if we decide that necessity means convenience and gain, we emasculate the statute and sweep away the guards which the legislature threw around not only the morals of society, but the' physical health and well-being of both men and beasts. If Sunday be sur-rendered to the fierce rivalry to get gain, or to a disposition to conduct business in the most convenient way, it might as well be blotted from the calendar of days. But we have no right to give up this institution. It has come down to us with the most solemn sanc-tions, both of God and man, and if we do not appreciate it as we ought, we are at least bound to preserve it. `Our duty,' says Chief Justice Wood-ward, 'requires us to construe the stat-ute so as to accomplish its purpose, which was to enforce the observance of Sunday instead of obliterating it.' " The justification which the gentle-men offer for the work for which they were rebuked is no justification at all. Those who have watched them know, without having court decisions quoted to them to show it, that the purpose of their persecution and oppression of the small dealers in Philadelphia has been "to enforce the observance of Sunday," to "preserve" that religious "institution." But the fact that its purpose is to enforce a religious observ-ance and to "preserve" a religious in-stitution is hardly a sufficient justifica-tion, in this country, for a civil stat- ute and its enforcement, especially when it is enforced in the manner in which the Sunday law has been en-forced in Philadelphia during the past year. A million court decisions could not justify such a "law" or such en-forcement of it. The decision quoted is all that any one could wish to estab-lish the fact that the Sunday "law" and its enforcement is an outrage upon the natural and constitutional rights of citizens. A. Grand Juryman Responds The resolutions adopted by the Pres- byterian clergymen led one of the grand jurymen to make this response in a communication to the Public Ledger: Knowing that the Public .Ledger stands forth pre-eminent for all that is just and right, I therefore beg to call attention to the resolutions passed by the Ministerial Association of the Pres-bytery of Philadelphia, wherein the No-vember grand jury is denounced for calling the public's attention to the in-justice done by the un-Christianlike prosecuting and persecuting of the poor cigar and candy storekeeper, who is trying to earn much-needed daily bread, and who is obliged to sell on Sunday that he may earn that daily bread. I beg to state that the grand jury did no more than the duty that was incumbent on them. They had the right to criti-cise, for they had sufficient evidence which fully warranted much-disliked criticism. It is further asserted that the grand jury does not regard law and order. I have but to refer to the work of that November grand jury. We were in session twenty-three days, and during that time we found 1,096 true bills, referring to all nature of crime. Let this ministerial association remem-ber that in the city of Wilmington, Del., a short time ago, a minister incited the people into such a state that law and order were in no way regarded, and through his pulpit utterance the fair name of the State of Delaware was blackened. The Ministerial Association of the Presbytery of Philadelphia can render better service than criticising 