18o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY foundation upon which Gregory VII. and Innocent III. exalted themselves to the place of supreme power in the earth, and upon which has rested the arrogant pre-tensions of every temporal and "spiritual" despot who has sat in " the chair of St. Peter," was thus reiterated_ and affirmed by the Jesuit orator at the " jubilee " cele-bration in St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York on the 3d instant : Great, splendid, inspiring as is the figure of Leo, there is a form beside him, radiant with heavenly light, that of Jesus Christ, the Son of God. Our hearts indeed thrill with joy to-day, as we hail the glorious Pontiff, crowned with his triple crown, but with all our joy goes the living, inspiring knowledge, which none better than the illustrious Pontiff comprehends ift all its awfulness, that, great, though he be in all that is truly noble, magnifi-cent and splendid in humanity, he is greatest because he is the Vicar of Jesus Christ, against whose Church the gates of hell can never pre-vail. " It seems impossible that it is twenty-five years since I have been there," is said to have been the exclamation of Leo XIII. as he looked from the window of his apartments into the large oval or square in front of St. Peter's early in the morning of the day of the celebration .of the twenty-fifth anniversary of his election as Pope. Although the cathedral .of St. Peter's is considered a part of the Vatican, the Piazza in front is not, and ' the Pope was referring to his long term of self-imposed imprisonment, during which he has never gone beyond the Vatican's bounds." This babyish course of playing the " prisoner of the Vatican," which has been so strictly and strenuously adhered to by the heads of the Roman Church since she lost her temporal do-minions, is a striking evidence of the fact that the exercise of dominion and temporal power is a fundamental and deep-seated principle of the Papacy. The Independent thinks " the conserv- atives " in the Roman Catholic Church in this country " are more papal than the Pope." It is gratifying to know from this source that there is something papal somewhere in the Papacy, even though it is to be found only among " the conserv-atives " of the hierarchy in this country. These " conservatives " are not more papal than the Pope; they are simply without, or are not in a situation where they need to exercise, that " skill," that " sagacity," that " tact and diplomacy," that " gentle forbearance," that " sublime acquiescence," that " patient statesman-ship," which the papal orators and others have very recently been telling us is the secret of the Pope's wonderful success in regaining for " the Church " influence and power among the nations. And this is the secret of the belief among Protestants that the Pope is not at all papal. If they wereŁwilling to see it they could very plainly see in that very thing that he is marvellously papal. C. How the papal orators and editors in their eulogies of the Pope have shown forth, unconsciously no doubt, and therefore most significantly, the fact that the spirit of the Papacy is the spirit of rulership, that the idea which above all else possesses her is the idea of dominion, of authority both temporal and " spiritual " over peoples and nations. One of them, whose voice arises from what was once Puritan New England, tells us that " nine European sovereigns and nineteen presidents of re-publics bow before the spiritual authority of the Pope " ; that " there is no crowned head in Europe or any other country to' compare with him " ; and that " he who occupies the chair of St. Peter may be said without exaggeration to be the greatest man in the world to-day." The Jesuit orator at the '` gorgeous cere-monial " at St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York on the 3d instant, in " charac- 