548 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY of the Quebec Alliance, spoke in terms of approbation of the heartiness of the co-operation in the movement of Archbishop Bruchesi of Montreal." So the Canadian Sunday enforcement organization, repre-senting the Protestant religious bodies, is securing the cooperation of organized labor and the Roman Catholic hierarchy in its evil cause of religion by law. Such expressions as " the law of God and our Province," " the sacred character, claims and privileges of the Lord's Day and the importance of its observance as a day of rest by all members of the community," " its preservation and safe-guarding from profanation," " proper measures for the due keeping of that day in which God claims a special property and which com-memorates the resurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ from the dead," etc., which abounded in the speeches and resolutions, are sufficiently indicative of the religious motive and object of the movement. The presiding officer, Rev. Caven, president of the Ontario Alliance, declared that " in this matter of the observance of the Lord's Day people must realize that the material interest must be side-tracked to give the right of way to the spiritual in-terests of the community." So it is "spiritual interests" that these clergy-men are seeking to advance by means of civil enactments and their enforcement. The spirit of the movement was plainly shown by many utterances made during the meeting. The president of the Quebec. Alliance, Rev. Dr. Hill, made these state-ments : I love the Puritan Sabbath, and while much has been said against the methods pursued by them [the Puritans], it is apparent that they .were forced by the law breakers to do as they ,did; and the people who are opposing us to-day are driving us to take severe measures 'with them. We must use the gentle methods, but if they fail, then we will be obliged to use stern methods. The law of the land expresses the public opinion of the majority, and they [the majority] will give you [those who are opposing us "] such liberty as they desire, and  if this is not agreeable you will have to leave Canada. These people who protest by word of mouth and who write against this movement ought to be in the penitentiary. There can be no mistaking the spirit of this utterance, which is the spirit of the whole Sunday-observance-by-law move-ment; it is the spirit of intolerance and persecution, if there ever was such a thing. The class of persons that the speaker had in mind and to whom he re-ferred is no doubt indicated by this ut-terance\of Dr. Caven : Our position need not be misunderstood. We say that individuals may religiously observe the seventh day, but they must legally obey the first day. It is the religious observers of the sev-enth day that trouble these religious champions of Sunday enforcement in Canada. They are the Mordecais in the gate whose failure to reverence the Sun-day sabbath is most galling. They stand in the way of the institution's being duly honored and safeguarded by law. They " ought to be in the penitentiary," and if they are not placed there " will have to leave Canada." No, the position of the leaders of the " Lord's Day " Alliance of Canada need not be misunderstood; it is too apparent and manifest. And because it is so plain there is no reason why every person in Canada who stands for civil and religious liberty, who is opposed to in-tolerance and persecution, should not res-olutely and uncompromisingly set him-self in opposition to their aims and pur-poses. It takes the world a long time to learn some things. In view of the Sunday-enforcement spirit so widely man-ifested to-day it would seem that many have not yet learned of the high principle thus clearly set forth by Sidney Smith in the columns of the Edinburgh Review ninety-four years ago: The greatest delicacy is required in the appli-cation of violence to moral and religious senti- Sidney Smith with Regard to Sunday Enforcement 