602 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY English, that they get any impression in that direction? If you wish to use the Bible for that, let us have a text-book prepared, the finest specimens of the Bible selected, and let it be used as a reading book. I should have no objection. Those, however, who look upon the Bible as an absolutely infallible, divine revelation would think that a degradation of the book : it would not satisfy them ; and for that reason, in my judgment, it is not a practical solution of the problem. The Injustice of Having the Bible in the Schools Let us come back then to the point of having the Bible out of the schools. Years ago I fought for this in Massachu-setts, for the sake of justice to the Cath-olic Church : that is what I was fighting for then. The Catholics have always ob-jected to the reading of our translation of the Bible with Protestant comment or with no comment at all; and their conten-tion is right and just. If a Catholic is sincere, he believes that the teaching his child his religion means the eternal wel-fare of that child. Can you expect him to sit down then patiently and calmly while you, without any warrant in justice, compel his children to submit themselves to an influence that threatens the eternal welfare of their souls? Is that fair? Would you like it yourselves? Here in this city now are thousands and thousands of Jewish children attending the public schools. They are among our best scholars. Their parents object, and they have a right to object, to having thrust upon their children the consideration, the teaching of a religion which has stood as the symbol of persecution and horror for them for fifteen hundred years. Would you like it yourselves? Is it fair to the Jews ? There are in the cityŠnot a great many of them, I supposeŠBud-dhists, Mohammedans ; there are follow-ers of Confucius; there are representa-tives of many of those faiths which we  call pagan. They are taxed to help sup-port the public schools. Have we a right to thrust upon their children the teaching of that which they distinctly and def-initely repudiate? There are agnostics, there are atheists, I suppose, a few; but nobody doubts that the son of an atheist, the son of an agnostic, Mohammedan, Buddhist, Parsee, Hindu, Jew, can be a good citizen. And the only interest of the state is that he shall be a good citizen ; and we have no business to thrust upon them as a part of their education that which has nothing to do with the matter of their being good citizens, and which at the same time violates the most sacred convictions of their souls. If we could all agree on some religion; if everybody believed alike, worshiped the same God in the same way, and had the same ideas of this world and the next Šthen of course nobody would complain; and, while it would not be the business of the state any more than it is now to teach religion, it might be taught with-out marked injustice. But it cannot be so taught to-day. I believe then that, when the matter comes up for discussion and settlementŠas come up it willŠwe ought to be ready to treat it from the broadest point of view in the interest of justice and right. Another Violation of Principle I would carry the matter further if I had my way. I believe that all strictly church property ought to be taxed. Why not? As it is to-day, there are millions of money invested in property dedicated simply to some particular form of religion and millions which are not taxed. You and I, who do not believe that religion at all, have to make up by our over-taxation for the deficit caused by this ex-emption. I would have all strictly char-itable institutions free. But I do not know why a Jew should be taxed to help support the Church of the Messiah; 