THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 617 never sought to obtain for them. Go into an as- this assumption, for in enacting and enforcing such sembly of artisans and talk about the church hav- laws it is assumed by the governing power that it ing obtained for them additional rest or easier work- can legislate without delegated authority, and can ing hours, and the majority of the men will laugh at enforce laws which have' absolutely no' function in you. One reason that the working classes have so the protection of human rights. The power to en-little sympathy with the churches is because the act religious laws can not be delegate4l, because no churches have had so little sympathy with them. human being has an iota of authority in such mat-What the workingmen have obtained they have ters over any other human being. Therefore all fought for as workingmen, not as Christians. In such legislation, not being necessary for the protec-fact, the capitalists who support the big churches tion of human rights and having no authority or Ł have been slowest to yield to the demands of the support but the will of those in power, is necessarily toiler. It is because of this that the masses, who an assumption and exercise of arbitrary power. would be downtrodden were it not for their own Those who jeer at the Declaration and declare its exertions, have little or nothing to thank the churches principles to be without foundation in history and for in the matter of a reduction of the hours of toil, incapable of syllogistic justification, and who assert and they know they can keep Sunday as a day of that the nation has crossed the Rubicon of imperial rest without the help of the Lord's Day Alliance. responsibility, hold that the persons occupying the Thus thanking the church for nothing they are leav- places of responsibility and authority in the Ameri-ing the church to mind its own business, which is, can Government are warranted in the exercise of unfortunately, largely that of running a sort of a absolute and arbitrary rule over masses of men and religious club of a more or less exclusive character, countries of peoples. and they are taking their enjoyments when and The claim to such authority and power is by no where they see fit. My esteemed brother of the means original with those who now make it. On a Westminster, when he next makes an appeal on be- certain notable occasion the exercise of this power half of the Lord's Day Alliance, would be wise not for very similar purposes and under very similar to use any of the pharisaical expressions which ,no circumstances was claimed in very similar terms. longer appeal to the real workers, but instead openly The answer made at that to this claim was ample declare that he fears that his craft and that of his fel- then and it is ample now. It was an arraignment low-ministers is in danger. of the doctrine of arbitrary power that will be suffi- cient and unanswerable so long as truth and justice shall endure. In brief, the circumstances which TRARY POWER. EDMUND BURKE ON THE DOCTRINE OF ARBI- c'alled forth this language were these: In extending the commerce and trade of his THE quotations from prominent Americans re- country and introducing the blessings of Anglo-cently given in these columns under the heading Saxon civilization the first governor-general of Eng-" Departing from American Principles," when sifted land's greatest dependency proceeded to govern to their real essence, are an fvowal of the doctrine without reference to the principles or constitution of of arbitrary power for the American Government. the country of his birth. After a dozen years of this The principles of the' Declaration of Independence humane (?) dominion outside .of law and constitu-are jeered and scoffed at because they maintain the tional principles his administration had become so equality of all men in their right to civil and reli- corrupt and so oppressive that his countrymen who gious freedom and can not be made to liarmonize cared for liberty and for human, rights without par-with the assumption that dominion is the natural tiality for race or color, though separated by and necessary prerogative of some men and sub- oceans and continents from the scenes of his jection the natural and necessary portion of other desolating tyrannies, could endure it no longer men. and demanded his impeachment. And notwith- . All legislation based upon such assumption is an standing the personal favor and friendship of the assertion and exercise of arbitrary powerŠthat is, 'sovereign (George III.) and the almost irresistible government solely by the will and pleasure of the influence and power secured by the possession of governing. All religious legislation is based upon millions of rupees accumulated during his rule, 