SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  529 and was claimed to represent the unan-imous desire of the church membership. The mayor notified the ball players that any more attempts to play ball on Sun-day would be followed by arrests. But soon a disagreement arose between the mayor and the ministers' "Law and Order" League as to who should push the prosecutions when arrests occurred. The ministers insisted that' the mayor should take the full responsibility in the matter, and the outcome was that on June 13 he rescinded his order prohibit-ing Sunday playing. A somewhat new phase of the Chinese labor-competition question, but scarcely a new way of dealing with it, is reported from Helena, Mont. The labor unions have decided that the Sunday work of Chinamen is not to their (the unions) in-terest, and have inaugurated a movement "to compel the Chinese to remember the Sabath day and keep it holy." Mr. R. K. Hill, of Helena, is quoted on the sub-ject as follows : It may seem odd to the casual observer that the labor unions should take such an interest in the observance of Sunday. There seems to be an opinion general in Montana that the miner has not much regard for things spirit-ual and perhaps he hasn't from one point of view, but from another he has, viz.: Sunday as a day of rest. Now, the Chinese don't be-lieve in resting. You know that the average "Chink" will work twenty-three out of twenty-four hours, seven days a week and 365 days a year. That's where the complaint is. The miners believe that the Chinese should be com-pelled to rest on the seventh day. In order to force this rest on the Chinese the union has asked the city authorities to compel the Orien-tals to rest on Sunday. In previous numbers we have noted the fact that the city of Winnipeg, Mani-toba, has been-given the power by the provincial government to submit to the people of that city the question of inaug- urating Sunday street-car service. Al-though the question is not to be voted upon until December, the religious forces are already bestirring themselves in the matter. In May a convention of Presbyterian ministers was held in the city, and by unanimous action a commit-tee was appointed to oppose 41 agitation in favor of Sunday cars. Methodist clergymen who were interviewed de-clared themselves opposed to the innova-tion, also, and predicted that at the an-nual district meeting soon to be held the Methodist clergy would "take a stand in line with that of the Presbyterian Church." The Anglican clergymen who,  have expressed themselves seem to favor the Sunday car movement. One of them thought it would "not result in turning the day of rest into a holiday," and "pointed out that the same amount of labor that is caused by a man hiring a rig and driving his family to church would be sufficient to accommodate two or three score of people on the street-cars." It is announced that, as the result of the efforts of Rev. J. W. Stephens, of the First Methodist Church, of Green-field, Mass., "Sunday golf is dead in.  Western Massachusetts." Early in May Mr. Stephens began an agitation against Sunday ball playing, and was asked why he did not give his attention "to the golf links, which were maintained by the 'up-per ten.' " He declared that he would, and "talked with the venerable Bishop Mallalieu concerning the matter, and the bishop advised him to go ahead," He preached on the subject, and announced that he would go to the links himself on Sundays to secure information "to be laid before the district-attorney," and would "demand that warrants be issued for the guilty ones." He read the clause of the State law prohibiting "any sport, game, play or diversion" on the "Lord's. 