The Scoomeil 7 OF ZWROL7213H 11131E2777 NEW YORK, AUGUST, 1902 A Dangerous Tendency By Alonzo T. Jones No. 9 TliERE is to-day in the United States a widespread and persistent ten-dency to a result which in theory everybody repudiates, but which in prac-tise, in one way or another, the great mass of the people are steadily urging forward. This tendency has been in progress for years, and is now so plainly working on every hand that it is fairly startling; yet it all goes on so steadily and so smoothly as to seen] so much a matter of course that very few discern it in its true mean-ing. It is the tendency to a one-man power in this republic, which is professedly a government of the people, by the people. The stupendous combinations of capi-tal, in the uncontrollable greed and rush for wealth, in which one man holds the power to dictate in a whole business throughout the whole land, are tending more than to anything else to the develop-ment of a one-man power. Several years ago it was stated by one of the highest authorities on the subject that, because of the immense wealth which they con-trolled, it was in the power of only four-teen men to control the nation itselfÑnot politically, but materially. And it is perfectly safe to say that to-day that,,  number is much less than fourteen. And when these men have already become so conspicuous as to attract the courteous attention of kings in other countries, it will not be long, under existing circum-stances, before they will be deferred to to such an extent here that they can easily exercise an unwonted power. Let there occur a situation in which the general safety of capital shall be threatened, and let these combinations affiliate under one recognized head for defense, and there could easily be a manifestation of one-man power that would threaten the inde-pendence and supremacy of the very gov-ernment itself. It was Crassus, the chief of the money power and head of the trusts in the Roman "government of the people by the people," who, in combina-tion with but two other men who were strong politically, took absolute posses-sion of the whole government in that an-cient republic; which combination shortly and logically ended in the sheer absolu-tism of one-man in permanency. The combinations of labor, in the unions, federationsã and amalgamations that characterize labor throughout the nation to-day, are tending directly to the development of a one-man power. These 