NOTE AND COMMENT In its review of religious tendencies during 1901 the Boston Transcript says that "among all religious bodies there is marked effort to give greater dignity to public worship." The nature of this "dignity" may be gathered from these sentences : "Vested choirs have in-creased rapidly in number among Meth-odists and Lutherans. Churches built new have been far more ecclesiastical in architecture without and within than formerly. The week of prayer in Janu-ary is giving way to observance of Holy Week. Easter is observed everywhere, and many churches keep Lent that never kept it before." There were 7,852 murders committed in the United States last year, but only 107 executions for murder. The num-ber of murders was 623 less than in 1900. The lynchings during 1901 number 135, being twenty more than during 190o. The greatest number of lynchings in any single year was 235 in 1892, and the smallest number in any year since 1885 was 107 in 1899. Since then there has been a marked increase each year. The most startling thing in connection with the crime of lynching in recent years is the development of shocking barbarity and brutality. Of the lynchings last year, 121 occurred in the South and fourteen in the North. It is estimated that the Boer losses in killed, wounded and captured during 1891 amounted to about 15,000 men. The total deaths from all causes on the English side since the beginning of the  war is given as 19,430; the number sent home as invalids, 64,33o; and the total expenditures, $750,000,000. The New York World says that "even if the con-quest of the two republics were complete to-day, Great Britain lt,ould have paid nearly $5,000 per square mile for the 163,500 square miles of the annexed South African territory, and more than one British soldier has been killed, maimed or invalided for every Boer sol-dier put in the field." Conscription is the burden of a poem by Rudyard Kipling just published in England. The poem reproaches English-men for their love of ease and wealth, and with scorn and vehemence seeks to arouse them "to do battle for the em-pire." It seems to be Mr. Kipling's opinion that his countrymen have been entirely too loth to fill the ranks of the armies at the front, and that it is time they were plunging into war in earnest. The poem is entitled "The Islanders," and declares in so many words that every islanderŠevery BritonŠshould be trained in the business of war. This poet's cry for conscription and more of the spirit of war is not received with much favor, nevertheless it is significant, and no one can now predict what will be the dire consequences of the terrible war in which England has been engaged for three years. Holiness of life does not spring from "holy" relics and locations. The Turk-ish authorities in Jerusalem recently found it necessary to place a detachment 