THE INCONSISTENCY OF SUNDAY LEGISLATION 143 times. This is well illustrated by the various revisions of the English law on this point. In 1675, during the reign of Charles II., Parliament passed a law "for the better observation and keeping holy the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday." Section 2 of that law provided that "no drover, horse-courser, wagoner, butcher, or any of their servants, shall travel or come into his or their inn or lodging up-on the Lord's day, or any part thereof, upon pain that each and every offender shall forfeit twenty shillings for every such offense, and that no person or per-sons shall use, employ, or travel upon the Lord's day with any boat, wherry, lighter, or barge, except it be upon ex-traordinary occasions, to be allowed by some of the peace of the city, borough, or town corporate, where the act shall be committed, upon pain that every person so offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of five shillings for every such of-fense." This was indeed a strange lawŠjust such as might be expected, however, from human legislators'who attempt to transform a moral precept into a civil one. It will be noticed that those who traveled by land, such as drovers, etc., if applying for lodging at any public house on Sundays, were to be heavily fined, since that was evidence that they had been traveling on that day. But those who might travel all day by boat were to be let off with only a nominal fine. But further: if one of these tourists by water could, in some way, wheedle the magistrate into granting him a permit for the journey, then no offense was committed, and, in the eyes of the law, the sanctity of the day was preserved. Evidently Sunday-breaking in those days was considered a sort of venial sin, the absolution of which might be pur- chased beforehand by magisterial indul-gence. Later Parliaments, however, modified the law ,by repealing that part which made it a misdemeanor to travel by boat on Sunday, without relieving the drover and others who must journey by land. This was presumably because the mem-bers of Parliament, some of whom lived along the banks of the Thames, desired to use that day in visiting their families. At any rate the law was changed to suit the demand of the times and the men who composed the lawmaking body of the nation. In 1871 another Parliament enacted that "no prosecution or other proceed-ing shall be instituted against any person or the property of any person for any offense committed by him under the Act of the 29th year of the reign of King Charles II., chapter seven, entitled an Act for the better observation of the Lord's day, commonly called Sunday," etc. This was just what ought to have been done with regard to such a law, and it would have been all right had the legislators stopped at this point. But section 4 of this act of Parliament read : "This act shall continue in force until the first day of September, one thousand eight hundred and seventy-two, and no longer." This limitation of the act was proof of the folly of human legislation con-cerning religious duties. The suspended law stood on the premise of making men more careful in religious duties. If this is one of the functiofts of civil govern-ment, by what right did the ParIiament of 1871 annul the Sunday law for a year? It may be said that the people did not then need the law to help them to ob-serve the sacredness of the day. Why have it come in force again, then, at the 