250 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY certain " worldly " work. The act provides that " works of necessity and charity " shall be ex-cepted from its prohibition. Then, again, the description of the crime hangs upon the mean-ing of the words " necessity " and " charity," and these words are left to the construction of the respective magistrates throughout the Com-monwealth. Could any words be more indefi-nite and less certain as a guide to the citizens? What necessity and whose necessity does it mean? Is it the necessity of the year 1794, or the year 1903? Is it the necessity of the one who does the work, or the necessity of the one for whom the work is done? Does the neces- sity change with time, or with the development of particular communities? Is the necessity physical, mental, moral, or the necessities of comfort, of the preservation of life, of health or of property, or what must be the nature of the work that will admit it within the protective sphere of a work of necessity? Whose opinion is to govern this important question of neces-sity? A trial by jury to determine this ques- tion of factŠnecessityŠis denied the citizen, and it is left to the construction of magistrates, and its determination may be as varied as there are dispositions, beliefs and prejudices among the magistrates. Whose necessity is referred to? As above stated, is it the necessity of him who does the work, or the necessity of him or them for whom the work is done? Both constructions have been held in this State. In the case of Sparhawk vs. The Railway Com-pany, Judge Strong held that it meant " neces- sity" on the part of him who performed the " worldly employment," while Judge Woodward and others on the final determination of the case held that it meant " necessity " on the part of the community for whom the work is done. It is under this latter view that the running of street railways has been held not to be a viola-tion of the statute, though the work is "world-ly." It is needless to determine which of these two views is correct; they forcefully illustrate the uncertainty and indefiniteness of the act under discussion. Again, in the case of Johnston vs. Common-wealth, 22 Pa., 1o8, Justice Woodward held : " It is impossible to lay down any general rule as to works of necessity and charity. If the works enumerated in the proviso of the statute be taken as a legislative sample of works of necessity it might be said in general that supplying the ordinary demands of our physical natures and relieving from situations of peril and exposure are necessary acts which incur no blame. . . . Still, the exigencies of human life which demand works of cnarity and neces-sity are so numerous. and so diversified by at- tending circumstances, as to defy classification and to forbid the attempt to prescribe a general rule. The best we can do is to judge of cases as they arise and to treat them as within the prohibition or the saving clauses of the statute according to the specific features which each presents." If the courts cannot define a general rule, what standard or guide have the citizens to measure their acts? And how is a man having no guide to know whether he is violating the act if it cannot be determined that his act is a crime until the magistrate says as a matter of fact? Is it not practically placing the law-making power in the hands of the judiciary by delegating to the judges the power to say what may in their opinion be a crime, for be it re-membered it is impossible of determining whether one's act is a crime or not until the magistrate passes upon it. Again, in Commonwealth vs. Nesbitt (supra), Chief Justice Lowrie, in discussing the ques-tion of necessity under the act of 1794, held : " Necessity itself is totally incapable of any sharp definition. What is a mere luxury, or perhaps entirely useless or burdensome to a savage may be a matter of necessity to a civi-lized man. What may be a mere luxury or pleasure to a poor man may be a necessity when he grows rich. Necessity, therefore, can itself be only approximately defined. The law re-gards that as necessary which the common sense of the country, in its ordinary modes of doing its business, regards as necessary. Law, therefore, does not condemn those employments which society regards as necessary, even when they encroach on the Sabbath, if, according to the ordinary skill of the business, it is neces-sary to do so. And then, the business being recognized as necessary, it may be performed by means of the services of others, and by all the ordinary means of the business, so far as it is necessary." How, then, are the citizens to know what is a " necessity " if there can be no classification or general rule for their guidance, and if, ac-cording to the Supreme Court, changed social conditions may make that a " necessity " to-day which was not a " necessity " when the act was passed? So far as the public requirements are concerned how are the citizens to know when the conditions of a community have so changed that what was a crime is no longer such? Justice Read, in his opinion (in Sparhawk vs. Union Pass. R. R. Co.) in favor of consider-ing the running of street-cars a work of neces-sity, delivered in 1867, said : " When the act of 1794 was passed the popu-lation of the city of Philadelphia was, under 30,000, whereas at present we have within the area of Philadelphia many times that number of people that constituted the entire population 