EDITORIAL 23 increasing power and constantly recur-ring disputes and struggles, are becom-ing more and more a menace to govern-ment by the people, to government by law, for they are virtually compelling the exercise of one-man power in govern-ment. Ł Clerks and Clergy Uniie for En-forced Sunday Closing On the evening of December 4 there was held in the Park Avenue Methodist Episcopal Church, in Chicago, a joint meeting of representatives of the union clerks and of a federation of churches in the interests of the Sunday closing of stores. The meeting was held under the auspices of " the fifteen Federated Churches of the West Side," and was brought about by representatives of this organization, who invited representatives of the clerks to meet with them to discuss the question : " What can the churches do to help out the Sunday-closing move-ment? " T. J. Johnston, secretary of the Chicago Federated Clerks' Council, and H. J. Conway, first vice-president of the Retail Clerks' International Protective Association, addressed the meeting in be- . half of the clerks, and Rev. M. E. Cady, pastor of the Western Avenue Methodist Church, spoke for the church federation. Mr. Conway declared that the clerks were compelled to labor from twelve to sixteen and eighteen hours on week days and until two o'clock on Sundays, and that the time had come for a change. The workingman wanted " a Sabbath, a day of rest that he could spend with his family," and he also demanded " that most holy of all days, Christmas." Mr. Johnston said the stores would be closed on the Christmas then coming for the first time in the history of the city. After telling of how the clerks, in their agita-tion for Sunday closing, had " worked  among the people, asking them not to buy of stores that kept open on Sunday," with the result that the trade of such stores had decreased one-half, he declared that they were almost through with that kind of work. He thus indicated the kind of work that is now to be taken up : We are going to use force. We are in a position now so we can do it. We have the sympathy and support of every union in the city. We will demand of the legislature, and have placed on the statute books, a law that will close every store in Illinois on Sunday. If you will help us [addressing the ministers] to get our Sunday, the people will so crowd your churches that instead of wondering how you are going to fill all these empty seats, you will be building additions to your churches. This was greeted with applause. The Rev. Mr. Cady expressed himself as ready to stand by the Sunday-closing movement " to the last ounce of my physical and intellectual being." But he declared that the movement could not be a success unless Sunday " was recognized as God's day, as a holy day, not a holi-day." But he declared that he did not believe in a Puritan Sunday. He was sure that all things, animate and inani-mate, needed one day's rest in seven, and he agreed with Beaconsfield that " the Sabbath is the cornerstone of civiliza-tion." He wanted the clerks to under-stand that " they have the support of the churches." This was applauded. He thought there were three ways in which church people could help in the Sunday-closing movement : By " keeping the Sab-bath themselves " ; by " not buying from stores that open on Sunday " ; and by " favoring those that close on Sunday." Ł If it is true that government can pro-tect only one thing at a time, and that the protection of one thing requires the sup-pression for the time being of everything else, then indeed the sort of " protection " that is demanded by Sunday-law cham-pions is sane and sensible. 