3augllaell OF afalankfl LAMM' Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical In the United States especially devoted to the maintenance of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be ourduty, and no less the duty o f all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION per year  Single copy,ysix m " three months  To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  $1.00 .50  .25 1.5o CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .70 Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th Street, New York City No more orders can be filled for extra copies of our Special Christian Endeavor Num-ber of THE SENTINEL, dated July 9th. In all 65,000 copies were printed, which we thought would be sufficient to fill all orders. The linotype slugs have been destroyed, so that it will be impossible to print any more copies. We are sorry that those who desire them still cannot obtain copies of this number. FROM each of four citiesŠDenver, Col., Cleveland, 0., Des Moines, Ia., and Seattle, Wash.Šorders were received for 5,000 or more copies. We wish to thank these friends, as well as those in other places, for the efficient work which they did in behalf of this num-ber. Ł SUFFICIENT money was received by us in donations to send about 4,000 extra copies of the Christian Endeavor Number of THE SENTI-NEL to Denver for distribution at the Interna-tional Christian Endeavor Convention. Those who received these copies for distribution wish to thank the donors for the interest which they took in this matter. r" Am Delighted With It" SENATE POSTMASTER of a western State says the Speaking of the-- Webster Dictionary and Complete Vest-Pocket Library Five Books in One I A Dictionary 2 A Gazetteer 3 A PariiarnentarY Manua! 4 An Expert Calculator 5 Literary Guide 45,800 WORDS PRICES: Morocco: Bound, with stamp holder, Leather ,4 - - Cloth PACIFIC PRESS PUB. CO., 11 West 20th St., N. Y. City. Ł 130e 30e 23e Ł 