42 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. proper sphere of government; but never-theless the matter remains just as re-ligious as ever. We shall consider Sen-ator Hoar's article in another issue. Corruption and Spiritual Authority. One of the mysteries of the papal system is that its doctrines admit of the combination in one and the same person of the greatest corruption with what is claimed to be the very highest spiritual authority. A "History of the Popes," by Dr. Ludwig Pastor, who holds the chair of history at the Roman Catholic Univer-sity of Innsbruck, Germany, has recent-ly come from the press. This work is pronounced by the Outlook to be "one of the most notable contributions to our knowledge of papal history since the publication of the works of Ranke, Burckhardt, Gregorovius, and Creigh-ton." The writer has been able to make use of historical materials that were in-accessible to these other historians. In the Outlook's review of this work the fact is brought out that Professor Pas-tor frankly acknowledges the gross cor-ruption of many of the Popes, but holds that "the sins of a priest cannot essen-tially affect his power of offering sac-rifices or administering sacraments or transmitting doctrineŠthe gold remains gold in impure as in pure hands." Dr. Pastor speaks of the "unblushing nepo-tism" of Alexander VI., and says that in him "the secularization of the Papacy reached its climax," that "nothing in the way of reform was to be hoped from him," and that the newly published se-cret archives of the Vatican "nullify all attempts to rebut the accusations against the moral conduct of the Pope, who rep-resented an utter absence of all moral  sense both in public and private life. . . . He who should have been the guardian of his time, saving all that could be saved, contributed more than any other man to steep the Church in corruption. His life of unrestrained sen-suality was in direct contradiction with the precept of Him whose representa-tive on earth he was." Savonarola, who was strangled and then burnelat the instance of Alexander VI., at Florence, in 1498, preached against this corrupt Pope and denied that he was the representative of God on earth, but this Catholic historian now says, at the opening of the twentieth cen-tury, that Savonarola "forgot that, ac-cording to the teaching of the Church, an evil life cannot deprive the Pope of his lawful jurisdiction." "The teaching of the Church enjoins obedience even to an unjust Interdict. . . Savona- rola was bound to obey the Holy See, however it might be desecrated by such an occupant as Alexander VI." In this is shown the iniquity and cor-ruption of the teachings of the Papacy. That iniquity should invade the church and that some of its members and lead-ers should become corrupt is not sur-prising. This was the case with the church in the days of its pristine purity, but the church did not become a par-ticipant in the deeds of Annanias and Saphira and others who joined them-selves to it from corrupt motives. But here we have the Catholic Church, claiming to be the only true church, holding that a man like Alexander VI. was the representative of God on earth, the infallible head of the only true church, and to be obeyed as such while at the very height of his iniquitous life. This is the shameful predicament to which the Catholic Church is brought by the logic of her doctrines, and the 