RELIGIOUS LIBERTY: ITS SCOPE AND FOUNDATION 667 spring of God's purpose in creating intelligences: " Let us go back to the time when there was no created thing ; back to the eternal counsels of the Father and the Son. The existence of God is not a self-satisfied existence. His love is not self-love. His joy is not fulfilled in wrapping Himself within Himself, and sitting solitary and Ł self- centered. His love is satisfied only in flowing out to those who will receive and enjoy it to the full. His joy is fufilled only in carrying to an infinite universe full of blessed intelligeneies the fulness of eternal joy. . Standing then, in thought, with Him before there was a single intelligent creature created, He desires that the universe shall be full of joyful intelligences en-joying His love to the full." This brings to our minds the spring which caused the creation of intelli-gences, and it seems to me that we have here a most wonderful and inspiring glimpse of the character of our God. Ł His joy is in giving happiness to others; His nature is such that He cannot dwell alone; He must have beings to enjoy His love and to return love to Him. Now in order for this purpose of love, this purpose of infinite benefi-cence, to be carried out, these beings had.to  be made free moral agents. We know something of the nature of love. We know it cannot be manufactured ; it cannot be forced. It must be free, voluntary. In order for these beings to be capable of loving their Creator, they had to be free not to love Him. In order for them to be capable of ren-dering service worthy of themselves and Him who was the author of their being, they had to be free not to serve Him. In order for them to truly wor-ship, they had to be free not to worship if they chose ; for unless one is free not to worship, he cannot be free to wor-ship. In order for these beings to be  of joy to Him who had made them, in order for them to be capable of being to Him that which could satisfy Him is creating them, they had to be free moral agents. Without the power and. freedom of choice they would have been but machines, not free intelligences that could be of blessing to themselves and one another and of honor, praise, and glory to Him who had given them existence. I say they had to be free moral agents. I do not mean that God had to make them such. I mean that since it was God who was making them, since it was He whose children they were to be, they could not be made other than free moral agents. The character of our Heavenly Father is such that when He came to make beings whom He would have to rejoice in Him and His works, to share His joy and to be His children, He could not make them otherwise than free to choose to serve Him or not to serve Him. To have made them otherwise would have frustrated the very purpose of their creation; for then they could not have grasped in any degree nor have re-turned to Him in any degree the love which was the very spring of His pur-pose in giving them existence. And thus, because of His love, be-cause of His character, because of what He is, because He is God, our Heavenly Father has made His children free moral agents, has endowed them with the power of choice. To quote again the words of another : " He has made them free to choose, and has left them perfectly free to choose. He made them free to think as they choose. God is the author of intelligence, of freedom of choice, and of freedom of thought. And He will forever respect that of which He is the author. He will never invade to a hair's breadth the freedom of angel or man to choose for himself, 