"The Most Satanic of All Passions" I T is the part of Christians to look on the passion for power and dominion with strong abhorrence; for it is singu-larly hostile to the genius of their re-ligion. Jesus Christ always condemned it. One of the striking marks of his moral greatness was that he held no fel-lowship and made no compromise with this universal spirit of his age, but with-stood it in every form. He found the Jews intoxicating themselves with dreams of empire. Of the prophecies relating to the Messiah, the most familiar and dear to them were those which announced him as a conqueror, and which were construed by their worldliness into a promise of tri-umphs to the people from whom he was to spring. Even the chosen disciples of Jesus looked to him for this good. " To sit on his right hand and on his left," or, in other words, to hold the commanding station in his.kingdom, was not only their lurking wish, but their open and impor-tunate request. But there was no pas-sion on which Jesus frowned more se-verely than on this. He taught that, to be great in his kingdom, men must serve, instead of ruling, their brethren. He placed among them a child as an emblem of the humility of his religion. His most terrible rebukes fell on the lordly, aspir-ing Pharisee. In his own person he was mild and condescending, exacting no per-sonal service, living with his disciples as a friend, sharing their wants, sleeping in their fishing-boat, and even washing their feet ; and in all this he expressly proposed himself to them as a pattern, knowing well that the last triumph of disinterest-edness is to forget our own superiority in our sympathy, solicitude, tenderness, re- *Arranged from Vol. I, " Works of William E. Channing, D.D." (Walker, Wise and Com-pany, Boston, 1862).  spect, and self-denying zeal for those who are below us. We cannot indeed wonder that the lust of power should be encountered by the sternest rebukes and menace of Christi-anity, because it wages open war with the great end of this religion, which is the elevation of the human mind. No corruption of this religion is more pal-pable and more enormous than that which turns it into an instrument of dominion, and which makes it teach that man's primary duty is to give himself a passive material into the hands of minister, priest, or king. Christianity has joined with all history in inspiring me with a peculiar dread and abhorrence of the passion for power, for dominion over men. There is nothing in the view of our divine Teacher so hostile to his divine spirit as the lust of domina-tion. It is the most Satanic of all human passions. Of all injuries and crimes, the most flagrant is chargeable on him who aims to establish dominion over his brethren. He wars with what is more precious than life. He would rob men of their chief prerogative and glory ; we mean, of self-dominion, of that empire which is given to a rational and moral being over his own soul and his own life. Such a being is framed to find honor and hap-piness in forming and swaying himself, in adopting as his supreme standard his convictions of truth and duty, in unfold-ing his powers by free exertion, in acting from a principle within, from his growing conscience. His proper and noblest at-tributes are self-government, self-rever-ence, energy of thought, energy in choos-ing the right and the good, energy in casting off all other dominion. He was created for empire in his own breast, and 