The Religion and Public Education Issue The Recent Dicussion II THE expression from Cardinal Gib-bons to which we referred last week as one of the two which have recently brought into prominence the issue com-monly described as that of religion and the public schools, and excited a vigor-ous public discussion of the same, came about a week later than that 'by the Rev. Mr. Geer, in the form of an inter- view published in the Newark (N. J.) News. And as we stated last week the expression (which was evidently de-signed by the Cardinal as a public an- nouncement and declaration of the atti-tude of the ecclesiastical organization in this country of which he is the chief figure) followed closely upon his return from Rome, and shows that the Roman Catholic Church is determined to over- throw the public educational system as it now exists, and feels that the time has about arrived when she may safely -press the matter to an issue. The Car-dinal said : The system of public education in this country is imperfect and vicious, and undermines the religion of our youth. We want our children to re-ceive an education that will not only make them learned, but pious, men and wovien. We want them to be not only polished members of society, but also conscientious Christians. We desire for them a training that will form their hearts as well as their minds. We wish them to be not only men of the world, but above all, men of God. The relig-ious and secular education of our chil-dren cannot be divorced from each other without inflicting a fatal wound upon the soul. The usual consequence of such a separation is to paralyze the moral faculty and to foment a spirit of indifference in matters of faith. Education is to the soul what food is to the body. The milk with which the infant is nourished at its mother's breast not only feeds its head, but per- meates at the same time its heart and other organs of the body. In like man-ner the intellectual and moral growth of our children should go hand-in-hand ; otherwise their education is shallow and fragmentary, and often proves a curse instead of a blessing. . . . I am not unmindful of the blessed influence of a home education, and especially of a mother's tutelage. But of what avail is a mother's toil if the seeds of faith which she has planted attain a sickly growth in the cheerless atmosphere of a school-room from which the sun of religon is rigidly excluded ? The remedy for these defects would be sup-plied if the denominational system which now obtains in Canada were ap-plied in our public schools. Thus the head of the Roman Catholic Church in this country, who, The Out-look says, "has heretofore been re-garded as a friend of our public school system," openly and plainly declares for the substitution of the "denomina-tional system"Šthat is, a system where the state levies a general tax for pub-lic education and turns the money thus raised over to the various denomina-tions to be used in support of denomi-national schools. This expression, "coming from so eminent an author-ity" and containing "so serious an imputation upon the public school sys-tem of the country," has attracted keen attention and excited no little comment. Among the newspapers which promptly gave it attention was the New York Times which, in an editorial headed, "Is Our School System Vicious?" declared that "if the views expressed by this distinguished and broad-minded prelate are just, then this is incomparably the most important public question before the American people." After stating that "the discussion of educational theories in this country proceeds for 