SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 543 church institution, the religious Sunday., The following appeared in the Chicago Tribune of July 31 : Trouble awaits the Marlowe Theater in En-glewood if the playhouse is opened on Sundays. The Englewood Baptist Church, on an' adjoin-ing lot, has already issued a protest, and other religious bodies and the Law and Order League have been asked to take up the fight. The first intimation of the intention to have Sun-day performances came on Wednesday, when advertising bills appeared announcing the open-ing night as Sunday, September 6. The assist-ant pastor of the Baptist church, Rev. Alonzo A. Hobson, presided at a meeting that night at which the Sunday opening was strongly condemned. On August 7 the Record-Herald re- ported: The churches of Englewood are uniting in an attack on the Marlowe Theater. The con-gregations will hold a mass-meeting to discuss plans to prevent Sunday performances. An injunction is talked of. The Englewood Law and Ordei League is aiding in the fight. Yes-terday a committee from the league called on Richard L. Crescy, the manager, and asked that the date of the opening be postponed to Monday, September 7, and that no Sunday per-formances be given. Mr. Crescy would not ac-cede to that request. As soon as the conference ended the Law and Order League issued a call  for a mass-meeting Sunday afternoon at the First Baptist Church to protest and discuss plans. The meeting will be addressed by As-sistant State's Attorney Frank W. Blair, Rev. Dr. Shepard and William Ferguson, secretary of the league. Legal advice as to the advisa-bility of injunction proceedings will be pre-sented. On August io the Chicago Journal re-ported : Three hundred citizens of Englewood held a mass-meeting Sunday evening at the First Baptist Church to protest against Sunday per-formances at the Marlowe Theater. Big yel-low posters announce the opening of the show season Sunday evening, September 6. The legal aspect of the controversy is not encourag-ing to opponents of the theater, and though a fund of $250 was collected to aid in fighting the Sunday opening, peaceable measures will first be resorted to, and a committee will again call on Manager Crescy and endeavor to change his plans. Mr. Crescy " asserts that he has a list of 5,000 names, all residents of Engle-wood, who are desirous of having the theater open on Sunday," and " that he will open the new playhouse September 6, despite the efforts of the Law and Order League and those who are fighting the enterprise." F In a communication to the Chicago Record-Herald in reply to criticisms made by another correspondent upon his posi-tion with regard to Sunday legislation, Mr. Clarence C. Gates, of Tuscola, Ill., says the following that is well worth quo-ting : My Wisconsin critic has either misunderstood or misrepresented what I wrote as an arraign-ment of the legislatively and officially enforced observance of Sunday. It was exactly my con-tention that not only every community, but every individual, should enjoy, not only upon one particular day, but upon every day, not only " any degree of personal liberty," according to just rights, but every degree of "personal liberty," upon every day, whether it be Sun-day or any one of the seven days of each and every week. That is the very thing that my critic would prevent if he could. He wishes to enjoy rights for himself, but would place  his wish above the rights of others, as if one's rights were to be determined by another's wish. My purpose was not to arraign the voluntary observance of Sunday as a Sabbath or as a day of rest. Obviously for such a purpose no law would be required, in perfect justice. To observe or not to observe any day is a choice which exists as a changeless right.... The " Sunday law " is aimed at those who do not and will not observe Sunday as a Sabbath, they alone being the target.... On the very Sunday that my article was published a " law " became effective in Arkansas by which a man was ar-rested for the extremely innocent act of selling chewing gum, and another was arrested for the even more innocent act of leaving his grocery store door open.... My critic fails to state how it is possible to be annoyed more upon one day than upon another, and why the laws against all disturbance and rowdyism, " confusion and noise," that effectually apply from Monday to Saturday inclusiveŠwhy these laws cannot be as effective on Sunday as upon any other day. 