36o THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the legislative attitude of France with reference to Deism and the " weekly sest day " had anything to do with producing the French Revolution and its excesses it can be depended upon that it was not the attitude that was maintained for a few weeks or months, but the attitude that was maintained the rest of the time Šthe attitude that had been maintained during the generations and centuries pre-ceding the Revolution. And what was that attitude ?ŠExactly the attitude that the champions of religious legislation and " Sabbath " enforcement would have a government maintain. The fact is that it was the monstrous abuses arising out of the practise by church and state of the principles to which the present-day cham-pion of religious legislation hold that were the chief causes of the French Rev-olution. The union of church and state preceding the Revolution was one of the great evils which caused it, and .the re-ligion which demanded and maintained a union of church and state was chiefly responsible for the irreligion and atheism of the Revolution. Had France never undertaken to maintain Deism and re-ligion by legislation she would never have repudiated them by legislation. The les-son of the French Revolution regarding the attitude that government should main-tain with respect to religion is exactly opposite to that foolishly drawn from it by the champions of governmental re-ligion. Another point of the speaker in the attempt to confirm the idea that the state must maintain " Sabbath " observ-ance in its own interests was that " Sab-bath-breaking " makes criminals. Sev-eral judges were quoted in support of the declaration that " criminal careers usu-ally begin by disregard of the Sabbath." It is thus, of course, that theologians have always argued for the enforcement of their dogmas. It seems hardly credible that on Fifth Avenue in New York be-fore an audience of intelligent people it  should be contended, or rather assumed as a matter of course, that the civil law in this country should maintain " Deism." How loth are the clergy, or some of them, to accept in practise the principle of the separation of church and state. They go as far as they have to go, but not an inch further. The maintenance merely of Deism would of course have been a modest demand upon the state by the church some time ago; but at this late day it is not modest at all. It is an assumption that is to be denied and re-sisted, for in it lurk all the evils of church and state union. Ł Althottgh we have had little to say with reference to it for some time, the " Na-tional Reform " propaganda is not dead. State conventions in furtherance of this movement have been held in Nebraska and Colorado this spring, and conventions for a number of the Eastern States are being planned. And the organ of the National Reform Association, the Christian States-man, shows indications of new life. We shall try to present before long an article on the present aims and activities of the " national reformers." Ł Greek fruit dealers in Pensacola, Fla., have organized to oppose Sunday enforcement against their business. They have provided a common fund for de-fending those who are arrested, and if prosecutions continue will have the courts pass upon theŁ question of the application of the Sunday law to their business. Ł Our review two weeks ago of the " lay sermon " on " Sabbath observance " by a member of the staff of the Jacksonville (Fla.) Times-Union elicited a lengthy reply from the same source. This second " lay sermon," which appeared in the Times-Union of May 24, will be given at-tention in our next issue. 