SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT This department Is designed to record what is being done throughout the United States and elsewhere in the way of Sunday enforcement. Necessarily the items in most instances must be a bare recital of the facts. The principles involved are discussed elsewhere in the paper. The Omaha (Neb.) Bee reports that the mayor of that city has "proclaimed that all public dancing on Sunday shall cease in Omaha from this time on." It was recently reported from Min-neapolis, Minn., that "the barbers' union is likely to start a crusade against the boss barbers who keep their shops open on Sunday." It is "the belief of the members that the Sunday-closing law should be enforced." The saloon-keepers of Ripon, Wis., having been "ordered to close on Sun-day," have sent a communication to the city council "demanding that the Sunday laws be enforced as regards all other establishments, such as stores, restaurants, livery stables and bowling alleys." + . In Washington on January 20 "As-sessor Darneille, in league with the District excise board, decreed that no club in the ristrict [of Columbia] shall hereafter sell intoxicating liquors between the hours of 10 a. m. and 1 p. m. on Sunday. "This rule was de-termined upon after-many months' con-sideration." 4 At Marion, Ind., on January 14 "a test case to determine if pumping oil on Sunday is a desecration of the Sabbath was decided in the local court in favor of the oil men." The suit had been instituted "by church people of Van-buren," and "it was alleged in the complaint that the work was not a -necessity, but the defendants proved that if a well were closed down for a day water would drown it out, and it would require three days of pump-ing before oil would flow again." At Muncie, Ind., on January 10 "offi-cers of the journeymen barbers' union -were instrumental in having a number  of boss barbers arrested for violating the Sunday-closing law." "Warrants were sworn out before a justice of the peace and served by constables," and an attorney was secured to prosecute the cases. "This is not the first time the boss barbers have been arrested, but only another attempt of the jour-neymen barbers to have the law regard-ing the closing of the barber shops on Sunday observed." At La Crosse, Wis., on January 15 a joint committee of the master barbers' and journeymen's unions, which had been appointed "to settle the differ-ences between the local barbers caused by the countenancing of Sunday shav-ing by Linker Bros., W. H. Webb, and others," met and "drew up an iron-bound stipulation to be affixed to the regular agreement which will abolish all Sunday shaving." "In case any of the employers refuse to sign the amended agreement their union cards will be taken from them." The Abilene (Kan.) Reflector of Jan-uary 9 reported : "A committee from the W. C. T. U. called on County At-torney Towner to-day and asked that all meat markets, confectioneries and other business houses be compelled to close all day Sunday. If this is not done the organization proposes to be-gin prosecutions. A committee of min-isters also called to protest against the City Mills running on Sunday. They stated that the proprietors had refused to shut down on Sunday, and said they would file complaints if this is not done." At Dalesville, Ind., on January 17 a performance of "Uncle Tom's Cabin" was given "behind locked doors " to prevent the arrest of the members of the troupe "on charges of playing on Sunday." A constable and 