378 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY close relationship between the Govern-ment and papal prelates in this country rendering unnecessary a commission to Rome, even if it had been necessary with-out that, it is simply because of this close relationship that this commission has come about. It may be true, as The Independent de-clares, that Governor Taft is not the tool of Jesuit diplomacy, but it is not more true than the fact that Jesuit diplomacy has not been and will not be lacking in connection with this commission to the Vatican. The word "Christian," which occurs in the State constitution, has recently oc-casioned some discussion in the Connecti-cut Constitutional Convention, in session at Hartford, as was the case in the Vir-ginia Convention. It was proposed to substitute the word "religious" for the word "Christian" in the constitution, but the words were finally allowed to remain : "Every society or denomination of Christians or other religious faith." When the matter was under discussion, one member declared that the elimina-tion of the word "Christian" from the constitution would be "an open avowal that Connecticut was not a Christian state," and would be regarded "by thou-sands of Christians as an attack on the Christian religion." It is strange with what persistence people, and professed Christians, will cling to such a hollow thing as state "Christianity." It is prob-ably because real Christianity, which has its manifestation in the individual, is at a very low ebb. Ł At a recent convention at Tours the Socialists of France put forth quite a lengthy platform, demanding among other things the restriction of labor to a day of eiht hours and "one day of rest in seven." The Outlook observes with  reference to this last demand that it means "an enforcement of familiar Sun-day laws." There is no reason to believe,. however, that the Socialists meant any-thing else than what they saidŠone day of rest in sevenŠand it is pretty certain that they would never endorse "the familiar Sunday laws" of this country. The "protection" of a day or the main-, tenance of a religious observance is the thought that is farthest from their minds. With its usual clarity of vision the Springfield Republican at once perceives the point in the sending of a govern-mental commission to the Vatican. At the head of its editorial page on April i8 appeared the following note : "If Governor Taft visits Rome to confer with the Vatican concerning the question of the friars, it will be a feather in the cap of Vatican diplomacy. The more of-ten prominent Americans visit Rome for conference, the better the Vatican will like it." al "Cats and dogs have rights as well as men and women," says The Independent. If we remember correctly The Independ-ent has declared several times in the last few years that there are no such things as inalienable human rights; that the so-called natural rights of individuals were created and granted by societyŠwere mere social conventions. We wonder if cats and dogs come by their rights in the same manner. The Chicago News thinks that in view of the news from the island of Samar "it is nearly time for Spain to interfere in the interests of humanity." This is no doubt meant to be rather jocular, but we will venture to say that it will not cause many smiles. It is too nearly the solemn truth. 