758 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY either with profit to the taught or with safety to herself. The Roman Catholic scheme of getting public support for Catholic schools is not merely in the stage of argument and discussion. Here and there in cities and towns where Catholic influence is strong it is being forced into practise as fast as possible without waiting for the removal of legal and constitutional barriers. An effort of this kind has been creating some stir in Peabody, Mass., recently. "Father" Masterson of that place has petitioned the school board "for the public good to place our parochial school as an annex of our public schools," and in a public interview has declared that all but one of the members of the school board have in interviews with him "rec-ognized the justice of the claim," and that he has "the greatest confidence that the board will take over the school." What he wants is "a share of the school fund "Š" the town to com-pensate the parochial school for the edu-cation it gives." But it is very plain from his elaboration of the plan that beyond the matter of giving it "a share of the school fund" the proposal to have the school board "take over" the parochial school contemplates nothing more than supervision and examination by the school authorities to see that the secular instruction is kept up to "the standard of that in the public schools." The pastor of the First Baptist Church, Rev. Mr. Bailey, who spoke against the proposal at that church on the evening of November 23, very pertinently pointed out that "under the law the school board already has this measure of control, since the instruction in every private school in the State must meet the approval of the school committee, or the committee can close the school,"  and that therefore "under the proposed arrangement the school board would have no more rights of control and man-agement than it has now, except the privilege of paying the bills." This is the way in which, there is reason to believe, a great many Catholic schools are being turned over to the public authorities, and it is to no further ex-tent than this that the managers of these schools who are demanding their "annexation" to the public schools propose that they shall become a part of the public school system. They are to receive support from the state, but are to be managed and controlled by "the Church." But of course, as "Father" Masterson says, "Protestants as well as Catholics can attend" them ! Again very pertinently Mr. Bailey said: "What would Father Masterson's attitude be towards the town support-ing a private school in which there were Protestant teachers exclusively, garbed in the habit of their religious order ?" He declared that "the request is in line with a movement now going on through-out the United States that has behind it the Roman Catholic hierarchy of the country," and that "if the school com-mittee of Peabody should grant this re-quest an injunction would at once be placed on the town treasurer prohibit-ing him from paying such bills." "Father" Masterson says that he "has consulted an able lawyer on this mat-ter," who advised him that "what I ask for would be perfectly legal for the school board to grant, and that there could be no appeal from their decision." On the other hand City Solicitor Cahill, a member of the school board, "al-though a Catholic, is said to be against the proposition, as it is unconstitu-tional." There are indications that the attempt to carry this scheme into opera-tion in Peabody has been long and care-fully planned. In connection 'with the One Attempt Like Many 