526  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Sunday ball playing is illegal under the city ordinances and the Penal Code, not-withstanding the fact that it is not spe-cifically named. Through the efforts of Alderman Mullenhoff a resolution has since been passed by the board of alder-men excepting baseball, fishing and card playing from the sports prohibited on Sunday by the city ordinance. The "Greater New York Shoe Polish-ers' Union, No. i," has just been organ-ized in this city with a membership of about 85o, and about one of the first things done was to pass resolutions call-ing upon the mayor to use his influence in securing the closing of shoe-polishing stands and parlors at 2 o'clock on Sun-days, and in which it was stated that ef-forts would be made at the next session of the legislature to secure the passage of a law regulating the closing of these places on Sunday. The secretary of the Canadian Lord's-day (Sunday) Alliance has been investi-gating and is preparing a report on the working of the oil wells about Bothwell, Ontario. When operations at these wells first began complaint was made against the Sunday work done in connection with them, but after an investigation by a representative of the law it was decided that the work was "a necessity." Mr. Shearer says he has found that Sunday work .is not necessary, and on the strength of his report will "ask the gov-ernment to force the men to shut down." The Rev. Michael Barry, of St. Paul's Catholic Church, Oswego, N. Y., is re-ported to have "begun a crusade against Sunday baseball." He will not only at-tempt to stop Sunday ball playing in that city, but on the adjacent government reservation, where it is said "the police have no authority to interfere." In his  sermon on June 8 "Father Barry de-plored the American desecration of Sun-day, and predicted that a visitation of the wrath of God more terrible than the dis-aster which befell the inhabitants of Martinique would come upon the Ameri-can people because of it." At a meeting in Muskegon, Mich., on June io, of representatives "of the First, Second and Third Christian Reformed, the First and Second Reformed, and the Immanuel Presbyterian churches," a "Sabbath union" with 14o initial mem-bers was organized. The object of the organization is "to secure a better mu-nicipal Sabbath observance." "When laws are not enforced the union will use its influence to get their enforcement, and if that avails nothing the members will use their ballots in selecting men who favor enforcement of law." The officers of the organization are all min-isters. Minneapolis, Minn., has been suffer-ing from an epidemic of municipal corruption, and now it seems that the panacea of Sunday enforcement is to be applied. On May 28 a delegation of citizens headed by President Cyrus Nor-thrup, of the State University, waited on State Senator Snyder and asked him to become the Republican candidate for mayor. He accepted on condition that the principal plank of his platform should be: "Closed theatres and closed saloons on Sunday." This announce-ment was received with cheers, and it was decided to make it the slogan of the campaign. The mayor of Gloucester, Mass., in re-sponse to demands from the clerks' un-ion, has promised to enforce the Sunday-.  closing law, and the marshal has received instructions "to visit every store that 