Eallabeil VIELSITAII LATZErit Set for the defense of human rights, especially the rights of conscience. The only periodical in the United States especially devoted to the maintenance of the Christian and American principle of complete separation of church and state. The Sentinel is not a periodical of abstractions and speculation; it discusses live issues that deeply concern every individual. JOHN D. BRADLEY, Editor. Editorial Contributors: A. T. JONES, A. G. DANIELLS, M. C. WILCOX, L. A. SMITH, C. P. BOLLMAN. We believe in the religion taught and lived by Jesus Christ. We believe in temperance, and regard the liquor traffic as a curse to society. We believe in supporting civil government and submitting to its authority. We believe that human rights are sacred, and that they indissolubly inhere in the moral nature of the individual. We deny the right of any human authority to invade and violate these inalienable rights in any individual. Therefore we deny the right of any civil gov-ernment to legislate on matters of religion and conscience. We believe it is the right, and should be the privilege, of every individual to worship God ac-cording to the dictates of his own conscience, free from all dictation, interference, or control on the part of civil government or any other external authority; or not to worship at all if he so chooses. We also believe it to be ourduty,and no less the duty of all others, to oppose religious legislation and all movements tending toward the same, to the end that all the people may freely enjoy the inestimable blessing of liberty, which is theirs by virtue of the unbounded wisdom and beneficence of the Author of their being. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION Single copy,  per year  $1.00 sixmonths  .5o three months  .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year  1.5o CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year  .20 Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL or CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it. may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. O. Money Order, Express Money Order or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. ,We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give- both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. Address all communications of a business nature, to PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING CO., 11 West 20th Street, New York City A SUBSCRIBER who is over three score and ten years of age writes: " Enclosed find $1 to pay for THE SENTINEL another year. We have taken it from Vol. 1, No. 1, and hope we always can. 0, how glad we are that THE. SENTINEL is a weekly again." A NUMBER of orders have been, and are stilt being, received for extra copies of the issue of April 2, " The Massachusetts Hearing Number." We regret to say that we are un-able to supply them. Several hundred extra copies were printed when running off the reg-ular edition, but these were soon gone. We are sorry to disappoint those who wish copies of this particular number, but have to do so..  Soox we will begin the publication of a series of articles by W. A. Colcord on a va-riety of different religious liberty topics. The subjects of these articles are given below: Principles too Little Understood; Origin and Object of Civil Government; The Church and Its Work; Individual Responsibility; Grace and Freewill; Not a Question of Majorities; What Majority Rule in Religious Things.  Means; Religious Persecution a Legacy and Test; The Secret of Religious Persecution; Apologists for Religious Persecution. These articles contain many valuable points and arguments which show what true religious liberty principles are. If your subscription is about to expire now is the time to see that it is renewed, so that you will not miss a single one of these articles; also see that your friends are readers of THE SENTINEL, so that they will get the benefit of this series, as well as your-self. Each article is short, interesting, and direct to the point. Busy people will have. time to read them. 