AMERICA'S FOOLISH AND WICKED COURSE 405 not what shall we do with the Philip-pines, but what will the Philippines do with us. This question we are now seeing an-swered. On the other side of the globe, irritated by a bad climate, confronted by great difficulties and exposed to great temptations without the home restraints that keep men steady, galled and exas- perated by the machinations of an elusive foe, whose color and stature make it im- possible for the Anglo-Saxon to treat him with respect, some Americans at least have been guilty of conduct which evokes the horror and detestation of mankind. But if our cheeks burn with patriotic shame and our hearts quiver with moral indignation, let the bolt strike not only the unhappy individuals but the system and policy of which they have been thq, victims. What, I ask, do you want in the Phil-ippines ? More particularly, why in any part of Luzon and the Visayan Islands are you making a howling wilderness and killing children over ten years of age ? It will be said that these are the unhappy incidents of war, which is al-ways a stern affair, very different from the holiday-making into which civilians would turn it. Be it so. Why, then, are we making war? Here are 6,5oo,000 fellow Christians of oursŠthe only Christian nation in AsiaŠas highly civil-ized as most of the people of Central and South America. What do we want of them? We have never told them. The Treaty of Paris requires Congress to de-termine the civil rights and political status of the inhabitants of the Philip-pines. Congress has been dumb. Presi-dent Roosevelt, with his noble instincts and straight-seeing statesmanship, de-clared that we were to prepare them for liberty after the fashion of the really free nations. The period of tutelage should be short, because no nation can confer freedom upon another, and the most we can do for the Filipinos is to establish favorable conditions and then endow them with independence. This implies doing in the Philippines what we have already done for Cuba, which this month is to start as an independent re-public. But, in face of all this, General Wharton says that the Filipinos must be despotically governed, like India and Ja-va, and that any one who advocates their independence should be sent to prison. Congress is silent, the military authori-ties whistle down the wind the humane and enlightened policy of the President, and the military authorities are the su-preme power and final arbiter in the Phil-ippines. Are the American people, then, the freest people on this earth, the very flower and chivalry of liberty, shooting down Filipinos because Filipinos will not do what Americans want, while all the time Filipinos are endeavoring to ascer-tain, but cannot, what it is Americans do want ? Are not your Oriental wards en-titled to know how you intend to dispose of them before bidding you welcome to their homes? If we have no policy, let us say so and stop fighting. If we have a policy, let us say so and it may end all fighting. But to keep an army of 40,000 or 50,000 American citizens in Asia to fight for no policy is at once foolish and wicked. It is said officially that the fighting is over. But the commanding officers agree with the best newspaper reporters that the Christian Filipinos are everywhere against us. And the War Department has stated in confirmation of this situa- tion that the retention.  of a large army in the Philippines is indispensable. But if this be so, though the insurrection may be ended, the Archipelago is as full of our enemies as ever it was. You have governed them against their will: behold the result. Shall we make of the 