SUNDAY-LAW OPPRESSION IN PHILADELPHIA AGAIN 821 with tears in his eyes, and said mourn-fully : " This means that my baby will have to go without shoes, and she needs them." He turned almost fiercely to-ward the Sabbath society's prosecuting agent. " Why don't you go for the big corporations? " he demanded. " You go for me because I am poor and can't escape you." A. F. Green, of 264 South Tenth Street, who had been convicted several times of Sunday selling, paid two fines. He told the chief informer that he would give him a cigar if he came around next Sunday. " There are cer-tain kinds of business," Mr. Green de-clared, "which must be run on Sunday, just like the business of a cook, and mine is one of them." Mr. Vail: " Yes, but there is a law that must be en-forced." "That law was made by a lot of fanatics, and we have a lot of cow-ards who are afraid to repeal it," de-clared Mr. Green. "They are afraid of the minority party because it always makes more noise than the majority." Checks for fines and costs were sent to the magistrate by several defendants who did not care to take the trouble to appear. Among these was J. M. Steever, who keeps a cigar stand in the Broad Street Station, and who was charged with two violations. Fines were paid by C. A. Natter, Twelfth and Locust Streets; L. S. Green, 40 South Broad Street ; Jacob Weimer, 10 North Eleventh Street ; A. H. Faust, 229 North Ninth Street ; P. Atlas, 829 Race Street ; William Adler, 225 North Tenth Street; J. G. Blanco, 1100 Arch Street ; T. K. Linton, 261 South Twelfth Street ; M. Goldberg, Seventh and Arch Streets ; D. Forman, Tenth and Race Streets ; H. Konesky, Ninth and Locust Streets; A. Schwartz, 246 Arch Street; D. M. Schneyder, 252 North Tenth Street. Many of these paid two fines and double costs. P. Bonini, 137 North Broad Street, on promising not to sell cigars again on Sunday was discharged on payment of costs only. The day following this hearing one of the interesting developments to which we have referred took place, and to it, Which we will report next week, was no doubt due the modification of  the zeal and activity of the "Sabbath" Association in its work of oppression and persecution, which was evidenced by the hearing of the following Thurs- day. We quote from the Public Ledger of December 11: A smaller crowd than usual and fewer complaints of violations of the blue laws of 1794 were before Magis-trate South yesterday. The small candy dealers seem to be less troubled by the argus-eyed informers of the Sabbath Association than formerly. Only four cases against them were called, and only one of the defendants was present to be tried. The absentees, without spe-cial request on their part, were indul-gently allowed, with Mr. Vail's ap-proval, to defer the climax of their misery until next week. There were also signs that Mr. Vail pursued the work of prosecution with somewhat less zest than heretofore, or else that he had less confidence in the efficiency of the assistants who perform for him the un-pleasant function of the spy. One of the Sabbath Association's wit-nesses declared under oath that he had bought a cigar last Sunday in the shop of George Schmidt, 2604 Germantown Avenue. Mr. Schmidt, a man of direct speech and excellent appearance, sol-emnly denied that any cigars or tobacco had been sold to the witness in his place. " Will you keep your place closed on Sunday hereafter if we let you go 7 " asked Mr. Vail. " Closed!" exclaimed the accused. "I did close on Sunday, and I lost all my customers. I am ruined by being closed." Some irrelevant controversy arose, in which the prosecutor contrived to keep his voice uppermost. Mr. Schmidt did not endeavor to disguise the fact that he had again opened his shop on Sun-days, after finding how disastrous the closing had been to his week-day tradq but he insisted that nothing had been sold in his shop on Sunday last to the witness. There was no corroboration of the informer's testimony. Mr. Vail grew confused. Several of his ques- tions seemed to indicate that he was fishing for a reason to drop the case. "You say that you closed your shop on 