438 THE 'SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Castle Garden from Poland. He is not a citizen of this country, and can not be for years. But Mr. Kowalski is a Chris-tian, and he is by virtue of that fact as much a Christian citizen and possesses Christian citizenship as truly as does Mr. Gage. Civil citizenship, in this country, for instance, may be ours by accident or by choice. It is ours by accident when we are born and reared to it. It is ours by choice when, born and reared in g foreign land, we relinquish our allegiance to the government under which we are born, and comply with the conditions of citi-zenship in this land of our choice. Civil citizenship is made and regulated by law. To possess it, we must meet the condi-tions, or comply with the forms prescribed by statute. He who truly chooses citizenship in a country identifies his interest with its government, and appeals to it for the positions it may give and the pro-tection it is bound to give if able. Wherever he goes, he is a citizen of that commonwealth and an alien in every other commonwealth. He can not consti-tutionally be a loyal citizen of two civil governments at the same time. He must choose one among the many. But as soon as he chooses one, he relinquishes citizenship in the others. This would be evident at once in case of war among the nations. Civil Citizenship Not Christian Citizenship If a Christian be a citizen of a civil government, it is clearly evident that his citizenship is no different from the citizen-ship of an unbeliever. That of both or each is based on the same statute law. To illustrate : Mr. Smith may be a Christian and a citizen of this country. Mr. Jones, may be an unbeliever, and also a citizen. But if Mr. Smith should go to Great Britain, his Christianity would not make him a citizen of that professedly Christian  nation. If Mr. Jones went with him, they would stand precisely on the same foot-ing, that of aliens; and should they wish to become citizens each would have to comply with the same requirements of statute law. One's Christianity does not, therefore, affect the nature of one's civil citizenship ; it can not, from the simple fact that Christianity is a matter of mo-tive, heart, essence, and life, while civil citizenship is a matter of civil law and the outward observance of the forms thereof. A living law of Christianity is, " Thou shalt not covet." This is mighty through faith in Christ to accomplish all that is commanded; but if it were placed upon the civil statute book, it would not be a Christian law. It would be merely a form of words without the life, having no more relation to the living law of God than would a statue of Jesus to the living, eternal Son of God. True Christian Citizenship Christian citizenship is the citizenship derived from Christ, that which we get by virtue of our relationship to Him. He is from above. He is " the only-begotten Son, which is in the bosom of the Father." John i :i8. He was the one who "came down from heaven, even the Son of Man which is in heaven." John 3 :13. He came to a world which had revolted against Heaven, and was ruled over by Satan, " the god of this world " (2. Cor. 4 :4), " the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience" (Eph. 2 :2). And while God overrules in all the kingdoms of men, yet in the principles and policies which obtain, in the selfish ambitions which generally control, in all the imperfection of govern-ment in its very nature and essence, the kingdoms of this world are not the king-doms of our Lord and His Christ. The time when that O^'1 be will not come till all earthly rt:le is utterly destroyed, the kingdoms of the world broken as the dust, 