An Indictment of New York's Sunday Law* T0 surmount the difficulty pre- sented by the inconsistency which I have pointed out, and with a view to reconcile the adverse provi-sions of the law in question, it may per-haps, and doubtless will be, conceded " that it is not immoral for either of those two religious sects [first and sev-enth-day observers] to labor on the sabbath day of the other, provided they believe in the divine appointment of a sabbath day and do not work on the day they respectively and con-scientiously believe to be the sabbath of the Lord " ! I have no objection to the first part of this proposition. It is one of the truths for which I am contending. But the condition or provision annexed to it is altogether inadmissible, because it excludes every one who happens not to belong to either of those two relig-ious sects from the free and equal exer-cise and enjoyment of their opinions on the subject, and hence infringes the natural and unalienable liberty of con- "Seventy-seven years ago there was published in New York a pamphlet, a transcript of the title page of which is as follows: "The People's Rights Reclaimed; being An Exposition of the Unconstitutionality of the Law of the State of New York Compelling the Observance of a Relig-ious Sabbath Day, and Erroneously Entitled 'An Act for Suppressing Immorality,' Passed March 13th, 1813. Addressed to the People of the State of New York. New York, 182er A. Spooner, Printer, Brooklyn." Its publi-cation was called forth by the revision of the State laws then taking place and certain attempts that had been made " to effect an extension of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sunday laws." Although the ex-cuse for New York's Sunday legislation has been some-what changed since then, it being now professedly for the prevention of "crimes against religious liberty and con-science" (although still coming under the general heading of "crimes against public decency and good morals"), whereas then it was "r" ppressing immorality," it remai 1111‚m same in principle, object, and effect, and the master, And unanswerable indictment of the law as it then was made by the unknown author of the above pam-phlet is still a masterly and unanswerable indictment of the law as it now is, and incidentally of all other Sunday legislation. The widespread disposition now manifested to uphold and " to affect an extension of the erroneous principles and provisions of the Sunday laws" makes the matter in this pamphlet very pertinent to-day, and hence we are publishing it in full in THE SENTINELŠEDITOR. science. But I will even take the whole together as it stands and reason from it to show that were it all con-ceded to be true, it would be insuffi-cient to shield the law which forms the subject of these remarks from the im-putations which its inconsistency and injustice have drawn upon it. It will be seen that the foregoing proposition admits that whether it is deemed moral or immoral to labor on the first or seventh day of the week depends upon and is determined by the opinion of the advocates of each day respectively; and these two sects only are allowed to exercise the right of conscience and to judge for them-selves " in respect of the sabbath day," and to act according to their consci-entious opinions respectively, without it being deemed immoral for them so to do. The conscientious opinions, there.-fore, of these two sects, though adverse to each other, are allowed by the law in question to be the true, sufficient, moral and legitimate criteria and au-thority by which each individual of those two sects is allowed to judge and determine for himself which of those two days is the sabbath of divine ap-pointment, and to act accordingly. Every other sect, and in truth every other individual in the community, is enjoined, nay, coerced, by the statute under review, to keep one or the other of those two days as holy time, how-ever adverse to their conscientious convictions it may be ; thereby com-pelling them to assume, hypocrite-like, the appearance of believing religious tenets they neither profess nor ac-knowledge to be true. Further, by admitting the right to entertain those two opinions, it is ac-knowledged that there is no certainty which of these two day was appointed a sabbath by divine command. Is it Ł 