¥ EDITORIAL  579 for the Archbishop high praise from non-Catholic, "imperialistic" sources, where his attitude is characterized as "frank and manly," and is considered "a striking proof of the soundness and efficacy of the American principle of absolute independ-ence of church and state," and an "un-qualified tribute of a devout churchman and an eminent prelate to the justice and the wisdom of the policy based on and built up from that principle." Now, whatever may appear upon the surface, it is by no means certain that, so far as the vital thing in this matter is concerned, the Archbishop differs much from his rather out-spoken coreligion-ists. He is no more adverse to, and is no less eager for, special favor and def-erence to be shown the Papacy by the American authorities, either in this coun-try or in the Philippines, than are his co-religionists. He is as eager as they for the advancement of the prestige of the Papacy as respects the American Govern-ment. But he is wiser than some of them are. He knows that the prestige of the Papacy cannot be advanced in this coun-try by "main force and awkwardness," by bluster and ignorant vaporings about "the rights of the Church." He knows that one of the very worst things that could happen for the purposes of the Papacy regarding America would be for just such antagonism to be aroused be-tween Protestants and Catholics as a se-rious controversy over this Philippine re-ligious question would engender. There-fore it is not strange that he is attempting to conciliate matters,'and that he is tak-ing sharply to task some of his own churchmen for their attitude in the mat-ter. In view of the Archbishop's approval and endorsement of the attitude of the Administration in this matter, certain statements that he made some time ago seem a little strange. In an interview  in New York early in 1899 he declared that "all the civilization that the people of the Philippines have has been received from the priests," and that they "are the representatives of social and civil order in the islands." And further that "the priests will uphold this Government as they upheld the government of Spain," and "this Government will have to de-pend upon the priests to a large extent for. their moral influence in the interests of law and order." Now the position of the Government is that these priests will not uphold its authority, that they are the very opposite of being the representa-tives of social and civil order on the is-lands, and that instead of its having to de-pend upon them for their influence in the interests of law and order, it must drive them from the islands in the interests of law and order. And the Archbishop says, "Amen." Well, favors cahnot go one way always, and since he has so long enjoyed the confidence and favor of po-litical leaders, he no doubt realizes that now it is his business to stand by them, even though it seems to place him at odds with his fellow-religionists. But let no one suppose that the Archbishop is tak-ing any step backward as regards the dearest hope of the Papacy, which he un-derstands so well, or that through any loyalty to the principle of separation of church and state he is opposing or re-tarding the aim and purpose of the Pa-pacy regarding the American nation, which is not in accord with that principle by any means. A Chapter of Present-Day Sunday Enforcement In the June SENTINEL, page 461, at-tention was called to the Sunday en-forcement crusade set on foot in May by the clerks and some of the retail grocers in Lynn, Mass., and to the despicable method that was being employed to se- 