'2.9.8 THIE.:5EYVTINEL O.F CHRL$TIAN LIBERTY States to-day, The aim of the Papacy is supremacy .in the United States Łand the world, and in the United States as the means of supremacy of the world. To that supremacy she is walking as steadily  as the days go by. And this time her supremacy culminates in speedy and total ruin, with all heaven and the holy apostles and prophets rejoicing and praising the Lord. Judge Cordon's Argument Against the Pennsylvania Sunday Law II WE give herewith the remainder of the argument of Ex-Judge James G. Gordon in the Sunday-law cases at Phil-adelphia on March 23: Ł There is another view of this question! which, it seems to me, has not been in the past adequately considered. It is true that long ago it was held that the act did not violate the spirit of the constitution as to the right of all men to liberty of conscience. Those de-cisions, however, were all before the constitu-tion of 1874, and cannot be considered to have taken the proposition referred to Into compre-hensive view. In the opinion of the Supreme Court justice already referred to, it was held, as I have shown, that the statute was intended to preserve the peace and rest of Sunday to that class of the community who regarded the day as sacredly set apart by divine institution for religious meditation, quiet, and rest, and as a day upon which all " worldly " employ-ment should cease. The history of legislation may always be considered in construing a statute, and may especially be a factor with reference to crim-inal enactments. The wrong or crime to be prevented may be sought for in the times and environments when the legislation was passed. It requires but a slight knowledge of history to know that the act of 1794 was passed in deference to the religious convictions of a vast majority of the people of this Commonwealth at that time. Not only the religious convic-tions, but the customs and habits based upon those religious convictions, were the moving cause for the enactment of the Sunday law. Essentially, therefore, the statute was a recog-nition of the religious tenets of one part of the community as a reason for placing an interdict upon the occupations and habits of another part of the community. It is true the act in question is prohibitive  merely. It does not oblige the minority to adopt the religious customs and beliefs of the majority, but it does prohibit the minority from performing acts otherwise innoxious, and often salutary and certainly beneficial to the minority, out of deference to the religious sensibilities of the majority. If this can be done--if the minority can be prohibited from doing something in itself lawful as a deference to the religious views of othersŠit is but a single step, and a very short one, to the posi-tion that they may be commanded to do some-thing for the same reason, lest their failure to do it may offend the religious sensibilities of others. The question whether the statute prohibits a thing or commands a thing to be done is of no moment in determining the ques-tion as to the motive and purpose of the en-actment. In either case the moving cause is the religious views and sentiments of a part of the people. If a prohibition may be en-acted upon such ground, a command may be enacted also, and if a command, then a statute providing for religious conformity. Then, again, the views of the majority may change from time to time. While in 1794 the majority of the Commonwealth may have been strictly Sabbatarians, that may not be the case to-day. And who shall ascertain this fact? The vice of such legislation, however, will be apparent if we contemplate for a moment what might occur (if the act of 1794 is defen-sible on the ground of the religious view of the majority) should the population so change as that a wholly different religious concept should prevail among the greater part of citizens. Suppose, instead of an overwhelming majority of Protestants holding certain views as to Sunday (which was the fact when the act of 1794 was passed), an equally preponderating majority of the Roman Catholic faith should exist in the Commonwealth, and suppose, in accordance with that majority, the representa- 