744 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the most part in two channels," "the great body of practical educators con-cerning themselves with utility as the chief aim in education, and seeking to devise methods of instruction which will impart a sound training in those branches of which a knowledge is re-quired in the affairs of life" while "in- sisting that the home is the true place for spiritual teaching," while, "on the other hand, there are earnest and con-vinced men, almost wholly within the Roman Catholic Church, we believe, who exalt spiritual things as an end to be sought in school teaching and insist upon the necessity of religious instruc-tion in the public schools," the Times declared that the .views of the latter "have nowhere been more clearly and frankly expressed than by Cardinal Gibbons," and continued : The objection that the organic law stands in the way is not a satisfactory answer to the argument of Cardinal Gibbons, if his assumption is sound that the public school system is vicious. The Constitution of the. United States leaves to the several States the control over the subject of religion. In the exercise of that power of control the people of the State of New York declare in their constitution that "neither the State nor any sub-division thereof shall use its property or credit, or any public money, or authorize or permit either to be used, directly or indirectly, in aid or main-tenance, other than for examination or inspection, of any school or institution of learning wholly or in part under the control or direction of any religious denomination, or in which any denomi-national tenet or doctrine is taught." But even the constitution should not be made the buttress of a vicious sys-tem, if the school system is vicious. If it saps the foundation of morality we must change the constitution. In a matter of this gravity full and candid inquiry would necessarily pre-cede any change in the constitution and in our American school system. Cardinal Gibbons incidentally points out the proper field of inquiry. . . . A candid examination of the working of the public school system in Canada would illuminate the discussion. In the Dominion a Roman Catholic taxpayer may require that his school tax be de-voted to the use of the separate schools of his own church, and funds for these schools are also provided from other sources. In the Province of Quebec the school system is almost entirely in the hands of the church. An examina-tion of the Canadian system might also embrace the working of the parochial schools in this country. The advocates of a division of the school fund would very greatly reinforce their argument if they were able to show that the re-sults of religious instruction in the pa-rochial schools did, in fact, demonstrate their superiority over the secular sys-tem. If they send out into the world a greater portion of "polished members of society and conscientious Chris-tians," that is manifestly an important point in their favor. If their hearts as well as their minds are made better, if it appear that they are more secure against the temptations of the world or better citizens, better men and women, the argument for a reorgani-zation of the school system would be immensely strengthened. The inquiry, of course, should take account of the records of the courts and of institu-tions for correction and punishment. No source of information should be neglected which would promise to dis-close the actual truth as to the respec-tive merits and demerits of the two systems. Until such inquiry has been made in good faith it seems to us that the discussion is profitless. The Amer-ican people appear to be deeply con-vinced that, the system they have adopted and maintained from the foun-dation of the government is sound. The proof that it is vicious is not fur-nished by mere assertion. As is to be expected from the great newspapers, the Times deals quite de-ferentially and diplomatically with the Cardinal's utterance. But nevertheless it makes it plain that it does not agree with him as to the character of the pub-lic school system, and regards his state- 