8 18 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY in Knoxville last July, passed this reso-lution : Conscious of our dependence upon the God of our fathers, and believing that the highest and truest civilization can be attained only,by following the precepts of the great teacher, Jesus Christ, we favor the recognition of the Bible in our public schools. Our American doctrine of utter sepa-ration of church and state is, however, now usually accepted, at least in theory, and it is generally agreed that reading of the Bible and religious exercises do not belong to the free public school. But some of those who with us would lead the Bible out by the front door with all honor, ask us to open the postern gate to let it creep in again unobserved. They tell usŠand we hear it from college presidents and from teachers' conven-tionsŠthat the Bible, banished as re-ligion, must be brought back as litera-ture. The Bible, they tell us, is the best and choicest of literature, and that it will Ł never do to let the children grow up ignorant of it; and before they have the word literature well out of their mouths they begin to talk about the importance of the Bible to teach the elements of re-ligion and morals. The International Sunday School Convention at its late meeting in Denver passed this resolution : Whereas, The Bible is not only the inspired word of God, but also the world's greatest treasury of literature, and its reading is now excluded from most of the public schools of America, Resolved, That the executive committee is instructed to appoint a standing committee, whose duty it shall be to consider what means should be taken in the various States and provinces to secure the reading of the Bible, without comment, in the public schools of our land. Here the religious purpose is con-fessed, while the literary pretense is put forward. It is only the latter which the National Educational Association pre- sented in its declaration of principles at Minneapolis : We hope and ask for such a change of pub-lic sentiment in this regard as will permit and encourage the English Bible, now honored by name in many schools, laws, and State institu-tions, to be read and studied as a literary work of the highest and purest type, side by side with the poetry and prose which it has in-spired and in large part formed. Well, which is it, literature or re-ligion ? If it is religion, we will have none of it. There is a curse upon state religion. It makes men hate the church. That is the persistent trouble in Italy, in Spain, in France, and now in England. Give us a free church in a free state and let their scope be kept absolutely distinct. Trust no state to teach your children re-ligion, and do not think to impose your New Testament Bible and your Lord's Prayer on Old Testament Jews. Is it really literature and not religion that these gentlemen want? We do not believe it. It is not the literary charm, not the interesting stories, not the gran-deur or the wit that they are thinking of, but the sacred character of the book, that is, its religiousness. Indeed, we do not hear of any such anxiety to have the "Iliad" read, or "Paradise Lost," or even Shakespeare, until we come into the higher schools in which literature is a special study. But it is not as literature that we chiefly value the Bible. It is degrading to it to lower it to that level and make it a les-son of style or story. It is not the Beau-tiful Bible, but the Holy Bible. It is im-possible to put it on any other basis. Call it literature if you will, but it will be con-sidered and treated as a religious book, and that will be the real reason for intro-ducing and teaching it. We do not want to smuggle the Bible into the public schools under a false pretense. It is our one great book of religion, and as such let it be treated, the church's sacred Book. 