EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 517 vancement of the power of the Church." There will be no reaction from the policy of Leo by this Pope of whom it is said that " on all sides it is agreed that no better man could have been selected by the conclave to fill the place in the popu-lar mind occupied by the late illustrious pontiff." The new Pope is evidently just the man to carry forward the policy of his predecessor, which means in the end supremacy for the Papacy over the na-tions. We will present here in conclu-sion the following from the Congrega-tionalist and Christian World, which is the best expression in connection with this whole matter of the Papacy's change of heads that we have seen in any promi-nent Protestant periodical: The Papacy is always spectacular. It knows how to take advantage of every opportunity to bring itself to public notice. It has been unusually fortunate in the great age, unblem-ished character and amiable spirit of Leo XIII. His courageous fight for life held the Ł attention and awakened the sympathy of the world, and brought out utterances from many non-Roman Catholic quarters. The pic-turesque traditions which surround the funeral of the Pope and the election of his successor, the official pronouncement of death, the lying in state, the walling up of the place of election and the recognition of a theory of democracy which might call any man to the papal chairŠall these will be made the most of to hold the attention of the world. With all this we have no legitimate quarrel. The rulers of the Roman Church believe that they have a claim on the allegiance of all men, and we must expect them to assert and en-force it by every means of glamor, splendor and advertisement which they can control. But it may be well just now, while public in-terest and curiosity are centered on the doings of the cardinals, to remind the thoughtless that in the Roman Catholic world the Papacy is everything and the individual Pope has little room for self-assertion and none for essential change. He may be learned, kindly, estimable, as Leo was, but he cannot alter the fixed principles of life which have made the Papacy what it is. " In our day," says the London Spectator, " even a great Pope must always be a Gulliver tied down by a thousand  scarcely visible threads." We shall see a new man on the throne, but in essentials there can be no new policy. The call to surrender the conscience to the authority of men, to accept a fixed dogmatic scheme of thought, to abjure the freedom wherewith Christ has made us free, to enslave ourselves to ancient restrictions and traditions, to put a thousand mediators in the place of Christ, to indorse the never withdrawn or apologized-for principles of control of opinion through the secular arm which resulted in the Inquisition and St. BartholomewŠthis is still the claim and the call of the papal Church. ....As free churchmen it has no thought for us except as rebels who must be won, and it will offer no terms but unconditional surren-der....The theory of the Papacy has not changed. Whether we have a liberal Pope in the Vatican or a reactionary Pope, either will be bound by precedents and hampered by a bureaucratic system which he cannot change. In the words of Dellinger, there may be a new Pope, but there is the old Papacy, for which the claim of infallibility has made the acknowl-edgement of error in the past or the discovery of saving truth outside its bounds a sin against the Holy Spirit. The Sunday legisla-tion of New York State professes to deal with "crimes against religious liberty and conscience," and at last some one has bethought himself in calling for Sun-day enforcement to base his complaint upon the ground that his " religious lib-erty " has been interfered with. This affidavit and complaint, said to be the first of its kind ever made to the police authorities of that city, was filed with Police Clerk Bechtold in Rochester, N. Y., on July 23: Edwin Hoellrigl, being duly sworn, deposes and says that he resides at 6i Hall Street in the city of Rochester, N. Y., and during all the times hereinafter mentioned has resided at such place. That Samuel Beckler is a tailor and conducts a tailoring establishment in the rear of 423 Clinton Avenue north, in the city of Rochester and within a distance of three or four feet from the residence of this depo-nent. That within a radius of 300 feet reside An "Interference" with "Religious Liberty" 