THE "JEROME BILL" AND THE OPPOSITION TO IT 269 this State and nation, the American Sabbath Union stands irrevocably opposed to all such legislation. The situation then, in brief, is this : Under the conditions that actually prevail the best interests of the city of New York require that there shall be a partial repeal of the law which requires the saloons to dose on Sunday ; or in other words, that in the regulation of the liquor traffic there shall be a partial withdrawal of the legal " recognition " of " the day of rest " Šthe so-called "American Sabbath " ; or in other words still, that there shall be a partial disregard of the assumption of a religious class that a religious observance and institution to which they hold should be " recognized " and enforced by the law. Many of the city's best and most public-spirited citizens, who are devoting themselves to its civic and moral better-ment and whose honesty and intelligence cannot be questioned, are thoroughly con-vinced of this, and the public generally evidently agrees with them. But what is for the best interests of the city in this  matter cannot be done for no other reason (or at least it is the chief reason) than that the religious class in the State which holds to Sunday observance and assumes that it is the business of the law to " protect " and enforce that observance, will not consent to any withdrawal of the support which the law now gives to their religious institution. And it happens that such is the state of affairs that they are able to have their way in the matter, even in spite of the desire of the majority of the citizens of the city. But neverthe-less they are being compelled to bestir themselves, and will no doubt be com-pelled to bestir themselves in the matter yet more in the future. We should very much prefer that it were something else besides the liquor traffic in connection with which these people are and will be compelled to fight for the maintenance of the special favor and support that they have from the State in the matter of a re-ligions observance, but nevertheless the thing is interesting, instructive, and worth while as it is. In confirmation and illustration of the fact that it is not consideration for the interests and welfare of the masses that moves those who are most insistent for legal protection " of the " American Sabbath," we recently called attention to something that has taken place in New York this winter. We are very glad to note that a leading newspaper of the country, and one that approves Sunday legislation within certain bounds, has also called attention to the matter and given deserved prominence to the point in it that we emphasized. The following is from an editorial that appeared in the Chicago Tribune of March a9: This last Sunday-observance incident in New York makes all previous Sunday-observance incidents seem reasonable and endurable. When the Long Parliament in the seventeenth cen- tury forbade " vain and profane walking " on Sunday, there may have been room for com-plaint. When the Massachusetts legislature last year legalized the sale of ice-cream, soda-water, and confectionery by druggists and newsdealers on Sunday, and a conference of Congregational churches said that this action was " subversive of the worship of the Supreme Being, the great creator and preserver of the universe," there may have been room for remon-strance. But now complaint and remonstrance pass into a higher form of indignation when a group of Protestant ministers get together to oppose the Sunday opening of the public schools for educational and recreative pur-poses. Jacob A. Riis and other persons acquainted with the social condition of the people near the schools concerned have said for a long time that to neglect to use the schools for lectures, concerts, entertainments, club meetings, and social gatherings on Sunday was to throw away one of the most civilizing agents in modern city life. Sunday is the only day when affairs 