THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY.  699 The Gospels Suppressed in France. In 1886, Henri Lasserre, a faithful Romanist, pub-lished a translation of the Gospels into French. He was known before that time as the author of a suc-cessful book on Lourdes and the miracles wrought there, of which he claimed to have proof in his own person. Turning to the study of Holy Writ, he de-rived so much benefit from the reading of the Book of books, that he determined to share this blessing with his fellow-believers, of whom hundreds, he said, who partook of the sacraments, had never opened a Bible. His translation, fairly correct and dedicated to " Our dear Lady of Lourdes," was received with the greatest approval by the highest Romish au-thorities, when, all of a sudden, on December 19, 1887, a decree of the " Congregation of the Index " appeared by which the book was unreservedly con-demned, its publication forbidden, and those in pos-session of copies ordered to surrender them to the ecclesiastical authorities. To-day the book belongs to the rarities. Must Read in a Corrupted Text. In order to stereotype and perpetuate error the Council of Trent placed the Apocryphal booksÑun-inspired human productsÑon equal rank with the books of God's Spirit-inspired revelation. Besides, that council decreed that "our Holy Mother, the church, possesses the sole right to define the true meaning and sense of the Holy Scriptures," and that the " holy Catholic and Apostolic Roman Church is the mother and mistress (regent and teacher) of all churches." To this, Cardinal Bellarmin, who lived in the seventeenth century and is the great exponent of popery as constituted under the Jesuitic system, adds: " Inerrancy is not found with a council of bishops; it is found only with the¥ Pope." The Jesuits' Confession teaches: "All and everything taught, ordained, and instituted by the Pope, whether it is contained in the Scriptures or not, and what-ever he commands must be accepted as saving and divine truth', and must, therefore, be held in higher esteem by the laity then even the commandments of the living God." And, lastly, when for good rea-sons it becomes necessary to allow the laity to have a Bible in the vernacular, the translation must be one "approved by the church," and must be read "with submission to the interpretation and au-thority of the church." This means that the Word must be read in the textÑcorrupted as every one  may knowÑthat the Romish Church furnishes, and must be understood in the sense in which that church understands the Word. Thus the machinery for perpetuating error and superstition is perfect and efficient in either case, with or without the laity's having access to a Bible; and how cruelly in earnest the Romanists have been about quenching the light that would stream from an open Bible is evidenced by the dying groans of tens of thousands of martyrs, whose damning crime was loving and believing their Bible too well. ' II Rome Never Changes." But has not, perhaps, Rome changed? Rome! Changed! The Reverend Burry, writing in the Lu- theran Standard, quotes from a Romish catechism written by a Romish bishop and used in the diocese of Columbus, 0. It teaches that the laity may read the Scripture in the original Hebrew and Greek, or in the Latin Vulgate translation, or in an approved modern version; but always with due submission to the interpretation and authority of the church. This hatred for the Word manifests itself to-day in the priest-ruled republics of our hemisphere in persecu-tion of those who would introduce the open Bible. Pope Leo XIII., the present "liberal" pontiff, is not one whit behind his predecessors in fulminating against Protestant Bible societies and against the spreading of the Bible as " a pestilence, the ruin of faith, the great danger for souls." ¥ True, the Romanist will lay much stress on the fact that it is " Protestant " translations and " Protestant " societies for the spreading of the Bible which the popes condemn. But history proves that even a version from a Ro-mish source, issued by episcopal authority, may find a place on the index of prohibited books. Besides, if it is fear for the supposed errors in Protestant versions that has called forth the denunciation of Bible societies, why has the Romish Church never used a vanishing moiety of its all but limitless re-sources to spread its versions broadcast among its people? Where are the Romish Bible societies and where does the Romish clergy, except where forced to it by conditions over which they have no con-trol, where does this clergy encourage the people to search the Scriptures in order that they may prove all things? Dr. De Costa Answered. Dr. De Costa, in his tirade against Protestants for maintaining that the Romish Church opposed 