EDITORIAL  183 Catholics were not alone in coveting this sou-venir. Not so many years ago such a picture would have been spit upon by men and women who insisted that they were Chris-tians. But many a non-Catholic took it to his home. This happy change is an indication of the growth of tolerance among us. Yes, it indicates the growth of a cer-tain kind of tolerance, indeed ; let us wait and see if it will prove to be in the interests of true tolerance. Among the " Protestant journals " that " have paid fine tributes " to the Pope are The Out-look and The Independent. The first declared that the celebrations in honor of the Pope were " of interest not only to Roman Catholics, but also to Prot-estant Christians," and that " Protestants as well as Roman Catholics will join in the wish that a century of years may be granted to Leo XIII., in many re-spects the most distinguished and useful Pope who has ever filled St. Peter's chair." Among other things, Die Inde-pendent said : There has never a better man sat in the papal chair than the Leo who is now cele-brating the twenty-fifth anniversary of his election.... He has proved himself one of the wisest, purest and most statesmanly pon-tiffs that have ever worn the tiara. We can ask no better blessing for the largest Church in Christendom than that Leo XIII. may sit upon the pontifical throne until he shall reach the century mark and outlive all that have gone before him. They do not make popes saints nowadays, but he deserves beatification as much as any one of his predecessors who carry the title. This is sometimes spoken of as the time of the " faded magnificence " of the Pa-pacy, yet there is no personage in Chris-tendom, be he czar, emperor, or presi-dent, who " cuts the figure " in the world that the Pope does. But then the Papacy is passing the time of her " faded mag-nificence." The time has come when the " separated brethren " delight to honor the head of " the largest Church in Christendom." " THE Vatican Council's announce-ment of the doctrine of Papal Infallibility was one of the gravest mistakes ever made by the Church of Rome," declares The Independent, and one can easily de-tect the note of regret and sorrow run-ning through the declaration and this one that follows it : The Syllabus of Errors was another colossal blunder and has done much to set the Church in hopeless opposition to all the seething and victorious forces of modern liberty of thought and government. The decree of infallibility and Pius IX.'s condemnation of " the principal er-rors of our times " are in thorough ac-cord with what the Papacy was before they were issued, with what she has been since, and with what she always will be until she ceases to be the Papacy; there-fore, for the good of mankind it is sin-cerely to be hoped that as long as she exists she will continue to make just such " grave mistakes " and colossal blun-ders." But unfortunately this is just what she is not going to do. She will not change herself or her doctrines a particle, but, pursuing the same profound policy which has always marked her career, she will whenever and wherever necessary so adjust and adapt herself to the situa-tion in which she finds herself as to secure to the utmost possible what she always covets for herselfŠdominion over the peoples and the nations. She has long since learned the policy that is suitable for these times, and she is pursuing it with astonishing success. And her great-est success in it all is that she is throwing the Protestant world completely off its guard. Here is what The Independent had to say in connection with the quo-tations already given as to the present policy of the Papacy and its signifi-cance: Even the Church of Rome is compelled at last to yield to the elements of progress, and the reign of Leo XIII. has shown the begin-ning of an effort to replace the "Non Pos- 