SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 317 practical nor capable of being enforced. The new bill amends the law so as to allow the sale and delivery of gpceries, meats, provisions, milk, ice, dread, cake and other household necessities before the hour of 10 a. m. Sundays. It further provides that all orderly and healthful diversions, pastimes, and recreations shall be permissible on Sundays as freely as at the common law before the passage of the act of 1625 of Charles I., chapter I. This section, it is claimed, will permit baseball matches, bicycle races and al-most every sort of game or contest to be held on Sundays. The bill was referred to the city delegation." At a largely attended public meeting in the interests of union labor, held re-cently in the Grand Opera House at Muscatine, Ia., Sunday observance and enforcement was urged in the interests of laborers. The subject was introduced by Rev. H. D. Herr, who addressed the meeting on "The Relation of the Sab-bath to Toilers." Sunday was set forth as "a truce day to the toiler," "an eman-cipation day, a university day, the speaker here pointing out that if a man studies one-seventh of his time, in twenty-eight years he will have used four years for study, which is equivalent to a collegiate course." It was declared that "the Sabbath means commercial justice," and "rightly kept brings greater vitality." "The speaker urged particularly Sunday closing in all businesses, proving that no business was injured by Sunday observ-ance." Mr. Arthur E. Holder, of Des Moines, the president of the State Fed- eration of Labor, also addressed the meeting, and in the course of his remarks "urged a shorter working day, and was very emphatic an his advocacy of a Sun-day rest day, and the closing up of all kinds of business on that day." In a sermon at the Erskine Presby-terian Church, in Montreal, on February 23, Rev. J. G. Shearer, of the "Lord's Day" Alliance of Canada, declared that "nearly go per cent. of the adult popula-tion of Canada were quietly but power-fully aiding in an effort to create a stronger public opinion in favor of the better observance of the Lord's day." "The organized labor forces of the coun-try," declared Mr. Shearer, as reported in the Montreal Star, "are actively co-operating with us in opposition, not only to Sunday labor and business, but to Sun-day holiday features, recognizing that the Sunday holiday for the many means the Sunday work-day for a considerable number. Mr. Ralph Smith, M.P., presi-dent of the Trades and Labor Congress, is a vice-president of the Lord's Day Al-liance, and does all in his power to pro-mote this co-operation between the labor orders and the Alliance." On February 24 a deputation repre-senting the "Lord's Day" Alliance of Canada waited upon the mayor of Mon-treal "in regard to the enforcement of the by-law against Sunday selling." A new mayor has recently come into office, and the deputation desired to secure from him a renewal of the promise made by the former mayor that on May 1 stringent enforcement of the Sunday-closing law would begin. The new mayor was not quite so ready to promise absolute Sun-day closing, holding that "there would be a great deal of difficulty in enforcing a by-law which would shut up a small shop where a few oranges, apples, etc., were sold." However he "was sure that a way could be devised whereby big stores could be closed." The deputation was asked "to furnish a list containing the names of those who are doing a big trade on Sun-day," and was given to understand that 