7 / eggllE 11 OF CHEM TilAR9 Lil Th3E,R7T7 VOL. XVIII NEW YORK, THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 1903 No. 17     The state has no right to interfere with people for doing on Sunday what it would not interfere with them for doing on other days. Ł Government exists for the purpose of giving equal protection to the rights of all ; not for the purpose of restricting the rights of some in obedience to the selfish or needless demands of others. Ł The very same principle is involved when a saloon-keeper is arrested and fined for selling on Sunday as is involved when a merchant or shopman is arrested and fined for selling on Sunday. Ł Next to having her representatives run governmental affairs the Papacy would have governmental representatives take a hand in ecclesiastical affairs, if it is done under her auspices. She knows the latter to be a very good method for bring-ing about the former. Ł The attempt of government to " protect " and " preserve " Sunday as " holy time " seems to have resulted in making it the most unholy day of all the week. What else could be expected? Government has no power to make or keep anything holy, and an attempt on its part to do such a thing can only result in a miserable failure. Ł A " Lord's day " law, with its exemp- tion clause for seventh-day observers, establishes first-day observance as the creed of the state ; partially tolerates sev-enth-day observance; and proscribes the observance of all other days. Those who do not hold to either the first or the sev-enth day as holy are obliged, whether or no, to observe one of these days. Ł The trouble with the Sunday-closing laws that exist and that are being ad-vocated at the present time is that, in-stead of being measures for protecting rights, as is alleged, they are in reality measures which deny rights. They in-vade the just rights of some in order to extend undue privileges to others. Such legislative coddling of some at the expense of the rights of others is ut-terly unjust and uncalled for, in what-ever light it may be considered. Ł Since saloon-keepers are not molested for selling liquor on other days it is evi-dent that when they are arrested and fined for selling on Sunday it is not for selling the liquor or for any injurious effects that such sale has upon the com-munity, but in order to compel a recogni-tion of and deference to the dayŠthe re-ligious observance. But saloon-keepers have as much right to be free from com-pulsion with respect to religious institu-tions and observances as have other people. 