28 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. There may be loss in this direction in the future, but The Sentinel of Chris-tian Liberty will continue to be pub-lished until its work is done. But we earnestly solicit the active and energetic co-operation of our friends in securing new subscribers and readers that the magazine may have a wider and wider circulation. The times demand this, and we shall do everything in our power to meet this need. We hope to perfect plans whereby every reader can assist in this work. The PUBLISHERS. The denial of the rights of one means the denial of the rights of all. A reason for Sunday observance is not a reason for Sunday enforcement. The worst enemies of law are those who would perpetuate injustice under the name of law. If Christians would be in the lead in human affairs, they should lead as Chris-tians and not as politicians. A person may be forced into the way of sin, but he cannot possibly be forced into the way of righteousness. Free government cannot exist with-out free menŠmen who govern them-selves without reference to outward restraint. The state can obey the will of God by preserving the rights of men ; and it will have to keep entirely separate from religion in order to do this. When the work of circumscribing the principles of free government begins  it soon comes about that the best friends of government are arraigned as its worst enemies. Only those who have the moral law written upon their hearts obey God acceptably ; and God does not write his law upon the heart by force. When government begins to make human beings then there will be some-thing intelligible about the doctrine, now frequently expressed, that government is the originator and creator of the rights of men. The importance of the Sabbath as an institution of God for the welfare of mankind constitutes the chief reason why the state should not meddle with that institution in any way. Many of those who are urging the necessity for a "moral basis" for govern-ment seem to be unaware of the fact that the government which is supported by true moral principle and sentiment will not undertake to legislate on religious matters. It is not moral, but immoral, to invade the realm of con-science with the power of government. Enforced Sunday rest can have no possible justification except on the hypothesis that Sunday labor is im-moral ; and such labor can be held to be immoral only on the ground that it is irreligious. Therefore Sunday labor can be forbidden only on religious grounds, on the hypothesis that to work on that day is a violation of the divine law. This, however, is a matter of dispute, not only as between Jews and Christians, but between Christians themselves. Therefore this is a question 