EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 633 he refers to himself as the one, we cannot but think he is placing God in very indifferent company. Notice is given elswhere of the transfer Of THE SENTINEL to Washington, D. C. Although this transfer includes a change of publishers as well as of location, there will be no essential change in the paper itself. It will, for the present at least, continue in the same form, and will of course remain the same in character and purpose. It is confidently believed that in its new locationŠthe capital of the nationŠthe paper will be enabled to better fulfil its mission as a sentinel guarding the rights of conscience and standing for the principle of separation of church and state. Washington is the point at which the forces in the United States that threaten religious liberty converge, and for this and other reasons would seem to be the natural and proper point from which to issue such a paper as THE SENTINEL. We believe that OUT friends will have no cause to regret the change now announced, and we ask for and hope to deserve their continued and renewed cooperation and support. At Washington THE SENTINEL will be pub-lished by the Review and Herald Pub-lishing Association, and its address, as given elswhere, will be 222 North Capitol Street. In his paper on " The Influence of Re-ligious Education on the Motives of Con-duct," read at the National Educational Association convention " the Very Rev." E. A. Pace of the Catholic University declared that " conduct should be guided by the highest possible motive, and there-fore religious education must have a great influence in guiding this motive," and that " the Catholic Church maintains that re-ligion must be based upon a definite be-lief." So when the Catholic Church ad-vocates the teaching of religion in the  public schools as a means of influencing and determining the conduct of the pu-pils she is advocating the teaching of " a definite belief," or that which " must be based upon a definite belief." There can he little doubt as to what " definite be-lief " it is that she has in mind in this connection. The Education Act which was before the English parliament last year and which is now in force " converts the Established Church schools to the pub-lic school system, but still retains in the schools the religious instruction in the tenets of the Church as formerly." " Nonconformists naturally are corn-vlaining about attending and supporting such schools, and educational matters are in a very unsatisfactory condition. Everything seems to point to the final disestablishment of the Church of Eng-land." A newspaper says that " an Ohio judge decided many years ago that a State law prohibiting work on Sunday was uncon-stitutional because the constitution guar-antees religious liberty to the individual, and keeping sacred Sunday, as the Sab-bath day, was held to be a rite of re-ligion." That was a very sound decision, and it is surprising and regrettable that such decisions are so scarce. Such a de-cision should be made every time the question of Sunday enforcement comes into court. A Jewish paper says that " in 1685 thirty-seven Jews were arrested in Lon-don for not attending church on Sun-day." It is safe to say that an equal number have been arrested in the United States within the last year for going about their usual avocations on Sunday, that is, for not observing Sunday. There is very little difference in the character of the two offenses. 