THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. 563 itself in the imperialistic and church-and-state move-ments of the present time. We quote the fol-lowing on the point to which we wish to call parti-cular attention from an article in the Century Magazine, which is one of a series on the life of Comwell from the pen of Mr. John Morley : The Reign of the Saints." " After the rude dispersion of the Long Parlia-ment next came the Reign of the Saints. No experi-ment could have worked worse. Here is Cromwell's rueful admission: Truly I will come now and tell you a story of my own weakness and folly; and yet it was done in my simplicity, I dare avow it. It was thought then that men of our judgment, who had fought in the wars and were all of a piece on that account, surely these men will hit it, and these men will do it to the purpose, whatever can be desired; and truly we did think, and I did think so, the more blame to me; and such a company of men were chosen and did proceed to action. And this was the naked truth, that the issue was not answerable to the simplicity and honesty of the design.' Such was Oliver's own tale, related four years afterwards. The discovery that the vast and complex task of human government needs more than spiritual en-thusiasm, that to have `very Scriptural notions' is not enough for the reform of stubborn earthly things, marks yet another stage in Cromwell's progress. He was no idealist turned cynic, that mournful spec-tacle, but a warrior called by heaven to save civil order and religious freedom; and it was with this duty heavy on his soul that he watched the working of the scheme that Harrison had pressed upon him. . . . " The company of men so chosen constituted what stands in history as the Little Parliament, or, parodied from the name of one of its members, Barebones' Parliament. They were nominated by Cromwell and his council of officers at their own will and pleasure, helped by the local knowledge of the Congregational churches in the c-mntry. The writ of summons, reciting how it was necessary to provide for the peace, safety, and good government of the Commonwealth by committing the trust of such weighty affairs to men with good assurance of love and courage for the interest of God's cause, was issued in the name of Oliver Cromwell, captain-general and commander-in-chief. One hundred and and thirty-nine of these summonses went out, and presently five other persons were invited by the con-vention itself to join, including Cromwell, Lambert and Harrison. . . . "Though so irregular in their source the nomi-nees of the officers were undoubtedly, for the most part, men of worth, substance, and standing. In- spired by the enthusiastic Harrison, their whole ex-istence is the high-water mark of the biblical politics of the times, of Puritanism applying itself to legis-lation, political construction, and social regeneration. It hardly deserves to be described as the greatest attempt ever made in history to found a civil society on the literal words of Scripture, but it was cer-tainly the greatest failure of such an attempt. " To the council chamber at Whitehall the chosen notables repaired on the 4th of July (1653), a day destined a century and more later to be the date of higher things in the annals of free government. They seated themselves round the table, and the lord general stood by the window, near the middle of it. The room was crowded with officers. Crom-well in his speech made no attempt to hide the military character of the revolution that had brought them together. The indenture, he told them, by which they were constituted the supreme authority had been drawn up by the advice of the principal officers of the army; it was himself and his felloW-members who had vainly tried to stir up the parlia-ment; he had been their mouthpiece to offer their sense for them; it was the army to whom the people had looked, in their dissatisfaction at the breakdown of parliamentary performance. . . . Now, God had called this new supreme authority to do his work, which had come to them by wise Providence through weak hands. " Meanwhile Oliver freely surrendered himself to the spiritual raptures of the hour. ' I confess I never looked to see such a day as this, when Jesus Christ should be so owned as he is this day in this work. God manifests this to be the day of the power of Christ, having through so much blood and so much trial as hath been upon these nations, made this to be one of the great issues thereof to have his people called to the supreme authority.' Text upon text is quoted in lyric excitement from prophets, psalmist, and apostles; Old Testament dispensation and New; appeals to the examples of Moses and of Paul, who could wish themselves blotted out of God's book for the sake of the whole people; the verses from James about wisdom from above being pure and peaceable, gentle, and easy to be entreated, full of mercy and good fruits; and then at last the sixty-eighth Psalm, with its triumphs so exceeding high and great. The Dissipation of the Dream. "A few weeks began the dissipation of the dream. They were all sincere and zealous, but the most zealous were the worst simpletons. . . . The impatience that had grown so bitter against the old parliament soon revived against the new convention. Just as it is the nature of courts of law to amplify 