einfkm11 CCMUST111JA! L1153 Egrf VOL. 17 NEW YORK, MARCH, 1902 No. 4 True Self-Government By Alonzo T. Jones GOD made man to govern himself. He made him that he should govern himself in Christ. For Christ is the WordŠthe expression of the thought Šof God; and "I would have you know that the Head of every man is Christ, . . . and the Head of Christ is God." 1 Cor. II :3. Thus the true and original self-government is individual self-gov-ernment directly by the power of God through Jesus Christ. ThisŠself-government by the power of GodŠis the only true self-government that is possible to mankind. The race of man was started upon this principle, and if the principle had been adhered to by all men the world would have escaped all the evil that has ever befallen it, or that i ver can befall it And even since all the evil has flooded the world any man can escape all the evil that this world knows, or can know, simply by accepting that principle and steadily adhering to it. That the race of man, even since the fall, and even since the flood, was started upon this principle, is declared by revela-tion; and is witnessed to by mankind it-self. The Anglo-Saxon race with all its kindred, equally with the most ancient, Egyptian, Babylonian, and Assyrian,  witnesses to a time and a condition in which God was the only king, the only lord, the only ruler known to themselves; and such widespread and independent testimony is conclusive evidence that that was a time and condition in which God was the only king, the only lord, the only ruler known to mankind. But men chose to experiment for themselves in government : to try to gov-ern themselves without God and without Christ. The experiment failed. It failed so completely, men so lost the faculty of self-government, that it so fell out that they must be governed. And since their loss of the principle and faculty of true self-government had developed such vio-lence among them that they must be gov-erned, it followed, in the very nature of the case, that he who would establish a government over such, must be more violentŠmust have the will, and be able, to exert more forceŠthan those whom he would govern. Accordingly, of the first man who ever established a territo-rial government or state, it is written: "He was an exceedingly wicked tyrant before the Lord." That man was Nim-rod ; and this very name "signifies rebel-lion, supercilious contempt; and, accord- 