706  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY spects such matters, and which must ob-tain in any community of seventh- and first-day observers where these principles are allowed to control. It is an actual and concrete demonstration of the specious character of the contentions of the advo-cates of Sunday enforcement, who would have the idea prevail that the peace, or-der and prosperity of a community or country is dependent upon. uniform "Sab-bath" observance, and who would have such observance strictly enforced by law. An investigation of Battle Creek condi-tions is likely to impress one very quick-ly with the fact that Sunday legislation is wholly unnecessary in the interests of civil order and industrial prosperity, and to lead to the conclusion that such legis-lation is "needed" only in communities where some of the people are too bigoted and intolerant to tolerate those who do not conform to their ideas with regard to Sabbath observance. The Failing of the Devout That is Shared by All One of the best religious exchanges that we receive, and one that, not with-out reason, prides itself upon its adher-ence to Biblical teaching, observes with reference to "the doctrine recently an-nounced by Dr. Parkhurst, that man is not immortal, but immortableÑthat is, . . . only those who are in God will live again, namely, in bliss, but the wicked will be annihilated," that "it must be very discouraging to the purveyors of heresy to find that no sooner have they put forth their latest novelties than some one seeks to rob them of their glory by attempting to prove 'priority of inven-tion.' " So it is in this instance, it is de-clared, for "the glamor of the novelty" of the "heresy" advanced by Dr. Park-hurst has died out since many voices  have been "raised in contention for the honor of having said the same thing long ago." And it is sagely added : In fact it can be shown that the error was known in the early church. The father of lies seems to be taking delight in leading the wise of our arrogant and conceited age into the errors and absurdities of ages upon which we are wont to look down with contempt. The history of modern heresy is a sardonic com-mentary on the foolish wisdom of this super-enlightened age. Now we wish to remain as free as pos-sible from that to which we here call at-tention, but we must observe that this seems to be a very plain instance of that proneness of people, and especially of people who regard themselves as having special connection with heaven, to pro-nounce as "heresy" and as having its ori-gin with the "father of lies," anything that does not accord with what they be-lieve. Now the fact is that nobody knows by actual knowledge what be-comes of the dead, whether they pass in-to another stage of existence or are re-solved into dust again. So far as hu-man observation and knowledge from that observation goes, the latter is the correct view. The immortality of the soul is a belief, it is not a matter of knowledge. But it is not a belief that the Bible supports, for it cannot be rec-onciled with the great Biblical doctrine of the resurrection, and neither can it be reconciled with much other Scripture teaching. The Scriptures say that God "only hath immortality," and teach that immortality for man was brought to light in and through the gospel. The "error" that man is only immorta-ble was known not only in the early church, but a long time before. As far back as the days of Job it was known that in the day that a man dieth his thoughts perish, and that the dead "shall not awake, nor be raised out of their sleep," "till the heavens be no more." No 