534  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY 7TA7a faugkell COMOSTilARf 1.01133ERrY PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, II WEST 20TH ST., NEW YORK CITY. TERrIS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Single copy, per year  $1.00 six months   .5o  three months    .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year   1.25 CLUBBING RATE. per copy. 5 or more copies to one address, one year   .7o Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Order, o-by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quanti-ties, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In care of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. JULY, 1902 is the date that a number of subscriptions to THE SENTINEL expire. Please notice your wrapper, and if yours is one of them you should promptly renew. Let every one read the announcement for the August SENTINEL and future numbers, which appears elsewhere, and then do your best to increase the circulation of the maga-zine in order that others may receive the bene-fit of the good things that are to be published soon. From time to time THE SENTINEL hats re-ceived donations of varying amounts for the purpose of aiding the cause of religious lib-erty. We wish to thank our friends who have thus remembered us. They will undoubtedly  be pleased to learn that their contributions have enabled us to send SENTINELS to differ-ent places where they were needed, and where we believe they were used to good advantage. The Life Boat for Tune is before us. This is an anti-cigarette number from start to fin-ish, and should be in the hands of every boy in the land, whether a cigarette smoker or not. Fifteen cents will buy ten copies of this excellent number, and no one should think of circulating a less number than that. Too much cannot be said or written of the evil effects of this pernicious habit, and the Life Boat is to be commended for devoting one entire number to this subject. Address all orders to the Life Boat, 28 Thirty-third Place, Chicago, Ill. The addresses of all subscribers to the Gos-pel Farmer are wanted by the former pub-lisher, M. E. Yergin, 12491/2  S. Broad St., Newark, N. J. LIVE RATIONALLY Stop taking drugs and patented poisons. They will not cure you. They never have. If so. why don't you stay cured ? It is a positive fact that thousands of peo-ple go annually to their graves, victims of the dosing habit. Are you to be one of them? Stop and think. Investigate the newer and saner method of curing disease. The method by which you will stay cured. The way to gain and retain robust, rugged health. Study the needs of your body. Free your system of its accumulation of poisonous waste matter, by ejectment and elimination through the skin and excretory organs. The Battle Creek Hot Air and Medicated Vapor Baths alone Can Do this Write at once for a free booklet on Health and Hy-giene. Address BATTLE CREEK BATH CABINET CO., 297 Champion gt , BATTLE CREEK, MULL, U. S. A. 