SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT. 253 that when the arrest was made the butch-erewas in his shop, with the shades drawn so that the interior was not visible from the street. He had no wares on exhibi-tion outside the shop, and so far as was apparent to the casual observer no busi-ness was being transacted within. Willi, who arrested him, testified that he "just sneaked in" and found Goldberg cutting a slice off a joint. Willi called a police-man and had the man arrested. It was testified that several persons were in the shop, and these, Willi said, he took to be customers waiting to be served. In deciding the case Magistrate Olm-sted took into consideration the wording of the whole chapter in which appears the section under which the prosecution was brought, and the wording of the sentence itself which was used specifical-ly to make the complaint. Section 259 of the Code, which is in chapter I. of title X., declares that "the first day of the week being by general consent set apart for rest and religious uses, the law pro-hibits the doing on that day of certain acts hereinafter specified, which are seri-ous interruptions of the repose and re-ligious liberty of the community." Sec-tion 264 of the code is as follows: Section 264.ŠPersons observing another day as a Sabbath. It is a sufficient defense to a prosecution for work or labor on the. first day of the week that the defendant uniformly keeps another day of the week as a holy time, and does not on that day labor, and that the labor complained of was done in such mariner as not to interrupt or disturb other persons in observing the first day of the week as holy time. The magistrate held that this section made it appear that Goldberg, an ortho-dox Jew, who observed Saturday as a holy day, was entitled to plead that fact  as a defense. In the code several cases are cited in support of this. The magistrate also took into consid-eration the question whether the work was one of necessity. Understanding that the Mosaic law required that no or-thodox Jew should eat meat more than twenty-four hours butchered, it appeared that a hardship would be wrought if the butcher was not allowed to sell to his patrons, who otherwise might be obliged to abstain from meat for a considerable period. All of these considerations, and the fact that the law prohibits the "pub-lic sale," led him to the decision which he rendered. In Rapalje and Lawrence's Law Dic-tionary the first definition of "public" is "open; notorious." Webster gives as the definition of the word: "Open to the knowledge or view of all; general; com-mon; notorious; as, public report; public scandal." Magistrate Olmsted took into consid-eration also the population of the sec-tion of the city in which the alleged of-fense was committed. The residents of the district in which Goldberg's trade is are practically all Jews. It was not con-tended that the peace and quiet of the day were disturbed by his sale of meat behind closed doors and drawn curtains, or that any persons going on their busi-ness of observing a holy time were in-terrupted in so doing by the acts com-plained of. In fact, the vast majority of the denizens of the vicinity do not re-gard the first day as a holy day. The truth of this may be judged from the fact that it is common report that a public school in that vicinity has 1,60o pupils on its rolls, and that of them only two are of the Christian religion.ŠNew York Sun, Feb. It. 