RUMANIAN PERSECUTIONSŠPROTEST AGAINST THEM 743 disgraceful pages of modern history," is defended or excused in much the same way that Sunday legislation and en-forcement is defended in the United States, and as in fact the use of govern-mental power in the interests of religious creeds and institutions, and as a means of persecution and oppression on ac-count of religious differences, has always been defended. It is declared that the laws under which the Jews suffer are not persecuting measures, that most of them are "trade-law" regulations having noth-ing to do with religion and not especially applicable to the Jews as such, and that "all talk of the persecution of the Jews comes from incorrect suppositions as to what the law is." Before the abolition of their schools the Jews were compelled to keep them open on the seventh day of the week, and in order to observe the Sabbath only religious instruction was Ł given in them on that day. Whereupon "the government found that it was not pedagogic to teach one subject exclu-sively on one day !" And so in the United States a law re-quiring the observance of a religious in-stitution, the enforcement of which in a very distinct sense oppresses the Sab-bath-observing Jews and others in this country, as we show elsewhere in this issue, is also defended as a sort of "trade-law" and industrial regulation, and as in no sense a measure of religious restric- tion and discrimination. It is declared that a rest-day has to be "secured to the poor workingman," and that it would never do to leave industry free to go on every day in the week. Clerks, butchers, barbers, grocers and others who are rap- idly becoming infected with the idea that it is very much against their interests as business men and tradesmen for any-body in their respective lines to do busi-ness on Sunday, and that it is their right as business men and tradesmen to have  strict Sunday closing enforced, are rap-idly imparting to the matter a very plaus-ible "trade-law" aspect. And so Sun-day observance must be enforced upon the people, the individual must be denied one of his most fundamental rights on one day of the week, and Jews and all observ-ers of another day must get along as best they can with only five days for labor and business. It is against the public welfare, it is not good policy nor pa-triotic [pedagogic], to have it otherwise, say clergymen and some statesmen, and, like their friends in Rumania with re-gard to similar matters, they smile at the intimation that there can be anything like religious bigotry or oppression in their "civil"-holiday-"holy"-day legisla-tion and enforcement. These people should ponder the fact that the first step taken by the Rumanian authorities against the Jewish schools was to com-pel them to close on Sunday. But of course while thus enforcing respect for the "Christian Sabbath" on the part of those who did not believe in its sacred-ness, the Rumanian authorities, like their American counterparts, had not the slightest idea of injecting any religious bigotry into the matter, or of persecuting anybody on account of religion ! Oh ! no; they were moved only by "civil" con-siderations, as are the advocates of Sun-day legislation in this country ! In order to be fair in the matter and true to the facts, and at the same time to further emphasize the parallel above in-dicated, it may be said that the disabilities imposed upon the Jews by the Ruma-nians are to a considerable extent due to commercial and industrial envy, rather than to bald religious and racial prejudice and hatred. The discrimina-ting laws are no doubt procured and en-forced in many cases at the instance of unscrupulous persons who have very lit-tle interest in the religious phase of the 