Why Sunday Laws Are Wrong Bp A. G. DanielIs SUNDAY legislation is wrong. It can only work injustice to the citi-zens of the state. It is therefore to be condemned; and all movements seek-ing such legislation are to be condemned likewise. The following are some of the evils of Sunday legislation : 1. It is religious legislation. 2. It favors a class of citizens in mat-ters of religion. 3. It invades the sacred precincts of the conscience. 4. It deprives men of their individual rights. 5. It leads to religious persecution. This, we know, is a severe indictment against Sunday legislation, but we be-lieve that each count can be sustained by plain, undeniable facts. (I.) Sunday legislation is religious legislation. This is true from the fact that the Sunday institution is a religious institution. And it is on this ground that Sunday laws are made and enforced on the citizens of the state. Said Joseph Cook in one of his Bos-ton Monday lectures in 1887: "The ex-perience of centuries shows that you will in vain endeavor to preserve Sun-day as a day of ,rest, unless it is as a day of worship." Dr. Evarts says of Sunday : "This day is set apart for divine worship and prep-aration for another life. It is the test of all religion." Of the basis on which Sunday legis-lation rests, the American Sabbath Union says : "A weekly day of rest has never been permanently secured in any land except on the basis of religious obli- gation. Take the religion out and you take the rest out." Section i of the present Sunday law of England and the colonies requires : "That all and every person and persons whatsoever, shall, on every Lord's day, apply themselves thereon in the duties of piety and true religion, publicly and privately." From these quotations it is plain that Sunday is a religious institution, that Sunday laws are religious laws, and that Sunday legislation is an attempt to en-force religion by the power of civil gov-ernment. (2.) Sunday legislation favors a class of citizens in matters of religion. All religious legislation discriminates in fa-vor of a class. In no state are the citi-zens all agreed in matters of religion. Some are religious, and some are not religious. And those who are re-ligious do not by any means all hold the same views of religion. With reference to a day of rest there are at least three classes : Sabbatarians, Sunday observers, and those who do not believe in or hold any day as sacred. Sabbatarians observe the seventh day; Sunday observers regard the first day as sacred ; worldlings, or non-professors, do not regard either day. It is as plain as facts can demonstrate that Sunday legis-lation discriminates in favor of a class, namely, Sunday observers. But all such discrimination is unjust. It is contrary to the principles of good government. Religion is man's personal relation of faith and obedience to God. With this relation civil government should have nothing whatever to do. 