A Protest and Warning THERE is another point I must speak of very briefly. I would not speak of it at all, did it not seem to me to be my duty. I ask that I may not be mis-understood or my motive misinterpreted. I speak of it not through any antipathy to the Catholics as such ; I speak of it because the Roman Catholic Church to-day illustrates this great, this imminent danger to the welfare of the Republic ; and it happens to be represented by the claims which it is making. Archbishop Farley the other day put in a plea for the city's money to support and endow a Catholic library. That is one point I wish you to note. And the other is kindred to itŠthat the Catholic Church is earnestly, patiently, persistent-ly, determinedly, making an attack on our public school system. It is endeavor-ing to do one of two thingsŠeither to get the public schools open to distinctively Catholic teaching or else get public money for the support of distinctively Catholic schools. And, if the time ever comes when either of these aims is accom-plished, it will be a sad day for the future of the Republic. England has recently been convulsed from one end to the other over a similar questionŠthe endeavor of the Established Church of England to get control, or to keep control, of public education. It seems to me that the principle is so clear that no man who devotes five minutes to careful consideration of it can possibly go astray. Why should Arch-bishop Farley ask the money of New  York for the support of a Catholic libra-ry ? Why should he ask it for the sup-port of Catholic schools ? The principle-is here: public money for public uses and public uses alone. I should fight against this just as vigorously if the proposition was to ask for public money to support a Unitarian library, or a library of any other sort whatsoever. You and I are not interested in the-fostering and maintenance and spread of a kind of religion in which we do not believe. Let those who are interested in it have all liberty to work for it, to give-for it, to build it up in every conceivable-way. But what right have they to tax a Jew, a Buddhist, a Presbyterian, an Epis-copalian, a Unitarian, an agnostic, toŁ teach and spread the Catholic faith? Why should -money be taken out of my pocket to accomplish ends which I not only do not believe in, but which I do not approve, and which I believe to be detri-mental to the public welfare? It is in  justice, it is robbery, it is outrage. I warn you to think of these things ;. for it has been a surprise to me here in New York to note that movements of this-sort are being made every little while. And the result of them is not the rising of the people in defence of the Republic : it is hardly more than a paragraph in the newspapers ; and just because of this-apathy and lack of attention we shall wake up some day to find that certain irretrievable steps have been taken, and' that the mischief has been accomplished. THE Romish Church now presents a fair front to the world, covering with apologies her record of horrible cruelties. She has clothed herself with Christ-like ŁThe matter under this heading is from an address, entitled "Lincoln and Washington as Guides for To-day," delivered by Dr. Minot 1. Savage in the Church of the Messiah (Unitarian) in New York on February 15. garments ; but she-  is unchanged. Every principle of popery that existed in past ages exists to-day. Romanism as a sys-tem is no more in harmony with the gospel of Christ now than at any former period in her history. Let none deceive- 