704  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY This harmonizes exactly with the genius of Sunday enforcement. If the church continues to cling to and uphold the in-iquitous principle of Sunday enforcement it is only a question of time when it will be as political in spirit and practise as any political party, and the caucus will indeed "be as sacred an appointment as the place of prayer" for church members, as declared by Mr. Samuel B. Capen at the Christian Endeavor Convention in Cincinnati last year, but it will be be-cause there will be precious little sacred-ness about the prayer meeting. Whatever may be the responsibility of the individual citizen with regard to his vote at the caucus or elsewhere, the church has no such duty and responsibil-ity as that assumed by these religious leaders in Massachusetts. When the church sets itself to work to further and maintain particular measures of legisla-tion and attempts to direct and control the votes of individuals at the caucus or elsewhere, it is entirely out of its proper sphere. The business of the church is to teach men the principles of righteousness and to leave them to vote at the caucus and elsewhere as they see fit. And the appeals of religious leaders who seek to control political action in the interests of enforced religionÑfor that is exactly what Sunday enforcement isÑshould be spurned by every American and every Christian. We have in this Massachusetts in-stance a mild but very suggestive illus-tration of what is bound to be the result of the following out of the teaching of "Christian cititzenship" and "Christian patriotism"Ñthat is, that it is the busi-ness of Christians as Christians to get control of and to keep control of all gov-ernmental affairsÑwhich has been incul-cated for years in the Christian Endeav-or and other large religious organiza-tions. The things that result are these :  The religious element as the religious el-ementÑthe churchÑbecomes a political force, if not a political party; its leaders, just like any other politicians, try to mus-ter and control votes, both of citizens and legislators, in the interests of meas-ures of legislation in which they are es-pecially interested ; religious legislation and religious persecution ensues, if the religious leaders have their way, for un-der such circumstances it will never fail to be the case that the legislation in which the church will chiefly interest herself will be legislation for her own special benefitÑlegislation in support of what is deemed true religion and its in-stitutions, as is the case in this Massa-chusetts instance. When the Christian church begins to devote herself to what some who claim to represent her are pleased to term "Christian stewardship as related to the matter of the individual citizen's obliga-tion to be faithful in the intelligent use of his caucus vote," she is becoming un-faithful to the genuine Christian stew-ardship committed to her by Him who said : "My kingdom is not of this world ; if my kingdom were, of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews"Ñthen would my servants seek to control politi-cal caucuses and legislatures, that the Sabbath and other institutions of my re-ligion should not be "undermined"Ñ"but now is my kingdom not from hence." ¥ In the August SENTINEL attention was called to the fact that the supreme court of the State of Washington had reversed the decision of the Walla Walla superior court, which in August, 1901, in the case of a Seventh-day Adventist merchant of College Place, who had been prosecuted for keeping open store on Sunday, pro-nounced the State Sunday law unconsti-tutional. Mr. Nichols writes us that 