432 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the contrary is endorsed. Now,. it seems to us that the point made against this Sunday ordinance could be made upon grounds no less strong, broad and obvi-ous, and certainly not bearing so much the appearance of technicality, against the Sunday laws themselves. Let us con-sider the matter in the light of this de-cision. If the Jew, Gentile and Mohammedan have equal rights of worship under the Constitution how is it that there can be legislation by which one of them may worship on the day which he observes "without being disturbed or offended by the noise and turmoil of business," while the other two are left to worship on the days which they observe without the aid and protection of any such compulsory suspension of business? If the proper protection of the rights of the Sunday observer requires that there shall be legis-lation preventing the noise and turmoil of business on the day on which he wor-ships, why does not the proper protec-tion of the rights of the Jew or the Mo-hammedan require that there shall be legislation preventing the noise and tur-moil of business on the days on which they worship? If there is such legisla-tion in the one case and not in the other does it not create a condition in which the Sunday observer receives more than he is guaranteed by the Constitution, or else that the Jew and the Mohammedan re-ceive less than is guaranteed them by the Constitution ? And in either case can it be said that there is equal protection be-fore the law ? Now, is not a law which rests upon the assumption that the Mohammedan and the Jew are amply protected in their rights under the Constitution when there is no legislation prohibiting the noise and turmoil of business on the sixth and sev-enth days of the week, while the Sunday observer is not protected in his rights of  worship under the Constitution unless there is legislation prohibiting the noise and turmoil of business on the first day of the week, an unreasonable law ? We do not see how it can be regarded as otherwise, and hence it seems to us that on the very ground on which the above decision holds the St. Joseph Sunday-closing ordinance to be invalid and void, that all the Sunday legislation of the character endorsed by the decision can also he held to be invalid acid void. The above decision is mistaken in say-ing that Sunday laws have not been sus-tained upon the ground of the nature of the day, and that the courts agree in holding any law based upon the idea of the holiness of the day to be void. Of course Sunday laws should not have been sustained upon such ground, and the courts should have agreed in holding that a law so sustained was void, but such has not been the case. The indisputable fact with regard to Sunday legislation as it exists in the United States and other An-glo-Saxon countries to-day, is that it be-came statute law originally solely on the ground of divine command, or in other words on the ground of the holiness, of the day itself. On such ground it is still sustained, but not universally. Very nat-urally, in the United States, there has been a disposition to seek other ground for such legislation, and the reasons pre-sented have been various, but a candid examination of the decisions in which they are elaborated shows that they are adduced because of reluctance to appeal to the original and real ground upon which the legislation rests. The idea has been to sustain the legislation, and where that to which it owes its origin has been forsaken it has been done simply in or-der that the legislation might survive. All arguments for Sunday legislation aside from that of the original ground of divine command and the holiness of the 