'dL 2I .4 wst Jg —5t —4" AA .4  .4 wst Jg Je .4 .5: r. 8 r. SIG Sh 14 SIG SIG gC SlG vvewwweewle'vw .41e.  14.  34" 2e 2e' 20 2: 20 r 24' fe 20 2C 24' 2e 2: 7e le 21" 20 20 2e to All styles with thumb index. Cloth  25c, 0.9 Ł Morocco Bound, with stamp holder, 60c Leather Ł Ł Ł Ł - Ł Ł Ł - 50s PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING C II West 20th Street, New York. FIFTH, THE LITERARY GUIDE. THE NEW WEBSTER VEST POCKET DICTIONARY is a compendium of five books. FIRST, THE DICTIONARY. 45.80o words are spelled, defined, pronounced, formation of plurals shown, also a list of 1,450 proper names and adjectives. SECOND, THE GAZETTEER. Under the title of each continent is given its countries, their area, population and capital. Every name is pronounced, and those in the postal union indicated. THIRD, THE PARLIAMENTARY MANUAL. One of the most complete compendiums of parliamentary prac-tice ever compiled. So arranged that a momentary glance will make clear any question. FOURTH, THE RAPID CALCULATOR. Short cuts in calculations, interest, weights and measures, forms for notes. bills, receipts. Yet farther a section on general deport. ment, dress, conversation, etc. You will not require a reading rack to hold this library, for all this information and more, is in a little book that will fit into the vest Docket. A LITTLE DICTIONARY. A few simple and sensible rules about letter-writing, capital let-ters, punctuation, postal regulations, etc. 658 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Justice Beasley, Justice Depue and Cortlandt Parker, the revisors, for some reason allowed the wording of Section 12 to be changed. The words, "the two preceding sections," were left out. Why tney were left out no one can tell, but it is believed to have been by a mistake on the part of the printer or of some clerk. These two preceding sections specify the punishment for certain sales on Sunday. The contention is that although the first section of the Vice and Immorality Act prevents the sell-ing of meat on Sunday, yet the broad wording of Section 12 allows meat to be sold if it be sold at the usual place of business. Such a construction is absurd. To think that three great lawyers should allow the first section to prevent work unon the Sabbath day, the selling of meat included, and then a few sections later to declare that work could be done, if done in the person's usual place of business, is ri-diculous. This section has never been construed by any court. Every one has admitted since the pas-sage of the act that it prevented all work on the Sabbath day. In 1893 the newspapers of the Stat, had a special act passed allowing  them to print and sell papers on Sunday. as did also the milkmen to sell milk, both busi-ness representatives thinking that if specific laws were not nassed allowing them to sell on Sund-,,s they might be arrested. If the court shall decide that a person has a right to sell meat on Sunday if he sell it at his butcher shop, then the whole object of the act is done away with. Ł The merchants of Belle Plain, Minn., have signed an agreement "to keep their places of business closed on Sundays dur-ing the remainder of 1902, with the ex-ception of four Sundays in harvest time." Each signer "agrees to forfeit $25 each time he is found guilty of selling or giv-ing away any goods on Sunday." A resolution asking the railroads to discontinue Sunday excursions was unanimously adopted by the Minnesota Christian Missionary Society, in session at Mankato, Minn., June 17-20. 