132  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY feuvonefi (CDF CETBSTlliail LBZERn¥ PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE PACIFIC PRESS PUBLISHING COMPANY, II WEST 20TH ST., NEW YORK CITY. TERrIS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Single copy, per year months  $1.00 six  .5o "  three months   .25 To foreign countries in Postal Union, one year   x.25 CLUBBING RATE per copy 5 or more copies to one address, one year   .70 Club rate for three and six months in proportion. Special terms to agents. Sample copies gratis. Cor-respondence solicited. Any one receiving "The Sentinel of Christian Lib-erty" without having ordered it, may know that it is sent by some friend. Those who have not ordered the magazine need have no fears that they will be asked to pay for it. TO OUR PATRONS. Please be careful to write all names of persons and places plainly. Remit by P. 0. Money Order, Express Order, or by Bank Draft on New York. Make all Orders and Drafts payable to Pacific Press Publishing Company. We will receive Postage Stamps in small quantities, and any kind of good money. Paper money or silver should be sent in a Registered Letter. The address on the wrapper will always indicate the time to which your subscription is paid. In case of non-receipt of the magazine, or other irregularity, please notify us immediately. When requesting change of address, be sure to give both old and new address. Rates for advertising can be had on application. A conspicuous and rather mortifying typo-graphical error occurred in the December Sentinel. The word "Parasees" in the note under the frontispiece should of course have been Pharisees. The error was due to a dis-arrangement of the type after it was on the press. For all the kind expressions of commenda-tion and appreciation that have greeted The Sentinel in its new form we are very grate-ful, and we trust that the friends of The Sentinel will always find it to be the true friend of liberty that they declare it to be, and therefore worthy of the high esteem in which they hold it. The Post-office officials  at Washington have just ruled that a subscription to any publi-cation entered as second-class matter must be discontinued when the time for which it is paid in advance has expired. Therefore, all subscribers should watch the date on their wrappers and be sure to renew promptly. To All Club Subscribers. Please notice that, beginning with this issue of The Sentinel of Christian Liberty, all former club rates will be abolished and in their place will be but one rate, 5 or more copies to one address, 70 cents per copy, per year. This will be a great boon to all subscribers taking small clubs, and we earnestly hope and confidently expect that the immediate result of this will be the adding of a large number of small clubs, and that many of the present clubs will be able to use more copies than hitherto. It will be no hardship to those taking twenty-five copies or more, because the increase in the value of the magazine, over its old form, will more than offset the slight advance in the large club subscriptions. The Signs of the Times for Igoe. To our readers who wish a good, live and intensely interesting religious journal which discusses all religious topics from the stand-point of the Bible, we take pleasure in rec-ommending the Signs of the Times, published at Oakland, Cal. We give below a short prospectus of this journal for the year 19o2: GENERAL ARTICLES DEPARTMENT. I. Nature of Man and a Consideration of Spiritism. A Scientific and Biblical View, by Prof. J. A. L. Derby. 2. Restoration from Babylon, from the Captivity of Judah to the First Advent of the Messiah, by Alonzo T. Jones. 3. The Coming of the Lord, Its Certainty, Its Manner, Its Nearness, will be set forth in clear, forceful messages by L. A. Phippeny and C. M. Snow, in from fifteen to twenty articles. 4. "Consider Him," a series of studies on our blessed Lord as Creator, as Angel of the Covenant, as the Word made flesh, as our ExampleÑthe Personified Law, as the Great 