EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 629 mit Congregational Church, Dubuque, Iowa, said, as reported in a local paper : The Puritanical spirit has ever been against the desecration of the Sabbath, and I am heartily opposed to baseball on Sunday or to anything which would be the means of des-ecrating the sacred day.... I am opposed to the desecration of the Sunday by the baseball game, and cannot understand the idea of the Catholic clergy in encouraging anything of the sort, as the young men are allowed to play, say at St. Joseph's College for instance, on Sunday afternoons. I believe in the Puritanical spirit, and am opposed forever to any games which may be a desecration of the Sunday. Of course the idea of using " the Sun- day (or rather " the Sabbath," for the Puritans knew nothing of "the Sunday ") or any portion of it for healthful diver-sions and games or anything other than religious purposes is too much for the Puritanical spirit. It is well to have the spirit which combats and denounces the sensible stand taken by Professor Hen-derson so definitely and accurately in-dicated from a source where it is in high favor. Rev. A. M. Case, a Congrega-tional minister of Rockford, Ill., thought the stand taken by Professor Henderson " too startling to be passed by unchal-lenged," and sent to the Chicago Tribune a communication in which he said among other things : God says, " Remember the Sabbath day to keep it holy." If the bars are once let down, and if the young and rising generation are led to believe that Sunday baseball is harmless, or rather that one can engage in it feeling that it is in the interest of " morality and religion," then we may soon, both as individuals and as a nation, bid farewell to all that is sacred in the very name of the "Holy Sabbath." The idea that the attendance at church in the morning will offset the desecration of Sabbath after-noon is the doctrine of the thief and the robber, who give to the poor a small part of their pil-ferings, and thus endeavor to quiet conscience and square their " book account with God." Let me say to your multitude of readers, and to Prof. Henderson in particular, that in the opinion of an elderly minister of the gospel, he who by word or deed, be he talented or other-wise, seeks to lessen in the minds of our youth  or of the nation respect for God's holy day, by encouraging Sunday ball games, Sunday theaters, or any other dissipation which tends to deaden one's sensibility and thus wean them from church-going and from a life of piety, is to humanity a curse instead of a blessing. Mr. Case says that if the professor's position is right, then there can be no harm " in engaging in any other recrea-tion or even in work on the farm or in the shop." And what harm, indeed, is there in engaging in work on the farm or in the shop on Sunday? Certainly there is much less harm in it than in doing a hun-dred and one other things that are now engaged in on Sunday because of the sus-pension and prohibition of honest and use-ful industry. The manner in which the clergy have received Professor Hender-son's utterances emphasizes a fact which we have often pointed out, namely, that it is not the interests and welfare of the working classes that the clergy are con-cerned about in connection with the " day of rest," but the alleged holy and sacred character of the day itself. It is the day, not the people, that they are looking out for; and little do they care for the inter-ests of the people when regard for them means any " desecration " of the " sa-cred " Sunday. They believe that man was made for the Sabbath, and not the Sabbath for man ; at least that such is the case with regard to their Sunday sabbath. "Educational Unifica- All during the last tion" in New YorkŠ A Neglected but session of the New Moot Import nt  FeatureYork legislature there was agitation, and at times " bitter con-tests " at Albany, over what was called " educational unification," which seemed to turn upon the question of whether the State " Board of Regents " or the Depart-ment of Public Instruction should control the educational affairs of the State. Sev-eral bills were introduced in the legis-lature and fought over before committees, but we were never able to learn just what were the particular points at issue. It 