326 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY about two-thirds of what he regarded as absolutely necessary" to avert industrial ruin on the island. More than this the reduction is to be limited to but one crop, extending only to December of next year, and with this "concession" go some more "Platt amendments" to the effect that Cuba shall enact in return "immigration and exclusion laws as fully restrictive of immigration as the laws of the United States," and shall grant "reciprocal and equivalent concessions in favor of the products and manufactures of the United States which shall be, less by an amount equivalent to at least 20 per cent. than the rate imposed upon like articles when imported into Cuba from the most fa-vored of other countries." The Outlook, which has so constantly seen the hand of Providence in all that the United States has done in its colonial ventures, revolts at this treatment of Cuba, and observes that "it would be base, having made.free, to rob of the fruits of freedom." "This," says The Outlook, "is a new version of the parable of the Good Samaritan : drive off the robbers, and then leave the wounded traveler to die of starvation." It is strange that with this matter before it The Outlook does not see that Cuba has not been made free; she has been made a dependency of this country, and it is that relation of hers to this coun-try which moves The Outlook, evidently unconsciously, however, to make such strenuous pleas "for the redemption of the public pledges and the saving of the national honor." We shall give more at-tention to this and related matters in our next number. On March 2 Giacchino Pecci reached the age of ninety-three years. The next day was the twenty-fourth anniversary of his coronation as Pope, the fiftieth an-niversary of his installation as cardinal,  and the sixtieth anniversary of his as-signment as nuncio at Bru'ssels. This was made the occasion of a great cele-bration in Rome, called the jubilee cele-bration of the anniversary of his corona-tion as Pope, though why, we do not un-derstand. The principal ceremony was held in the Basilica of St. Peter's, which had not been used on such an occasion since 1870. We are assured that it was attended with "extraordinary pomp." "Thirty cardinals, numerous archbishops and bishops, the members of the Pon-tifical Court, the special foreign missions sent by most countries, the members of the diplomatic corps, and the Roman no-bility, all in magnificent vestments or uni-forms, participated in the ceremony and formed a striking spectacle. The Pon-tifical Guards, wearing their gala uni-forms, were on duty on all sides." We are told also that this was the first time the "Pontifical Guards" have worn their full-dress uniforms since 187o. It was not stated whether they were the same uniforms worn the last time, nor what sort of uniformg have been worn in the meantime. It is said that the ceremony was witnessed by an assemblage of 50,-000 persons, 27,000 of whom were Americans, or at least that rpany tickets had been allotted to Amer-icans. "Costly gifts and autograph letters from the heads of the states they represented" were presented to the Pope by the special representatives of many governments. Emperor Wil-liam of Germany sent a special envoy with a present and congratulations, and King Edward VII. sent his congratula-tions by Earl Denbigh. The Outlook says "he is the only Pope in recent cen-turies who, during his lifetime, has been honored by Christians of every name." And The Outlook pays its respects by the use of the term, "His Holiness." 