SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 15 are in this city only on Sunday. For this reason Łthe firm kept its place of business open on Sunday. Complaint having been made to the police that Mil-ler & Hull were violating the Sunday-closing ordinance, a plain-clothes man was sent . in to make a purchase, and upon- the strength of this Mr. Miller ,was arrested and fined." The following petition, to which was attached "many" signatures, was pre-,sented to the city council of Columbus, e Ga., on December 14: " To the Hon-' orable Mayor and Board of Aldermen of the City of Columbus: We, the undersigned butchers and grocers re-siding in Ł said city, respectfully peti-tion that your body pass such ordinance as will prevent all butchers and grocers residing in said city from pursuing and carrying on their business as butchers and grocers on the Sabbath day, and require all butchers and grocers to keep their places of business closed on the Sabbath day, except during the summer months, commencing the '15th day of May until the 15th day of Sep-tember, from 4 to 8 a. m." The peti-qion "was referred to the ordinance committee for investigation." The Illinois Retail Clerks' Associa-tion did not succeed in securing the passage of its Sunday-closing measure at the last session of the legislature, and will renew the attempt this winter. At the convention to be held in Blooming-ton this month "the subject of Sunday closing with a view to securing legis-lative action will be given extensive discussion." "Complaint is made that many of the retail stores of the State and also in the outlying districts of Chicago keep open on Sunday, and the clerks are anxious to have the practise abolished by law." Therefore "a strin- gent act will be prepared and laid be-fore the legislature," and "the coming convention will appoint a committee to work for the passage of the measure." "In addition, the various local organ-izations will be instructed to interview the legislative candidates and under-take to secure from them pledges in support of the proposed legislation." The agent of the Adams Express Company at West Chester, Pa., received the following notice from Burgess Pen.-nypacker of that place on December 21: "About two weeks ago I notified your clerk that your delivery wagons should not run on the Sabbath day, and that your congestion of business could be relieved by calling to your aid our local expressmen. I am informed that you disregarded my notice, and used your delivery wagons yesterday. The act of assembly of 1794 excepts work of necessity and mercy, and I am sure that your action could not fall within these terms. It is my purpose to preserve good order as far as I can, and the pursuit of your business upon the first day of the week, so far as the local de-livery is concerned, is in clear violation of the law. The Adams Express Com-pany is bound to pay a decent regard to the Christian principles of this com-munity, as well as the law of the State, and you are hereby notified that any further infraction in this respect will meet with my instant attention." The spirit of religionts intolerance is in evi-dence in this notice, although one state-ment would seem to indicate that the burgess was seeking to augment the business of the local expressman. However, the commercial and religious motives are working together in these days to enforce conformity to that ar-ticle of the church creed which re-quires "a decent regard" for and ob-servance of the religious Sunday. It is reported from Joliet, Ill., that "the Rev. Wm. B. Walker of Christ lEpiscopal Church has been made a sort of assistant chief of police by Mayor Crolius, to enable him to conduct his anti-saloon campaign." " The mayor asked the pastor to act as his personal -representative in investigating the vio- lations of law, and offered him the use of the police department in arresting any saloon-keepers who might be found keeping open after hours or on Sun-day." Of course the principle feature of any anti-saloon campaign that is being pushed by a clergyman will be Sunday closing. 