, SENATOR HOAR ON SUNDAY LEGISLATIONÑA REVIEW 87 tian religion as well. But this is a doc-trine that is trampled upon by every Sun-day law, and that is repudiated sooner or later by every advocate of such legis-lation. We are sorry to note that this doctrine is not adhered to in the article that we have under consideration. The "Civic Basis" for Sunday Laws But to come to what the Senator de-clares he understands to be "the true principle upon which what are known as Sunday laws can be maintained without violation of religious freedom." He says : "We have a right to establish. holidays, and to secure them against disturbance. We have the right to limit the hours of labor. And we have the right to secure our dwellings against disturbing noises in the street or on other men's premises. We have the right to secure the quiet of the night. Nobody questions the lawful-ness of this exercise of power by the State, and nobody deems it an undue re-straint of individual conscience or indi-vidual liberty. Now the Sunday laws must rest upon this principle, if at all. If in any particular they go beyond it, they are so far, I think, illogical, and should be amended to conform to it." The Senator also says that "experience has convinced a majority of our people that a rest from labor of one day in seven is not only desirable but is essen-tial for the mental and bodily health of men and women in general," and that "the State has the right to secure this period of rest by law." The curfew law, the law which secures the Saturday half-holiday for workmen, and the laws pro-hibiting disturbances at night, are all re-ferred to as illustrating and justifying the principle upon which Sunday laws rest. It is also intimated that it would not be an act of tyranny for the legisla- tive power to require the public to ab-stain from ordinary business on the day of the funeral of some great public man, and that "the State has the right to com-pel the citizen, within reasonable limits, to respect the holidays of the majority of the citizens." Everything that can possibly contrib-ute to the plausibility of the "civil sab-bath" argument is here brought to light, but not a single one of the things referred to presents a parallel to Sunday legisla-tion. We are not well versed in the legis-lation which has to do with preserving quiet at night, nor with that which limits the hours of labor, but it requires no very great knowledge of such legislation to discover the wide difference between it and Sunday laws. Sunday Legislation and "the Right to Establish Holidays" Doubtless the State has the right to establish holidays, but we are not ready to concede that there is no limit to that right. The pertinent qtlestion in this connection is, Has the State the right to compel a religious observance of holi-days, to prohibit labor on such days, under penalty of fine and imprisonment? We think not, and we do not believe that there is any law with reference to holi-days in this country in which any such right is assumed. Senator Hoar says he supposes "nobody would have deemed it an act of tyranny for the legislative power of the State to require the public to abstain from ordinary secular busi-ness on the day of the funeral of Lin-coln or Garfield or McKinley." Per-haps not ; but was such right assumed by any State on these occasions? It cer-tainly was not on the day of the funeral of the late President. Business was sus-pended in the great cities of the country just five minutes, and that by voluntary 