AN INDICTMENT OF NEW YORK'S SUNDAY LAW  567 ¥ p p dividual having this right to choose for himself, all have it, and therefore can delegate another to choose for him ; and government can thence derive a right to choose for its constituents a day to be kept as a sabbath. Were this admitted my argument would lose nothing of its weight, because the power must in fact be delegated, or it could not be right-eously exercised. Now if there is an article in our State constitution by which the power is delegated to choose a " sab-bath day of the Lord," I will bow in submission. But that power is not, nor indeed can be given. Although each per-son has a right to choose and keep a sabbath day, the particular day in his opinion not being essential he may dele-gate if he will another to choose it for him. But if he conscientiously thinks the particular day is essential, he can have no moral right to authorize another to choose for him a sabbath day which he in his conscience deems the wrong day. He has no moral right himself to choose a day he conscientiously believes to be wrong, and he never could righteously delegate to others or to government a right to coerce him to keep a sabbath day against his conscience. The rights or the liberty of conscience therefore is natural and unalienable. The right to choose a sabbath day has not been delegated to our legislature, and the right to coerce any against their conscience to keep a religious holy day is not possessed by man, nor can it be righteously exercised by any human power. The law in question therefore by desig-nating or recognizing the first day of the week as a religious sabbath, and coercing a part of the community against their conscience and opinions to keep it as holy time is an exercise of power without any right to do being delegated to our legis-lature by God or man, and is hence an act of usurpation, " spiritual oppression and intolerance," and a violation of the  natural and unalienable rights of man. In truth the statute on which we are com-menting not only contravenes the author-ity on which it assumes to be based, by acknowledging and coercing the observ-ance of another day than that named in the alleged command as a sabbath, but, in forbidding recreation, it goes beyond any injunction contained in that command. The command alluded to enjoins us to " do no work," and by what authority, save that of human laws, recreation is forbidden on any sabbath as immoral is not easy to determine; for it is just as certain that God did not forbid it on His Sabbath as that He appointed a sabbath day for man. Sabbat, the Hebrew word for sabbath, means rest from labor. Rec-reation is rest from labor, and therefore not an act of immorality or a breach of the command which requires us only to abstain from work. The command does not say " thou shalt take no recreation, shall perform religious ceremoniesÑgo to meeting, preach, pray, sing psalms, or worship God." However pious those de-votions may be they are not enjoined by the command of which we have been speaking. The incompatibility of the statute law with the alleged command of God will appear singularly striking when we under-take to read them together. Thus God commands us to keep the seventh day (of the week) as a sabbath; our legislature commands us to keep the first. God com-mands us to do no work on the seventh day ; our legislature tells us we may do as much work as we please on that day. God commands us to do all our work on the other six days in the week, including the first; our legislature forbids us at our peril to do any work on the first. The alleged command of God allows us when we rest from labor to take recreation; our legislature forbids us even that necessary and innocent amusement. Pray now let me ask, which is the paramount authority, 