SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 249 mitted "a lot of men would have to work on Sunday," and that children would thereby be "induced to run away from Sunday-school." They thought that the innovation would be an injury rather than a benefit, and that it was "better for the people to go to church on Sunday than to take trips on the cars." Others thought this was a matter in which the people should be allowed to decide for themselves. The proposition for a ref-erendum on the question was defeated by a vote of six to five. A spirited hearing on the bill of As-semblyman Adler permitting retail butchers who observe the seventh day of the week to keep their places of business open on Sunday took place before a com-mittee of the New York legislature on February 12. The bill was favored by a delegation of retail butchers from New York City, headed by Mr. Otto Rosal-sky, and was opposed by a large dele-gation said to have numbered "over 300 persons, representing the retail butch-ers' trade throughout the State." Mr. Rosalsky, Rabbi Drachman, Assembly-man Prince, and other men from New York City spoke in behalf of the bill. Speeches against the bill were made by Mr. Daniel J. Holly, of Troy, Rev. W. S. Hubbell, of the Sabbath (Sunday) Observance Committee of New York City, President Phoeler, of the Retail Butchers' Association, Wm. J. Lavery, of the State Workingmen's Federation, and W. J. Wagauer, of the National As-sociation of Butchers. One point em-phasized by the opposition was that the bill "was class legislation, and would give the Hebrew butchers undue advan-tage in permitting them to keep open their places of business and sell meat on Sunday." Of course this was a very sorry point to attempt to make in behalf  of the Sunday-closing law, for certainly it is class legislation if there can be such a thing. At the close of the hearing the committee adjourned without taking any action on the bill. A dispatch from Montreal states that on January 21 Archbishop Bruchesi (Catholic) gave notice to the effect that "there must not be any more municipal or electoral meetings on Sunday in this city." He declared that there was an ec-clesiastical law in the province of Mon-treal permitting such political meetings only in rural districts, and that "it must be enforced." We do not know whether this ecclesiastical law has the same stand-ing in the municipal law of that portion of Canada as has the ecclesiastical law of Sunday observance, but we imagine that it will not be difficult to secure its en-forcement by the civil authorities under the provisions of the Sunday statute it-self. The action of the Archbishop was caused by the fact that in a recent mu-nicipal campaign political meetings were held on Sunday. He declared that in times past this law against Sunday po-litical meetings "was carefully observed by all political chiefs," and that "it is ab-solutely forbidden to hold any meetings of electors in the city on Sunday." The Archbishop evidently intends to second with some vigor the efforts of his Prot-estant brethren who have recently en-tered upon a campaign for Sunday en-forcement in Montreal. It is reported that a large proportion of the saloon-keepers of Richmond, Va., have formed an organization for the pur-pose of cooperating with the Sunday Ob-servance League in the enforcement of the Sunday laws, and of even taking the lead in the matter of effecting "the clos-ing of saloons and other concerns on the 