796 . THE SENTINEL OF ance is vigorously enforced is a Chris-tian city, no matter how notorious and pre-eminent may be its corruption. When the cities of this country be-come "Christian" after their ideal they may be and can be at the lowest depths of infamy to which they can descend ; and part of their infamy will be the very persecution and oppression which marks the course of "Sabbath reform," and to which bosses and corruptionists will always be ready to give approval and support in return for a "clean bill" for themselves and the city in which they thrive from the professed moral andŁ religious leaders who know no evil but that of "Sunday desecration." Its Leaders Moved to Write in Defense of the Crusade It seems that the "Sabbath reform" leaders were stung somewhat by the Public Ledger's very proper and just expressions regarding their work, and on the day that they waited on the mayor they also had a communication to that paper prepared, which was pub- lished the next day over the signature of Rev. L. Y. Graham. We quote from it : The committee appointed to confer with the mayor of our city concerning the suppressing of violations of our Sunday law desire to express our un-qualified disapproval of the statements made in an editorial published in your paper, entitled "A Scandalous Perse-cution." We do not believe our Sun-day laws are antiquated, for they have received the approval of all the courts, supreme and county, the legislature, and of the law-abiding citizens of Penn-sylvania for over a century. It is to be regretted that since November last 2,000 persons have been subjected to fines and costs for violation of the Sun-day laws in our city, which heretofore has been justly proud of the reputation of, its citizens as law-makers and not law-breakers. Even if it be true that some of those convicted are poor women and -old men, it is not a justifiable ex- CHRISTIAN LIBERTY cuse for their lawless actions. The statutory authority has been invoked not "from motives of business," but because of the violations of the laws of our Commonwealth. The prosecu-tion of the lawless preserves and pro-tects our government and its citizens from anarchy. The founders of our State were liberty-loving, God-fearing, and law-abiding citizens, and their de-scendants are not less so. The news-papers as a rule have always been con-servative of law and order, but they degrade their profession when they publish editorials that teach disrespect for the Sunday law. This is just like the Sunday-enforce-ment clergyman, especially the state-ment with regard to the conviction of "poor women and old men." But one sentiment influences the average Sun-day-enforcement clergyman when en-gaged in his special work, and that is the sentiment which influenced the Pharisees when they cried, " We have a law, and by our law he ought to die." The enforcement of the (Sunday) "law," no matter what injustice may be wrought, is the only thing that they will listen to. In the same issue (Novem-ber 10) in which the above communi-cation was printed the Public Ledger published another editorial, headed "The Committee of Fifty," from which we quote : The committee whose purpose is to hail to court and fine the humble pro-prietors of fruit stands, cigar stands and candy counters does not falter in its work. Yesterday it conferred with the mayor over the deplorable state of a city in which, though the nefarious merry-go-round and the death-dealing soda fountain no longer carry on their dreadful ravages at Woodside Park on Sunday, it is still true that an apple, a stick of candy, or even a cigar, can be bought on that day, openly in the heart of town, of shamless purveyors. Yesterday, also, this committee sol-emnly composed an open letter to-  the Public Ledger, condemning the attitude 