678 THE SENTINEL OF LIBERTY. THE EVIL OF MISUSING WHAT IS GOOD. There are no worse evils in the world than those which Arise from the perverted use of that which is good. Ł The tendency to pervert the use of what is good seems to be inherent in human nature. Men are pi-one to forget that the excellence which anything may possess in itself may be no justification at all for the use they have in mind to make of it. Religion is the best thing in the world, in itself, but this is no reason why religion should be joined with the state. When used to serve the ends of politics, religion becomes a curse to mankind in-stead of a blessing. History is full of illustrations of this truth. Lucifer was an exalted angel in heaven; he was perfect in his place, but he got out of his place and all his perfection counted for nothing. ' He put himself to a use never intended by his Creator, and from a perfect being of the most exalted type he became the worst of all beingsŠthe devil. The law of God is a perfect law; must it not therefore be Ow proper basis of civil government? Must not that government be the best which con-forms to the perfect law of the Almighty? Clearly this must be so, and, therefore, men have reasoned, the law of God and his revealed will, the Bible, ought to be made the fundamental law of the land. Men are so reasoning to-day and they are actually leading the nation to this conclusion. But was the law of God ever designed to be enforced upon men by civil governments? The law of God performs an indispensable office in the government of God, but when men try to make this law the basis of human governments they pervert it to a use from which only untold evil can result. The law of God can be administered only by its Author. Civil governments are administered by men, and in such governments the law of God would be wholly out of place. This is not to say that civil governments must be contrary to the law of God, but only that finite man is incapable of doing justice when he tries to use other than finite means. Man's law is finite and suited to the uses of govern-ments administered by man. God's law is infinite and suited only to a government which God admin-isters. When the finite and erring hand of man at-tempts the task of administering the government of which the divine law is the basis, the result can only  be the direst failure, and out of that failure arises the rankest forms of injustice. The evil which fol-lows from the perversion of an institution is in direct proportion to the importance of that institution to human welfare in the place its Author has assigned to it. The church, religion, and the law of God have their proper place in the divine economy, but that place is the government of God and not the govern-ments of men. Men must receive the benefits of religion through their connection with the divine government and not through their connection with human governments. Human governments are not designed to make men better in character, and when they attempt to do this they only pervert the instru-mentalities of the divine government and work havoc in the spheres both of civil government and of religion. Let civil governments then keep in their ap-pointed place and leave Łthe moral welfare of the world to the care of those spiritual agencies which pertain to the government of God. And let it be remembered that the more essential to human wel-fare an institution is in its proper place, the more dreadful are the consequences of perverting it from its appointed purpose. s. A TRULY CHRISTIAN UTTERANCE. Present Truth, London, England. WHAT was indeed a most remarkable address was delivered recently at Hamburg to the General Prot-estant Missionary Association by Professor Adolf Harnack, of Berlin. Deprecating the idea of crusades in China, and protesting against the invoking of secular assistance by missionaries, he said: " Protection should neither be asked by mission-aries nor given to them in certain lands. It must be recognized that missionaries give up their rights as subjects of their own countries. The missionary ought not to go to regions where he feels he can not remain during times of persecution. If the course of political events makes the prosecution of mission-ary work impossible the missionaries must withdraw, even if they lose all they had gained. State churches, as such, should never engage in missionary enterprise. This should be a private undertaking. Missions should leave no doubt in the mind of the Chinese that they are a purely spiritual power. They should never be recognized as identified with worldly power. They should make it clear that they do not repre-sent the interests of Europeans or Americans, but the interests of the natives." 