EDITORIAL  515 tion to do justice to the Catholics in the Philippines is conspicuously evident in the visit of the Civil Governor of the islands to Rome, and decency requires that what gives satisfaction there should not be abused here." "But," it adds, "we observe that most of the Catholic papers are more Democratic than they are Cath-olic." We wonder how The Independent knows that the institution of the public school system and the discontinuance of religious instruction at public expense in the Philippines gives satisfaction at Rome? The Independent need not allow itself to be worried with the idea that the Catholic press will be allowed to main-tain an attitude in this matter widely dif-ferent from that held at Rome or by the "silent and knowing prelates" in this country to whom it advises Catholic edi-tors to write for a "cue" in this matter. It may be that the Catholic papers in this country are more Democratic than they are Catholic, but we doubt it. It is cer-tain, however, that there is nothing very inconsistent with Catholicism in the atti-tude which some of them are exhibiting with regard to the institution of the pub-lic school system and the stopping of the teaching of Catholicism at public expense in the Philippines. Whatever the faults of Democracy may be, we trust that The Independent, in its indulgence towards the Papacy, will not attempt to shoulder upon it evils which spring from an en-tirely different source. Instead of pre-tending that the Papacy has entirely changed and can no longer do anything but that which is to be lauded, let the fact be recognized that the spirit of supreme selfishness, which has dominated her through all her history, is still her con-trolling spirit. And a very good oppor-tunity to recognize this fact is afforded in this Philippine matter, not only by the attitude of Catholic papers in this coun-try, but by the attitude of "silent and  knowing prelates" and of the "Sover-eign Pontiff" himself. We have elsewhere pointed out how policy and political expediency might cause an abandonment of the purpose of the Government to adhere to the principle' of separation of church and state in the Philippines. But there is another side to the matter, and it may be that, after all, the course proposed, even though it arouses the bitter antagonism of Roman Catholics, is safer politics than the other would be. In discussing this matter the Springfield Republican says that so long as the United States "runs things in the Philippine archipelago the principle of separation of church and state must be respected in order to prevent the con-vulsion of American politics by religious issues and ecclesiastical quarrels." It explains its meaning thus : A little reflection will show why the present administration must follow the course out-lined in Gov. Taft's instructions. It is true that, under the theory that the United States Constitution does not go to the Philippines ex proprio vigore, our Government could, if it chose, give to the church privileges there which are not possible here. If trial by jury can be kept out of the Philippines by our Government, then our Government can by equal right grant control of the public schools in the islands to any church that may win its favor. Under the imperialist's interpretation of the Constitution there is no truth in the contention that there must be, because of fun-damental law, a complete separation of church and state in the Philippines. Yet, as a mat-ter of policy, it is necessary to take this posi-tion for the simple reason that the Protestant churches of tne United States would rise in wrath against any President who should fol-low an opposite course to the advantage of Roman Catholicism. The principle laid down for Gov. Taft's guidance, aside from its in-herent correctness on theoretical grounds, represents an actual political necessity in American affairs, and, therefore, in Philippine affairs. This does not change the fact at all 