214 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY The Church confirms civil authority by teaching that it is a divine right : "Al-together by divine providence are the kingdoms of men founded," says St. Augustine; (Prorsus divina providentia constituuntur regna humans. Augustin. De Civitate Dei, vol. r) not that individ-ual kings are immediately instituted by God, but that the power by which they rule is of God. Kings are the represen-tatives of God, the executors of His will, but only when they are members of the Church can they have a right conception of their dignity, and of their duties. The Christian Emperors were conscious of the divine source of their power. Unre-proved by the Church they applied to themselves the designation "our divin-ity;" (L. Decere. 3. para. ut autem. 4. Cod. d. summa Trin.) they regarded their commands as "divine precepts," (L. Decere. 3, para. Quoniam. 3, i.) their or-dinances as "divine favours," (L. Sacri-legii, s. Cod. d. divers. rescr.) and de-nounced disobedience to themselves as "sacrilegious." But these ideas of their own dignity in the Christian Emperors, unlike those of their heathen predeces-sors on the throne, were not that they thought themselves gods, but only in or-der that the divine authority might be the more honored in them and in the ordinances which they issued on behalf of the Church. The imperial dignity was regarded from the same point of view, also in the Church. Pope Leo, the Great, in his letters to the emperors, without on that account considering them priests in any way, spoke of their "royal power and priestly zeal," (Leon. M. Epist. 115. ad Marcianum, c. I.) of their "royal and priestly mind," (Epist. 155 ad Anatol. c. 2.) of their "royal power and priestly knowledge," (Epist. 116 ad Pulcher. c. i). In this sense the council of Chalce-don hailed Marcian as "priest and em- peror." Constantine likewise, conscious of his position in regard to the Church, called himself "episcopus ab extra." In the same way, during the Middle Ages, the imperial dignity was looked upon as a priestly office; on solemn oc-casions the emperors, therefore, wore the deacon's robe, representing themselves thereby as the advocates of the Church. (Philipp's Kirchenrecht, vol. ii., chap. x.) Though they were less than priests, they were more than laymen. They were the anointed of the Lord, the ministers of God's eternal justice. In this conception of their character there was, it is true, an obvious danger in the opportunity and temptation to encroach upon the domain of spiritual government.3  However that may be, human nature is so constituted that to attain its proper end it stands in need of external assistance, and since the end of this life is happiness in the here-after world, so, as St. Thomas teaches, it is the business of the Civil Power so to order society as to be best adapted to the attainment of that end. (Thorn. Aquin. de princip. regirn. lib. i. c. 15). But in this ordering of society it stands to rea-son that the Civil Power, since the end to be worked for is beyond its jurisdiction, must labour in subordination to the Church. Just in this respect the Civil Power is the servant of God; following the directions of the Church "it helps," as St. Gregory says, "those who are in- The danger that they might encroach upon the rights of the people over whom, according to "the Church," they ruled by divine right as "the anointed of the Lord," does not seem to occasion any appre-hension or anxiety on the part of the exponents of this theory whereby civil offices are made priestly offices, and the basest of men, if they happen to be in some position of civil authority, are thereby "advo-cates of the Church" and may don "the deacon's robe." The only occasion of concern seems to be the danger that they may "encroach upon the domain of the spiritual government." Never mind how arro-gant and despotic the civil ruler may be, the only concern of "the Church" is that he is in subordina-tion to her authority. This whole theory with regard to the position and character of civil rulers has been one of the most fruitful sources of despotism that the world has known. 