THE PENNSYLVANIA HEARING 139 Sabbath to France." The inference was that a Napoleon is needed in this coun-try to-day, or will be in a short time if the Sunday laws are not maintained. The representative of the barbers' union tes-tified that 90 per cent. of the 2,100 bar-ber shops in Philadelphia were now closed on Sundays by virtue of the Sun-day-closing law, and that in consequence the condition of the barbers " finan-cially, morally and otherwise, is better than ever before." Therefore they were opposed to any modification in the Sun-day laws of the State. Judge Ashman said he fought the bill " from the com-mon-sense standpoint." He thought the fact that the law " had stood untouched for more than a century indicated that it met public need." He indulged in more ridicule than common sense, say-ing that " this bill has not a word in it to help a man wanting a shave, but it represents people crying, Give us can-dy ! ' " and attempting to dispose of the contention that the Sunday law was a religious measure by saying : " It [the Sunday law] was enacted not by a re-ligious body, but by the State legisla-tors, and who ever heard of a Pennsyl-vania legislature being particularly dis-tinguished for its piety ? " Some of his remarks were these : This law does not order a man to go to church on Sunday. It does not say that he can't play cards in his own house all the day, if he chooses. It meets a need, summed up in saying that a man working seven days a week cannot do as much good as he who rests one day. Were it merely a question of a man's conscience, I would say let him keep his shop open. But what of the thousands whom this would enslave? Not very much common sense in these remarks. Among those who spoke in support of the bill were : Dr. C. J. Hex-amer, oi Philadelphia, president of the German-American Alliance; Mr. Adolph Timm, secretary of the same organiza-tion ; Lawyer Richard B. Scandrett, of  Pittsburg ; Mr. Mayer M. Schwab, Jr., candy jobber, of Philadelphia; Lawyer Charles E. Bartlett, representing the Cigar Dealers' Association of the State; and Mr. Joseph M. Freedman, of Pitts-burg. " Against the argument that a sensible abolition of obsolete legal provi-sions would destroy our day of rest, Dr. Hexamer quoted among others New York Supreme Court Justice Gaynor and able Maryland jurists." Dr. Hex-amer concluded his remarks thus : Some of our leading thinkers and historians have lamented that hypocrisy is our great national fault. Why pander to this vice by keeping on our statute-book laws that we must violate, for who can truthfully say he has never violated or abetted the violation of these laws? Who, on Sunday, has never received ice or milk, hired a carriage or horse, ridden in a train or a street car, telephoned or tele-graphed, or read a newspaper on a Monday morning, which everybody but an unthinking idiot knows is in part prepared on Sunday? I plead in the cause of public morality, for it is an ethical question; I plead in the cause of justice; and I plead in the cause of the masses . . . Let not those who oppose this measure forget the liberal manner in which the Master interpreted the Sabbath. When complaint was made to Him that His disciples had plucked grain on the Sabbath, Jesus said to the Sabbatarians: " The Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath." Lawyer Scandrett asked if " the emi-nent jurist, Judge Ashman, would, " in a charge to a jury, do as he has done here, take the weakest part of a case and make a joke of it." He declared : " If the law of 1794 is to remain, let it be rigidly en-forced. If it is not to be enforced, then quit making hypocrites of the people." He said that ioo,000 of the best citizens of Pittsburg were made criminals by the law. Mr. Schwab, " addressing the Sab-bath Association men," made these per-tinent and pointed remarks : Why do you go merely for the poor little candy dealer in Philadelphia, and force him to give up $6? Go for your big newspaper men, if you dare. But you haven't the courage of your convictions 1 In Philadelphia your 