226 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY spect that was due to the day of rest, recreation, family reunion, and worship," and declaring it to be one of "the grap-pling irons of our civilization." In replying to Mr. Graham's remarks, Dr. Slicer said that he thought that the principal part of his argument was ap-plicable to the liquor traffic upon all days alike, and that with regard to the traffic itself he was thoroughly in accord with Mr. Graham. He thought that it would be an excellent thing if the traffic did not exist, and that he proposed to do every-thing that he could to bring about a sub-stitute for the saloon, which would take its place every day in the week. At the conclusion of the debate a vote was taken on the question. Some 1,200 of the audience voted for Sunday open-ing, and between tWo and three hundred for Sunday closing. The audience which assembles at the Cooper Union on Sun-day evenings is made up of persons of many nationalities, and of all sorts of persuasions, religiously and politically, and is said to be one of the most repre-sentative and impartial assemblages in the city. The chairman, Mr. Charles Sprague Smith, says that all discussions are carried on absolutely independent of religious and political bias. Hence, it is thought that this vote fairly represents metropolitan sentiment in this matter. However, it must be admitted that the Cooper Union audiences are composed chiefly of workingmen, and are marked by the.  presence of many persons who not only have very little patience with what is called "orthodoxy" in religion, but are also dissatisfied with what may be called orthodoxy in politics, for they are very  much in favor of the reorganization of society upon a far more democratic model than is the case at present. Of course such an audience would not be inclined toward rigid legal restrictions of the sort among which Sunday enforce-ment must be numbered. To one who looks at this question of Sunday enforcement from the standpoint of true civil and religious equality, this discussion greatly emphasized the fact that there is great need for the kind of work which THE SENTINEL iS attempt-ing to do. The vital principle involved in this matter needs to be presented to the people, and its application to the question clearly pointed out. There are many able men, and even some clergy-men, who, notwithstanding the seeming-ly inconsistent position in which it places them in the minds of a great many peo-ple, are willing to appear upon public platforms in opposition to Sunday enforcement so far as it affects the "per-sonal liberty" and "inalienable rights" of those who wish to buy and sell liquor, but who are not at all ready to advocate the true, logical and consistent principle of civil and religious freedom which con-demns all Sunday enforcement, and which stands as much for the personal liberty and inalienable rights of the man who abstains from intoxicants and labors on Sunday as it does for those of the man who drinks and "loafs" on that day. The cause of true freedom, in its relation to this Sunday question, has none too many advocates ; and among them are not found many of those who profess to be very "liberal," both theologically and politically. 