NOT IN THE INTERESTS OF THE MASSES 203 in strict accordance with the observance of the Sabbath laws. " The tendency of the departure will be to secularize the Sabbath"; it " is an invasion into the field belonging "tothe church and Sunday school"; its effect " will be to diminish attendance at the churches and Sunday schools"; it pro-motes what is " not in strict accordance with the observance of the Sabbath Jaws"; opposition to it is " in the con-servatton of morals and religion." In these expressions is revealed the secret of the activity of the Sunday champion always and everywhere. His care is not for those who toil and those whose lot needs improvement, but for what he calls " the Sabbath." And so in this matter of Sunday lectures and entertainments in the public school buildings, the question with him is not as to what is " the ten-dency of the departure " with regard to the " toiling masses," for whom he is al-ways professing great solicitude, but as to what is its tendency with regard to " the observance of the Sabbath laws." And when it appears that its tendency is to "secularize the Sabbath," then there must be none of it, never mind how much it may contribute to the physical and moral betterment of the masses. The question is not as to whether the de-parture is in the conservation of the interests of the masses, but as to whether it is " in the conservation of morals and religion." And if it is regarded as not being " in the conservation of morals and religion," then there must be none of it, never mind how much it may minister to the higher needs and to the improvement of the condition of the masses. Not a burden for the " toil-ing masses," but a burden for " the Sab-bath " as a sacred and not a secular in-stitution, and for what he deems " morals and religion," is the cause of the activity of the champion of Sunday observance  by law, wherever he may be found and whatever may be his professions. Of course it is not pretended by these New York clergymen that the Board of Education has given or is going to give any entertainments in the school buildings that are objectionable in themselves. Their opposition and objection is not to the lectures and entertainments them-selves, but to their being given on Sun-day Š on" the Sabbath." They are in-terested in the maintenance by public authority of a religious institution, and although they may and do profess very loudly (when it serves to help their cause) that their interest in the mainte-nance of Sunday observance by the public authorities is due almost entirely to their great desire for the welfare and betterment of the masses and the working people, they demonstrate very conclusive-ly when brought to the test that the wel-fare of the masses counts for nothing with them when it involves any departure from the strict observance and mainte-nance of their religious institution. They insist that in the conduct of public insti-tutions not the slightest departure shall be made from the observance of their religious institution, even for the public good. What right have they so to insist? What right have they, even if there was no special public benefit to enter into the consideration, to demand that public in-stitutions shall be conducted absolutely in harmony with a religious observance to which. they hold ? What right have they to insist that the business of the whole people shall be made to conform to a religious observance that is held to and believed in by only a part of the people? It remains to be seen whether the " friends of the Sabbath," who on oc-casion are such pronounced champions of the " toiling masses," will be able to have their way in this matter of Sunday enter-tainment and instruction for the masses 