822 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Sunday ?" he asked. Magistrate South broke in: "Now, see here! What is the use of all this discussion? I'm get-ting very tired of the whole subject. The man has said that he opened his place again on Sunday." "I would like, your honor," said Mr. Vail, "to have the fine remitted in this case." The fine was accordingly re-mitted, but the defendant paid the costs, because, as Magistrate South had dryly remarked at another hearing, if he did not pay them Mr. Vail would have to do it. Thus in some cases de-fendants are compelled to pay the ex-pense of unproved charges, lest the funds of the Sabbath Association suffer through the ineptness of its instru-ments. H. M. Shive, of 2358 Germantown Avenue, being accused of selling to-bacco on Sunday, wanted .to test the in-former's memory and veracity by ques-tioning him as to the person from whom he made the purchase. The witness confessed himself unable to give any clear indication as to the kind of per-son it was. " This informer is worse than the man who sells," declared the defendant. "He entices the shopkeeper, and then swears his money out of his pocket." Prosecutor Vail solemnly re-minded all present that "there is a law which says you shall not work on Sunday." "You work on Sunday, don't you, Mr. Vail?" asked a repre-sentative of the shopkeepers. "Oh, if you say so, I do, of course," retorted Mr. Vail, disdainfully. "And you are paid for it ?" "I receive no Sunday wages," answered the prosecutor, brid-ling up. " You receive wages by the month from the Sabbath Association, don't you? " The reply, which was in-distinct, was interrupted by the magis-trate 's announcement. He said that Mr. Shive was convicted, and must pay the fine and costs. A new informer, named Penn Roberts, little more than a boy, and who, under instruction from Mr. Vail, refused to give his personal ad-dress, appeared in many of the cases. He had bought a few cents' worth of candy on Sunday from J: J. Scheuerer, of 800 Spring Garden Street. Mr. Scheuerer is a pleasant-faced, bald- headed man of about 50. He gave the boy witness a glance of benevolent pity, and did not deny the statement. The fine and costs were imposed. One of the first cases was against "John Doe." A young employee of the Union News Company appeared. Last week Mr. Vail failed to obtain the con-viction of a "John Doe," who tends one of the newspaper stands in the Broad Street Station, Edward Murray, coun-sel for the Union News Company, rais-ing the point that the complaint did not furnish data for the identification of any one. Last Sunday Mr. Vail tried again, sending the new informer, Rob-erts, to get better evidence for the prosecution. Mr. Murray again de-fended the person summoned. Young Roberts was confronted with " John Doe," but could not identify him. There was an acrimonious exchange of remarks by Mr. Murray and Mr. Vail, the latter showing anger and essaying to silence the lawyer. "Are you an attorney ?" asked Mr. Murray. Mr. Vail owned that he was not. " It seems to me, then," retorted Mr. Murray, "that you are taking unwarranted lib-erties before a magistrate." "John Doe" was once more discharged. The list of cases disposed of is as follows : fined $4 and $2.50 costs each : A. Assa, Eighth and Oxford Streets; W. Barber, 502 North Broad Street; J. P. Brown, 43 South Fifteenth Street ; Cornelius D. Cassady, Eleventh and Walnut Streets ; F. M. Cullen, 805 Co-lumbia Avenue; Benjamin Lipschutz, 44 North Twelfth Street; Joseph Hirtzel, 3404 Germantown Avenue ; J. M. Sto-ver, Broad Street Station ; H. N. Shive, 2358 Germantown Avenue ; William B. Wells, 319 North Eighth Street; J. Weitzman, 1128 Spring Garden Street; S. Scharf, Eighth and Green Streets ; E. C. Sterner, 20 North Twelfth Street; Joseph Way, 1105 Market Street; M. Zifferblatt, 53 North Thirteenth Street; J. J. Scheuerer, 800 Spring Garden Street; S. Ekelscheim, 209 North Tenth Street. Fines remitted, but costs lev-ied : B. A. Gesung, 2844 Germantown Avenue ; Ellis E. Harner, 307 North Thirteenth Street; George W. Lake, 2639 Germantown Avenue ; George Schmidt, 2604 Germantown Avenue. 