CLERGYMEN DISCUSS " worldly labor, business, or works of the ordinary calling, upon the Lord's day, or any part thereof (works of neces-sity and charity only excepted)," and "that no person or persons whatsoever shall publicly cry, show forth, or expose for sale, any wares, goods, or chattels whatsoever, upon the Lord's day, or any part thereof." Sunday, as a re-ligious institution, depends for its au-thority entirely upon the enactments of popes, kings, and church councils, and therefore, being brought into its pres-ent position of honor by "the canons and decrees of councils, the decretals of popes, and orders of particular prel-ates," says Dr. Peter Heylyn in his "History of the Sabbath," "it doth not stand so firmly and on such sure grounds but that those powers which raised it may take it lower if they please ; yea, take it quite away as unto the time, and settle it on any other day as to them seems best." Being only a human ordinance, and having no Scriptural authority what-ever, the obligation to keep Sunday as a day of rest, the manner of its observ-ance, and the time at which its ob-servance should be commenced, depend upon the civil laws that are put in operation, and the caprice of the in-dividuals who are appointed to ad-minister the laws. When persons are charged with a violation of Sunday laws the offense is frequently. magni-fied or minimized, just as the adminis-trator of the law believes the conveni-ence of the community has been served or interfered with. The principle in-volved receives little consideration. For instance, it will readily be conceded that if it is a sin to trade on Sunday,and Sunday is defined to commence at mid-night, then it is as much a transgres-sion to trade ten minutes past midnight as at ten minutes past noon. The case referred to above was dismissed because the offense was committed during the night-time, but had the constable caught the boy selling papers in the daytime, it is a question if the lad would have been dealt with so leniently. Wherein lies the difference ? Evidently it will be found in public expediency. Mel-bourne church-goers would receive a shock to their morals if boys were al- SABBATH" OBSERVANCE 829 lowed to sell papers in the streets in the daytime on Sunday, but so long as the crime ( ?) is committed when the church-goers are in bed, out of sight and hearing, public convenience and opinion is not interfered with, and therefore it is held that the transgres-sion is too trivial to be noticed. The great daily newspapers open their offices on Sunday evening long before the midnight hour, for the acceptance of advertisements for Monday's papers, and for the transaction of other busi-ness ; but we never hear of prosecutions being instituted against these news-paper proprietors for infringing Sun-day laws. Wherein lies the differ-ence between selling newspapers on Sunday and printing newspapers on that day? The principle involved is the same, but it is wholly a matter of expediency. Another feature of this paltry pros-ecution which might incidentally be referred to, is that Sunday (counting from midnight) had not arrived at ten minutes past twelve, because, since the introduction of "zone time," Melbourne time is twenty minutes in advance of true time. Therefore, according to the evidence, the alleged offense actually took place ten minutes before midnight, true time. This incident is but another illustration of the confusion into which man-made religious ordinances are liable to be thrown. Following God's plan of reckoning the day, from sun-set to sunset, the Sabbath is not affected by changes in time brought about by men, for God's great timekeeper, the sun, marks the beginning and ending of each day with unerring regularity. Clergymen Discuss T h e semi-monthly ﬁSabbath" Obser- vance and ﬁDese- meeting of the Lin- cration" cola, Neb., minister- ial association at the city library in that city on December 7 was taken up with a discussion of the question of Sunday or "Sabbath" observance, or rather of "Sabbath desecration," for it was with a paper on this topic that had been pre-pared by the pastor of the First Pres-byterian Church that the discussion be- 