EDITORIAL  103 States, the legal title and possession of the latter remained unaffected. "We do not understand that it is claimed that in carrying on the pending hostilities the Government is seeking to subjugate the people of a foreign coun-try, but on the contrary, that it is pre-serving order and suppressing insurrec-tion in territory of the United States. It follows that the possession of the United States is adequate possession un-der legal title, and this cannot be as-serted for one purpose and denied for another." The second case involved the consti-tutionality of the collection of duties on goods shipped from this country to Por-to Rico. As in the cases decided last spring, it was held that so far as tariffs and other duties are concerned Congress can legislate as it sees fit for these is-land territories, without reference to the provisions of the Constitution. The du-ty in this case having been collected under such an act of Congress it was declared to have been lawfully collected. In both cases there were dissenting opinions concurred in by four of the nine justices of the Court. The real significance of these deci-sions, as of those rendered last spring, is contained in this remark of the New York Times: "The judicial branch of the Government has in all the insular cases sustained the policy of the execu-tive branch." Therefore what the policy of the executive branch of the Govern-ment has meant in this matter, these de-cisions of the Supreme Court mean. It will be remembered that about two years ago Sbarretti, of the papal dele-gation at Washington, was made bishop of Havana, especially on account of his "thorough understanding of the United  States Constitution" ! And now this bishop of Havana has been appointed by the Pope apostolic delegate to the Philippine Islands. If there is any one who cannot see that back of that there is also a "thorough understanding" of something that is not the United States Constitution, then it must be difficult for such a person to see how that two and two make four. The "Conservative" Position The Christian Advocate quotes ap-provingly from Senator Hoar's recent article on Sunday legislation, and re-marks that the stand taken by him in this matter is "the position of conserva-tive citizens with regard to Sunday laws." We are reminded by this of the position of the "conservative" citizens of Massachusetts in the days of Roger Williams. They no doubt thought that John Cotton and other of the religious leaders were a little extreme and mingled a little too much religion in the matter. But as for themselves, without regard to the especial religious phase of the matter, they were convinced that, as the majority of the people (that "large pro-portion of the people," of which Senator Hoar speaks) did not believe as Wil-liams did and were "disturbed" (as the Sunday-keeper is "disturbed" by Sunday labor) by the fact that Williams believed and worshiped differently from them-selves, that the presence of Williams was the occasion of civil discord and dis-turbance, and was detrimental to the interests of the commonwealth. Hence they, the "conservative" citizens, while they did not especially object to his be-lieving as he did, and would not by any means interfere with his freedom of con-science, could not afford to allow the peace of the commonwealth to be en- 