THE DECLARATIONÑAS IT IS NOW REGARDED  547 the government under which he lives.ÑLyman Abbott, D.D., 1901 I am not impressed with the argument that all government is by the consent of the governed. That is a proposition that, however nicely it looks theoretically, we have never adopted in practise in this country. . . . The rvie does not ap-ply to republican representative govern-ment.ÑFrom speech in Congress by Representative Dalzell, of Pennsylvania. The contention in this discussion that all government rests upon the consent of the governed cannot be maintained. . . . There can be no doubt that the Declaration of Independence included the white citizens of the Colonies. . . . It referred only to those people who were to govern as well as to be governed.ÑSenator Wm. M. Stewart, of Nevada, in the U. S. Senate, June 2,1902. It has been erroneously taken for granted in certain quarters that the Dec-laration of Independence affirms, or at least implies, that the right of self-gov-ernment is one of the inalienable rights with which all men are endowed by their Creator. . . . The Declaration of Independence does not affirm, nor even remotely imply, that self-government is an inalienable right.ÑThe Outlook, May 27, 1899. The Declaration of Independence was the greatest campaign document that was ever written, but when the colonial rep-resentatives argued the question that all men are created equal, what they meant was that they were just as good as Eng-lishmen. They had no thought of the ne-gro slaves who were toiling on American plantations, or of the Indians, whom they despised and detested. The application was direct to themselves, and the sweep-ing generalizations were gratifying be-cause they imparted the necessary fervor  to the document.ÑChicago Times-Her-ald, 190o. It is a favorite notion now to quote the words, "Governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed," as if these embodied a law of application to all inhabitants alike. . . . It was never the intention [of the signers of the Declaration] to assert that the negroes or the savage race must give consent be-fore just government should be estab-lished over them. . . . The Declara-tion of Independence was a formal notice that the inhabitants of the Colonies con-sented no longer to British rule. . . . That is precisely the meaning of the lan-guage.ÑNew York Tribune, January 9, 1899. As to that hallowed document which declares that all governments derive their just powers from the consent of the gov-erned, if that is to be literally construed there never was a greater falsehood palmed off by the devil upon a credulous world. . . . There never was a greater absurdity than the declaration that the people everywhere, regardless of character, regardless of advancement, of intelligence, and civilization, are nt sub-jects for popular government. . . . There are conditions of society, there are nationalities for the government of which the iron hand is better than the hydra-headed monster.ÑP. S. Henson, D.D., at a mass-meeting in Chicago, May 7, 1899. The Declaration of Independence was made to suit a particular existing condi-tion of things. . . . The proposition [that governments derive their just pow-ers from the consent of the governed] was general, but the application was to a particular situation. Obviously, Thomas Jefferson, the frame. of the Declaration, did not intend to apply it to all people, 