324 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY after he had been requested to do so, after a prayer meeting, and that while he was acting upon his own responsibility, he knew that the ministers' association had taken the matter in hand and were to continue to agitate it." It is quite certain that this letter had its inspiration in the agitation conducted by the clergymen and was designed to accomplish the object which they had in view. At any rate the phraseology employed in describing the act or acts which the sheriff was virtually ordered under threat of removal from office to 'prevent, namely, that " the Sab-bath day, or Sunday, has been openly and flagrantly desecrated," leaves no doubt as to the religious motive and inspiration of this demand for the enforcement of the Sunday law. We stated in the former account that the sheriff consulted the governor of the State as to his duty in the matter. For this purpose he made a trip to the capital of the State, and there had " a conference with the governor in reference to the mat-ter." They " went over the ground care-fully," and came to the conclusion that "the laws would have to be enforced as they appeared on the statute books," " though both of them admitted' that the law as to Sunday observance was an old one and as rigid as any rule or law ever applied by the Puritans during the Co-lonial days." A few days later the sheriff issued his Sunday enforcement " mani-festo," the substance of which was given in our former article. The day before this document was issued (April 16) the sheriff, who, it is said, " ridicules the law, but thinks that the best way to have it repealed is to enforce it to the letter," was reported as saying : Ł I mean every word I say. If it bankrupts this county these Sunday laws are to be en-forced. There is the law on the statute books, and you may depend upon it that it will be enforced. You will observe that the law states that no one can follow any occupa- tion in the way of labor which is not an abso-lute necessity. Now there is one word which I may be called upon to construe. That word " necessity " may mean a great many things, but I am inclined to take the rigid view of the matter. I do not know whether I will have street-cars stopped or not. Hacks will certainly be included, and all the livery stables will have to be closed. Machine shops will be prohibited from working on Sunday; all fruit stands will be closed; there will be no dodging behind the saloons for back en-trances to whisky counters on Sunday; boot-blacks will have to keep off the streets; barber shops will be closed ; and all such elasses of business which has been general will be stopped on Sundays. I will have a force of detectives on that day, and will have all cases where the law is being violated re-ported by telephone if necessary. Arrests will be made promptly whenever a violation is re-ported. It was expected that this enforcement would raise the question as to the validity of the city's Sunday ordinance, which permits the proprietors of barber shops., fruit stands, soda water fountains, etc., to do business on Sunday, since the per-mission thus given " is in conflict with the State law." And it was predicted that if the sheriff persisted in the course an-nounced the legislature would be called upon " to provide a more liberal [ Sunday] law for Jacksonville." But as no re-ports of arrests have yet appeared it must be that in the meantime " those who have been conducting business on Sunday will gracefully accept the Ł situation," as one of the Jacksonville papers stated would be the case. The matter has occasioned considerable discussion and thinking with regard to Sunday legislation and enforcement, and of course that is the most valuable and important phase of these Sunday agita-tions. Sunday legislation needs to be ex-amined and discussed. An intelligent public opinion is needed with regard to such legislation, for when public opinion is intelligent and honest with regard to this legislation it will be relegated to 