800 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY at Rome wrote to the six who had re-main at Avignon, to acquaint them with the election of the archbishop of Bari," as follows : Our late Father Gregory of holy memory, having left us to our unspeakable concern on the 27th of March, we entered into the conclave on the 7th of April to deliberate about the election of a new pontiff. The next day being enlightened by the rays of the Sun that never sets, about the hour when the Holy Ghost de-scended upon the apostles, we all freely and unanimously elected for high ,pontiff our rev-erend father, and lord in Christ, Bartholomew, archbishop of Bari, a man endowed, in an eminent degree, with every virtue becoming so high a station. The news of his election was received with loud acclamation by an innu-merable multitude of people. On the. 9th he was placed in the apostolic throne, taking on that occasion the name of Urban VI. On the day of the resurrection of our Lord he was solemnly crowned, according to custom, in the basilic of St. Peter. We have thought it necessary to transmit to you this account, con-taining the truth, and nothing but the truth, of what has passed within these few days in the Roman Church. You may safely rely upon what we write; and it is incumbent upon you to contradict, as absolutely false, all reports to the contrary.ŠBower. URBAN VI. REPUDIATED Of Urban it was written by a papal historian that he was "a prelate who would have been regarded as most worthy of the papacy, if he had never been pope." And a writer of the times who was favorable to him as pope, said : "In Urban VI. was verified the proverb : None is so insolent as a low man sud-denly raised to power." He preached a sermon from the text, "I am the good Shepherd," in which he rebuked the car-dinals for their indulgence of wealth and luxury, and their grand banquets ; and threatened to cut them down to only one dish each at the table. For these reasons it wis but a few days before the cardinals began to repent that they had elected him pope, and to seek for a way by which  they might repudiate him. The wild and dangerous attack of the people gave them ground to claim that his election was forced, and, therefore, was not valid. He himself, while in the conclave, in the presence of the tumult of the populace, had said to the other cardinals : "You see what methods are used. He who shall be thus elected will not be pope. For my own part I would not obey him, nor ought he to be obeyed by any good Catholic." The French cardinals were, of course, opposed to a pope who would not sit in Avignon ; and the other cardinals were galling under the new pope's rule. The cardinals fixed their residence at Anagni. The pope went to Tivoli, and summoned the cardinals to that city. They replied that they had been put to large expense in establishing their residence at Anagni, and they had not the means to do the same thing a second time, in addition to the expense of removing to Tivoli. There were at Anagni twelve cardinals. Four cardinals were with the pope at Tivoli. August 9, 1378, the twelve cardinals "publicly declared in encyclic letters ad-dressed to the faithful in all Christen-dom," as follows : We have already informed you of the fury of the Roman people and their leaders, as well as of the violence done to us by forcing us to choose an Italian pope whom the Holy Spirit has not chosen. A multitude, carried away by fanaticism, wrested from us the temporary appointment of an apostate, a murderer, a heretic soiled with every crime; he himself had recognized that his election was to be only provisional. In contempt of his oath, he, how-ever, compelled us by threats of death to ele-vate him to the chair of the apostle, and to cover his proud forehead with the triple crown. Now that we are beyond the reach of his anger, we declare him to be an intruder, usurp-er, and antichrist; we pronounce an anathema against him, and those who shall submit to his authority.ŠDe Cornienin. And now that the Papacy had attained 