EDITORIAL 21 does not appear that they are aiming at anything worse than has actually been carried out by other great religious bodies. Several years ago the great re-ligious bodies of the country flooded the Senate and House with " petitions " de-manding the passage of that plain and unmistakable church-and-state measure requiring the Chicago World's Fair to remain closed on Sundays. The religious forces behind that measure gave it to be understood that if the measure was de-feated those responsible for its defeat would be " knifed at the polls," and it was declared upon the floor of the Senate itself that none of those who voted against the measure " would ever come back here again." The measure went through, and then it was boasted by the religious lead-ers that " we hold the United States Sen-ate in our hands." And that was not the only time that the churches have in recent years exerted such influence. In fact, there is main-tained in Washington to-day, and has been for years, a " Christian lobby," a sort of " third house of Congress " as is boasted by those immediately in charge of it, that is there, according to its own spokesmen, " to speak to Government in behalf of all denominations," as " a com-mittee on resolutions to carry out the re-form resolutions of the churches "Šthat is, it is there for the express purpose of exerting the will of the churches in Ł national legislation, for the purpose of making the will of the churches as churches felt in Congress, for the pur-pose of bringing church influence and pressure to bear upon the men whom the people have sent there to execute their will in the making of laws. We do not hear of ministerial alliances making any stir over and protesting against the activities of Mr. Wilbur F. Crafts and his " Reform Bureau " at the national capital, but it is difficult to dis-cover anything less reprehensible in that  than there can be in the sending of a Mormon " apostle " to the Senate. If it is proper for the other churches of the country to exert their will at the nation's capital through a " Christian lobby," a sort of " third house," why is it not proper for the Mormon Church to send a representative to Congress ? Even ad-mitting that the Salt Lake Ministerial Alliance is correct in what it so positively asserts, is it any worse for the Mormon Church and its adherents to send a repre-sentative to the Senate for the purpose of exerting the will of that church in that body than it was for, the Presbyterian, Methodist, Roman Catholic and other great religious bodies, by threats of po-litical assassination of all who opposed their church-and-state demand, so to dominate the Senate that they could boast that " we hold the United States Senate in our hands "? In our opinion the course of the Mormon Church, even if it be exactly what it is declared to be, is the far more decent and honorable course. There is most certainly a dangerous en-deavor on foot to force not Only upon the citizens of Utah, but upon the citizens of the whole country, a union of church and state, but that danger does not lie in the direction in which the Salt Lake Minis-terial Association scents it. When this country is saddled with the evil incubus of church-and-state union the saddle will not be occupied by the Mormon Church. It is very unlikely that that church will be allowed even to " ride behind " or to hang to the stirrups. eŁ Photographers of Woodward Avenue, Detroit, Mich., have entered into an agreement which binds them under pen-alty of a forfeiture for any violation not to give sittings in their studios on Sun-day. As a result " it is now believed that the open gallery on Sunday is a thing of the past." A bill was introduced in the Michigan legislature two years ago 