7Th 5 EfoeQ  VIOSTUARf 1123.32M7 Vol.. XVIII NEW YORK, THURSDAY, JULY 16, 1903 No. 29     The Preeminence of If there existed any the Papacy Ex- doubt anywhere that hibited the Papacy holds a position of great and recognized im-portance in the world to-day it should have been removed by what has followed the announcement on July 5 that Pope Leo was dying. Day after day the matter of the Pope's illness and the papal succes-sion took precedence of everything else in the newspapers. It was the one great matter of news, to which page after'page was devoted and in connection with which illustrations were profusely employed. Every incident relating to the matter was described in detail, and every word ut-tered by the dying Pope was blazoned forth. In addition to this the Vatican was flooded with telegrams of inquiry and condolence from rulers and promi-nent personages " in all parts of the world." More than five hundred of these telegrams were received on July 6 alone, and the Minister of Posts and Telegraphs in Rome found it necessary " to recall clerks who were on vacations " and to " establish a special service for the transmission, delivering and despatching of messages to and from the Vatican." Several European rulers, especially prom-inent among them in the matter being the German Emperor, made frequent in-quiries, and at their request were kept in-formed by telegraph of the Pope's condi-tion. It is safe to say that the illness and approaching death of no other personage in the world would have received greater or even equal attention. Of course,  much is made of the " marvelous indi-viduality " of the Pope, of his loftiness, sanctity, purity, intellectual power, vast industry, wonderful astuteness and acumen," etc. But while it may be true that his personality has " captivated the imagination of the civilized world " and undoubtedly goes far towards accounting for his world-wide preeminence, the fact is that the great interest of the world in the Pope is due to the fact that he is the virtual ruler of upwards of two hundred millions of adherents, that he is the sov-ereign of a mighty empire that extends throughout the world. It is not because he is a good and great man, which is no doubt true, but because he is a man oc-cupying a place of vast power and in-fluence in the world, is by virtue of his position a world-ruler, that Leo XIII. in his last sickness holds the attention of the world. A Protestant minister in New York tells us that he is " the most power-ful of all the modern Popes." As on the occasion of his jubilee a short time ago there is recounted to us the " wonderful accomplishments " of his " patience, tact and masterly diplomacy " in winning " the good will of hostile nations and re-habilitating the Papacy." We are told that from a position of comparative im-potence he has " raised the Papacy to the position of one of the great powers and secured for it an influence throughout Europe that it has not enjoyed for three centuries." This is the thing with regard to Leo XIII. that is of most importance to those who are concerned with the wel- 