SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 319 "some of the people who still believe in the old New England Sunday" are pre-paring to enter upon a crusade against this state of affairs. "A man said yes-terday that it was the same ofd story of giving a man an inch and he would take an ell. If the sale of medicine and Sun-day newspapers is permitted it will grad-ually be abused until things are wide open again. The only way to do is to stop it all and make storekeepers realize that they must obey the laws in letter and spirit also." On February 24 over one hundred ministers from all parts of the State ap-peared before a committee of the New Jersey legislature, at Trenton, in opposi-tion to a bill which provided that in in-corporated cities violations of the Sunday liquor laws shall be disposed of before the local police magistrates instead of being subject to grand jury indictment as at present. The bill was generally re-garded as a measure for the special ben-efit of Atlantic City, which desires to be free from the restrictions upon Sunday liquor selling. A number of the minis-ters made vigorous speeches in opposi-tion to the bill, declaring that they did nett want the saloons "to have more priv-ileges than they now have." This con-tention is of course perfectly proper, but along with it came the inevitable Sunday-enforcement plea. Dr. J. W. Marshall, pastor of the Broadway Methodist Church, of Camden, who made the prin-cipal speech of the occasion, according to the newspaper report, declared that the legislators "should build up rather than tear down the barriers around the ob-servance of Sunday." The Christian En- Ł deavor Societies and the Baptist Young People's Union of the State were repre-sented before the committee in opposition to the bill, as was also the Law and Or- _  der League of New Jersey, the secretary of which, Rev. S. H. Hann, was reported as saying that "the Sabbath day shall be respected and shall not be turned over to the liquor hordes." A union meeting "for the better ob-servance of the Sabbath day" was held in the Frst Methodist church in Fall' River, Mass., on the evening of March 2, under the auspices of the Fall River Ministerial Association. The meeting was quite well attended by clergymen, and Rev. M. D. Kneeland, of the New England Sabbath (Sunday) Protective League, made the principal address of the occasion. From the report given by the Fall River News we take the following: He talked at some length on the necessity of the proper observance of the Sabbath, both from a moral and a hygienic standpoint, and stated that the greatest nations in the world were those which observed the Sabbath day as a day of rest. * * * He said that the man who took from another this one day in seven was an enemy to humanity, an enemy to civ-ilization, and an enemy to God. * * * He told of the work of the league before the legis-lature, and complimented Senator Morrison and his committee for their adverse report on the bill to permit Sunday gunning and fishing. They had also defeated the bill to allow Sun-day golf and baseball. There are now only two places in New England where baseball is allowed to be played, one near at hand, at. Crescent Park. This should be stopped. Last year they had made it so hot for the proprietor that he had sold out to a syndicate. Now the Providence papers state that an industrial ex-position will be held there this year and will be opened Sundays. This should be stopped. At the conclusion of the address the local ministers proposed the following resolution, which was adopted ' Resolved, That we hereby express our dis-approval of the practise of holding secular en-tertainments on the Lord's day, and respect-fully request the proper authorities to take the necessary steps to enforce the law. 