Anti-Democratic Tendencies in Ameri- can Life WHEN I speak of anti-democratic tendencies in American life, I mean aristocratic or oligarchical, not monarch-ical. Any attempt to go back to monarchy would be absurd. The proposition to establish a dynasty, a kingdom of the United States, sounds so ridiculous that if it were made in public it would be met with storms of derision. Nevertheless, aristocratic, oligarchical tendencies al-ready exist in our midst and are getting stronger and stronger. I do not speak as an alarmist or a pessimist, but I do want to speak frankly to-day, to tear aside the mask, that we may see things straight, as they are, and not deceive our-selves with names. Already, under the forms of democra-cy, actual oligarchy has developed in this country. Sometimes in a republic for centuries the outward forms of liberty are kept up, and the people fooled because these outward forms are intact; they are led to believe that nothing is changed, while the heart is already eaten out of the old freedom. Things have not yet come to such a pass, but I wish to speak of these tendencies, and, to make a few state-ments which I believe will shed light upon the cause, the deeper cause. Many of our reformers are disposed to cure the ills of the state by tinkering at the machineryÑa change in the ballot law, that will help ; a new form of primary law, that will help ; or some other little external change. Nothing of the kind will help ; the evil is in the spirit of the people. There must come a spiritual *From a lecture delivered in Carnegie Hall, New York, on January i8 last by Dr. Felix Adler, Founder and Leader of the Society for Ethical Culture in New York, and Professor of Social and Political Ethics at Columbia Uni-versity. We are indebted to the Society for Ethical Culture for the privilege of publishing portions of the lecture, which has not as yet been published in any form.ÑEDITOR. change, an inner change, or we shall not be helped. Now, this is the point upon which I wish to lay the stress of my remarks. . . . [The speaker here at some length set forth what he conceived to be the funda-mental cause of " the oligarchical tenden-cies now asserting themselves." It was contended that the tendencies brought to view were " due to a false conception of democracy, and that the cure must be the substitution of the true for the false con-ception." The wrong conception, which was the prevailing one, was that " which assumes that already all men are equal," and that each is to seek his own welfare and happiness, by which is " generally understood material happiness or enrich-ment "Ñthat " democracy is a form of government in which all men are equal, and the object of it is to make everybody rich as far as possible." A condition of equality among the citizens of the United States " did approximately exist in the days of Jefferson " and for a time there-after, but " it does not exist to-day." " Nothing is more patent than the ine-qualities among the population, among our peopleÑinequality in race, in nation-ality, in intellectual development, and above all, inequality in possessions, in for-tune. . . . On the one side is a vast accumulation of fortune in certain places ; on the other hand the gathering of a black sediment of pauperism in the slums of the cities, with all the menace which it implies. In a condition of things in which inequality is the most startling fact, the old statement, that the end of government is the prosperity of the individual, be-comes a source of the most grievous moral aberration." The true conception of democracy, it was declared, is " based on the recognition of the fact that men are not equal, and the duty and function of 