310 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY men will invite them into some place for re-freshments over which they spend hours in silly twaddle over nothings, ignoring the fact that they have forfeited their claims to re-spectability. In this way women, sometimes of very mature years, become irretrievably en-tangled with young men who sooner or later become disenchanted and throw them aside, while the young men are so demoralized them-selves by the association of such women that they are ruined, and must pay the penalty of wrong-doing by the loss of confidence in their integrity and devotion to their business or pro-fession, the insatiable revenge of their victims demanding in some cases life itself, as exem-plified a short time ago within the shadow of the dome of the National Capitol, and more recently in the case of Š, who, if reports are true, was the victim of the wiles of a way-ward girl. And to this may be added these words spoken by Dr. Hillis at Plymouth Church, Brooklyn, on the evening of March 2 : There never was an age when cities held more temptations and the necessity for safe-guards was greater. There never was an era when there were so many forces gilding sin. We have come to a time when all the places where vice reigns and men appeal to the lower passions are made beautiful. It is a popular saying among the thousands of young men who come to this city from the country, "When in Rome do as the Romans do." But that sentence should be interpreted to mean, "When in hell do as the devils do." It is an age when beautiful paintings and stained glass windows adorn saloons and hotels; when men are hired to write alluring plays; when tunes are made catchy to convey suggestive words; a time when gardens such as those on the road to Coney Island abound, where young men and girls stop, first for a chop or a roll, and then for worse. In other words it is an age in many respects the counterpart of that of the later Roman civilization. And yet we are told that the blossoming of human nature and the perfection of human so-ciety is at hand. We do not wish to ' doubt it. We agree that great things cannot be accomplished by individuals and the race without optimism and hope.  We know that no great social adv4nce or moral uplift of society can be accom-plished unless it is deeply believed to be possible. But at the same time we cannot attach much weight to that faith and op-timiim which strengthens itself with re-gard to the future by ignoring and de-nying some of the most salient conditions of the present. They who are blind to the present cannot be the prophets of the fu-ture. They who refuse to recognize hu-man nature and human society as they are to-day are not competent to say what they will be to-morrow. A popular journal which teaches the doctrine of the ascent and constant prog-ress of the human race, and which holds that crime is a lingering relic of the bloodthirsty instincts of the primitive . ancestors of man, among whom it in-cludes not only savages but a certain species of animals, declares that the four crimes to which we have referred "are certainly without precedent in the crimi-nal field which they cover," and adds this significant comment : To the curious and the morbid these crimes of love, money, revenge and moral distortion mean exciting reading for many days to come. The crimes have a sadder meaning for others. Since the chain is no stronger than its weakest link, our civilization, in which such crimes oc-cur, has need of much reforging and tempering before the race of men shall have earned the right of the title, "humanity." Human beings are not totally depraved nor are they on the verge of perfection; they have not ascended from animals nor are they blossoming into angels. They are simply intelligences whose misfortune, or better, whose fortune it is, to be upon the theatre of the great battle between good and evil, and to be them-selves the agents and objects of the con-flict. Some are given up almost entire-ly to evil; others ,are devoted almost en-tirely to that which is good ; the greater 