The Supremacy of the Papacy By Alonzo T. Jones XII Tke Far-Reaching Scheme Now on Foot FOR more than a hundred and sixty years (1250-1414) the Papacy held the undisputed dominion of the world. It is true that for ages before that date, as well as in the times since, she has claimed and asserted absolute supremacy ; but in much of that time her claim was disputed by powerful and noble kings and emperors. But in the more than a hundred and sixty years here referred to her supremacy was undisputed ; there was none who called her to account. Thus she had the most perfect opportu-nity to show exactly what was in her. And it was in this very period of perfect freedom and absolute supremacy that she showed herself the very worst in all her perpetually bad career. And to all the world that fact is in-struction for all time. When she had absolute supremacy, and had perfect free-dom and abundant time to do entirely what she would, and then she did the very worst that she has ever done,Šthat is conclusive proof that there is in her no possible element of good. With the full-est and best of all possible opportunities absolutely hers, she demonstrated that she was simply that which the latest his-tory of her has declared her to have been Š" an unmitigated curse, politically, so-cially, and morally." With such oppor-tunity she had in complete and horrible measure demonstrated to all the world that the essence of her character and the ultimate of her rule is only anarchy. She had everything perfectly in her own power to do entirely as she should choose. And this she did to the full ; but with the result that she brought herself  so near to annihilation that the kingdoms of the worldŠthe secular powersŠwere compelled to rally to the rescue and save her from her own ruin, to save her from herself. It is the philosophy of the church that she is in the world to reform the world and to save the world from ruin. The Papacy claims to be the only true church ; and yet when she had abso-lutely her own way, the world must rally to reform that church " in its head and members," and to save that church from ruin wrought entirely by herself froth within. When that which claims to be the only way of reform and salvation for the world must itself be reformed and saved from itself by the world, that simply demonstrates that it is the very ultimate of evil, the essence of disorder, the incarnation of wickedness, the mys-tery of iniquity. And of such a system the two latest of the popes have given ample evidence that they and the Papacy of to-day are essen-tially a part. For with the horrible record of the whole Papacy before him and per-fectly familiar to him, Pope Pius IX. crowned it all with the attribute of divin-ity when, in his proclamation of July i8, 187o, he decreed the infallibility of the Papacy as an article of faith and "a dogma divinely revealed." Also fitting to this he published a book of his own speeches, in the preface of which, in the official and approved edition, he himself is declared to be " the living Christ," " the voice of God," " He is nature, that protests ; he is God, that condemns." And fully up to the measure of these declarations, Pope Leo XIII. published, 