68  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY the number is so fast increasing, that it is certain that so long as men are in the world there will be in the world gov-ernment which is not of the individual. Therefore when any man starts out to destroy government, he simply starts out to destroy the human race. This is evident also from the method employed to destroy government ; that is, the murder of rulers. Government is so essential to mankind that it veritably inheres in mankind. Accordingly wherever men are found some sort of government is found. Also wherever government is found provision is always made, in the order of government, what-ever that may be, for an orderly suc-cession in the rulership. It is recog-nized that in this world men, even rulers, do die ; therefore, in the very nature and order of government itself among men, there is always provision made for suc-cession of rulers without any break in the order of the government, in case of death. Therefore whenever any one un-dertakes to destroy government by mur-dering rulers, again it is true that he simply undertakes to destroy the human race. It is a principle of human society, as well as of Anglo-Saxon law, that "who-ever has an associate has a master." And wherever there is mastership there is government. Therefore the direct logic of any scheme to destroy government among men is that every person must be destroyed but the one who invents and carries into effect the scheme. Nor does the logic, nor would the scheme carried into effect, stop even with the de-struction of every person but the author and finisher of the scheme. For even when thus he found himself alone in the earth, he would actually find himself un-der the necessity of governing himself.  But he is inveterately opposed to gov-ernment; and since in loyalty to his "gur-re-ate pur-rin-ciple" he has de-stroyed all the race but himself, shall he now annihilate his "pur-rin-ciple," and condemn himself in all that he has done? That will never do ; he must not ac-knowledge that he is wrong; he must not condemn himself. That would be to recognize government, and to admit that government is right ; while his "gur-re-ate pur-rin-ciple" is that government is wrong and must be destroyed. There-fore he must destroy himself ; and this he will inevitably do, if he does not gov-ern himself. Therefore upon every count of the in-dictment the direct and inescapable logic of the anarchistic scheme, of destruction of government, is the destruction of the human race. It is simply nihilismÑab-solute nothingness. And however much it may be advocated and proclaimed in the name of liberty, it is nothing less than the annihilation of human liberty, in the annihilation of human existence. And this brings us again to our first proposition : That whatever promises or proclaims liberty, which at the same time indulges or expresses any fleshly trait, that contemplates any kind of harm to any human being, is not liberty at all. Liberty is only that which contemplates only good to every creature. He attains most nearly to true liberty who contem-plates and works, not the most good to the most people, but most good to all people. And since this is found and can be attained only in the truest conception of Christianity, it follows that the only true liberty is Christian liberty. And so, to Christians, of true libertyÑChristian libertyÑit is written : "Breth-ren, ye have been called unto liberty ; only use not liberty for an occasion to 