124  THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY A united effort is being made by Barberton, Ohio, ministers to compel Sunday closing of all places of business except-  restaurants, hotels and livery stables. It is stated, however, that the ministers are aiming principally at the saloons. The town council of Bardner, Ohio, has passed an ordinance making it un-lawful to open any place of business on Sundays, except drug stores and hotels. "The former will be permitted to fill pre-scriptions only, and the latter can serve meals to guests." The business men of Janesville, Minn., "have signed an agreement to close their places of business absolutely on Sun-day." This is the only proper way for securing Sunday closing of business places. There should be no coercion employed, any more than in the matter of early closing in the evenings. The first prosecution in Rochester, N. Y., under the State law prohibiting the sale or delivery of meat on Sundays, which went into effect on the 1st of last September, resulted in the dismissal of the case. The defendant proved to the satisfaction of the Court that the meat was sold by a clerk without his knowl-edge. The seventh annual convention of the Ontario "Lord's Day" Alliance was re-cently held in Toronto. In the official reports it was stated that the number of branches of the alliance had increased by one-third during the year, and that "distinct advance had also been made in the matter of legislation." Branches of the alliance had been organized during the year in Manitoba, British Columbia,. and the Northwest Territories. The Retail Clerks' Union in Houston, Texas, is taking steps "to make the Sunday-closing law more effective." "The merchants and others who have been guilty of keeping open on Sunday will first be politely requested to mend the error of their ways, and if they refuse to do so they will be vigorously prose-cuted." The village board of Potomac, Ill., has passed an ordinance "prohibiting the transaction of business of any kind in . the village on Sundays." The ordinance also provides that "there shall be no loafing on the streets of the village on Sunday." It seems that in Potomac it will be illegal either to work or to be idle on Sunday. Workmen employed by a telephone company in putting down conduits in the principal streets of Springfield, Ohio, on a recent Sunday, were ordered by the chief of police to stop operations. "Min-isters of the city learned that work was in progress and notified the mayor, who in turn ordered the chief of police to put a stop to the work." Retail grocery and butchers' clerks in Indianapolis expect to have the assist-ance of John Blue, the organizer of the Central Labor Union, in their efforts to enforce Sunday closing by the grocers and butchers. The secretary of the Re-tail Grocers' Association declares that a large per cent. of the members of his association favor Sunday closing. The Joliet (Ill.) Republican reports that Mayor Barr of that city recently sent home a gang of men whom he found busily engaged in laying a sewer on Sun-day. The mayor explained his action by saying: "I didn't think it looked just 