-- SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  533 in the practise of the merchants, "a large number of those who had been in the habit of opening all or a part of the day doing so as usual out of curiosity to see whether the matter would be carried further by prosecutions." The last re-port was that the clerks' union had held a meeting "behind closed doors," and that they had "a definite line of action that they will carry out." It is stated that this Sunday-closing movement "has nothing to do with the saloon question," as "the saloons have been closed for years." The attempt of the Flint and Lansing, Mich., ball teams to play one of the State league games near the latter city on May 11 resulted in the arrest and incarcera-tion for a short time of the eighteen players and the two managers of the clubs. A few day's previous a committee of the Law and Order League, which seems to be controlled by the ministers of the city, served notice on the sheriff of the county that he would be held per-sonally responsible if the game was al-lowed to come off, and for his informa-tion cited him to the 'case of Scougale vs. Sweet, 124 Mich., 311, in which it was held "that games of baseball upon Sun-clay are prohibited by Sec. 5,912 of the Compiled Laws of the State of Michi-gan of 1897, and are breaches of the peace under Sec. 11,334,"  and that it is the duty of the sheriff to prevent such games, and if he knowingly fails to do so, he is guilty of a misdemeanor and lia-ble to a fine of $300. The attention of the sheriff was also called to the schedule of ball games for the whole season, and he was told that he would be expected to prevent every game announced to be played on Sunday. According to the report, the grounds -where the above ar-rests were made are "outside the city, nearly half a mile from any house or  public highway," and the crowd in at-tendance was very orderly. The man-agers of the two clubs and one of the_.  players were acquitted by a jury in a jus-tice's court on May 27. They were de-fended by Judge Q. A. Smith, who had three physicians sworn, each of them tes-tifying that "relaxation is necessary to the conservation of health," and that "as a means to that end there is nothing bet-ter than baseball for those who enjoy it." But the strong points of the defense are said to have been a Scripture quotation and a supreme court ruling. The one was the passage in the fourteenth chap-ter of Romans, reading : "One man es-teemeth one day above another ; another man esteemeth every day alike. Let every man be fully persuaded in his own mind." The other was from the opinion of Judge Moore in the case of the People vs. Warren, and was to the effect that "whatever the law may be, a jury is not obliged to render any verdict contrary to the dictates of conscience." Judge Smith contended that in these strenuous times mental and physical relaxation was ab-solutely necessary ; that, therefore, such games as baseball, properly conducted, were a necessity, and that the Sunday law forbidding them had been rendered obsolete by custom and public opinion. On June 11 another of the arrested players was tried and acquitted by a jury. A notification of the Law and Order League that the trial was to be called brought to the court "Revs. Hub-bard, Pound, Frye, and Dodds of the local churches." The mayor of Crookston, Minn., has notified the proprietors of saloons in that place that they must keep their places absolutely closed on Sundays hereafter under penalty of a heavy fine for the first offense and a forfeiture of license for the second. 