THE BIBLE IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS 603 I do not know why I should be taxed to support the Cathedral ; I do not know why the Catholics should be taxed to support the Brick Church. Let the people who believe, believe enough and care for their religious belief enough to pay for it, or else go without it. That seems to me the fundamental principle of justice and right in the whole matter. Religion Not the Concern of the State I believe in religion with all my soul. I am ready to say that I believe it is the very highest and deepest concern of man. The relation in which we stand to God, to each other, what our destiny shall be over yonderŠthese are the greatest ques- tions that we can ask or answer. But the state, as state, has no business to touch them with the tip of its finger: let the state keep to its own affairs. Let the church and the home, let the fathers and the mothersŠif they are honest and if they believe anythingŠfind ways of look-ing after these, the highest concerns of life. Let us as citizens look after the affairs of government as it concerns this world. Let us as churches, as fathers, as mothers, look after the higher and deeper things of the religious life. And let us remember that equal justice is the basis of all good government, and that God is the equal Father of all. The Bible in the Public Schools Its Use Violates Constitutional Prohibition of Sectarian Instruction WITHIN the last year or so deci-sions on the question of the Bible in the public schools have been ren-dered by officials or supreme courts of at least five StatesŠNebraska, Minne-sota, Montana, Washington and Cali-fornia. It is encouraging to those who stand for the righteous principle of sepa-ration of church and state to note that in every instance this principle was upheld, although the decision rendered by the supreme court of Nebraska last October was afterwards modified somewhat. We give herewith one of these decisions, which makes it clear why Bible reading in the public schools is improper and violative of the principles of religious liberty and of the constitutional provi-sions upholding the same. Like other of the opinions, it is of interest and impor-tance not only as an authoritative legal ruling on the question, but also as a dis-cussion and consideration of the question from the standpoint of American law and the principles of justice and right. Last March, in response to protests  against Bible reading in the public schools, Superintendent of Public Instruction Kirk, of California, requested of the attorney-general of the State an opinion as to " whether or not the reading of the Bible as a text-book in the public schools of the State is in violation of the provi-sions of Section 1672 of the Political Code." Under date of March 20 Attorney-General Webb rendered this opinion : No Universal Bible At the outset I am constrained to take cogni-zance of the fact that there are a great many versions of the Bible in use. Honest dif-ferences prevail as to what books should be in-cluded within the meaning of the words " Holy Bible." Witness the Jew, who regards the Old Testament as alone inspired; the Catholic, who adds the Apocrypha; and the Protestant, who repudiates the Apocrypha. There is the King James version of the Bible, which the Protes-tants accept; the Douay version, which the Catholics accept as, alone, correct and com-plete; besides there are the sacred books of other religions, which may be called " bibles." It is impossible to find any version of the Bible which does not represent and promulgate the teachings of some religious sect or society, 