SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 845 warrants charged the players with being "disorderly persons, and disturbing the quiet and peace of the Sabbath." They were at once arraigned before a justice and pleaded not guilty. The hearing of the cases was set for October 9. The Evangelical Ministers' Associa-tion of Atlanta, Ga., recently had under consideration "the Sunday newspaper question." It was proposed to request the editors of the city papers "to furnish space to the various pastors to make their announcements in the Saturday issues and to desist the practise of reprinting them on Sunday," and that "an anti-Sunday Newspaper Readers' League" be organized. The ministers who expressed themselves were "unanimous that the Sunday paper is an evil and should be suppressed," but it was decided to take no definite step until more time had been given to the consideration of the subject. The Berkshire (Mass.) Courier of Oc-tober 3o contained the following item. Though we may be mistaken, we think the boy was arrested and fined not be-cause he killed the squirrel, but because he killed it on Sunday: A youngster with one good eye and one glass one, whom we will call Smith for con-venience, took his little gun last Sunday morn-ing and went away over in the wilderness to the left of the road as it climbs Three-Mile Hill, fired the plaything off a time or two and killed a teenty red squirrel. He shouldn't have done it. A squad of four State game law inspectors, Deputy Game Warden Nichols, of North Adams, at the head, were skirmishing in the vicinity and took the lad in charge. The next morning he paid a $5 fine. Ł;. At La Crosse, Wis., on October 21, it was decided by Judge Fruit of the cir-cuit court that shaving in a public shop on Sunday is not a necessity, and is there-fore prohibited by the State law which  forbids on Sunday all "manner of labor, business, or work, except only works of necessity and charity." The case was that of a barber, named Rice, who had been prosecuted for shaving a man on Sunday in his shop at Tomah. The at-torney for the defense argued without avail that it is sometimes "necessary for a man to be shaved on Sunday in order to make him presentable to go to church." The union barbers are much pleased with this decision. On a recent Sunday, near Greenwich, Conn., two church deacons, accompanied by deputy sheriffs, attempted to stop a game of baseball that was being played by some boys in a field on the country es-tate of a Mr. William Rockefeller. When the deputy sheriffs found that the boys had the permission of the owner of the premises to play there on Sunday they concluded that they could not interfere, much to the disgust of the deacons. Com-menting on the matter the Worcester (Mass.) Post calls attention to the fact that golf is freely played in that part of the country on Sundays, and declares : "It would be manifestly unfair to put a stop to baseball where games are con-ducted quietly, and still to permit the playing of golf." The McGregor (Iowa) Times re-ported recently that in that place there was "strong talk of prohibiting the Sun-day night shows, they being so strongly denounced from the pulpit," but observed for itself that, while it was not in favor of the Sunday evening entertainments, under the circumstances it could discover very little wisdom in stopping them, since there were four saloons open on Sundays from the middle of the afternoon until late at night, and no church ser-vice of any description by any denomina- 