zanship. They got into the way of "altering the constitution to suit themselves," and, whenever necessary, "were ominously ready for violent measures." With the people generally there was AN EVER "GROWING INDIFFERENCE TO THE TRADITIONAL POLITICS OF THE REPUBLIC' AND "THE ESTAB-LISHED PRINCIPLES OF THE CONSTITUTION." Aware of the partizan-ship and corruption of the political leaders, all classes "became indifferent to the questions which agitated the forum and the curia, and CONTEMPTUOUSLY READY TO ALTER OR DISREGARD THE CONSTITUTION ITSELF WHEN IT STOOD IN THE WAY OF INTERESTS NEARER TO THEIR HEARTS." While the senate and the class it represented eagerly grasped every opportunity to increase their power and to strengthen and fortify them in their position, the popular party reelected its leaders to oilice and granted its favorites long military commands in violation of the constitution, so that it was often the case that "the populares weakened the Republic even more than they irritated the senate." But it was a general of the aristocracy, Sulla, who by bringing into the city the legions of the Republic to quell a riotous political quarrel, "first taught politi-cal partizans to look for final success, not to a majority of votes in the forum or campus, but to the swords of the soldiery." At first such interferences came only for the purpose ofŁsuppressing riots, but they soon taught the significant fact "that the final decision of matters political lay with neither of the two great parties in Rome, but with the holder of the military authority." "The recognition of this fact was fatal to the dignity of politics," and it was not long before the opposing parties practically suspended the constitution and government while they "fought out their quarrels with the sword, under the leadership of generals at the head of legions ready and willing to follow them against their fellow-citizens and against the established authorities of the state." At the same time "class hatreds and per-sonal feuds distracted the community," "life and property were rendered insecure by the brigandage which developed unchecked," and there came some very serious insurrectionary outbreaks. Then came the sanguinary dictatorship of Sulla, which restored order for a time. "The Sullan system stood for nine years, and was then overthrownŠas itŁ had been establishedŠby a successful soldier." But the "strong, controlling hand" had not yet come, although it was very near. It is needless to say anything more, except that in a very short time "THE REPUBLIC WAS POWERLESS IN THE HANDS OF THREE CITIZENS" ŠPompey, the great and popular general; Cavar, who had "won the affections of the populace in Rome," and had come to stand in "the front rank on the popular side;" and Crassus, the Morgan of the Republic, "whose collossal wealth and wide financial connections were of inestimable value" to those with whom he was as-sociated. These "three self-constituted rulers of Rome" "divided between them the control of the empire." This coalition was of short duration, but since "THE REPUBLIC COULD NOT STAND ALONE," "anarchy inevitably following the withdrawal of a strong, controlling hand," and since "CENTRALIZATION OF THE EXECUTIVE AUTHORITY WAS INDISPENSABLE," the dictatorship of Crsar followed immediately, "with suspension for the time of all constitutional government," with "senate, assembly, and magistrates all alike subordinated to the paramount authority of the dictator." And though "the old constitution was not formally abrogated," and "Ccesar himself, like his successors, professed to hold his authority by the will of the people," THE EMPIRE WAS ESTABLISHED AND THE REPUBLIC WAS GONE FOREVER. For "the assembly which made Pompey and Ccesar found out too late that it could not unmake them." The peo-ple who would not govern themselves when they could, now found that they could not govern themselves if they would. 