8o8 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY pany of the Pope's soldiers sprawled com-fortably on a wooden bench in a corner, their glittering halberds leaning against the brilliant wall. . . . A burly, white-haired servitor in crim-son silk and knee-breeches met us at the outer door of the Pope's apartments, and to him I delivered the document which called me to the Vatican. Through one splendid chamber after another he led us, among historic tapestries and princely trappings of bygone pontiffs, until we reached the throne room. Here we sat until Leo XIII. was ready to receive us in the next room. The great golden throne under the royal canopy was the gift of the workingmen of Rome to the Pope. Above it shone a triple crown, surmount-ing the azure shield, silver bar, and cypress tree of the Pecci family. . . . After a while, a smiling chamberlain in purple silk, with a resplendent gold chain hung about his neck, came from the inner chamber. He chatted with Mon-signor Rooker and myself for a few mo-ments and then, opening the door, pre-ceded us into the presence of the august head of the Christian world. There, behind allŁ the pomp and cere-mony, sat a gentle old man, with a sweet face and the saddest eyes that ever looked out of a human headŠthe quiet shepherd of Christendom. He sat in a chair of crimson and gold, set close to a table. Behind him was a carved figure of the Virgin, and near it a smaller throne. He wore a skull cap of white watered silk, and a snowy cassock flowed grace- fully about his frail figure, a plain cross of gold hanging upon the sunken breast. It was a presence at once appealing and majestic. That moment I forgot my newspaper and the news-thirsty multi-tudes of New York. As we advanced to salute the Pope. he held out his thin, white hand, on which gleamed a great emerald. It was  the Fisherman's Ring, the sign of apos-tolic authority throughout the world. We knelt and kissed the outstretched hand, and Monsignor RookerŠbeing a CatholicŠreverently pressed his lips to the gold-embroidered cross on the Pope's crimson velvet slipper. His Holiness bade us be seated beside him. "You are very young," he re-marked. "I expected to see an older man. But your nation is also young." It is hard to describe the delicate courtesy and benignity of Leo XIII.'s manner. "I have a claim upon Americans for their respect," he said with kindling eyes, "because I love them and their country. I have a great tenderness for those who live in that landŠProtestants and all. Under the Constitution of the United States religion has perfect liberty and is a growing power for good. The Church thrives in the air of freedom. I love and bless Americans for their frank, unaf-fected character and for the respect which they have for Christian morals and the Christian religion. "The pressŠah, what a power it is getting to be !Šthe press and the Church should be together in the work of ele-vating mankind. And the American press should especially be amiable and benevolent toward me, because my only desire is to use my power for the good of the whole people, Protestants and Catholics alike. . . . "You are all my children," he con-tinued, patting my hand like a father. "Protestants, CatholicsŠall, allŠGod has placed me here to watch over and care for you. I have no other aim on earth than to labor for the good of the human race. I want the Protestants of America as well as the Catholics to understand me. The Vicar of Christ is respected in the United States, but it is not always so in Europe." There was an indescribable ring of 