SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  125 proper for this work to be prosecuted on Sunday. At least I was of the opin-ion that the city should set a better ex-ample." in the criminal court on December i 1, resulting in acquittals. Four of the re-maining seven cases were "settled" with-out trial. A wrestling match was in progress at Mankato, Minn., on the evening of De-cember 7, and was allowed to proceed without interruption until twelve o'clock, when the chief of police stepped forward and ordered it stopped, declaring that such things could not be allowed on Sunday. It is remarkable how the time at which an act takes place can affect and change its character. The milkman's bell is no longer heard on Sunday mornings in Charleroi, Pa., the sale and delivery of milk on the first day of the week having been deemed too serious an offense against the peace and order of the community. The sale of everything except medicines is prohibit-ed by order of "Burgess" Gormley. The order was issued in response to a pe-tition from twenty-three citizens. On a recent Sunday John Ritter, who lives near Decatur, Ind., saw a rabbit in his garden, and taking down his gun went out and shot it. John Coffee, a neighbor, "improved the opportunity to get even on an old grudge, and had Ritter arrested for violating the game laws by hunting on Sunday." The re-sult was that a fine amounting with costs to $39.20 was assessed against Rit-ter. About a year ago a Sunday enforce-ment campaign was raging in Baltimore, and a great many indictments were se-cured against venders and merchants for Sunday selling. The Baltimore Sun reports that five of twelve cases, which still remained on the docket, were tried A delegation of Schenectady, N. Y., merchants called on Mayor White of that city on December i6, and made complaint that "a number of Hebrew merchants who conduct small dry goods, shoe, grocery and other stores on Center Street were in the habit of keeping open and disposing of wares on Sundays in violation of the law." The mayor "im-mediately referred the complaint to the police, with instructions to compel a strict observance of the law." The Sioux City (Iowa) Journal says that the Sunday-closing law is very strictly observed in that city. "Grocery stores have not been open for years, and of late it has become customary for bakeries and similar provision stores to close their doors tightly also." This has made it necessary for the restaurants to lay in heavy supplies on Saturday, and some of them have become "emergency supply depots where small quantities of groceries are occasionally sold as a mat-ter of accommodation." At the last monthly meeting of the Woman's Republican Club of this city, held at Delmonico's, resolutions were passed protesting against the passage of any bill "permitting the opening of sa-loons in New York City on Sunday, thereby lowering the standard of the ob-servance of our American Sabbath which has come down to us as a heritage of our forefathers from colonial days." It was declared in the same connection that "we as women give our influence upon the side of morality, purity and the maintenance of the American Sunday." 