SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT  591  were due to the efforts of the retail clerks' union, the president of which. an-nounced that this case was but a forerun-ner of a number that are to follow. One of the eighteen persons arrested at Flint, Mich., on May 25, for playing ball on Sunday, was tried in a justice's court on June 17. Considerable interest was felt in the trial, as it was expected that it would determine the future of Sunday ball playing in that city. But the jury was unable to come to an agree-ment, and all the cases were continued. The attorneys on both sides made vigor-ous speeches, the one arguing against the propriety of force in connection with Sunday observance and c,alling attention to the evils that would result if the Sun-day law were rigidly enforced, and the other declaring that he would express no opinion as to the merits of Sunday ball or the Sunday law, but rest upon the one point that¥ "so long as the law remains upon the statute books it is the business of sheriffs, prosecuto.rs and juries to enforce it." On June i6 the ministerial association of Duluth, Minn., unanimously adopted and sent to the mayor of the city resolu-tions "warning the city administration that Sunday baseball must not be permit-ted in Duluth." And it was declared that unless "this attempt to fasten on our city this open lawlessness" was prevented by the authorities proceedings would be instituted against them in the courts. The Duluth Herald notes that this de-mand was inspired by the ministers of the larger churches of the city, the leader being Rev. H. G. Knowles, Methodist, and chaplain of the lower house of the Minnesota' legislature, and says that it "comes from a source that is not likely to be ignored." On June 29 about the  only Sunday game that has been attempt-ed in the city for two months was promptly suppressed by the police. A dispatch states that "Sunday ball has been an important issue for two months." A vigorous Sunday enforcement cru-sade, inaugurated by the local W. C. T. U., has been waged recently in Berwick, Pa. Most of the merchants of the place have been arrested and fined for Sunday selling, and so many of the agents of the dairymen's association have been ar-rested and fined that it has discontinued entirely the delivery of milk between Sat-urday evening and Monday morning. Two druggists were arrested three times for selling soda-water, and each time waived a hearing and appealed to a higher court. It is said that even the local agent for the Philadelphia Enquirer and other Sunday papers came very near being landed in the borough jail for handling his papers on Sundays as had long been his custom. The latest report that we have says that the infection has spread to the neighboring town of Cata-wissa, where "the authorities intend to inaugurate a similar Sunday-closing movement." It was reported from Detroit, Mich., under date of June i8, that the Method-ist ministers' association had decided to appeal to the governor of the State for the impeachment of Sheriff Dickson, of that county, who had refused to stop Sunday ball playing at grounds adjacent to Detroit. The sheriff declared that he would not recede from his determination, and said he had informed the ministers that there were other things going on without hindrance or complaint that, were "as much of a violation of Sabbath observance as an exhibition that draws working people out into the open air for 