THE CHURCH AND SUNDAY OPENING  77 ing" for that purpose. The open palm of friendship and invitation is tightening into the grip of despotic hate and fancied divine retribution. Tired of presenting the love of God, the church would appro-priate his prerogative of punishment. This is the attitude of a large number  of the professed Christian ministers of America. In blind zeal they are crowd-ing the nation nearer and nearer to the brink of a fearful precipice. Already we have seen some of the results of this misguided zeal; the future bids fair to reveal it in greater measure. The Church and Sunday Opening Editorial from the New York Tribune IT is the opinion of Zion's Herald, an influential Methodist paper pub-lished in Boston, that an over-whelming majority of religious people are opposed to the opening of saloons on Sunday. This is especially true, it declares, of the three largest religious bodies in the countryÑthe Baptist, Ro-man Catholic and Methodist Episcopal churchesÑwhile the clergymen who ad-vocate Sunday opening number less than one in a thousand of the clergymen of the country. Only one Baptist paper, The Watchman, of Boston, advocates lo-cal option, which, of course, carries with it the possibility of Sunday opening. The Methodist papers and ministers, without a single exception, are opposed to the proposition. The Roman Catho-lic press also opposes the idea, and Archbishop Corrigan the other day, in addressing the triennial diocesan synod of the archdiocese, assembled in St. Pat-rick's Cathedral, pronounced against a "Continental Sunday" and condemned any change in the Sunday laws. Argu-ing from these facts, therefore, Zion's Herald declares, "no movement that can-not carry the Baptist, the Roman Catho-lic and the Methodist Episcopal churches can succeed with the legisla-ture of any commonwealth in this land. And when these three great bodies unite, as they now do, against the proposition for the Sunday saloon, it is doomed in advance." Doubtless the opposition of these three great religious bodies ought to have and will have great weight when the question comes to be decided. But if religiods sentiment opposed to Sunday opening is to be taken into account, it seems only fair that religious sentiment favorable to the measure should also be considered, even though it represents a minority of the religious people of the country. What all must desire is a set-tlement of the Sunday saloon question in accordance with the principles of justice and morality, and the minority which favors Sunday opening may conceivably have as clear a conception of the moral questions involved as has the majority. There is no inherent divinity in a ma-jority, as Zion's Herald would doubtless be among the first to maintain if it found itself on the minority side of this ques-tion. Politicians may properly accept the decision of the majority on any such issue; but religious men are morally bound to ask if the majority rightly rep-resents the essential justice and morality involved in an issue that comes up for decision. Now, whether rightly or 