Ł EDITORIAL lot of Dutch colonial government." Of this pot of " fragrant ointment" it thus re-marks : Holland has long maintained one of the largest colonial empires in the world, and has' done so very successfully. She has, of . course, paid little heed to the theory of the " consent of the governed." In her view of the case, East IndiansŠlike Kaffirs in the TiansvallŠwere made to be governed, willy-nilly, and Dutchmen were made to govern them according to their own sweet will. That principle, curiously compounded of des-potism and benevolence, has on the whole worked well. Who would have supposed. a few y4rs ago that the time would come when a great American newspaper would manifest a real, genuine liking for and satisfaction over a sort of government that is " curiously compounded of despot-ism and benevolence," and in which, " of 'course," little heed is paid "to the theory of the ' consent of the governed' " ? But then others besides the Dutch have come to take the view 'that there are people who Š" like Kaffirs in the TransvaalŠwere made to be governed, willy-nilly," and that Americans " were made to govern them according to their own sweet will." And they have succeeded in substituting for the principles of republicanism prin-ciples " curiously compounded of despot-ism and benevolence," but the thing is not likely to work well with them.' 4 In a lecture at the University of Chi-cago, on January 29, Major-General E. S. Otis declared that while the " rebellion " was in progress in the Philippines promi-nent Filipinos had urged the American military authorities to put it down by " devastation and murder." " The advice given was that civilized warfare would not terminate the rebellion. It was urged that the insurgents would attribute hu-mane treatment to cowardice and would be encouraged. Devastation and murder were advocated." This is exactly the sort  of advice that seems to have been fol-lowed quite widely, but it is likely that very few of those who forsook " civilized warfare " and resorted to " devastation and murder " in order to " terminate the rebellion," and to show that " cowardice " was no part of their make-up, can justly urge the pitiable excuse that " prominent Filipinos " advised them to take this course. They did what they did without advice, at least without advice from the Filipinos. If the Filipinos are a people so utterly obtuse, so savage and degraded, as to look upon humane treatment as so much cowardice and as not to know that war is being waged upon them un-less it is made up of devastation and murder, how will they ever know that they are being governed unless they are governed cruelly and despotically? If civilized warfare was too good for them in time of war, will not civilized govern-ment be too good for them in time of peace? The fact that the Filipinos have hitherto been dealt with very largely upon the assumption that they are incapable of understanding understanding or appreciating humane treatment does not augur well for their lot in the future. The following is not taken from the editorial columns of the New York Trib-une, Sun, or Mail and Express, or other great daily or periodical in which almost the same language has appeared in the last two or three years. Neither is it the utterance of any of the prominent men in the country who have in the last few years expressed themselves in about the same fashion. It is the utterance of a certain public man with whom Abraham Lincoln had some memorable debates on the question of slavery, and was uttered at Springfield, Ill., in July, 1858: I believe that the Declaration of Independ-ence, in the words, " all men are created equal," was intended to allude only to the people of the United States, to men of Euro- 