EDITORIAL 635 ing religious orders, and the friends of civil and religious liberty in England driven to what promises to be unsuccess-ful battle against a bill which virtually turns over the educational system of the country to ecclesiastical control while con-tinuing its support by public taxation, it does not look as if the world was done with the old problem of the relation of church and state, or that there is no longer any danger to liberty from the en-croachments of those forces which stand for the union of church and stateŠfor the old system of things which the world has tried to repudiate and abolish. We have been prevented from doing so as yet, but will present articles soon dealing with the situation in England that is created by the "Education Bill," and that in France which is now issuing in riots and disturbances throughout the country. The Conclusion of the Vatican Negotiations It was our intention to publish in this issue an article presenting the interest-ing and important points and incidents connected with that portion of the Ameri-can negotiations at the Vatican not cov-ered in the article on the subject that ap-peared in the July SENTINEL, but circum-stances have prevented its preparation. The most interesting portion of the whole "transaction" came just after the time up to which it was described in the ar-ticle referred to, and we shall give some attention to the matter at another time. But a very good idea can be obtained of the way things went from much of the matter that appears in this issue, espe-cially from that given under the heading, "Some Noteworthy Expressions Regard-ing the Vatican Negotiations." The ed-itorial from the Springfield Republican is an excellent and very common-sense sum-ming up of the matter. Nothing more and  nothing less is true than that what has been done "must increase the size of Rome in American affairs," that "the precedent for official negotiations between the Vat-ican and the American Government has become sufficiently established," and that what has happened is something "that can scarcely be said to have ever hap-pened before." And the thing is there-fore, indeed, a development in the his-tory of the United States that "cannot be passed by without notice." Although it has been scouted and laughed at in this country the utterance of the Paris Temps is also an excellent and common sense one. These Europe-ans are intimately acquainted with the Papacy, and they know what they are talking about when dealing with a ques-tion as to the meaning and significance of certain relations and transactions be-tween the Papacy and a civil power. The quotation from the Christian Work substantially represents the attitude of the great Protestant denominations of the country and of what may be termed the Administration newspapers. Especially is this true with regard to the declaration that "the friars must go !" The fact is that the friars do not have to go at all unless they want to, or unless the Govern-ment is ready to violate the Treaty of Paris. And there is reason to believe that the Government has been aware of this all along, and that in this is the ex-planation for its willingness to go to the Vatican regarding the question. It looks as if it had been intended by a little ma-neuvering with and deference to the Pa-pacy to get her to agree to withdraw the friars herself before she learned that the Government could not expel them. But she was not to be caught napping in any such way. It is the fact that the journals that are the most positive in declaring that the friars must go, were those that were most positively in favor of the im- 