EDITORIAL NOTE AND COMMENT 759 agitation a weekly paper called the "The Catholic Forum" has been started at the neighboring place of Salem, and it gives of evidence of having been brought into existence to aid in making "Father" Masterson's demand effec-tive. However, the opposition to the scheme is quite pronounced, and it is said that "there are several people in Peabody all ready with applications for injunctions to be filed the moment the school committee takes favorable action on the proposition to have the town help support the parochial school." Bible Reading in It was reported from Nebraska Schools Lincoln, Neb., on No-Unconstitutional vember 21 that "a preemptory writ of mandamus has been issued from the supreme court, ' com-manding the discontinuance of the read-ing of the Bible in the schools of Dis-trict 21, Gage County." On the 9th of October a year ago, in a case brought up from this same district on complaint of Mr. Daniel S. Freeman, a Free-thinker, the supreme court of Nebraska pronounced exercises in the public schools "consisting of the reading of passages from the Bible, and in the sing-ing of songs and hymns and offering prayer," to be "forbidden by the con-stitution of the State." As the result of the efforts of religionists who sought to have the decision reversed, Chief .Justice Sullivan later rendered an ad-ditional or supplementary decision to the effect that the State constitution did not absolutely exclude the Bible from the schools or prohibit its being read in the schools, but that it could be there constitutionally only as any other book was there ; that it could be there as a religious book only in the sense that any other book throwing light upon the life and religions of ancient peoples could be there. This very proper ruling was of course not relished by the re- ligionists, who were led by "National Reform" leaders, and evidently it has not been adhered to by the school au-thorities of the district where the suit originated. From the dispatch concern-ing this late decision we quote : It was a test case. The court said there is nothing in the law, constitution, or history of the people upon which to ground the claim that it is the duty of the government to teach religion. It is immaterial whether the objections of a parent are unreasonable. The right to be unreasonable is guaranteed by the constitution. The trustees affected say that they will refuse to obey the man-date and will subject themselves to con-tempt of court and its penalties before discontinuing the reading of the Bible. "In order to get some light on the question whether such irrelig-ion and lawlessness as exist in America are produced by' the public schools," The Outlook recently asked presidents of nineteen American colleges, East and West, North and South, "for an author-itative answer to the question whether in the experience of the colleges any difference is noticeable in the moral character of young men who come from the public schools and that of those who come from the denominational, church, or other private schools." The nineteen replies were published in the issue of November 14 as a symposium on "The Public Schools and the Col-leges. ' ' It is notable that the answers are in the negative whenever in the college there is a chance to make the compari-son. For example, President Eliot of Harvard replied that "students who come from public schools cannot be dis-tinguished from students from other sources on any moral grounds" ; Presi-dent Hadley of Yale speaks to the same effect, and President Schurman of Cor-nell reports that of 456 students from the public schools, 65 per cent. are church members, while of 118 from pri- Light on One Point 