EDITORIAL 311 number are divided in themselves, and are first upon one side and then upon the other. But in each and all the conflict between good and evil continues. And no social or political change, however radical, no material or intellectual devel-opment, however great, will ever end this conflict ; and so long as it continues moral heroism and moral baseness, vir-tue and vice, justice and crime, sin and righteousness will be manifested in so-ciety to its glory or its shame, and in a greater and deeper sense, to the glory or the shame of the individuals directly con-cerned. Ł Before some two hundred people typ-ically representative of wealthy society Dr. William S. Rainsford, of St. George's Episcopal Church, this city, recently took occasion to vigorously emphasize what he called "the strange and unfair parti-ality that favors the rich" in the matter of Sunday enforcement. "I can go to Łthe University Club on Sunday," he said, "and meet my friends and get all the liquor I want, while others' clubs are shut up, and the poor man can't do this ŠI tell you that this is the sort of thing that cuts and rubs." "We are trying to do Christ's work with the sword, instead of the Cross," he exclaimed. He said the churches were gaining the dislike of the masses, and that it was their own fault. "Who was it opposed the opening of the museums on Sunday? Who opposed the opening of libraries on Sunday? Who tried to prevent the running of cars on Sunday to give people a whiff of fresh air? Who opposes the games of boys and girls on Sunday? The churches. A couple of boys get into a vacant lot on a Sunday afternoon, but the cops soon find them out, and the boys have to hide their ball and bat or run off. Whether right  or wrong, the boys think the churches are responsible. Is it reasonable to ex-pect that boys will grow up for a love of Sunday school when the churches say to them, 'You shall not do this and you shall not do that ; youeshall not do anything on Sunday but go to church' ?" He declared that "the man who damns the church is not necessarily a bad or a hardened man." With these words he paid his respects to the wealthy in this matter of Sunday ob-servance: I say most emphatically that the chief sin-ners against God's rest day are to be found in the growing class in our city which goes to dinners, musicals, the theatre and, opera six days in the week, and on Sunday must have extra elaborate dinners, more people to be entertained at its houses, more extrava-gance in music and any costly diversion its whims can invent. These people do these things aimlessly, selfishly, unpatriotically, and they are debauching and upsetting the whole country. In denunciation of them I have no fear of using adjectives too fierce. Dr. Rainsford is somewhat sensation-al, but there was an unmistakable element of fairness and justice in what he had to say on this occasion. Ł The Outlook is of the opinion that "the excesses of protectionism" now threaten the overthrow of the party which rose to triumph in this country forty years ago because of "the excesses of slavocracy." The opinion seems to be rapidly gaining ground that "protection," whatever it may have been once, is now merely a means of the enrichment of the few at the expense of the many. The spread of this idea is accelerated just at present by the spectacle of the giant steel trust pos-ing before Congress as a "helpless industry" in need of continued "protec-tion," and the selfish attitude of the sugar and tobacco interests with refer- 