798. THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY Frank B. Parkin, of the Grace Method-ist Episcopal Church, declared that the editorial from which we have just quoted did "particular injustice to some of the most prominent members of that committee of fifty," and, as was very evident, that "this committee was organized not to undertake a general crusade against all the sins of human-ity, but was directed solely against Sabbath desecration." "Dr. Mutchler is not a persecutor," he affirmed, but "is standing as the representative of the general sentiment of the Christian people of Philadelphia against the breaking down of the Christian Sab-bath." This brings to view the object, and the only object, of this crusadeŠit is in behalf of the "Christian Sab-bath" that the machinery of the law is being employed. In other words, it is plainly a crusade of religion by law, and nothing else. Evidently appreciat-ing somewhat the fact that something more than "the general sentiment of the, Christian people of Philadelphia" is,iiee4d,‚0 justify the use of the law and the ,courts in suck a crusade, Mr. Parkin asserted that "next to the pub-lie school system as the great assimila-tor of the foreign elements, the Ameri-can Sabbath,, as it has been observed from the days of William Penn to the present time, will do more to protect our city and State against the evils of immigration than anything else." Enforce a religious observance in de-fiance of American principles and in harmony with European principles in order to counteract the evils of Euro-pean immigration and to assimilate the foreign elements ! Another member of the committee of fifty declared that "the purpose of the committee of fifty is to do what it can to make Philadelphia a Christian city." Another avowal of the purely religious nature of the crusade. He said also : The Public Ledger cannot afford to say that it is not in sympathy with the general purpose of the Sunday law of 1794. The civil Sabbath is a recog-nized institution in America, the boon of her toilers and the safeguard of her Christian principles. The laws which conserve it in our Commonwealth were enacted for the two-fold purpose of their protection and the protection of Christian worship from unnecessary distraction. The crusade which has been assailed by the Public Ledger was undertaken in the interest of countless journeymen and small dealers who fell back upon this protection. Yes, the purpose of the enactment of the Sunday law was "the protection of Christian worship," or more accu-rately, its legal establishment and main-tenance, at least so far as Sunday ob-servance is a part of that worship. The other alleged purpose was one unknown to the enactors of the law, and it is in no sense the purpose of the religionists who uphold and enforce the law to-day. It is a pure invention hypocritically pleaded in defense of what is inde-fensible for what it really is. Another protestant, C. A. R. Janvier, also put forward this excuse about helping the toilers and the trademen, as if it were not perfectly plain that the one vital purpose of the whole crusade was to maintain and enforce a religious ob-servance: It is utterly unfair to represent the movement as an oppressive attack on resisting but helpless victims. Both in the cases of the barbers, and now in the cases of the cigar dealers, the Sab-bath Association has been acting in behalf of organizations representing the trades themselves. A very large pro-portion of the candy and cigar dealers would be only too glad to close if the closing could be made general. Since some are determined to keep open, the rest must do so or go out of business. There are scores whose sentiments are expressed by one who said recently: "We honestly want to close, and we 