SUNDAY ENFORCEMENT 91  received the deputation in a very kindly man-ner, expressed surprise at learning of some things reported by them, his attention not hav-ing been drawn to them before. He avowed his sympathy with the Lord's Day Alliance and the labor people in their efforts to pre-serve the integrity of the Sabbath, and his con-viction that members of the militia should not be compelled to violate their conscientious con-victions in yielding obedience to military orders in such matters as outings, parades, or in going to and from camps. He felt that unless excep-tional reasons existed why it should be other-wise, the militia should avoid travelling to and from camps on Sunday. Sir Frederick said he would look carefully into all the matter's brought to his notice, and do all in his power to meet the wishes of the deputation. The last minister called upon was Sir Wil-liam Mulock. The Postmaster-General was in-formed that a very large number of complaints had been received by the Lord's Day Alliance in regard to postoffices being kept open on Sunday in various parts of the country; that there was a marked tendency for this kind of thing to grow ; that the Alliance saw no reason in most of the instances why the postoffice should be opened on Sunday; and that if To-ronto and Ottawa could get along with a closed postoffice, there was no apparent reason why Fort William and Brandon could not do like-wise. The deputation took the ground that the effect of such opening was not only an evil from an educational point of view, but resulted in a good deal of unnecessary business being done on Sunday, and involved labor on the part of postoffice employees in the distri-bution of mails coming in late on Saturday night or early on Sunday. The labor represent-atives pressed upon Sir William's attention the fact that he was not only Postmaster-Gen-eral but Minister of Labor, and this seemed a special reason why he should be careful not to allow the workingman's day of rest to be invaded. The labor delegates also took oc-casion to express their very great appreciation of the consideration for the interests of work-ingmen that had been shown by Sir William in the management of his department. Sir William expressed gratification at the reason-able spirit manifested by the delegation, and said that the policy of his department was that all postoffices should be closed on Sunday, unless there were exceptional circumstances which rendered it necessary to depart from the practise. He asked to have furnished him specific cases from all parts of the Dominion,  and promised that they would be dealt with on their merits. He added that he would be glad to do anything in his power to prevent unnecessary encroachment on the Sabbath. To-morrow the deputation will interview the Hon. A. G. Blair on the question of Sunday labor on the Government railways and the canals, and if possible will wait upon the Prime Minister in regard to the general question of Sabbath observance. The following resolution has been adopted by the Dominion Trades Congress on motion of Mr. D. J. O'Donoghue: "That, inasmuch as organized labor is un-. alterably opposed to long working hours and is in favor of a Saturday half-holiday, be it resolved that this congress is opposed to and condemns all Sunday excursions by steamer or rail, as well as all unnecessary servile work on Sunday." When the deputation waited upon the Minister of Railways two days later " a strong protest was made against Sunday traffic on the Intercolonial Railway." " Rev. Mr. Shearer said that freight trains were run from both ends of the line on Sunday, and also special freights, and that there was unnecessary yard work done at Truro and Halifax on the sev-enth day. The complaints will be inves-tigated." Evidently the officials of the Canadian government do not question the idea that it is their proper duty to pre-vent " encroachments upon the Sabbath," and that it was perfectly proper for Ł clergymen to assume general supervision of the whole matter and-see that the offi-cials do their duty in that respect. Pursuant to instructions from the State's attorney's office police officials of Bismarck, N. Dak., visited the stores and business places of that city on January 17 and informed the proprietors " that the Sunday law must be obeyed, and all stores must be closed on that day." " Drug stores were not included in the order." It is said that " Attorney Reg-ister has always been a rigid observer of 