8 THE SENTINEL OF CHRISTIAN LIBERTY. , Washington is in a very real sense the headquarters of the ,forces which are working in antagonism to these prin-ciples, and it will undoubtedly, be the storm-center, of the issue that is to come over them. Here, and almost within sight of The Sentinel office, are the headquarters of the International "Reform" Bureau Š the "Christian" lobby Š which is the agency through which the Protestant church element of the nation that has for many years been seeking religious legislation and polit-ical influence to that end is working at the capital and Capitol. This "Chris-tian" lobby has been actively at work for some years, and has acquired con-siderable influence in Congressional circles, so much so that it has been designated by newspaper correspond-ents "the third house [of Congress]," which designation it has proudly assumed to itself as a title well fitting its function at the national capital, It boasts of having caused and prevented the enactment of legislation by Congress, and through the favor of senators and representatives is enabled to make use of official stationery and to enjoy the franking privilege in sending a great deal of its literature throughout the country, thus securing for the liter-ature in the minds of those receiving it an influence and prestige that it could not otherwise have. So energetic and successful is this organization, or church lobby, that is working at the national capital for a practical union of church and state that it is now plan-ning the erection of a spacious "Re-form Federation Building," which shall "confront the Capitol grounds," for the use of "the International Reform Bureau and all other national societies devoted to Christian reforms that have or may make Washington their head-quarters," and which shall be "a ren-devous of all Christian reformers."  Such a building, we are told, would "embody the aspirations of Christian citizenship," `,`facilitate the co-opera-tion and economize the force of the scattered moral forces," and "express the strength of Christian patriotism." All this shows that the movement which The Sentinel was established to oppose is strengthening itself at the national capital for the attainment of its ends, and that there is and will be need of,  a counteracting force at this point, at least for a sentinel to closely watch and report developments. And there is still greater need for this, for here at Washington are being established the headquarters in this nation of another and more powerful force that is even a more serious menace to the Christian and American principles for which The Sentinel stands. That great ecclesias-tical system which for so long a period of the world's history has been the su-preme foe of liberty of conscience is establishing great institutions here, and designedly making the American cap-ital its headquarters in the New World, and strengthening itself here with a view to its future power and position in this .country and in the world. It is certain that it already has great in-fluence and power with the national lawmakers and with each administra-tion, much greater than has the "Re-form" Bureau, though it is exercised in a somewhat different and far less de-monstrative manner. Its power and in-fluence in this respect is rapidly grow-ing, *nd there can be no doubt that when it regards the time as ripe it will use this power and influence in the in-terests of church-and-state legislation. In conclusion we wish to say to all readers and friends of The Sentinel that during 1904 it will, to the very best of the ability of those having it in charge, carry out the purpose for which is was established. We know 