AN INDICTMENT OF NEW YORK'S SUNDAY LAW 651 more certain that God instituted a sab-bath than that He named the day when it should be kept? As has been before remarked, do not the truth of the di-vine institution of a sabbath and the day or time of holding it [observing it], depend on the same authority or tes-timony ? Is it immoral to disbelieve in and disobey one part of the com-mand, and is it not immoral to dis-believe in and disobey the other? Is it immoral to disbelieve the divine ap-pointment of a sabbath day, and not immoral to disregard the day desig-nated by divine oommand to be kept as holy time ? By what patent, other than the law in question, have the first-day sabbatteans the exclusive right 1,o disbelieve the religious creed of the seventh-day sabbatteans? By what authority, save that same statute law, have 'the seventh-day sabbatteans the exclusive right to disbelieve and dis-regard the religious creed of the first-day sabbatteans? If it is not immoral Ł for the first-day sabbatteans to dis-believe and disregard the seventh day of the week as a sabbath by divine ap-pointment, has not every other person an equal right to entertain the same opinion, and to act thereon accord-ingly? If it is not immoral for the seventh-day sabbatteans to disbelieve and disregard the first day of the week as " the sabbath of the Lord," has not every other member of the community an equal right to concur with them in that opinion, and enjoy and exercise the same ? To attempt to escape from the laby-rinth and inconsistency which any at-tempt to justify the law in question, on logical or moral principles, involves its advocates, it may possibly be al-leged that " it is not immoral to dis-believe either one of those two days (viz: the first or seventh) to be a sab-bath by divine authority, but that the  offense, the crime, the immorality, consists in disbelieving both, or not believing in and keeping one of them as holy time "!! If my reader will extend his patience a little farther, r will treat this subterfuge with the same defference and respect as if its absurdity was not self-evident or its weakness not at all astonishing. If it is moral, innocent, and a matter of right, as I allege, and the law ad-mits, in the first-day sabbatteans to disbelieve and disregard the seventh day as holy time, it is innocent and moral in all who entertain the same opinion, and they have an equal right Łto act accordingly. Then no members of the community except the seventh-day sabbatteans are under any obliga-tion to acknowledge or keep the sev-enth day as holy time. All except the seventh-day sabbatteans have a right, nay, are bound in moral honesty, to dissent from that religious creed, and to protest against being forced to it. If, on the other hand, it is innocent and a matter of right in the seventh-day sabbattean to disbelieve and dis-regard the first day as holy time, and I admit with the law under considera-tion that it is so, then no members of the community except the first-day sabbatteans are under any moral or religious obligation to acknowledge or keep the first day of the week as a sab-bath day. All except the first-day sab-batteans have a moral and religious right to disbelieve and dissent from that creed, and to protest against be-ing constrained by statute law or other unhallowed means to conform to relig-ious sectarian tenets which they neither profess nor believe. If it is not immoral to believe or disbelieve one or the other of those two days to be a sabbath by divine appointment, the belief that neither of them is such cannot be immoral. If unbelief in each 